################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-25 - Pastor Thomas Byler • Sun. • 82425 • Paying God His Dues - Thomas Byler.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-25
Title:   Pastor Thomas Byler • Sun. • 8/24/25 • Paying God His Dues
Speaker: Thomas Byler
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDRxP4K8vD8
========================================

If we just all stand this morning, maybe uh brother Caleb will open us in prayer this morning. Amen. The children can be dismissed to Sunday school. And if you'll go in with with me in the Psalms, we're going to Psalms 130. We're going to read Psalms 130 and 131. What a privilege to be in the house of the Lord again this morning. It's such a beautiful day outside. Psalms 130. Out of the depths have I cried unto thee, O Lord. &gt;&gt; If thou Lord shouldest mark iniquities, O Lord, who shall stand? I wait for the Lord. My soul doth wait. And in his words do I hope. &gt;&gt; Let Israel hope in the Lord. For with the Lord there is mercy and with him is plenteous redemption. &gt;&gt; Lord, my heart is not nor my eyes lofty. Neither do I exercise myself in great matters or in the things that too high for me. This one together. Let Israel hope in the Lord from henceforth and forever more. God bless you. You may be seated, Brother Brian. Morning, brothers and sisters. Hope you've all had a good week. God has blessed you. You know, I was thinking about that psalm we were reading. You know, you know, David was a king. You know, all the world, you looked up to him as a king. But when he writes these psalms, he writes them as a common man that sees himself no greater than the man next to him. All he is is a servant of the Lord or a servant of Jesus Christ. If you would turn with me uh to Isaiah the 55 55th chapter, you know, I was thought came on me over there. You know, thing about a Christian life, I was just thinking it's a sealed life. A Christian life, you're sealed from the things of this world, from the cares of this life. Doesn't mean that you don't live out there on that and you have to provide for yourself, but you're sealed from the evil things of this world. You're completely sealed from anything that would hinder your walk before Jesus Christ this morning. And and I was just thinking, you know, you all know what I do for a living. It's no different than what I do. You know, a refrigeration system is a sealed system. It's totally sealed off from the atmosphere. And if it ever starts leaking, what happens to it? It fails. It's going to fail if it's leaking. And it's no different in a Christian life. If you're leaking out into the things of this world, you're not going to be successful. The only way that you're going to be successful is you're totally sealed into Jesus Christ this morning. It's not me doing it, but it's Christ doing it through me. Nothing of myself, all looking to him. And and I was before I get started, um what I'm not saying we're a government, but really our year starts every September as a church financially. So, we're we got several expenses to go into the next year as I look um in September. I've said this before, next week. I'm surprised I was expecting to get it this week, but probably get it the coming week before 1st of September. I'll get the annual insurance for the church, the liability and the building insurance. And then also I do the prefill for the propane for the coming winter. But I know it seems like winter is so far away, but from a cost perspective for the church, it's just uh it's just next door. Um they've already done the summer fill and it wasn't too expensive. It's $300 or $400. So I didn't get a sheet from southern states. I don't know if they're even doing winter fill. So sometime that this coming week, I'll go by southern states and see if they're doing summer fill and try to get in uh a lock rate for I usually do a,000 to,500 gallons and then we start paying after that in the year. Uh the insurance last year for the church um was $3,900. Uh that's for everything. That's including liability for That's including liability insurance. Also, it's like I've always told you before, if you ever got any questions, I know I say that a lot. Uh don't be afraid to ask me how, you know, what goes on and some of you already know that I was supposed to be retired, but it seems like I haven't been retired the last eight or nine weeks. I'm working just as much as I did last summer. As you some of you know, I haven't been going to the bank as much as I should have. So, I'm going to make sure I get everything done to finish this month before it ends when it when it comes to what I have to deposit also. But I was I was thinking this morning, I'll just I had some ideas, but then I just turned blank here. So, I'll just read God's word and let it speak to us in our hearts this morning. You know, the it really as I get older, I know one thing. As some of you seen up there, I'm a year older this morning. As I get older, I realize how much as a younger man, I really depended on myself and not on the Lord in the things that I did. And as I get older, I real I can see back in my old life that I really didn't trust him as much as I really should have trust him. I was trusting myself more than I was trusting him. And I realize now, I can confess in my own heart that as I get older, I realize it's I'm totally depending on him to be successful in anything I do anymore. But the most important thing is I'm totally dependent on his love and grace for the salvation of my soul. And it's nothing I deserve but a gift that he gives me. So when I look, you know, I when you look at the circumstances in the life in this world, you you you just have to have grace and love for people. You just you're hoping the best. You're praying for the best and God will bring about the best in the hearts and the lives. whether it's your family or the people you're entering in and dealing with every day. But this is the 55th chapter of Isaiah. And uh it and I was just before I read it, I was just thinking I don't know if some of you have ever been in that state before where you've been so long without water, spent so much time in real hot weather that you've never had a you haven't had water in days or maybe hours. And all of you know that experience when you haven't had water for several hours or days and you take that first glass of water or that first drink, you know, you all know by the time it gets to your mouth, it you realize that your body's absorbing that moisture, absorbing that water before it even gets to your stomach. And I was thinking, what a terrible thing to be a Christian and be that dry and that much lack in the spirit and the presence of Jesus Christ in your heart and your life. And I would never want to be in that situation. But I'll just see what read what God had to say in this 55th chapter here. Ho everyone that thirsts, come ye to the waters. To he that hath no he that hath no money, come ye. Yay. Come buy wine and milk without money with without price. So God offers his gifts to you without price. All you got to do is surrender this morning. Wherefore do you spend money for that which is not bread and labor for that which is Well, let me go to the chapter. I thought I'd print this uh to read it better, but somehow the uh what I printed isn't exactly what the way it's supposed to be in the scriptures this morning. And as some of you have noticed, as I get older, sometimes I drop words out when I read, and I don't mean to do that. So, I'll start from the first verse again. Oh, everyone that thirstth, come ye to the waters. And he that hath no money, come ye and buy and eat. Yeah, come and buy wine and milk without money and without price. That's the same thing God is saying to you all and to me this morning. That that's still here for us today. Wherefore do you spend money for that which is not bread and and your labor for that which is satisfied not. Hearken diligently unto me. Eat ye that which is good and let your soul delight itself in fatness. And that goes about what I was speaking to early in my life. You know, you're eating something that has no value. If you're spending all your time out in the things of this world, you're eating and doing things in your life that have no value. They won't mean anything on the end. And he goes on to say here in the third verse, incline your ear and come unto me and hear, and your soul shall live, and I will make an everlasting covenant with you, even the sure mercies of David. Behold, I have given for a witness to the people, a leader, a commander to the people. Behold, they they shall call a nation that which is not knowest not, that's us here, and a nation that knew not thee shall run unto thee because of the Lord God. For the holy one of Israel, for he hath glorified thee. And a few more scriptures here. And seek ye the Lord while he may found. Call ye upon him while he is near. And we know that's really speaking to us this morning. For let the wicked forsake his ways and the unrighteous man his thoughts. And let him return unto the Lord. We will have mercy upon him to our God for he will abundantly pardon. And that's a comforting thought. You know, I I just know in my own life when I when I intermingle with people out there in the world, the people in this life, you know, you I try never to have a bad thought about people, no matter how bad you think they are or how corrupt they can be. You want to keep your heart and your soul in a position where you're not accountable for anything. But I know that I've seen people in my life that you thought they were no there was no hope for that they were headed to oblivion and then all of a sudden you see them a year later or a month later and they're a totally different person. So it's not us to judge but let God's word have its effect in their lives. And he goes, "For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, sayeth the Lord. For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts. For as the rain cometh down, this this scripture really stri speaks to me here. For as the rain cometh down, and the snow from the heavens, and returneth not thither, but the waterth the earth, and maketh it bring forth bud, that it may give seed to the sewer, and bread to the eater. You know, sometimes when you're God is thinking about the needs of his people before we even think about it. You think about how God sees the mountains with snow through the winter time. And that very snow is providing substance in the way of water for the whole earth throughout the year when they're thin in the dry place. And I it just strikes me that God is thinking about the needs that you might have a month from now, a year from now, two years from now, or even tomorrow. God has you in his hands. He's thinking about you and how he's going to provide for you before you even know it. So, it's a comforting thought to me. So shall my uh uh I lost my place. You'll have to forgive me here. So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth. It shall not return unto me void, but it'll accomplish that which I pleased, and it shall prosper in those things whereof I sent it. For you shall go out with joy. You shall be led forth with peace, and the mountains and the hills shall break forth before you and singing, and trees of the field shall clap their hands. Instead of thorn shall come up the fur tree. Instead of the brier shall come up the myrtle tree. I I want that in my life. I don't want any sticky things in me. And it shall be to the Lord for a name and for an everlasting sign shall it be cut off. And I I just think as I go into another year, excuse me, I know in my own life, I don't want to be the same a year from now that I am. I want to scripturally and physically, spiritually, I want to be better off a year from now than I am this morning. And I do know um one thing about this life or about being a Christian is not nothing I can do. I know I say this a lot. I can't say it enough. I mean, it's the truth of God's word. It's not us that do it. It's God. You have to count on the Lord to do it for you. You have to it it's hard to explain. I'm just a simple man. You you just have to yield everything that you are to Jesus Christ this morning. You just you I know we don't you have to think put yourself in a perspective where you you got to think you don't have another thing coming to you other than what God has for you. You have to be totally dependent this morning for the gifts that God wants to give you. I know that I I've learned as I get to this age that I can't do it myself. I know I say that and I might go out tomorrow and struggle for eight hours not thinking of asking the Lord how to do something and learn a better way. But I do know one thing as he's teaching me that everything I do is dependent upon him. Brother David Amen. It's good to be here this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Steve wanted me to make sure not to forget to announce there's a national holiday today, brother Brian's birthday today. So, let's give him a hand. Amen. Amen. And also we just have a praise report from sister H or from brother Russell. He said went to the doctor this morning for the pathology report. Perfect report. The doctor had taken out a bunch of the closest lymph nodes and had them biopsied once again looking for any spread. Nothing. Zero zilch. Thanking the Lord for a total deliverance. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise for that this morning. Amen. It's also good to see brother Glenn here this morning. I'm glad you're It's good to see brother Glenn here this morning. Feeling better. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand for praise. Amen. Let's sing the same God that spoke to the woman's bone. Let's stand this morning as we sing this. The same God who spoke to the woman at the well. The same God whose wonders too many to tell. The same God who parted the raging red sea. Oh, he's the same God who's living in me. And I look back on history, see the mighty God unveiled. He's proving over and over. That his word can never fail. But I can't keep on dwelling on some past me. Cuz he's the same God who's living in me. Oh, the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. The same God whose wonders too many to tell. The same God who parted the raging with sea. Oh, he's the same God who's living in me. And the same God who created all the heavens and all the earth who came back living in Jesus. There was power in his word. And now in these last days, I'm beginning to see that it's the same God who's living in me. Oh, the same God who spoke to you. The woman at the well. The same God whose wonders too many to tell. The same God who parted the raging red sea. No, he's the same God who's living in me. And we've got the power in the name of Jesus. Oh, give me your hand. Let's agree together that all of our eneies will crumble at our feet. Whatever we find on earth, it shall be bound in heaven. At the name of Jesus, Satan has to flee. Oh, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. handle Satan ragees. We cannot be defeated cuz we've got the power in the name of the Lord. And for many years now, Satan's tried to stop us. Oh, but the pride of Jesus. The Lord is still alive. And like a mighty army, we keep maring onward, winning every battle because the Lord's on our side. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. Oh, we've got the power in the name of the Lord. And though Satan rages, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. For many years now, and for many years now, Satan's tried to stop us. But the bride of Jesus, the Lord is still alive. And like a mighty army, we'll keep marching onward in every battle. us. The Lord's on our side. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. And though Satan re es. Oh, we cannot be defeated cuz we've got the power in the name of the Lord. We've got the power. Oh, we've got the power. In the name of Jesus, we've got the power in the name of the Lord. And though Satan raes, oh, I cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Amen. Let the worshippers arise. Let the worshippers arise. Amen. Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing on your side, holding your hand. Let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Let the worippers arise. Oh, let the worippers arise. And let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king and father I hear it growing louder. The song of your redeem as the saints of every nation are awakening to sing. From our hearts there comes an anthem. Oh, hear the heavens ring. This is our song. Song to our king. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. And father I see a bride in power with full authority. She is claiming every promise and believing what she speaks. Every weapon formed against her has fallen at her feet. Oh, hear her praise. The King of Kings, let the worshippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Let's sing that third verse one more time. And father I see a bride in power with full authority. She is claiming every promise and believing what she speaks. Every weapon formed against her has fallen at the feet. Oh hear her praise. the King of Kings. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. Oh, I surrender to the King. Let the worshippers arise. Let the worshippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my I surrender to the king. Let's just sing it softly. Just lift our hands this morning. Oh, let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. I'm surrendering my all. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Amen. Amen. Can we sing that song and speak to the mountains brother Brad sang on Wednesday. Amen. And we have some mountains that need to be moved this morning. Some very serious prayer requests. Amen. So, let's sing this song before we go to prayer. Why would I worry when giants come calling my name? Cuz my God is so much bigger than troubles I face. And why would I hunger for power, riches, or fame? Cuz my God is so much better than all of these things. So I won't be shen. I won't be moved. My God is faithful and his promise is true. So I speak to the mountains. It's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. And my eneies scatter cuz they know the battle is won. For my God is stronger. The victories already won. Yes, he died for my ransom and rose up on the third day. Cuz my God is greater than death. hell and the grave. So I won't be shen. Oh, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I speak to the mountains. It's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. So I won't be shaken. Oh, so I won't be shaking. I won't be moved for my God is faithful and his promise is true. So I speak to the mountains. It's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Amen. You may have your seats this morning as we go to prayer. Amen. Brother Caleb and Brother Daniel and Brother Paul, would you come this morning? Take up the offering. Amen. Amen. Um, sister Adrianne asked we please continue to pray for Mansky, her mom and her son this morning. Also prayer request for Sister Hannah. She says, "Please pray for Aaron Foster. He's in the ICU with possible stroke. He's in a very bad place in life and needs Jesus. We ask that you pray that whatever it takes that this would be a turning point for him. So, we want to remember him this morning. Remember the Brad. I wonder if you'd come and take this before the throne. How many knows our enemy is a defeated enemy? &gt;&gt; Our God is bigger. He's greater. He's stronger. He's more powerful than anything that stands against us. So, we just go before him today and ask that he moves these mountains for us. Heavenly Father, we come before you tonight or this evening or morning, Lord, rather. We're just asking, Lord, that you would come on your way this morning in a special way, Father. that you would just come down and sweep through the congregation this morning. We're grateful today, Lord, just to be in your house just to come and hear from you. We knowing, Lord Jesus, that we not only come to hear from you, but we come to see you in power and demonstration. And that's why we come to you in prayer this morning. Lord, you see these mountains and brother Josh called them mountains because us as humans, as individuals, we can't move them. We can't change situations. We can't do it. But Lord, with the faith of the grain of a mustard seed, we can move mountains one stone at a time, one pebble at a time. And our enemy, we know, is defeated already by the blood that was shed on Calvary. It's just us bringing a petition before you this morning, Lord, that you would calling upon you, that you would move on the scene and show yourself as mighty and as warrior, fighting our battles for us, Lord. So Lord, you know the decisions that have to be made and the the the condition that Aaron's in this morning, Lord, and you know, he physically needs a touch from you. But Lord, spiritually, we ask that he would make a decision for you this morning. That he would turn his heart, Lord. That's the most important thing. These old bodies, they'll fade away. They'll fail us. They'll fall apart. They'll they they'll end up dying. But Lord, the spirit, man, the inside is what lives forever in the name of Jesus Christ. So Lord, we just ask that you be with him. Those that have a need physically and need a touch from you that you would just move on the scene. We're thankful for the testimonies we've heard and how you've moved in and in in a mighty way, Lord. So we just ask that you would show yourself once again as healer and deliverer and redeemer this morning, Lord. Lord, you know, we take this time for the offering, Lord. And it's just a little time in in the day that we take just to give back because you've given so much to us. And Lord, we know that you just bless and you've blessed this church. And not only financially, but as as the movement of the spirit and as the word goes forth, we see people growing and we see people in under deliverance and we see homes getting stronger and and our youth growing in your word, Father. And we just ask this morning, Lord, as we give, you just ask, we ask that you just continue to give to us and bless us, Lord. So, bless this offering now and those that can give and those who cannot. be with our pastor this morning as he delivers the word and give him the strength and give him the wisdom and the courage to stand boldly and preach the word that we need to hear in our heart. We love you Lord with all of our hearts in Jesus name. So I won't be shamed won't be moved. My God is faithful and his promise is true. So I speak to the mountains. It's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Amen. It's already done. Oh, it's already done. Oh, it's already done. For the battle is over and the victory is won. It's already done. And my family is here. Oh, my family is here. The battle is over. The victory is won. And it's already done. I'm already healed and I'm already here. Oh, I'm already here. The battle is over. The victory is won. And it's already done. And I'm already here. Oh, I'm already here. Oh, I'm already here. For the battle is over and the victory is won. And it's already done. It's already done. It's already done. Oh, it's already done. For the battle is over. The victory is won. And it's already done. Amen. Can we sing childier cries have awoken the master this morning? Oh, crossing the calm sea with Jesus. The disciples were getting concerned. The wind started violently blowing, but he was asleep in the stern. And does he not care that we perish? We're helpless and we're so afraid. Jesus arose when they called him and said to them, "Where is your faith?" And because you prayed, "Oh, cuz you've held on with all of your might. Child, your cries have woken the master. For he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice. Count your Christ have awoken the master and it hit you without any warning. The storm of your life had begun. seen no hope in the distance. You're frightened with nohere to run. And by now, your vessel is filling. And you're thinking that you'll surely drown. You've cried out for help from the Savior. And you know you can't give up now because you prayed all night. Cuz you've held on with all of your might. Child, your cries have awoken. the master for he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice, child. Your cross have awoken. The master. Amen. Do you believe he's here to meet your needs this morning? Amen. Let's stand and we're going to turn the service to brother Ber and give him his liberty this morning. Let's just sing fill my cup as he comes this morning. Oh, fill my cup Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I'm warm. No more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Oh, please fill my cup, Lord, and I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven. I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Amen. Good morning. &gt;&gt; Good to be back in the house of the Lord. Good to see everybody out this morning. You can be seated for a minute. Brother Glenn, he's got a testimony he wants to give. Let me get you the mic. Brother Glenn, come on up here. I'm just glad to see brother Glenn doing better. &gt;&gt; Let's give the Lord a hand. &gt;&gt; Well, thank you all. I have a little testimony. First of all, I want to thank Jesus Christ for coming into my life and making me well. And I want to thank my wife for dragging me from the living room to the bedroom and then calling an ambulance and sending me off to the hospital. Uh the first time I ever been in an ambulance and I was started I guess I was fainted or something cuz I started coming too and it was real dark and there was little red, green and blue lights blinking over on the side and these two men were interrogating me. They were asking me all these questions. So finally I thought I was captured by the Russians. So I gave them my name, my rank, and my service number. And then I shut my mouth. So we got to the hospital, I guess, because I woke up in a bed. And first thing I asked was, "Where's my wife?" And they said, "Well, she's around." And then anyway, I heard the doctor, he told, did he tell you my oxygen saturation was like something like 82? Uhhuh. Well, yeah, my blood pressure was up. My oxygen saturation was like 55 to or 60 something. Anyway, it was like I was just out of it. So, I got home finally and I was in bed. I don't remember much. Somehow another I got there. She said that she put me there. But, uh, all of a sudden, this song came on. It was called the shepherd of my valley. And let me tell you what, I was way down in the valley, people. Jesus Christ came and saw me. I looked over and here was Jesus pointing at me and telling me to come. And he was dressed in a robe that was purple and off-white stripes. Now, I was probably hallucinating, but I I would rather think that Jesus came and brought me out. Okay. So, anyway, to make a long story short, I'm getting better, but my nose still runs like a river. My eyes looks like I'm crying all day long, but other than that, and my throat. But next week, if the Lord's willing, I'm going to sing that song. The sheep, the shepherd of my valley. What an uplifting, beautiful song. Once I heard that and I saw Jesus, I sat right up and he just took me right out of the valley cuz I'll swear to you right now, I was on my way out. I I gave up. I said, you know, this is it. So, I want to thank Jesus Christ for being here with me. I also want to thank my preachers. Oh, uh, Brother Thomas, Brother Brad. Uh, and I want to open my Bible and look at one little verse. It's in Isaiah. I think I can I think I can find it. Brother Brad read it this morning. It's Isaiah 55 and it is verse 7. Let the wicked forsake his way, and the unrighteous man his thoughts, and let him return unto the Lord, and he will have mercy upon him, and to our God, for he will abundantly pardon. That speaks right about me, brothers. I'm a witness. Five years ago before, I was like I told brother Thomas, I was sinning and grinning. If there was a sin to commit, I would do it. But once I got here and I walked into this sanctuary, I could feel like Jesus Christ was right there with me. So, I want to thank all of you for what you've done for me because being with Christians and this wonderful fellowship is the greatest thing I've ever felt. And this is the best I've ever felt in my life. God bless all of you and thank you. Amen. How many enjoyed that? &gt;&gt; That's wonderful. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. You want to see the grace of God? Just take a look. That's the grace of God. That's what the grace of God will do for a man. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Also want to make an announce couple announcements before we get going. Um, November 1st is about the only day really that's working out for us for our fall festival. So, the first weekend in November or November 1st. And also, we're going to move our spring meetings a little bit uh this spring. So, you can write these numbers down if you don't want if you want to try to make plans for those. Amen. Uh, and that is April 16th through the 19th. That's this next spring. Okay. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's stand. We'll just get into the word of God this morning. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to see everybody out. Amen. Good to see doing better. I know that CO Amen. It is some really, really bad stuff. And then when you up in age a little bit, it's certainly going to make it much harder yet. So, we're glad to Amen. have him getting over it. Praise the Lord. A lot of folks go to that hospital and they don't come out. So, we're glad to have him out and back in the house of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we come before you once again, Lord, this sight of eternity. Lord, thanking you, Father, for what you are and for what you mean to us, Lord, and how dear you are to us, Father. How grateful we are to be your children, to be sons and daughters of God. To be able to assemble ourselves together like this in this place, Lord, knowing that just being able to come and have church is a absolute grand privilege, Lord. And we deem it a grand privilege to be here this morning, Lord, to come, Father, to bring ourselves before you, to present ourselves before you, Lord, and to see where we're at with you and how that we can be get better when we go out those doors than when we came in. Lord, forgive us of all transgressions, all sins, all failures. Lord, we ask God that we all covered by the blood. And Father, we ask Lord that you would have the free reign this morning. That you would have liberty to speak, Father, what you want to say. Lord, help me to get out of the way. That you might use my lips to say only what you once said, Father, and keep me from saying anything in my carnal self or in my own self, Lord. But just by the spirit as you give us utterance, Lord. We ask God that you'd be with Aaron just now, Lord Jesus. We ask, Lord, that you'd lead him to you, Father, that you'd fill him with your spirit. He needs salvation and he needs grace, Lord. And we ask for grace for him in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. This will be kind of a another part. Amen. On no excuses, which we're not going to entitle it that. Amen. If you would bring the title up. Amen. This is going to be pretty much a new thought for me. Amen. Paying God his dues. paying God his dues. Amen. Kind of different, isn't it? Amen. So, if you will turn your Bible, we'll go to the book of Psalms. Amen. And it was something Brother Brian read one of the scriptures that we plan on reading this morning. Amen. So, Amen. He was right on point this morning. Amen. as far as with what I the Lord gave me to minister on. Amen. So, Psalms 96. Psalms 96. Oh, sing unto the Lord a new song. Sing unto the Lord, all the earth. Sing unto the Lord and bless his name. Show forth his salvation from day to day. Declare his glory among the heathen, his wonders among all people. For the Lord is great and greatly to be praised. He is to be feared above all gods. For all the gods of the nations are idols. Amen. Doesn't that get along go along with what we said a long time ago that there's all there's a lot of gods, but they're all false gods. There's only one real god. Amen. Here it says that all those gods are just idols. For all the gods of the nations are idols, but the Lord made the heavens. Honor and majesty are before him. Strength and beauty are in his sanctuary. Now notice the word give. Give unto the Lord, oh ye kindreds of people. Give unto the Lord glory and strength. Give unto the Lord the glory do. Amen. do unto his name. Amen. Bring an offering and come into his courts. Amen. Oh, worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness. Fear before him all the earth. May God add his blessings to the reading of the word. You can be seated this morning. Amen. I was listening to brother Brandham this week and I was listening to uh the message uh the church and its condition I believe it was and there was just a couple statements that he made about going back up to the Eskimos way up in Canada way up there uh way way up in there Saskatchewan he said I think he was and he just made a couple statements that I really liked. Amen. And I and I hit the uh the print, not the print, but uh take a picture of the the quote, amen, on it. And I thought I'd just share with you. But you know, it says, "Give unto the Lord the glory due unto his name. Bring an offering and come into his courts." Amen. In other words, bring an offering. Make a sacrifice unto God. How many believes that each and every one of us this morning did just that? We made a sacrifice. &gt;&gt; Amen. We've sacrificed our time. Amen. and we don't mind doing it for the Lord. A lot of people spend their time on a lot of other things other than going to church, but we like to make the sacrifice of coming amen to the Lord. Take the time, Amen, in prayer. Now, first I'm going to read you this one about He says, "Now way up in there where we're going, he says there will be many people real poor. Real poor will have to sell one of their cows or two or three of their sheep or something to get to come to the meeting." the old Escommer will probably bring some of his skins and sell them that he really needed for his family to come out. The Indian trader will have to do the same. Amen. And he says, "So we can at least pray for them." And then he makes another statement right there when he was talking about it. Oh, so them, so they're real loyal, he says, to go to church no matter how cold it is. They'll wrap up in a blanket and sit on a bob sled and drive the horse for 30 miles to get to go to church. They'll walk through the snow drifts and everything else, young and old, they'll all group together and one family gets the other and they start walking and they go. He says it's the sacrifice that they make is what causes them to get so much out of the service. See, when there's no sacrifice, there's not much to the service. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. You have to really get down and do something that hurts real bad. Amen. Amen. Real bad. He says, "I have to lay aside some things and stop to work and do this, that, or the other. Get to go to church and show God that you love him and you make a sacrifice." Amen. To go to church. Amen. Amen. So, I thought that was pretty good. Don't you? Amen. How up there they'll go through the snow, everything else, and you know, they may go 30 miles, but you know, a lot of us and we know that we have we have to a lot of us have to go a lot further than that. drive an hour, hour and a half, but at least you get to do it in a brother Brandham called it an air conditioned Cadillac. Amen. Or something, but a nice vehicle, an air conditioning and and so forth. But you know, I thought, you know, I wonder how many of us this morning made a sacrifice of taking some time for prayer. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many prayed for the church service this morning? &gt;&gt; Not all hands, but but a few. Amen. So you get out of what you kind of put in it. Isn't it right? &gt;&gt; Amen. So I don't have a lot of quotes, but I do want to kind of just uh uh speak on this for a little bit. Paying God his dues. Last week, I think it was last time we spoke, we speak spoke on no excuses. Amen. No excuses. And how on that day I believe it was we mentioned how that God said or the brother Bam talked about how he says you know on that day God is going to uh ask for a reason. Isn't that right? In other words, what I would like to say is uh the one thing that all of humanity, all of all every human being, Amen, that God's going to require, Amen, is an explanation. In other words, you're going to have to give an an everybody's going to have to give an answer. &gt;&gt; How many knows that every human being owes God an answer? You owe it to God. You're going to give it whether you like it or not. You're going to get be you're going to get you're going to get the opportunities to stand before him and give an answer. &gt;&gt; It's what humanity owes God. &gt;&gt; They owe him that much. Why? Because in the world that you and I live in, people like to think that there is no God. &gt;&gt; That there is no judgment. There is no heaven, no hell. There is no man and a woman. trying to defy and destroy everything God ever made. Isn't that right? That's why all of that is like it is. Amen. So, we want to take a couple scriptures. If you I don't know if you have Revelations up there or not, but Revelations 21 is the first one I'd like to go to just to look at what the Bible says. Amen. And um actually, actually, let's go to a different one first. We're going to go to the one that I think Brother Brian uh mentioned. Amen. in Isaiah 55. I believe it is Isaiah 55. And this Amen. is going to be kind of our foundation that we come off of, but I want to just say this because it is it was very good. Isaiah 55, I believe it was u in verse 9. It says, "For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your way thoughts." He says, "And as the rain cometh down the snow from heaven and returnneeth not thither, but it waterth the earth and maketh it bring forth and but that it may give seed to the sewer and bread to the eater." So God is using a type, amen, of sewing and planting and rain coming down and so forth. He's using that as an example of what his word is going to do. Amen. Verse 11, so shall my word be. So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth. Amen. Hallelujah. Right there, folks, I want you to understand, we could preach for three years. Cuz how many knows God said a lot of things. We're going to take quite a bit of time this morning with the help of the Lord. Amen. Just to look at some of the promises of God. Some of the things that has went out of his mouth and they're not going to return void. Oh, let me pick that thought up again here in a little bit. But amen. But shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing that I sented. I would to God that the whole world would really truly believe that cuz it would it would make them different people. It would make young people. It would change you when you truly believe that what God said is going to happen. It's not going to fail. It is going to happen. It does something for you. It gives you a stability. It gives you a rock. Amen. Because man's word fails. There's nothing sure. Nothing is everything is sinking sand except for the word of God. It cannot be moved. Amen. It is not shifting sands. Heaven and earth will pass away, but my word shall never pass away. &gt;&gt; It gives an anchor. How many's resting on that? Oh, I got some good stuff. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh my. Amen. All right. So, Revelations now, let's look at the word of God. Look at what he said is when it comes to giving an answer. And I just want to say that every deed of every person in all of humanity, Amen, through the prophet of God, we know that a a person is recorded from the time they are born from the womb. &gt;&gt; Amen. There's a recorder that goes on, amen. And everything that child ever does from the time that they're born till the time that they are that they die and Amen. and pass away, it is on a record. Amen. You are you're on God's selfie. God is taking a selfie of you whether you like it or not. You know how mad people get out on the streets when people take videos of them. They'll go out and knock their d. Don't you take a picture of me and they get all hostile. Well, I have news for you. You're on candid camera, folks. Everybody's on candid camera, so to speak. Amen. And and I, brother Ben, make it clear. Even the color of your clothes, every action, every move is recorded. And not only that, but every thought that goes through your mind, it's recorded also. &gt;&gt; Amen. This morning, we want to also help and look at the value and how much that means, how much it means. Amen. To have your sins forgiven. Amen. Why why justification means so much to us. Why grace means so much to us. Why he means so much to us. &gt;&gt; Why he meant so much to John the Revelator. Amen. But that's down the road. Okay, let's read. After the thousand years, we're going to take a little trip over to the other side of a thousand-year reign with Christ. Of course, after the tribulation period. And verse 7 of chapter 20 of Revelation says, "And when the thousand years were expired, Satan was loosed out of his prison and he'll go out and deceive the nations which are in the four corners of the earth and so forth." Now after this after that it it says that he is uh let's go to verse 10. And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone where the beast and the false prophets are. And these shall be tormented day and night forever and ever. And I saw a great white throne and him that sat on it from whose face the earth and the heavens fled away. Amen. I do not understand just what that means. But I know that uh I forget his name now, but this certain brother that was an evangelist, if you remember when he come up before the throne, Amen. he appealed his case to the white throne and he went through way out there to the white throne. Isn't that right? Amen. And so perhaps perhaps what this is talking about this is nowhere close to the earth or the heavens. It's way out there somewhere. Amen. From whose face the earth and the heavens fled away and there was found no place for them. And I saw the dead small and great stand before God. And the books were opened and another book was open which is the book of life. And the dead were judged out of those things were written written in the books according to their works. Wow. The sea gave up the dead which were in it. Death and hell delivered up the dead were in it. How many knows there's no escape? I don't care how how far gone you are. I don't care if you're in the pits of hell somewhere. God's going to call you and you're going to come back up. You're going to stand before him. Amen. Well, let that ring out through our nation. Let that ring out through the world. You will stand before God &gt;&gt; and you will give an account. You will pay for your sins. How many know as brother Ram said, we know the Bible says that. Amen. Every sin, every wrong deed, everything that people do, they're going to have to pay for it. &gt;&gt; Well, fast forward it a little, brother B. Tell me about the grace of God and what takes away that. You know how that Christ paid for it. And when you're in Christ, you know, he paid the debt. He did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. &gt;&gt; We'll get to that in a minute. But that's right. You know, and if it isn't in that channel, everything has to be paid for. That's right. Right here, we know it's the word of God. My word shall not come back. Boy, this is going to happen. just as sure as the world. &gt;&gt; Amen. But how many knows that the bride is with him? She's not going to be at this white throne judgment. She's going to be there with God. He comes with 10 thousands of his saints to execute judgment upon all the wicked. The book of Daniel talks about how when he comes, Amen. Even Paul said, "Don't you know that the saints shall judge the world?" One place, Brother Bram says, a pastor will judge that area of a local area. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. All right. Now, that's right. So he says now look and they were listen gave up the debt that were in it death and hell delivered up the debt which were in them and they were judged every man according to his word. Not just some every man that was standing there. Huh? This just comes to mind. Is that okay? Notice he said death and hell, the grave and everywhere else. But it never said about those that are in heaven. Why? Because there is therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. There is no judgment. You've passed from judgment. How many believe that's what the believer has done? &gt;&gt; Amen. So let's the first part of this I've got about three different phases but this first part we want to establish that Amen. that you know the deeds of everybody. Amen. First of all, God is God. And because that he has made man, he makes man responsible. He makes man accountable. Amen. Whether they want to or not. &gt;&gt; I believe in Romans there, it says or seventh chapter somewhere in there, ninth perhaps, it talks about, can the thing formed say to him that formed it, why hast thou made me thus? Amen. Never ask God, "Well, how why did you make me this way?" No. Just say, "Lord Jesus, if I'm not what I ought to be, you you keep molding and making me the way that I ought to be." Amen. Thank you, Lord. He had a purpose in doing it. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So, how many knows that in this world nothing's free? &gt;&gt; Amen. People think, well, you know, sometime business and everything, man, they'll have a open house and I'll come and get you a drink and come get you some barbecue and a come and eat a good meal and you go there and you know, but you know, any business, any smart person like that, there's a motive behind why they're feeding you a meal. They're hoping that when you come around and you do that, hey, these people were nice, so the next time I need what they got, Amen, I'm going to go to them and get was their motive to build their business. There's always a reason behind it. &gt;&gt; All right. So, but anyway, and but you know, we're told and we're taught by the Bible that Amen. that Jesus, he paid a debt that he did not owe. We ought he could not pay. Amen. And that it's a free gift. That salvation is absolutely a free gift. It is a free gift of God. Sure, he paid something that you couldn't do if you had all of Trump's money. You could never buy peace. Not even a little bit of peace you couldn't buy to have your sins forgiven. Not even a little bit if you had a billion dollars. Because I'm telling you, if you would say, "Well, look, if you come up with a billion dollars, Amen. you'll be saved." There's a lot more billionaires. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? Ain't no telling what people would do to become a billionaire. They do anything for that. I don't know so for sure though because a lot of them don't want it. Even though it's free. &gt;&gt; Even though it's free, they still don't want it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. I put it this way. I put it this way. A gift and salvation is free. But to obtain it, you have to pay a price. &gt;&gt; You have to pay a price if you're going to obtain this free gift because it was certainly not something you could do something you could purchase yourself. Not you couldn't do it more than nothing. There ain't none of us could ever do anything like that. It was only the precious blood of Jesus Christ that bought and paid so that we could accept what he's done. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So another another place I want to go to before I go into the area of that we have to pay a price and what price we have to pay is it found in Mark 9. In Mark 9, everything we do there's a price that comes with it. Amen. Either it's an indebt or it's a blessing. Either good or bad. Jesus said in chapter nine of Mark, he says, "Whosoever shall give and for whosoever shall give you a cup of water to drink in my name because you belong to Christ, verily I say unto you, he shall not lose his reward. Amen. Even a cup of water, it doesn't matter how small it is, God records. God knows. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; And another thing, verse 42, it says, "Whosoever shall offend one of these, my little ones, that believe in me, just to offend one of God's children. &gt;&gt; It is better that a millstone were hanged about his neck and that he was cast into the sea." &gt;&gt; Think about all those martyrs that were killed down through our ges. Not just offended, but killed and murdered. &gt;&gt; Amen. Don't mean to sound crazy here, but them people's got hell to pay. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? Yeah, they're right. They're going to pay in hell for a long time for what they did. I want to say this. I certainly wouldn't want to be f found offending God's children or God's church or God's people. Amen. That a millstone were hanged about his neck and that he was cast into the sea. Another place Jesus said that every idle word that a man speaks, you'll give account for. &gt;&gt; Every word that you say that you oughtn't say, you got to give an account for. &gt;&gt; M. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's pretty heavy, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Amen. Talk about pain. That's right. Every action. Praise the Lord. Every offense that is committed. Amen. Now, let's look look at Matthew and let's look at the price that you and I have to pay. Paying God his dues. Amen. Isn't this something how that we're living in a world that the bills all come due? Is that right? Sometimes they're passed due. This is due. This is passed due and so forth. And you got to pay, you know. And how many knows when that white throne judgment comes, all the bills are going to come due? &gt;&gt; Everything anybody ever did is going to come due. All right, it's time to pay. Amen. Amen. Okay, let me see here. All right, let's first go to uh Luke, not Mark, but Luke, I mean Matthew. We'll do Matthew next. Luke. How many knows that to have access and to receive Christ, you do have to pay a price? Sure you do. Amen. In chapter 14, the cost of being a disciple. And there went about great multitudes with him. And he turned and said unto them, If any man come after me and hate not his father, mother, wife, children, brothers, sisters, yay, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple. And whosoever does not bear his cross and come after me, he cannot be my disciple. Got a price to pay. &gt;&gt; Amen. For which of you intending to build a tower siteth not down first and counts the cost? Amen. Count the cost. We're living in a world, folks, that wants to uh have God, have salvation, have eternal life. They don't want to pay anything for it. &gt;&gt; That's exactly right. &gt;&gt; They want to give nothing. They want to have their own life. They want to do their own thing. They want to live like uh like uh like Satan tried to offer Jesus all the kingdoms of the world just no Calvary. &gt;&gt; All these will I give you if you'll just bow down and worship me. Think about it. He was going to give it to him. Isn't it something how it took a prophet of God I ain't never heard it before. How did it took a prophet of God to tell you that? That shows that e the kingdoms belong to him. That he's got control of them because he offered them. He couldn't offer him if he didn't have them. &gt;&gt; That's right. But he tried to offer him. Even brother taught, he says he'll offer you going to church, be a good member. He'll try to offer you being a trustee, a deacon, a preacher. Just don't go to Calvary. Just don't die to yourself. Why? because that still gives him access to your life. Still access to controlling you. &gt;&gt; And there's millions, I wrote down here, billions of people that take that offer claiming to be a Christian without a Calvary, without dying to themselves. You got to die. How many knows Jesus died for you? You owe him to die for him. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's what you owe. &gt;&gt; Amen. He won't accept anything less and anything less. He went to the cross and he says if you're not willing to take up your cross, Amen. then don't bother coming. You ain't going to get it unless you're willing to die. &gt;&gt; Die to your thinking. Die to your plans. Die to your life. Die to your goals and ambitions. &gt;&gt; Amen. Sure you can have goals. Sure you can have. God is first. It is pathetic how the people amen that God created to treat him. &gt;&gt; Is that how Israel man how pathetic they were Simon when he him to supper wouldn't wash his feet wouldn't anoint him with all wouldn't welcome him. People don't welcome him. People don't honor him. Give God the glory that's due to his name. Amen. How many believe there's going to be people that will give him the glory that's due to his name? Why? Because that word will not come back void. &gt;&gt; All right, here we go. We're about ready to preach. Now, &gt;&gt; think about it. If he said that he was a healer, there's going to be somebody that's going to get healed. &gt;&gt; Why? cuz he's not going to come back void. If there's somebody that needs saving and he's a savior, somebody's going to get saved. &gt;&gt; He's a redeemer. He's going to bring somebody back. &gt;&gt; Woo. He's not going to have his word come back void. &gt;&gt; But if he's a savior, he's going to save somebody. &gt;&gt; Doesn't matter how many reject him, &gt;&gt; there's going to be people that accept him. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. I messed up my glasses and everything. Praise the Lord. So now notice. So he says, "That's right. You got to sit down and count the cost. See what it's going to cost you." That's where people fail. Amen. Lord, help us. It'd be nice to have it one day. I accept the Lord. I died to myself. He filled me with the Holy Ghost and that was it. No, don't work that way. Why? Because Paul said he had to die &gt;&gt; daily. Every day. As long as you're living with this thing, you got to kill that thing. You got to die to that thing. Like brother Ram says, man, people Amen. Young preachers sometimes people come begin to preach and they begin to think they're somebody. Christians, they become Christians, all of a sudden they get highly puffed up and proud and this that or the other. Amen. And you go the exact wrong way. The way up is down. Stay down. Get off your high horses. Stay on the Damascus dust. Realize you're nobody. You're nothing without God. We are nothing without God. He can do without us, but we cannot do without him. He's everything. &gt;&gt; He's everything. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. On on he goes. Jesus telling about find out whether you have sufficiency to finish it or not. Amen. If you're building a tower on down, if your king goes to war with another one, you want to figure out whether you can win this battle. Amen. Amen. Notice it. So likewise, whosoever he be of you that forsaketh not all that he hath, he cannot be my disciple. Amen. You be got to be willing to pay the price. &gt;&gt; Amen. You want to be a better Christian. You want to be closer to God. Look at what price you can pay. &gt;&gt; Oh, how we honor our jobs. How we honor our bosses. And man, we're there every day. Amen. Ours. We do what they're told. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? We give honor to our jobs. We give honor to our flesh. We give honor to Amen things. But where's God's honor? &gt;&gt; Where's his respect? &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Wait. Oh my. A son honorth his father and a servant his master. If I then be a father, where is my honor? If I be a master, where is my fear? Sayaith the Lord of hosts unto you priests. Amen. Where's my honor? He says, how many believes he's a father? &gt;&gt; He's a master. He's our Lord and he's worthy of respect. He's worthy of honor. Give honor to God. Glory to God. That's due to him. How many believe God is due a lot? The world owes God a lot. We owe God everything. You wouldn't be sitting there. You wouldn't be breathing air if it wasn't for God. You wouldn't have a voice if it wasn't for God. Hallelujah. When we just begin to get down to the nitty-gritty, for every drop of water we drink. Amen. For every breath we take. Amen. Thank you, Lord, for having me. Let me not be blind, Lord. Thank you that I can jump a little bit. Thank you, Lord, for my youth. Thank you, Lord, for everything that you have given. He's given us everything. You ain't got nothing without him. Let everything that has breath praise the Lord. Give praise to him. &gt;&gt; Give honor to him with your life and the way you live. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many believes that? Amen. Praise be to God. Come, let us reason together, sayeth the Lord. Though your sins be as red like crimson, they shall be white as snow. God is in the business of taking your old tattered garment, your old meaningless, dead, druggy, and oh, horrible life. Amen. And he wants to give you a robe of pure white. &gt;&gt; God wants to make a deal with people. Bring your old tattered garment, I'll give you an old rub. &gt;&gt; Take you, give me your sadness, and I'll give you joy. Give me your depression and I'll give you joy unspeakable. &gt;&gt; Give me your sin and I'll wash it white. That's why man has to do drugs, alcohol, pleasure, anything to take their mind off of. No. Hello. What their soul tells them that there is that there's a God that they'll have to give an account to try to fill that void that's there. That little place in the heart that is a void. God put that void there. He wanted you to be long. He wanted you to be sad. He wanted you to be empty. He made a place like that. But he don't expect to fill it with the things of the world. Amen. And the pleasures. Amen. And everything else. He expects you to get it filled with him. He made you that way so you can have joy unspeakable. &gt;&gt; Put that in your heart. Made you that way. Made all of humanity that way. &gt;&gt; Amen. All right. Praise the Lord. Aren't you thankful that his word is not going to come back &gt;&gt; void? &gt;&gt; No. But we say this morning, I believe I'm going to fulfill that word. I believe you're fulfilling that word. &gt;&gt; Oh, when he was coming into Jerusalem and they were saying, hosana to him that comes upon the fall, hosana, hosana. Isn't that right? That's what the Bible said that they would do. Amen. And the scribes and the Pharisees, they were of the opposite side. Tell them to hold their peace. Tell them to be quiet. Jesus says, "If they be quiet, the rocks will immediately cry out." But then people didn't let the rocks cry out for him. And I'm here to tell you when John show, Amen, that's great one. Amen. And opened the book and he was worthy to be praised. Ain't no rocks going to cry out for the bride of Jesus Christ. Everything in heaven heard me say. Everything under the earth. Everything in the sea heard me saying, "Worship God." Amen. Worship God said, "Glory, power, strength be to him that sits on the throne." &gt;&gt; Amen. And John was a type of you and I. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Amen. Isn't that what John did? &gt;&gt; I know preachers say it and it's true to a sense that it's all about you. It's all about us. And I'll say this, I believe it's true with God, it is all about us. Amen. But as speaking for myself, &gt;&gt; Amen. To me, it's all about him. &gt;&gt; Just as a young boy and a young girl, Amen. dating and loving each other, whatever he does, it's all about her. And she's the same way. Oh, it's all about him. Amen. Because when John the Revelator when he when he seen listen to this and I beheld and I heard another voice of many angels round about the throne and beast and the elders number was 10,000 times 10 thousands and they sang with a loud voice oh I'm so worthy no I'm so powerful I'm so rich no he said worthy is a lamb that was slain to receive power and riches and wisdom and strength and glory and blessing and every creature heard me saying it. Woo. How many believe that you and I I believe Evening Light Tabernacle. I believe other churches I believe the bride. Amen. We're getting into the atmosphere. Amen. Of worshiping him. Say he is worthy of power. Cuz when we get over there, I believe it'll be the same thing, brother. Amen. We're going to be saying, "God, where you're worthy, you're worthy." We'll fall down and say, "You are worthy of everything. Without you, I'd have never made it. It was all about you. Amen. We might as well get in the atmosphere of what it's going to be over there right here. &gt;&gt; I believe we're getting in the atmosphere of heaven. I ain't waiting. I ain't waiting till I get over there to do these things. I ain't wait till I get over there to shout until the heavens roar. I'm going to let the glory rule when the road is called in glory. I'm going to have the time of my life while I'm still in the time of my life. I'm having the time of my life. Come on, people. Couldn't wait until you get over there. Have the time of your life. Have a little bit of the time of your life right here, right now. Woo! Come on to football games, they get their glory. Basketball, they get their glory. Give God the glory that's due to him. He is due of our praise. He's due of worship. &gt;&gt; God, give me a better body. strength. &gt;&gt; While you still got strength, &gt;&gt; give him praise. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. All right, I got to dress down. Is that all right? Don't worry, that's as far as we'll go. God is good, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Oh my. That's what I think. I think it's about him. &gt;&gt; I think it's about what he does for us. And I believe he is worthy. All these worldly people and all these other things, they're not worthy. Only he is worthy. You're not worthy. I'm not worthy. so unworthy of such mercy. But when he was on the cross, I was on his mind. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I was on his mind. He's worthy of praise. He's worthy of blessing and honor and glory and dancing &gt;&gt; and shouting. Amens. Hallelujah. His name is above every name. There's no name like Jesus, like the Lord Jesus Christ. His name is above every name, higher than any other name. Praise be to God. How many knows that God just doesn't run his business when he makes a plan? When he comes up with a plan, he don't run his business half shot. When he says something, it's going to accomplish what he says. &gt;&gt; He didn't come to the cross just to have somebody have pity and thinking maybe somebody will feel sorry. Hello. Brother Bam says, "May I stop here just a moment and realize I'm facing clergymen and smart men, but I just like to say this. I believe this and I know it. Jesus never went to the cross for some half-hazard affair. Perhaps sorry because he died so they'll come and get saved." God doesn't run his business like that. God runs his business by fornowledge. knowing before the world was ever formed, who was his. &gt;&gt; Amen. He makes no mistakes. He wouldn't bring you in if you wasn't worthy. He knows your heart. That's right. He knows what you are. Listen now. How did you get in there? But for knowledge. God said that even Jesus, now put on your caps and open your heart. The Bible even said Jesus was slain from the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. Again, he talks about in another quote, not just some hazard business. Amen. He says he runs his business perfect. That's right. He knowed exactly what was going to take place. Amen. He would foretell it. He knows exactly. Amen. He's not willing to perish, but he's not willing. But he's infinite. Oh, here we go. Hallelujah. Oh my. He knows. If he's infinite, he knows who will and who won't. Therefore, you can rest assured if you have received God and been filled with the Holy Ghost, you're anchored to your eternal destination. How many knows if you've got the baptism of the Holy Ghost? One of the great revelations is to know who you are, that you are a son of God, that you are a part of that word. &gt;&gt; Behold, what manner of love the Father has bestowed upon us that we should be called the sons of God. Great revelation. No, there was two children. There's two children. Two different children in the world. How many knows that there's two children? Cain and Abel. There's wheat and tears. Ain't that right? There's two. Amen. A lot of people don't know where they belong, where they come from. But if you know that you were part of God, &gt;&gt; we ought to be the happiest people. &gt;&gt; You can be the happiest person. I don't care if you got nothing. I don't care how much else you know. Just so that you know that you are God's child. That he called you. That he has sustained you. He has brought you through every child. Amen. And you're still here. Why? Because God's word will not come back. B. Give unto the Lord the glory. Do his name. How many believe please? Down at the cross where my savior died. Thou where from cleansing from sin I cried. There too my heart was the blood applied. Glory to his name. &gt;&gt; I'm singing glory to his name. I'm singing glory to his name. You ask me why I'm happy. I'll tell you why. Cuz I ain't got to worry about the judgment. I ain't got to worry about all those things. That's why forgiveness and justification mean so much. I never done it in the first place. I ain't got to worry about that. If that don't excite you, then you're going to sit in heaven. Yeah, I'm justified. Yeah, God forgave me. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I'm glad that God forgave me. How many glad that your sins are forgiven? They're in the sea of God's forgetfulness. Amen. He knew there would be people that would be willing to pay the price. They would give hot. You can't give them anything. Brother Bram says that Easter they will bring flowers. Now every bring everybody bring a flower, a pot of flowers for the Lord on Easter and we'll set them here. And if everybody brought some, we'd probably have flowers all the way over here. Is that right? What the prophet of God said, God don't want the flowers. God wants your heart. I mean, that's what God wants. He wants you to give him yourself. He wants your love. He wants your appreciation. He wants your respect. He wants your love. He wants your heart. That's what God wants you to give him, &gt;&gt; your all. He's all and in all. The Bible says, do you realize that God wants to have the preeminence? God wants to be in your life. &gt;&gt; He wants to be a part of you when you wake up in the morning, when you go to work, when you go back home, whatever. He wants to be a part of your life. He wants to be in you, fellowshipping with you. That's what God wants. That's all we can give. In my hands, no price I bring. Simply to thy cross I cling. &gt;&gt; Amen. All that I am. All that I have, all that I will ever be. Cannot repay the love debt I owe. Amen. I surrender to thee. So all we can do is give ourselves. &gt;&gt; Surrender to God. See God, here I am. I give myself away. I give myself away. Amen. I give myself away. That's what God wants. The fellowship that a husband and a wife has. We're in their perfect fellowship. Everything's good. There's very few things in the world better than that. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God is good. Just comes to mind. Kingdom of heaven is like a treasure. A man found in a field. When he finds it, what's he do? He hides and he goes and he sells everything he's got and he buys that feel. That's the Christian young people remember that you go and sell everything you are. Say, "God, I'm nothing. My future's is yours. Just fill me with your spirit cuz Christ eternal life. Eternal life. You couldn't b with 10,000 worlds." Hello. Each soul, young people, each soul is valued at 10,000 worlds, endless infinity of how much you're worth. Amen. &gt;&gt; But without the eternal life to come to come on the inside, it would have been better for you not to been born. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? Praise be to God. Amen. Praise the Lord. He gave himself. All we can do is give oursel to him. I think we should all search our hearts this morning. See what else you can sacrifice. See what else you can surrender to God for more of him. How many needs more of God? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How many's got God? &gt;&gt; How many's got God? got the Holy Ghost. Amen. &gt;&gt; But you know, we always want more, don't we? &gt;&gt; I want more of Jesus. More and more and more. I want more of Jesus than I had this morning. I want more of his great love. So rich, so full, and free. I want more of Jesus. So, I'm going to have to give him some more of my time. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm gonna have to make more sacrifices for my prayer life, my dedication, my walk with him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Make time to come to church. Ain't that right? When we possibly can. Amen. Because he's worthy. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I was just imagining what the world would be like if everybody really did accept God. If we'd all get the praising God and give him praise and do what we're supposed to. Why this place? It'd be noisy. The world would be no. What a kind of a world would it be? Well, it' be heaven, wouldn't it? Because over there there's all the scuffers will undoubters will be absent on that day. Heaven's going to be full of people that are surrendered that have God in their life &gt;&gt; that worship him. But over here we're still going through our tests and our trials. We still have canes that want to kill us. We still have tempters. We still have all of these things. Amen. But thank the Lord for church. &gt;&gt; Thank the Lord we can get together like this and around the word of God. How do we get washed? By the washing of the water. By the word. Isn't that right? So when we hear the word, it washes us. Right? I was back there thinking, you know, if you want to get and put your sins in the tub, the bleach of Jesus Christ, &gt;&gt; where is that tub at? &gt;&gt; I thought, brother Brad, I hope this is right. You judge me for but it's right here in church. &gt;&gt; This is where the tub is. Not that it isn't out there wherever you walk and wherever you are, but it's definitely in here. When the word's going forth, mercy is given. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. We come to the house of God. We get washed by the water of the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad for that? We're never ashamed. How many believe we should never be ashamed? &gt;&gt; Never be ashamed. &gt;&gt; I don't care where you are. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; I remember down in Florida when we was laying block on seventhstory building. Amen. I don't know who it was, but some guy, he'd go out there on the seventh floor, first floor, second floor, and he'd go, "Praise the Lord." He just went around yelling every, "Praise the Lord." I said, "Man, that whole place should have been ringing with that, right? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; The whole place ought to be ringing. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Let all the earth Praise be to God." Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. How many knows when he all that he is all that he means to us. His word is what we're born again by. We're a part of those thoughts that he had. We're part of his word that has went forth. &gt;&gt; Oh, I was going to skip a lot, but I'm going to go ahead and read it. What did brother Bam say? Brother Bam said that he doesn't run his business just by some emotion or affection, but he knows he runs it by fornowledge. Amen. See, in whom he did forno, then he also predestinated to be conformed to the image of his son. How many believes if that's his word, and if you're the predestinated one, God's going to, boy, he's going to whip us. He's going to beat us. He's going to do whatever it takes for us to conform to the image of his son. He'll allow trials come. Brother Bam says the best thing that we ask for a life of ease and life of comfort. The best thing God can do is give us trials. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham had to say it, didn't he? He had to say it and I got to say it. I'm not going to apologize even though I thought about it. No, we got to say what the prophet said. We He says what the pro what the Bible says. Why? Because those are the things that mold us. Those are the things to show you the thermometer of where you're at, &gt;&gt; of where you're at with God. Put you under pressure. See where you're at. &gt;&gt; So, thank God. Why? because he says the gold we're Peter says that that we ought to have the gold, not the gold that perishes. All right, I think I can go to it pretty quick, baby. Let me just read it. The trial of your faith being much more precious than the gold that perisheth, though it be tried by fire might be found unto praise and honor and glory at the fearing of the Lord Jesus Christ. I mean that that the molding that makes the coming into his image. All the hard times and trials you go to, it's not for just over here. is molding you for over there. &gt;&gt; So you will shine in his glory. When you get over there, you're going to say, "Thank you, Lord, for all the hard trials that you helped me through. Thank you for delivering me this here and delivering me from that." Woo! I'm going to scream. I'm going to holler, Brother Brad, because I'm going to say, "Man, I know what it's like, Amen. to go through a trial." Amen. long dark tunnel and finally there's a little light at the other end. And you might say, "Is that a train?" No, it wasn't a train. It was God on the other side bringing you through. I say, "Thank you, Lord, for bringing me through my trials. It made me love you more. It made me realize the fight's not mine. The fight is yours." Woo! How many's glad that you are bought? Jesus said, "You are bought with a price." When Jesus come to Calvary, he bought you from the devil. He bought you off of the devil. That's right. You was in his pawn shop. The devil was making you whatever he wanted made you to do. But he bought you. You're not your own. &gt;&gt; How many knows you're not your own anymore? You've been bought. Christ paid for you. &gt;&gt; And I'm thankful for that. I heard brother Bam just say the other day, you are going to be a servant. You are going to be a slave to somebody. You're either the devil's slave or you're God's slave. And I'm telling you what, I don't mind being a love slave to Jesus Christ. I like being his slave. Oh, what joy it gives us to be a slave to him. When the devil comes and tempts you, tell him, "Sorry, devil. I'm bought. I'm not for sale. Get on out of here. And I'm not ashamed of the gospel of Christ. For it is the power of God. Amen. My word shall not come back void. If God says that we're to praise him, let everybody have breath. Somebody go praise him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If he's going to have a church without spot with wrink without wrinkle. If he says that those who he for ordained, he uh justified and who he justified, he has already glorified. &gt;&gt; I looked into the mirror this morning and I realized his old body getting old, but I thank the Lord for my body. I appreciate still being in the flesh here. Amen. I'm glad I'm not crippling around and we're getting older. Sure. I thank God. But I thought, Lord, this is nothing but corruption. Look at animals when they die. Amen. I killed a possum the other day. He was coming after our chickens, eating our eggs. So, yeah. I said, I guess I could have hauled him off. Donna was in favor of No, but you did was great. But I left him laying out just for about that day. And I didn't get him out that day. That evening, she said that thing's still laying on there. I went over there and maggots already crawling up out of it and everything else. Hello. And the man if I if you die that'd be your body. But Abraham says that that girl that's out there with her sexy dress on and everything. Don't you realize in two three days worms can be crawling in and out of your mo nose and everything else. This body is nothing but a bunch of corruption. But I said, "Lord Jesus." And as I looked in the mirror, I said, "Lord Jesus, I thank you because I know that you have another body for me. You've got a theophony body for me. If this one goes, I've got another one waiting. Woo. And I'm looking forward to be in that body. Aren't you? Amen. There'll be no temptation. There'll be no down. No, no mistake. Nothing on that one. Woo. We ought to be happy. Oh, the I hear it's calling me. It's calling. Do a little better. Come up a little higher. Come up a little higher into the perfect word. Amen. I hope that we've got more people who sp theophonyy's calling as we get older. Brother Glenn, sister shared, we've got a theophony body waiting for us. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad that God has already made for you? Woo. I'm just going to have a good time. Is that all right? Let's go a little long this morning. Is that okay? &gt;&gt; How about shut down a minute ago? But here we go. Listen. And he that spared not his own son, but delivered us him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things. Amen. And who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? It's God that justifyth. How many like that? People might judge you. People might want to condemn you, but all I can say is shut up. God is the one justifies me. He is the one that died for me, not you. You're not my justifier. So shut up, devil. Who is he that condemnth? It's God that justified. &gt;&gt; Woo! Hallelujah. How many is glad that your sins are gone &gt;&gt; in the sea of God's forgetfulness? &gt;&gt; Folks, I'm here to tell you if you was on the day of judgment on day, if there was such a thing of the devil come up and say, "Well, God, he did so and so and so." He'd look on that book and say, "I'm sorry, but there's nothing but blood there." Amen. And it has a pardon on it. There's nothing there. Remember brother Brandham when he went in Ohio in that restaurant and that woman was there with purple hair and everything else 70 years old flab hanging down ill fame dressed with a couple of men and everything else he was saying God my daughters are going to have to grow up why don't you just wipe that thing off the earth how can you stand and God got a hold of him said where would you be if it wasn't for my grace isn't that right amen he showed him all of his sins and how did they come up and they bumper they bumper they bumper he says you mean I did that You mean I caused you that pain every time? Yeah, you did. And then he wrote, Amen. reaching his side and he write on his book, Pardon. Amen. I pardoned you, but you want to condemn them. How many know those sinners out there, they need salvation? They need grace. Those people with pink hair, blue hair, whatever it is, they need the mercy of Almighty God. &gt;&gt; Amen. They do. Brother Tommy, me and you'd probably look like freaks today if God left us out there. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; You'd say, "Oh, you'd never do that. You'd never You don't know what you'd do if you're under control of the devil." &gt;&gt; Hello. I thank God for his mercy and for his grace, folks. &gt;&gt; Amen. And that power in his means so much. His grace, his mercy, his forgiveness. You know how often, brother Benam in his prayers says, "God, forgive us of our wrongs and our failures." The prophet of God, it should be a habit of all of us. &gt;&gt; Amen. When I go to bed at night, God, if I've done anything wrong today, please forgive me, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. I don't have no guarantee of waking up. I close my eyes and I says, I could wake up over there and look down on my body and say, "I'm I'm gone." You don't know. You ain't got no guarantee. But you got this one guarantee if you're in Christ. Amen. You ain't got a problem. You ain't got no worry. You don't sin like butter said, "Do I got to go back in that body?" No, he didn't want to. Amen. Amen. The grace of almighty God. Amen. Who is he that condemnth? It is Christ that died. Yay. Rather that is risen again and at the right hand of God. And who shall separate us from the love of God? Tribulation, distress, persecution, famine, nakedness, nothing. How many believe in God's word? He said it won't come back for it. He says, "Nothing's going to separate us from the love of God." &gt;&gt; Nothing. God ought to give us joy. &gt;&gt; Amen. Jesus said, "All the Father has given me will come and and I will lose none of them. And no man can pluck them out of my hand." &gt;&gt; If you're his, like brother Bam says, if you're saved, you have this one assurance. You can rest assured that you are anchored. Your destination, your eternal destination is anchored in God. You don't have to be afraid. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. God is good. &gt;&gt; Amen. Last, last scripture. Amen. I'll repeat this one here. The Lord is great and greatly to be praised. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. He is to be feared above all gods. Amen. Praise ye the Lord. 148 of Psalms. Praise ye the Lord from the heavens. Praise him in the heights. Praise ye him all his angels. Outsty angels. Did you hear that? You probably couldn't hear for the flapping and give you wings and you you praising him. What are you talking about preacher down there? This is what I do. I do it all the time. They pray. How many knows they're there all the time? Saraphims and so forth around him. Holy, holy, holy, holy day and night. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord. That's our great God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise ye him all his hosts. Praise him son. Praise him moon. Praise him ye stars of light. Praise him in the heavens of heavens. Ye waters that be above the heavens. Let them praise the name of the Lord. For he commanded and they were. How many believe that he said it? He spoke you into existence. That's why he chose you. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; So praise him. Say thank you Lord. &gt;&gt; It gives us a thankfulness. Give thanks with a grateful heart. People are so unthankful. Oh, let's give thanks to him. Revelations 19:6. All right. He has established them forever and ever. He hath made a decree which shall not p pass. Praise the Lord from the earth. Ye dragons and deeps, fire, hail, smoke, vapor, stormy wind, fulfilling his words. Mountains and hills, fruitful trees and cedars, beasts and all cattle. Woo! That's right, blackberry. That's right, strudles. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's our cow's names, just in case you're going the world's blackberry strudles. That's right. When Donna named our cows, it was a dessert. Dessert. I think that's what it was. If I remember right, she thought it's blackberry and these strudles and stuff. Amen. That's right. How many believe that? Didn't brother said the birds, they praise the Lord when they get up in the morning. That's right. They praise him. We get up and Oh, another day. My gracious. It's Monday, Tuesday. That's right. I know. Don't do it cuz you sleep long. I mean, I sleep longer than you do. So, when you get up at 4:00, don't go. Praise the Lord. She does. I guess I'll bear with it. Maybe I'll join in with her. We're just having a good old jubilee. But how many believes that ought to be in our hearts? A heart of worship. A heart of praise. I mean worship him. The fruit of our lips giving praise to his name. &gt;&gt; Amen. Those people out there and there's a rock and roll songs. I'm living for giving the devil his due. I want you to know I'm living for giving God his due. &gt;&gt; Amen. The devil got his due. He'll burn in a lake of fire and people that serve him, they'll get their due. And it ain't going to be a good thing. &gt;&gt; No. But how glorious it is to give God the glory and honor that's due to his name. Respect. Accept what he's done. That's all he asks. Accept the pardon that I gave you. Go into the highways and the hedges, brother Tommy. Go out there, compel them. Tell them I forgave them. Come and accept them. Come and die. the master calleth, &gt;&gt; but they just would not. I reached out my hand. I stretched out my hand of mercy, but you would not. People don't want to. They won't. Why do you think that you ought to be that happy or more happy because God put something in your heart? &gt;&gt; I mean, God put that in your heart. That's the mercy and grace of almighty God. &gt;&gt; He puts a receiver down in here. He put something in there for you to want to. I mean, know that's not you. You didn't do it. God did it. He put it in there. Amen. The receiver, as many as received him, to them gave he the power to become sons of God. In other words, those who had a receiver to accept it. Praise be to God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Jesus paid it all. He paid the ultimate price. &gt;&gt; Why don't you pay the ultimate price and say, "God, this morning I want to die to completely to myself." Stand with me. Musicians, if you'll come. &gt;&gt; Amen. Yes, Sister Janette. Who? &gt;&gt; My niece. &gt;&gt; Your niece. Should have her microphone. Let me get you a microphone, Sister Janette. Okay, give it a just a second. I don't want to miss it, and I want everybody to hear it. Okay. &gt;&gt; No, just tell us what you got. Saring God's not a sacrifice. Not to me. It's a privilege. I got a text and within the last two hours, my niece's husband, she's got MS, but he was outside working or something and he collapsed, but he didn't make it. &gt;&gt; No, none of us know from one day to the next when our next time is. I've been sitting here for the last two years expecting and I'm praising God with every breath I take. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because sometimes it's really hard to do. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But then it's the little things that we do not appreciate. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you know this morning I have to be with you. I thank God for every pain I got. For fact it knows that I'm still here and I can praise my God. But this family needs prayer bad. If they're anything like what I've known that they've grown up to be. Hey, I'm blessed. That's all I can say. I'm blessed. But they need all the prayer that anybody can give them. So, but and I'd appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you, Sister. We're going to believe for you, sister. Hope you live long. Amen. And &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And we'll pray for that family. Let's pray for that family, shall we? Lord Jesus, father, sister Janette's niec's husband. Lord Jesus, gone gone to eternity in the next last few hours. Lord, Father, just in the time perhaps that we've sat here, Lord Jesus, we certainly understand, God, that we each one don't know when our number is going to be pulled from the rack, so to speak, when we're going to get to go over there, Lord. But we ask God for that family just now that you'll bring comfort, Lord Jesus. And I don't know whether what their that man's spiritual condition was, but we pray for those Lord Jesus that are around him or her husband hurt his wife. Lord, we pray God that Lord, if she's not right and she's still here, Father, she still has a chance to be with you and to get with you and have her sins covered. We ask for her salvation and for her saving, Lord Jesus, just now bless that family and comfort them and be with them in a special way. Lord, once again, we ask God for Bobby and Lois and Aaron. Lord, we ask God that you just bring Aaron, Lord, around, Lord Jesus, and fill him with your Holy Spirit, Father. He needs you, God. Lord, where life is not worth living without you, God. And Lord, and whatever it is, God, that you've allowed to happen, we ask, God, that it'll bring him closer to you. And father that you'll heal him spiritually and then physically also Lord that you'll touch him Lord Jesus touch that whole family Lord we ask God in Jesus name Lord for this blessing in Jesus name amen and amen only believe Only Billy. Only Billy. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Oh, let me believe. All things are possible. Only believe and Lord I receive. Lord I receive. All things are possible. Lord, I receive. Lord, I receive. Lord, I receive. All things are possible. Lord, I receive. Can I just do something that I felt a change in the atmosphere or just feel pulled this way rather than having a worship song service perhaps, but just a rededication. And I know it's not Easter and so forth, but everybody that just wants to give their life aresh to him and say, "God, I want to give you my life. Aresh, want to step out and come up to the altar and say, "Lord Jesus, I want to die to myself. I want to I want to give you myself completely, Lord. I'm counting the cost this morning, Lord. And I'm willing to pay whatever price, the complete price, Lord. Don't let me sherk on my on paying, Lord. not just give you partially me or a little bit of me or Lord, but I want to give you all of me this morning, Lord. Father, this is our heart's desire here at the church, Lord, and me as the pastor, God. Father, if there's any area, Lord Jesus, that's not dead yet, Lord. Show me. I will repent and I will give it to you, Lord. That's the heart of the people that's coming up right now. Coming to you, Lord, standing, Father. You see every heart. You see the motive of every heart, Lord, this morning. And we're all here saying, "Lord Jesus, we give you our self this morning. We bring oursel to the altar because that's what you want. Lord, we so many times ask you for this. Can you do that for me and this for me, but Lord, we do this for you. What do we ever You cared now. Lord, help us. We care also. We love you, Father. We appreciate what you've done, God. And we pray, Lord Jesus, that you'll take every heart, Lord. And Father, this coming week for everybody that's come out of their seats, Lord, and come up and said, "God, I'm willing to pay the price, Lord. Whatever it takes, take more of myself away. And where I'm still in there, God, take it away. Help me, like Paul said, to die daily. Don't let my flesh rise up and take the preeminence. Let your word, let the passion of my heart for you take the preeminence." And Lord, will let us not go out and be the same as we were this last week. Father, may we go out a changed people, Lord, more dedicated to you, Lord, more sensitive to your spirit, to be able to hear your voice in our lives in a much louder way, Lord, in every little thing that we do and say, Father. And help us that every deed that we would do would be pleasing to you, Lord. that it would be a positive thing that we would give a cup of water not offend somebody but Lord let us do the right thing father we ask God that as you see these altars this altar filled with your children Lord Jesus you said your word would not go void Lord and this morning it has not went forth void but Lord I believe it is fallen on each heart this morning Lord and we resurend rededicate ourselves aresh to a walk with you Lord and I pray every man woman and child, God, that you would give him that closer walk with you. Father, for one of these days, we're going to walk and we're not going to be because we'll have this testimony that we please you. We ask this in Jesus name as we give you our hearts aresh. Amen. And amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Raise your hands. Say, "Thank you, Lord. I surren I surrender all to you, Lord. I surrender. We surrender all to you, Lord. Take our life, mold us and shape us, Lord Jesus. Have us ready for the time that lays ahead because we know by the signs of the time. It could happen before tonight. It could happen any time, Lord. We want to be ready. We do not want to fall into the category where the servant said, "My Lord delayeth his coming. Oh, it'll still be a few more years and not be ready." God, we don't want to. Don't let one person in here be in that category, but let us be in the category of those who are ready and waiting for your coming, looking for his coming. Not as a thief in the night, but Lord, we're watching, Lord. We're that they will not take us unaware, Lord, but we'll be aware of it. Father, have us ready for that time, we ask in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. God bless you. You can be seated again. I'll turn the service over to brother Joshua. You do thy will, oh Lord, I want to do thy will, oh Lord, take me, break me, mold me, and make me. I want to do thy will, oh Lord. I want to do thy will, oh Lord. I want to do thy will, oh Lord. Oh, take me and break me, mold me, and make me. I want to do thy will, oh Lord. Touching Jesus is all there really is. And touching Jesus is all that really matterers. And your life will never be the same. And there's only one way to touch him. Just believe when you call on his name. Oh, touching Jesus is all that willing matter. And your life will never be the same. And there's only one way to touch him. It's just believe when you call on his name. One more time. Oh, now touching Jesus is all that really matterers. And then your life will never be the same. And there's only one way to touch him. Just believe when you call on his name. Amen. I am redeemed. Bought with a price. I am redeemed. I've been bought away the price. And Jesus has changed my whole life. If anybody asks you just who I am, you tell them I am redeemed. And where there was hate, love now abides. And where there was confusion, peace now reigns. I'm walking with Jesus. I'm a child of the king and it's all because I am redeemed. Oh, I am redeemed. I've been bought with a price for Jesus has changed my whole life. If anybody asks you just who I am, tell them I am redeemed. And I'll tell of his favor. All tell love his love. All tell love his goodness to me. He purchased my pardon with his own preious blood. And from sin I've been set free. Oh, I am redeemed. I'm bought away the price. Jesus has changed my whole life. And if anybody asks you just who I am, you tell them I am redeemed. Amen. Is it good been good to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Amen. We're dismissed at this time and maybe as we go, let's just sing, you ask me why I'm happy, so I'll just tell you why. As you're dismissed this morning, you ask me why I'm happy, so I'll just tell you why. Because all my sins are gone.
