################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - Bro Joe Adams • 5425 • Sun • Power Restored to the Church - Joe Adams.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-04
Title:   Bro Joe Adams • 5/4/25 • Sun • Power Restored to the Church
Speaker: Joe Adams
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yWIGjlp3tUA
========================================

[Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Morning. Let's just stand. Brother Brad, would you open with a word of prayer? Heavenly Father, we come before you this morning with grateful hearts. Lord, just uh thankful to be in your house. And we just invite you into our presence, Lord. And knowing we're hungering and thirsting for more of you, Father. And we just ask that you would move in a mighty way amongst us. May your words be inspiring to us and encouraging and correcting or whatever we would have need of, Father. We come to the house for uh to hear from you and to have our needs met, Father. So, you know, there's many needs amongst us and we just want to tell you we love you. We appreciate you this morning and just ask that you would move in a mighty way in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Let's open our Bibles and turn to turn to [Music] Psalms chapter 9. Say amen when you find it. I will praise thee, O Lord, with my whole heart. I will show forth all thy marvelous works. back. They shall fall and perish at thy presence. Thou hast rebuked the heathen. Thou hast destroyed the wicked. Thou hast put out their name forever and ever. [Music] But the Lord shall endure forever. He hath prepared his throne for judgment. The Lord also will be a refuge for the oppressed, a refuge in times of trouble. Sing praises to the Lord which dwelleth in Zion. Declare among the people his doings. Have mercy upon me, O Lord. Consider my trouble which I suffer of them that hate me. Thou that liftest me up from the gates of death. The heathen are sunk down in the pit that they made in the net which they hid in their is their own foot taken. the the wicked shall be turned into hell and the nations that forget God. Arise, O Lord, let not man prevail. Let the heathen be judged in thy sight. Put them in fear, O Lord, that the nations may know themselves to be but men. Sila. Amen. Brother, appreciate it. Praise the Lord. Good morning. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. How many coming this morning? Amen. To hear. Amen. And have hearts of expectation. Amen. From the Lord Jesus Christ. that rose 2,000 years ago that promised he'd never leave us nor forsake us and that he will speak to us this morning. Amen. That's what's important is that the Holy Spirit will speak what we have need of today. We're not talking about a historical God. We're talking about a God that is a present God. Amen. You can be seated. Good to have our visitors over here. God bless you all. I hope you all enjoy it this morning. Amen. So, praise the Lord. Amen. And Brother Adam's family, God bless you. Good to have them here with us this morning. He's going to minister. Brother Joe is this morning and this evening. So, we're certainly looking forward to what the Lord will have for us. It's always interesting because I know that Brother Joe dedicates himself 100% to prayer. Amen. And seeking the Lord and to study. And so, Amen. He's going to have some very good wellfixed food for us. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. We're going to do birthdays and anniversaries this morning. just have to go get it. M musicians, if you'll make your way. Amen. And we will have a fellowship dinner. Amen. But a Joe, he got things besides his chicken. So he says anybody that didn't bring something, we're going to have plenty for everybody. So, Amen. Everybody's welcome. Amen. It's safe for fellowship. Amen. Our fellowship dinner. And then we'll have a service. Amen. Again, at 2:30, I believe it is. Amen. Don't know what's going on with my voice. Amen. But anyway, God is good, isn't he? All right, everybody has a birthday in the month of May. Amen. Month of May. If you want to come up, we'll sing happy birthday to you. That it any can we tattletail on anybody? No. All right. There you go. There's one title too, right? It's Alicia. All right. A happy birthday to you. A happy birthday to you. May you feel Jesus near every day of the year. A happy birthday to you. A happy birthday to you. the best one you've ever [Applause] [Music] had. Anyone with an anniversary in May, if you would just come up and we'll we'll sing to you. Brother Ber, Sister Donna, I won't put Brother Ber on a spot. How many years, Sister Donna? 42. 42. He He's on He's on track. Praise the Lord. There you go. There you go. Okay, Sister Beck. A happy anniversary to you. A happy anniversary to you. We feel Jesus near every day of the year. A happy anniversary to you. Happy to you and the best for you [Music] ever. God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. We have a Lord's blessed us over the last several months. Amen. The Lord's growing the church a little bit. Amen. By the grace and help of the Lord. Amen. And so we're uh we're just so glad to have brother Devon and Sister Jana. Amen. Horning with us this morning. We're just Amen. privileged they forsaken all. Amen. To forsaken all. Left all behind. Amen. To go to a church where they preach the full gospel. Amen. To where they can grow in the Lord and go as deep. Amen. As the Holy Spirit leads. Jesus said, "I have yet many things to say unto you, but I cannot now. But when the sp Holy Spirit, when the comforter has come, he will tell you. He will lead you into all truth. So, how many knows there's more truth to go into? Jesus couldn't say it all. Amen. And so, when you put a period behind what you believe, you get in a lot of trouble. You got to keep a comma. Amen. And that's what a lot of churches have done. Well, this is what we believe. And if you show us more light and more truth and we're wrong, we're just not accepting that truth. We're going to stay with what we we want to believe. And as you can see whether it's all the different traditions, the different things that people uh you know we could go a long ways on it but people pretty much want to have the kind of religion whatever they want they want to add to the Bible where they want to add on it or make you do this that or the other that's not even scriptural. You know how many knows the pope is the perfect example of that. Catholicism is the mother of organized religion. Amen. And they made Peter they said Peter was the first pope. I'm sorry but Peter wasn't the first pope. He was a married man. first to be to begin with. Ain't that right? And so it's just, you know, they just do what they want. They think they can change it where they want and so forth. But Amen. But we want to pray with them. Amen. As they uh have God has laid on their heart to journey with us. Amen. And so we want to ask God's blessing on them. If y'all would come up this morning and we just want to pray, Amen. God's blessing to rest upon you. And Amen. that brother Brad if you'll come and just ask God that he would help them. Amen. We how many knows? We just want to uh ask that God uh that they would be able to be edified here because that's what the five-fold ministry is for is for the edification of the body of Christ. And make you may you two grow into the full stature of Christ. Everything that the scripture says that we should be. Amen. Like pe second Peter 1, I think it is said, add to your uh faith knowledge and temperance and virtue and patience and godliness. and then cap it off with perfect love. Amen. Amen. And so may you grow into that stature and we know that that is a journey. Amen. So u and we just pray that we'll be able to be a blessing to y'all. Amen. And we are behind you. Amen. Anything you ever need, the saints, we are a body here. Amen. Anything you ever need, you just let us know. Amen. We'll do all that we can to help them. Amen. On this life's journey. Amen. And may we grow to the rapture together. Amen. And how many of these? That's our goal is to meet the Lord in the air and to be ready to meet the Lord in the air. Amen. Amen. Lord Jesus, we come before you this morning, Lord. And we just asking, God, that you'll just bless Brother Devon and Sister Jana, Father, as they walk with us, Lord Jesus, towards that rapture, towards that meeting in the air, Lord, looking ourselves, examining ourselves to see whether we're in the faith or not, ever growing closer to you, Lord Jesus, as we listen to your Holy Spirit speaking to us daily, monthly, weekly, hourly, every minute, Lord, listening to what you're saying to us, Father, changing us from glory to glory, making us better Christians, Lord, each time that we come to church, we examine ourselves to see, Lord, where we can be better than what we were before, Father. And we ask your blessing upon this couple, Lord Jesus, as we journey with them now, Father. May their every footsteps reflect Jesus Christ. And may they grow into the perfect image of Christ and what you have imagined and thought of for them to be and for all of us, Lord. Bind this church together ever more, Lord Jesus. And help us, Lord Jesus, to thwart the enemy at every turn. Amen. And to quench every fiery dart of the wicked, Lord. Grant them faith, Lord Jesus, and love like never before. Bless him now, we ask in Jesus' name. Amen. And amen. God bless you. Amen. How many's ready to worship the Lord? Amen. Somebody give him a shout. Glory. God is good, isn't he? Amen. God is worthy to be praised. Amen. So, we'll turn it over to brother David. Amen. And we'll begin to worship the Lord. Tenderize your hearts. Amen. As you close your eyes perhaps or however you feel led to sing. Amen. And talk to the Lord so that when that word comes in, Amen. comes out, Amen. comes to you. Amen. and the ground will be nice and soft and tender for it to fall down. Amen. Into fertile ground. God bless you. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. We're looking forward to a good day. Oh yeah. Thank you, brother David. That was very good. Also, um we're going to do something. Amen. We want to Brother Tommy said something. It'd be nice to have a housewarming shower or something for them. when we just decided instead of having a house warming shower or whatever, we'll just take a house warming all love offering for him this morning. Would that be okay? Amen. So, the offering this morning, Brother Brian, if it's all right, we're just going to let that go to them. Anybody wants to give a little something? Amen. Just to uh let them know that we care. Amen. And make sure they get a good start. Amen. God bless you. Man, I know how it is easy to forget things because I'm 11 days older than he is. So, I have to remind him and he has to remind me. Amen. God is good, ain't he? Let's stand this morning and sing that little course. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his gates with praise. God bless you, brother. It's good to have you here this morning. Amen. I forgot your name, but the Lord knows and that's all that matters. Well, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. Oh, I will endure a scorch with gra. Oh yes, where I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice me glad. Oh yes. Oh, and he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad when I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. Well, I will rejoice for he once again this morning. Well, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. Oh, I will rejoice for heath. Can we sing it to him one more time? Well, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with great praise. Well, I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. Oh, I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, and he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. I will reach for he has made me glad. [Applause] Oh, he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for him. Amen. Amen. He abides this morning. Are you glad he abides in your heart and life this morning? And God bless you. It's good to have our visitors and Chris and Caitlyn. God bless you. just glad to I knew what your name was, but I forgot so I wrote it down. God bless you. And Zoe, it's good to have you here this morning. And Amen. each and every one of the home folks, God bless you. Well, I'm rejoicing night and day. Oh, as I walk this narrow way for the hand of God in all my life, I sing and the reason of my bliss. Yes, a secret all is that the comforter abides with me. Well, he abides. Oh, he abides. His hallelujah. He abides with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk to stare away for the com with me. Now once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within till I heard how Jesus died upon the tree. Well, then I fell down at his feet and there came a beast so sweet. Now the comforter abides with me. Well, he abides. Oh, he abides. Yes. Hallelujah. He abides with me. Well, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk this narrow way for the God with me. I like this verse. Well, he is with me everywhere and he knows my every care and I'm as happy as just as free for the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul. Now the comforter abides with me. Well, he abide. Oh yes. Well, he abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. Oh yes. Well, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk this narrow way for the comfort abide with me. Now there's no thirsting for the pain of this world. They've taken wings long ago. I can't instantly all my life start today. All my burdens roll away. Now the cover abides with me. Well, he abides. Oh, he abides. Well, hallelujah. Rejoice in my name as I walk the street waiting for the divide with me. Oh, he abides. Yes, he abides. Well, hallelujah. He abides with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day. Stare away for the abide with me. Amen. Are you glad he abides this morning? Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. You may be seated. God bless you. It's good to have brother Brad's mom and dad with us this morning and just appreciate them being here this morning. And let's sing that song if we could. My God is real this morning. You believe he's real this morning? Amen. Well, there are some things. Well, I may not know. And there are some places I can't go. But I am sure of this one thing. [Music] That God is real. I can't feel him in [Music] my God is real. But he's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed and he's made me whole. His love for me. is like you. My God is real. I can't in my soul. Some may die. Some folks face. All can go on and leave me alone. But as for me, I'll take God's heart. For God is real. I can see in my heart. My God is real. Yes, he's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed and made me whole. His love for [Music] me is my God is real. I can't be in my soul and I cannot be just how you feel. when Jesus took your sins away. But since that day, oh yes, since that hour, God has been real. I can be his holy power. My God is real. He's really my s My God is free for he has washed and he's made me whole. His love for [Music] me is like you. My God is real. I can my [Music] soul. Amen. How many remembers the day he washed your sins away? When you accepted him in your life? Amen. But since that day, oh, since that hour, my God has been real. For I can't feel his holy power. Oh yes, my God is real. Oh yes, he's in my soul. My God is for me [Music] [Music] is my soul. Amen. Aren't you glad he's real? And this next song we're going to sing this morning, I I love this song. It's a newer song and and the very first time I ever heard it, it just really spoke to my heart. The goodness of God this morning, Brother Carson. Amen. And it says, "From the moment that I lay down, you know, we have security alarms in our houses and we have all kind of this and that, but there's nothing like the Lord Jesus watching over you this morning." Amen. Amen. Let's just stand and just close your eyes and put everybody aside and say, "I I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hand." Yes, Lord. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head and I will receive of the goodness of [Music] God. All my life you have been faithful. Yes, Lord. Oh, all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. In darkness, you are most like I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I reached in the goodness of God. Yes, Lord. And all my life you have been faithful. Yes, Lord. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I [Music] am, oh, I will sing of the goodness of [Music] God. All my life you have been faithful. Yes, Lord. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. Has he been good to you? Amen. Amen. Yes, Lord. We thank you. We praise your [Music] name. You have been so so good. Yes, Lord. Oh yes. With every breath that I am aable. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Let's sing it with no music. And all my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. [Music] With every breath that I am aable, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been heling your hand from the moment that I wake up till I lay my head and I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, Lord. once again to him. And all my life you have been faithful. Yes, Lord. All my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. You may be seated this morning. And man, brother Michael John and brother Paul and brother Glenn, would you come help them take up the offering this morning? Remember, the offering goes to uh Devin and Sister Jana. This morning we have several prayer requests we want to take to the Lord in prayer this morning. And sister Hannah asked that we'd remember sister Lisa Gizendoner in prayer and her family. Her brother passed away yesterday unexpectedly. They asked that we'd remember the family in prayer and also little SA and Haven are sick this morning and brother Austin and them are not able to be here this morning. We want to remember them in prayer this morning that God would continue to be with them. also uh uh continue to remember our shut in Sister Peggy and most of you know Sister Parish is back in the hospital. We want to continue to remember her in prayer. The enemy is mad this morning and he's fighting but we just want to claim the victory this morning and also uh uh continue to remember brother Glenn and sister Sherry in prayer and sister Donna and Amen. We just want to continue to remember hold them up in prayer that that God will just be with them. And also Jan's not here this morning and she's been doing really good this this week and the enemy just attacked her this morning. Her breath was not being what it was. She's having to be on a lot of oxygen. So just remember her and she said she was going to try to come in late. If you have need on your heart this morning, you might let it be known with the uplifted hand. And brother Troy, would you stand and take these needs to the Lord in prayer? Amen. Thy loving kindness, thy loving kindness is better than life. For thy loving kindness, oh is better than thine, my lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. Oh, I will lift up my hand to God. I lift you is kind of by kindness. Oh, he's better than life. My lips shall praise me. Thus will I bless thee. Oh, I will lift up my [Music] hand. Amen. You're next. [Music] Lord, I'm desperate for your power. I need a miracle. Lord, I'm desperate for your touch. I need a [Music] miracle. Heaven's floor is shaking. Healing. Rain is falling. I am healed. I know I am. For my God, he says I am. Come with me. My faith will stand. I am healed. I know I am. You are speaking. Faith is rising. I need a miracle. Christ my healer. The work is done. I am my miracle. I am healed. I know I am. For my God, he says I am. Come with me. My faith will stand. I am healed. I know I am. Sickness, you have no power here. Darkness, you have no power here. Chaos, you have no power here. Sickness, you have no power here. Darkness, you have no power here. In Jesus' name, I am healed. I know I am. For my God, he says I am. were made. My faith will stand. I am healed. I know I am. I am healed. I know I am. [Music] [Applause] Amen. How many believes you're healed this morning? He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Well, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. Oh, he's on time. My God. Yes. Once again this morning. Well, he's an [Music] [Applause] a God. Yes. Well, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right away. [Music] That's right. Alrighty. I'd like to take about one minute and just tell you guys something. This morning on our way to church with my lovely wife driving, all of a sudden I went into a tunnel vision and it was like I wasn't even there. So I told the men when we were in the prayer room and they prayed for me. Brother Joe, Brother, uh, Brother David, Brother Steve, all of the good saints in this church, they prayed for me. And guess what? We're going to stay for the second service, honey. Okay, that's right. The Lord is good. He just said, "Man up and let's do it." Okay. All right. Here's a little song for [Music] you. I believe our steps are growing weirier each day. Still I got a journey on my mind. Lures of this old world have ceased to make me want to stay. And my one regret is leaving you behind. But if it proves to be his will that I am first to cross and somehow I have a feeling it will be when it comes your turn to travel. Likewise don't feel lost for I will be the first one that you'll see. I'll be waiting on the far side banks of Jordan. I'll be sitting drawing pictures in the sand. And when I see you coming, I will rise up with a shout and come running through the shallow water, reaching for your hand. [Music] Through this life, we've labored long to earn our meager fair. It's brought us trembling hands and failing eyes. So, I'll just rest here on that shore and turn my eyes away until you come. Then we'll see paradise. And I'll be waiting on the far side banks of Jordan. I'll be sitting drawing pictures in the sand. And when I see you coming, I will rise up with a shout. Handcuff running through the shallow water, reaching for your [Music] hand. And I'll be waiting on the far side banks of Jordan. I'll be sitting drawing pictures in the sand. And when I see you coming, I will rise up with a shout and come running through the shallow water, reaching for your hand. I'll be running through the shallow water, reaching for your hand. [Music] [Applause] Amen. God bless you. Amen. I I appreciate brother Glenn, don't you? And Amen. I you know, I love their testimony, him and Sister Sherry. It's always positive. And you know, her cancer, she's had cancer for a while, and she said, "It's getting this much better, but it's getting this much better." And I think of that song Little by Little. Sister Sherry, God's going to heal you completely. Amen. And what a day it'll be when we get over there, won't it? My there won't be no sugar diabetes. They won't be no overweight people. And my brother Joe was talking about he didn't feel like walking and running. And I thought, boy, we'll be shouting over there, Brother Joe. They won't be no worried about walking. God bless you, Sister Zoe and Sister Lauren and the girls are going to sing Come Ahead this morning. God bless you. [Music] You made a covenant with me. Signed by the blood that still speaks. Now I'm forgiven. I'm called rightuous. I'm made clean. And there at the cross of Calary, you gave it all to purchase me. You are the Savior and the God who sets me free. Now my heart cries, this is my redeemer. With my whole life, I will give you praise and all the glory to the one who's worthy because of Jesus. I have been changed. [Music] You made a way for me to enter into your holy place forever. Now I am hid and I am covered. I found peace and into your likeness you transformed me, making me holy like you're holy. No longer I Christ who lives in me. Now my heart Christ. This is my redeemer. with my whole life. I will give you praise and all the glory to the one who's worthy because of Jesus. I have a change. You bring freedom to the captives, good news to the poor, healing to the broken, and joy to those who mourn. You turn ashes into beauty. Ruins you to restore. I am a testimony of the goodness of the Lord. You bring freedom to the captives, good news to the poor, healing to the broken, joy to those who mourn. You turn ashes into beauty, ruins you to restore. I am a testimony of the goodness of the Lord. Now my heart cries, "This is my redeemer. In my whole life, I will give you praise and all the glory to the one who's worthy because of Jesus. I have been changed and all the glory to the one who's worthy because of Jesus. I have been changed. [Music] [Applause] the order of service. How many's got a need this morning? Amen. Amen. You know, if we'll just set that set the world aside, set the thoughts of the last week aside. Set everything else aside and say, "Lord, speak to me." Now, if you come to hear from Brother Joe, you're coming for the wrong reason. But if you come to hear from God, God is here to meet your needs. Let's just uh let's just bring Brother Joe out as we sing. Here's my cup. Fill it up. How many wants the Lord just to fill you to this morning? Amen. Here's my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsty of my soul. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Once again with all your hearts. Oh, here's my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Oh yes. is thirsting of my [Music] soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I won't know. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Amen. You have your cups this morning. That's a weak. Amen. Come on, church. Do you have your cups this morning? Amen. I hope they're not full, but I hope they're ready to be filled up by his presence, his power. Well, we certainly count it an honor to be here with you again. We greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus. And want to say, Brother Thomas, thank you for the invite and the confidence you have in us to have us back. And you know, your pastor and I, we we got to spend the last couple days together making great memories. We made great memories last year. We made even better memories this year. We're not going to tell it. We'll start laughing. But we had some good times together. And count it an honor to be here with him. I count him as a special friend. And I love you, brother Thomas, and thank you for your friendship. And we have Mimi and Poppy here with us this morning. And you know, there's something about Mimi. She There's people that you just meet for the first time and they just instantly grow on you. Come on, anybody? Come on. Come on. We're just family here this morning. Well, when I met Mimi and Poppy, they just grew on me real quick. And there's something about Mimi she's not going to tell you. Deep down inside that UK blood, there's a stream of orange that that just flows down. She's a secret Tennessee fan. She's like, "No, you don't." She despises Tennessee. But you know what? We're going to have to convert her. But that's all right. We'll work on that another time. But we're certainly glad to have y'all with us this morning. So, thank you for for coming and we uh we trust that the Lord will bless you in this service. I want to uh if we could this morning just go to prayer and then we're going to pick up here in Acts three. I want to speak to you what I ministered on the last couple weeks ago when I was here on power restored to the church. And I I'm struggling over the subtitle stimulated by revelation or as brother Glenn would say, man up and let's do it. I mean, brother Glenn, I was back there. That just fired me up. Sometimes we just need to man up. Take God at his word and just do it and say, "Lord, it ain't up to me. It's up to you. You gave the promise. It's in your word. I believe it. I don't care how I feel. I don't care what I'm looking at. It doesn't matter how far my kids are straying. I'm going to man up. I'm going to believe. I'm going to take you at your word and I'm going to trust in the impossible because he's God. So, let's just go to him in prayer. Father, we bow our hearts and our heads to you today, Lord. And what a great privilege we have as your people to come in your house, Lord, to honor you, to set the cares of life aside just for a few minutes this morning and invite the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords into our midst. But Lord, we don't invite you just in these four walls, but we invite you into the corridors of our heart this morning. God, may you minister to every heart, every life, every need, every family situation. God, do what man's not able to do. Lord, a man can study and he can labor into the word, but Father, it takes your anointing. It takes your direction to go down that vein, Lord God, and minister to a need and minister to a heart, Lord, and move a man off his notes, per se, Father, and just speak to the people. So, Lord, we're here as a willing vessel this morning, and we're inviting you to speak, Lord. You see the needs in the body this morning. Those that raised their hands, Father, great need that's represented there. May you meet that need. May we go out of this place, Lord. And may we be like those on the road to us. May then our hearts burn within us as he talked with us. Lord, it's not me as a man talking to him, but it's me as a willing vessel yielded, set aside, and allowing the spirit of God to to speak to the people today, Father. So, we we just invite you and ask that you bless his service now in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. So, Acts 3 and verse one, it says, "Now Peter and John went up together to the temple at the hour of prayer, being the ninth hour, and a certain lame man from his mother's womb was carried, whom they laid daily at the gate of the temple, which is called beautiful, to ask alms of them that entered into the temple, who seeing Peter and John about to go into the temple, asked of alms. And Peter fastening his eyes upon him with John said, Look on us." And he gave heed unto them, expecting to receive something of them. And Peter said, "Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have give I thee. In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and walk." And he took him by the hand or by the right hand and lifted him up. And immediately his feet and his ankle bones received strength. Does Bible doesn't say he sat back down. Come on, church. Bible doesn't say he was quiet as a church mouse. He was afraid of what just happened. He was terrified about what just took place. The Bible says that he leaping up stood and walked and entered in with them into the temple. Notice where he went immediately after his healing. Bible said he went to church. He went into the synagogue walking and leaping and praising God. And all the people, not just a handful of the people, but all the people saw him walking and praising God. And they knew that it was he which sat for arms at the beautiful gate of the temple. And they were filled with wonder and amazement at that which would happened unto him. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. Also, before we get started, I did want to say thank you for welcoming my daughter Lauren into your church, into your lives. She's a special girl and Weston's got one of the best in Louisiana had to offer. I believe he knows that. Come on. Yeah. I believe that not just cuz she's my daughter, but it does help. But I want to look here this morning on powered restored to the church. And we have two services days and I have plenty of material. So I had to figure out where we're going to cut and divide. But we're going to do a two-part series this morning picking back up and maybe we'll have to even continue at later services. And you know, sometimes as good as a minister, you you can kind of carry a th several times and several, you know, services through just to kind of drive different points of it because it's too much just to be able to take it in one service, especially when we only have an hour because there's not much, you know, our bottoms can't handle much more than an hour, hour and 15, 20 minutes. Your stomachs can't handle it either. Come on, smile this morning. But we look here and we find Peter and John, as we said last time, they just left Pentecost. And here they going, they go into the temple about the hour of prayer. And they find this lame man. He's got his cup up, raising it up, asking. You know, sometimes we come to church. You know, maybe we're a little bit more desperate than others. Other services or times we got our cup lifted up. Fill my cup, Lord. I need a touch this morning. Lord, there's things going on in my life, Lord. There's things in my family that I don't understand or situations that I can't figure out. I have my cup lifted, Lord, and you're just waiting for somebody to drop something into that cup. Well, here they come. John and Peter come to the the house of God in the hour of prayer to be made. And Peter, no doubt full of compassion, looked down and saw this beggar. You know, he didn't have money. He didn't have wealth. He didn't have silver. He didn't have gold. But he had something that far exceeded money. He had something inside of him that went far beyond the value of silver and gold. He had met Jesus Christ. Notice, not only did he meet G, he met the person behind the person of Jesus. He met the power behind the man that opened blinded eyes. The power that raised the dead, a power that healed the sick, a power that gave that gave strength to the the weak and feeble. He met the God of Jesus Christ. [Music] No, he walked with them for three and a half years, but it's one thing to walk with them, but it's another thing to have him dwelling on the inside of you. So, when he went to Pentecost, no longer was it story time where well, I fish with them and no, he said, "Let down the net." And I let it down. And you know, I argue with him a little bit cuz I'm a fisherman and I was born to do this and you know, we just went to those waters. But when he said, "Let down the net." And there was something inside of me. He said, "You better obey. You better listen. You better do what he says." And I let down the net. And we caught a whole draw of fish. Oh, but I'm talking to you about there's something greater than this that was now living on the inside of Peter. There was something more powerful than just doing what he said, but now was acting in his behalf. You know here they are going going to the temple and this compassion overwhelmed Peter. You know sometimes as a minister the compassion for the needs of the people overwhelm you. You wish you had the ability to remove them from the situation. You wish you had the answer to their life's question. or you wish you can take and then put your hands on them immediately and see them recover because you're full of compassion. And we find here Peter, you know what did Peter have? And I love how brother Ben would tell us in what does the Holy Ghost he said what he had? He had faith. Faith. Because notice without faith it's impossible to please God. I don't care how long you've been a a believer. I don't care how long you've been a member of the church. I don't care how long, you know, if you you dressed right and you did all the right things. And there's a lot of people doing a lot of right things and don't have faith. But notice when Jesus says, you know, when he comes back, will he find faith? He's looking for faith in a people. People that will take him at his word, not take what the doctors say, not take the doctor's report. Well, you got this and you got that and you know it's a box of rattlesnakes and you know and everybody loves the UPS man. We love to get packages at our house. Let me tell you, I don't like the wrong packages. If it ain't got my name on it, kick it over to the neighbor's house, I don't want it. And if it's a box of rattlesnakes, I definitely don't want it. Don't sign for something that don't belong to you this morning. You're a child of God. You're a son of God. You're a daughter of God. God's got promises stored up for you. Don't accept something that don't belong to you today. But Peter had faith in the word of God. And not only that, he had faith in the God that he met. He had faith in what just happened to him at Pentecost because now his life was forever changed. Tommy, there's no going back to that lifestyle. Brother Glenn, there's no going back to that lifestyle. Come on, somebody. Preach with me this morning. There ain't no going back because you met the God of the Bible. No longer. You didn't just meet him in a church service. You didn't just meet him by reading your Bible, but he came by the Holy Ghost power and filled you. The God of the Bible now dwelling in humanity. And Peter says, "I got faith." Yeah. See, something something got in his heart. I remember when I got filled with the Holy Ghost, right? My there's never no going back. Woke up one day and my my my the desires changed, the nature changed, everything just seem to change. No, Peter, brother B would say like this. Peter said, "I fished with them out pulling in the fish and I've done these different things. I seen him heal the sick. He kept telling me the father that's in me, but when I leave, he's going to come into you. So, I couldn't understand that, and none of us can either. Notice, but he said, now he goes, I don't expect you to understand it. I He goes, "You don't understand these things. You just get them. I don't understand it yet." And and and he told me that he would do it because you don't. He says, he goes, "No." He said, "I can't understand it. I can't explain them. But the only thing is I got it." Yeah. A lot of times we try to rationalize. We try to figure it out. Some of us are great intellectual thinkers. Thank God I'm not. I just like to be simple and dumb. Dumb enough to be simple but smart enough to believe. But nevertheless, he couldn't understand it. I can't explain it. But the only thing I know is I got it. See, there are things that God does that we will never understand. There is things that God does that we will never be able to explain. never to know. Nevertheless, God knows what he's doing. His ways are perfect. And if his ways are perfect, he is perfect. His His word is perfect, his timing is perfect, therefore his outcomes are perfect. Oh, hallelujah. You can't go wrong by trusting in this God. So, I can't understand it. I can't explain it. But the only thing I know is I got it. He say, "Brother Joe, do you know the hour, the minute, the second that you got the Holy Ghost?" Uh-uh. But I got it. Many times I rack my brain around the night I gave my heart to the Lord. I can't remember the date, but I can remember that night. And I can tell you I got it. You know, Brother Bam tells a story about Benjamin Franklin. He said, "There was a man one time. He began to see lightning flash and thought, well, there's something to that. There's a power there. Notice we're preaching on power restored to the church. And he he noticed there was a flash in the skies and he said there's a power there and he took a key and he put it on a kite tail flying it around and he caught he said he caught the electric come down and the wire hit the bottle and he caught the electricity and he began to scream I got it. I got it. But he didn't know what he had. And brother Bam said, "That's like a lot of us in church. We got it. We got it." And we don't really know what we got. He didn't know what he had. But I think that he said, "Maybe it's just like a whole lot of us when we find Christ, we sing and and and know I got it. I got it." That's about as much as we know about it. But notice there come Thomas Edison. There comes somebody that could recognize if if that has enough power there to create light and Abra I mean and Benjamin Franklin has it. And he goes and I got it. He goes and I want the benefits of it. A lot of things we got it. We got it. We got it. But yet what about the benefits of having it? What about the benefits about being a son and daughter of God? Didn't David say in the Psalms, "He daily loadeth me with benefits." And sometimes we walk around dragging in the house of God and so overwhelmed by this and so overwhelmed by that. But what about the benefits? We got it. Can I tell you this morning, we got the same power. We got the same anointing and we got the benefits of being a child of God. We got the rewards of being a daughter of God. That's right. We don't have to go down in defeat. We got it, church. And we know what we got. It's one thing to scream and shout, "I got it. I got it." And walk out of here defeated. But to scream and shout and know that you got it. Know that you met him. Know that he came down. Know that he filled you. And you know what you got this morning. And it's a lifesaving power. I got it this morning. What do you got? I got the same power, the same anointing, the same Holy Ghost that was promised on that day. I got it. You may like, man, Brother Joe, if that's what you got, I don't want it. I tell you, I got it. Amen. Power restored back to the church. It may not make you act like me, but you're going to act the way God intended for you to act. Some of you may be so overwhelmed with emotion that you just begin to cry. Some of you may just stand up and shout. Some of you just may begin to run about. I was at a church when I left here. I went to North Carolina and I preached the first part of this at that church. And at the end of the service, some young man got up under the anointing of the Holy Spirit and ran around the entire church a couple times. Why? Because he had it. It was no longer just words on the page. It was no longer just a preacher's mentality. He had it. He received it. And it so overtook him. And Thomas Edison, he worked tirelessly night after night, wire after wire. He didn't get discouraged when he failed. Come on. He didn't get discoura. Hey Gideon, how you doing, my friend? I expect to see you on the front row. What are you doing? You done got backsliding on me? My my my. That's my buddy right there. But he tried this wire, it didn't work. This wire, it didn't work. This wire, different gauge, different conduit, different types. You know, he didn't get discouraged. And many times, you know, you try this and and you try that, it seems like this is not creating the right kind of current. This is not but you know, it's not lighting up the the incandescent in the bulb. But brother Ram said there was something inside of Edison's heart. He knew if he saw it light up there, then it could light down here. And what am I telling you Lord? If the word could work back in that day, it's got to work again in this day. Because it's the same power that's in the skies is now living in men and women and sons and daughters of God. It's the same anointing. Don't leave it in the skies. God sent you a prophet that went up there and brought it down and said, "Now I can live in the people. Power restored back to the church. an anointing to give you overcoming victory. He believed with all his heart. Therefore, he kept working. Therefore, he kept praying. Some of you have put those children. He gave them to the to the Lord at the at the altar as a little kid, little infant, dedicated them to God. They grow up. They break your heart. They'll stray. They'll do things. They'll tat theirel up, get theirelves all twisted in drugs. That one didn't work. That one didn't work. That one didn't work. But he kept praying. He kept believing cuz there was something inside of him. Said, "No matter how I feel, no matter what, I know that what Benjamin Franklin got a hold of, if it lit it up there, it can light it down here." What am I telling you? I'm telling you, you don't give up on your children. You don't give up on your sons. You don't give up on your daughters. You don't give up on those things. Why? Because if there's a deep calling, there's a deep going to respond to it. All you got to do is keep trusting. Keep praying. Keep believing. Say, "God, I know. I don't know when. I don't know how, but something inside of them is calling out. It's got to happen. It's got to light up because your word declares it." Notice, see, he believed with his cup of coffee and a sandwich, he worked all night. If one wire didn't work, he wasn't discouraged. Many times we get discouraged though. How many of you have ever been discouraged? Only about three or four of y'all, huh? Hallelujah. Man, you your preaching is better than we expected. You know, but we as Christians, things don't seem to go our way. We get discouraged. Come on. Even preachers get discouraged. All right. We get discouraged. And you know, and we just begin to wonder. We begin to question. We begin to ponder. How many of you familiar with Corey Tinboom? She said, "If you look at the world, you'll be distressed. If you look within, you'll be depressed. But if you look to God, you'll be at rest. You look at the world today, there's no satisfaction in the world today. There's no joy. There's no peace in the world today. And and if you look within, my my my if you look within, you'll see your imperfections. You'll be, you know, you question, how can it be? Why did he choose me? Or am I even chosen? I mean, the thoughts, the battle that runs through our minds as humans, especially in those low and weak moments that we go through. But she said, "If you look to God, you'll be at rest." But see, that's what we got to do is turn our eyes off of ourselves. Turn our eyes off of the world. Let me just say, turn your eyes off other churches, what God is doing in other churches, and turn your eyes to him. Notice we one of the great reminders that we have is to look to Jesus and live. You know, you're going to find peace, it's going to be in Jesus. You're going to find rest, it's going to be in Jesus. You're going to, you know, you want to be sheltered in his arms of mercy and grace. It's not going to be in some organization. It's not going to be in some man's idea. It's not going to be in some dogma, something handed down through traditions. But the only way we find those things is to find Jesus. And you look in the Bible and he would tell them in the Old Testament when they were bitten by a brazen serpent, he said, "Look to the serpent." The brazen serpent, "Look to that serpent and if you look to it, you'll live." And I'm here to tell you what was that representing sin already judged. And in the New Testament, he said, "Look to Jesus." Why? Because he was the atonement for sin. And in this day, church, we're not looking to a brazen serpent, but we're looking back to the word of God. looking back to the promise of God, looking back to Jesus Christ, the author and the finisher of our faith. Look to him this morning and live Hallelujah. Now, let me ask you a question. How many of you have ever worried? Oh, that was Nobody's doing this, are they? Maybe just a just a little. We all I'm gonna say it again. How many of you have ever worried? There we go. Class participation. You're supposed to be the preacher. Would you just preach and leave us out? We all have worried at some point. We have all have worried and in the we hours of the night wrestle it out. Kind of like Jacob wrestling with that angel trying to figure it out and make this work here. And if I could just do this, it'll happen. If I do this, it'll happen. It'll never work the way you think it in your mind. And all your working ain't going to change a thing. And if your nature likes some of us that are super compulsive about certain things and want everything to be perfect, you'll be disappointed. And Corey Tinboom, I'll tell you what she quoted about worry. She says, "Worrying is carrying tomorrow's load with today's strength." So say that again, Brother Joe. Thank you. I will. Worrying is carrying tomorrow's load with today's strength. Amen. Sing carrying two days at once. It's moving into tomorrow ahead of time. Worrying doesn't empty tomorrow of its sorrows. It empties today of its strength. Worrying doesn't empty tomorrow of its sorrows. Listen to me, church. It empties today of its strength. And the Bible says, "This is the day that the Lord hath made." Amen. I'm going to rejoice and be glad in this day. Tomorrow is tomorrow. And we find in Matthew 6, it says, "Therefore say unto you, take no thought for your life. What you shall eat, or what you shall drink, nor yet for your body, what you shall put on is not the life more than meat and the body than raignment. Behold the fowls of the air, for they sow not, neither do they reap, neither do they gather in barns. Yet your heavenly father feedth them. Are you not much better than they? Which of you? My my my I wish I could do this. Tommy, I know you're right there with me. Say amen. I'm gonna finish this. You better know the rest of this scripture. Which of you by taking any thought can add one cubic to his stature? Some of y'all laughing. Little uh y'all little be quiet now. I'm going to be quiet. I'm going to be good this morning. I ain't going to say nothing cuz I remember the first time I came I said something. I ain't they ain't let me live that down yet. But none of us I mean hey man since I was a kid I wanted to be six foot tall and bulletproof. Well, I'm 5 foot five and I had to I shrunk an inch and a half in the last few years. But we can't add anything to our stature, but yet we make so much up in our minds. If I could do this and if I was this, if I was, you know, I used to tell myself when I was come out of high school, I'm trying to I try out for a college football team and I had bigger heart than anybody on the team that I played with, but I was the littlest man on the front line. I'm like, man, if I just had the size, I'd be man, I'd be ruthless on that front line. I'd be a bulldog, brother Tommy. But you know what? You're stuck with 5'6 at the time. 5'6 and a half. You don't get much off the front line at 5'6 and a half. But we find here what he says in Matthew 6. Why take you thought for your raignment? Consider the liies of the field, how they grow. They tore not, neither do they spin. And yet I say unto you that even Solomon all of his glory was not a raid like one of these. Wherefore if God so clothe the grass of the field which is today and tomorrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you and you of oh you a little faith. Therefore take no thought saying what shall we eat or what shall we drink or whether all shall we be clothed? See for your heavenly father knoweth that which we have need of. And he says but seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all these things will be added unto you. Take therefore no thought for tomorrow. Here it is. I'm tying that quote in or that quote from Corey Tenboom. Take no thought for tomorrow. For tomorrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil there. We have enough to contend with today to be worrying about tomorrow's load and tomorrow's guilt and tomorrow's cares and tomorrow's affairs. Let's deal with today while we have today. So worrying is like carrying tomorrow's load with today's strength. Let's just leave that alone. Brother asked brother Brandon one time or he was telling a story about a a colored brother there and he said I I believe a Bible and and he was you know toting it to work and he couldn't read brother Thomas and his boss and he said now John he goes why are you toing that Bible? You can't read. He said because I believe it. Eyes believe it. Some of us need to say that this morning I believe it. But you can't read. That's all right. I believe it. I believe it from kiver to kiver. And I believe the giver, too. No. Sometimes it'll do us good to tell the devil, I believe it from giver to giver. And I believe the kiver, too. He said, oh. He says, then more than that, boss. He says, I'm going to stand on this Bible. He says, because if I stand on this Bible, it's better than standing in heaven. He said, what do you mean, John? It's better than standing in heaven. He says, "Because heavens and earth will pass away, but my word will not pass away and I'm standing on the word. And when you're standing on the word, church, heavens and earth can come. Hell can come against you. But you're standing on the rock. You're standing on the promise. You're standing on the word. And there's power in the word. There's power in the blood of Jesus Christ. Lord, Lord, there's power, restored power. This ain't just something from history books, some history lesson. No. If it's a history lesson, throw the thing in the garbage. But this is not a history lesson. He's a present tense God. He's a present tense Jesus. He has what you have need of this morning. Cory Chin Boon would make another quote. She said, "When a train go throughs a goes through a tunnel and it gets dark, you don't throw away the ticket and jump off." You don't throw away the ticket and jump off. You sit still and trust the engineer. When a train goes through a tunnel, Brother Joe, and it gets dark. How many of you ever been on a train ride? My, it gets dark. All the lights go out and all you You don't throw the ticket away and jump off the train. No, you sit there believing we're coming out of this tunnel. We're coming out of this darkness. There's going to be light at the end of this thing. And there are many times in our lives that we enter into dark tunnels. There's many times we get into difficult trials and maybe we question, why am I here? How did I get here? What did I do to deserve this? Ain't none of y'all ever said that in Kentucky. Have you see Job? Think about the story of Job. And I think I mentioned to you last time I was here as I just read the story of Job all the way through. And you know, Job didn't do anything to deserve what the Lord allowed him to go through. But notice the conversation that the Lord had, God had with Satan, his archeneemy. Have you considered my servant Job? Notice he didn't say, "Have you considered Job?" He was stating a claim. Staking a claim that he's my servant. Job belongs to me, Satan. And what am I telling you this morning? Bride of Jesus Christ. You may be under attack. You may be going through a lot. But I want you to know your heavenly father has already said, "Have you considered my bride that there ain't a bride like her in all the land? That she'll not defect from my word? She'll trust me. She'll believe for me. Though I put sickness on her, though you put this on her, she's not going to curse me. She's not going to deny me. She's going to stand on my word. [Applause] Notice God put a claim on Job that he was his servant. And God had confidence in Job. He had confidence in Job's experience. And God has confidence in you this morning. Brother Joe, when you went through that dark season, God had confidence in what he put on the inside. Come on, church. A lot of times we look on the outside and say, "Well, you know what? Ain't no way. There ain't no way. They must have done this. They must have done that." But what you can't see, what God sees. He sees the seed that he placed on the inside. And he knows just like that train, if it's got to get to its destination, there's going to be some dark tunnels. There's going to be some low valleys. There's going to be some high mountain tops. But ain't nothing going to stop that train cuz it's going to arrive at its destination. And what am I telling you? If you a true born again son and daughter of God, he placed a predestinated CG on the inside. And there ain't enough devils, there ain't enough hardships, there ain't enough trials that can stop that because power has been restored back to you this morning. And it energizes that seed and it brings that seed to life. When it gets dark, Brother Tommy, hold that. Hold that ticket. When it gets challenging, Brother Thomas, hold that ticket. When life gets difficult, come on, somebody hold that ticket in your hand. When the nights get long and the days get dark and weary and you wonder, "How am I going to make it? Why are we going through this? Why are we going through that?" Can I tell you? Hold that ticket in your hand. You got the token this morning. There's churches out there and the prophet of God said there's been churches, churches and brides, bride, but there must come one. And can I tell you this morning, you are that one. You are that bride. You are that chosen. You are that elect. Power has been restored to you. That train will not stop until it reaches its destination. Hallelujah. I thank God for that. There's times you want to stop. Ain't no jumping off, brother Troy. Stay on. Buckle up. Hold the ticket in your hand. There's no tunnel too dark. There's no valley too deep. But what God's hand is deeper still. There's no mountain top too high. They say, "Oh, you'll never get there. Oh, that's not for you. Oh, that's for the days of miracles has passed." You can't have that. Hogwash. That's a Kentucky term, Louisiana term, Mississippi term. Hogwash. Otherwise, you can take that lie and go to hell with it because we're believing for the impossible this morning. Don't you tell me we can't have it because I'm standing on the word and the word says it's already mine. It's already declared you the victor this [Applause] morning. We look here in Psalms 30 and verse 5. Bible says weeping may endure for the night. But joy, joy cometh in the morning. Now, we've had our nights, Brother Caleb. We've had our nights of weeping. We wet our pillows with tears of sorrow. But joy cometh in the morning. That's right. And if I can turn you this morning just to to idea the revelation that I am a son of God, that I am a daughter of God, all the tears that have been streaming down your face worrying about things you have no control over will dry up in an instant. When you recognize your position in the body, it's it's paramount that we understand who we are in this hour. We can hear some of the greatest preaching and it go right over our head from some of the greatest ministries and it go right over our head. But if you can ever catch that revelation that I am that I am. Come on church. That I am not my neighbor but I am this morning. Not I was or I may be but I am a child of God. I'm no longer a servant to sin. I'm no longer a servant to drugs. I'm no longer a servant to sex tins. No, I'm a child of God. He had made me a son and I am a joint heir with him. Everything that Christ has, I have. Everything that belongs him, it belongs to me. Why? Because I am a joint heir with him. I'm a child of God this morning. I'm a son of God this morning. And he put the word in my heart. Power has been restored to the body. Power has been restored to the church. And guess what it does? It stimulates you. Stimulation from revelation when you understand that's who I am. I never was a pig. I never was a hog. I never don't belong down there. I never was a chicken. I always was an eagle. I always was a child of God. Philippians 4:6 says, "Be careful for nothing. But in everything by prayer. Don't come halfcock, but pray and your supplication. Notice what it says now. Everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving. Otherwise, start thanking the Lord before it happens. A lot of times it's okay. We make prayer, but we ain't making any any thanksgiving on behalf of it. We waiting. Waiting to see. Waiting to see. waiting to see will it will the word take effect. What did Mary say? Be it unto me, Lord, according to thy word. She had to believe for the impossible. Never had it been done before. But I ask you, did it happen? Come on, Mary. Be it unto me this morning. Yeah. Lord. Notice, be careful for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known to God. And the peace of God which passes all understanding shall keep your hearts and your minds through Christ Jesus. And 1 Peter 5:7 says, "Cast all your cares." All your cares. If your family cares, your children cares, your marriage cares, your job cares, your financial cares. Come on. Otherwise, all your worries. Let's take that word care there and put it as worries and frets and stresses and difficulties and trials. Cast it all upon him because why? Because he hates you. Cuz he despises you. Because you're not good enough. you'll never be good enough. It ain't based on how good we are. It's based on what he's already done for us. But he says, "Cast all your cares upon him. For he cares for you this morning." And if you can get that revelation in your mind, no matter what you're going through, God cares for me this morning. He not seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed beggar for bread, but God has always been there. He's watched over that seed down through generations. And he brought this one with that one and that one with that one to bring you here this morning. Let me give you another quote from Corey Tinboon. I'm not preaching Corey Tinboon message this morning, but I sure love her quotes. She said, "In order to realize the worth of the anchor, you need to feel the stress of the storm." And I'm going to put it in Mississippi Joe Adams terminology. In order to feel the strength of the anchor, you need to feel the power of the storm. Because the anchor is only as strong as its weakest link. Man, can I tell you this morning that that anchor holds? There's been times, many of you, you wanted to quit. You wanted to walk away from it, but that anchor is holding. No matter how strong that storm is, no matter how prevailing the winds are. Look, we have seen storms just come through these last couple days. I was in that little tin trailer. Thought, man, I'm going to be Mary Poppins. We about to fly up out of here. The trees were bending sideways. Brother Joe, I was praying, Lord, I didn't think I was going to go this way, but I'm ready. But in order to feel the strength of the anchor, how strong is it? How sure is it? You must feel the power of the gale, the power of the storm. And can I tell you this morning that the anchor's holding when you wanted to quit, the anchor holds. When you want to walk away, the anchor's holding. When you didn't think you can be healed, the anchor's holding. When you felt like giving up and being defeated, that anchor's holding you this morning. No matter the storm, no matter the winds, no matter how much you've gone through, no matter the hell that beats down, the anchor holds this morning. It's hold you in the palm of his hand. The anchor holds. He'll never understand the worth of the anchor. The worth, how much it means to you until you felt the stress of the storm, the power, the force, the energy behind that assault. And she says again, "You'll never learn that Christ is all you need until Christ is all you have." Many of you are familiar with my testimony and maybe sometime I'll give you a full full outlay of my testimony, not just that little clip of it. But see, Corey Tinboon, my my my time just gets away. Corey Tinboon and her family were captured by the Nazi regime for supporting and helping the Jews. Her father was a a watchmaker. She was a watchmaker. And and so they hid all these Jews in a hiding place, little secret room behind a bedroom. And they was ratted on by one of their neighbors. And they come and they captured Corey and her family. And they took him to the concentration camp. And while she was in this camp before, when they captured her, she was sick. She had I don't know what she had, maybe typhford, some kind of sickness that she had. Well, they kept her in an isolation for like six to nine months, solitary confinement, little window, only let a little bit of light in. The only friend she had, Brother Thomas, was a little mouse that would come out and play and nibble, and she would give it some crumbs from the crackers that she would eat. And there from there she would pin this quote. You will never know that Christ is all you need until Christ is all you have. When everything is stripped away, seems like everything's failing. Everything you touch, it's not turning to gold, but it's turning to mold. Christ is all you need. Brother Glenn, when you've been in your lowest moment, your darkest hour, you'll never know that he's all you need until he's all that you have. And I want to tell you, church, ministry will disappoint you. Not intentionally. We're just man, we're not perfect. Your friends, your neighbors, your loved ones, they will hurt you. Some will do it intentionally. Some will do it in unintentionally. But this relationship that we have, this walk that we have is not with us and our neighbor, us and our spouse, us and our children. It's us and God. And you will never know that he's all you need until everything else is stripped away and he's all you have. when you're in those wee hours of the night pondering how you going to make it, how you going to pay the bill, how you going to do this, and how and how and how, and you just come to that essence and that that that final anchor. He's all I have. And that's what he brought this message to us for in this hour. Because man had failed down through generations. Systems of man had failed down through generations. And this that we have today is not contingent on any one man. Let me say that and I want to be clear. What we have today yet it took a prophet to bring us the clarity of the word. Don't ever forget that we have to have that. The Bible speaks of a Malachi 4. The Bible speaks of a Luke 17. The Bible speaks of a Revelations 10:7. The Bible speaks of these things. But the experience that we have does not re revolve around any one man ministry. So otherwise, no pastor can place you in it and no pastor can take you out of it. And you'll never know that Christ is all you need, young people, until he's all you have. You go to a camp meeting, go expecting to meet Christ. You go to school, go expecting to show people Christ. When you go out there in the Walmart, I don't have very many of them around here. Don't go to Meth County. Good Lord have mercy. I told y'all where I was at last time. Yeah, we ain't going to go there again. But look, take Jesus Christ with you. Maybe we can get some teeth back in their mouth. But we find many times we are we're afraid to display Jesus. But if he's all you have, you can't help but to display Jesus. So, we're preaching this morning. I'm going to hurry up and try to bring this down because we got about another 20 minutes here. But many times, God allows us to get to places that we don't understand how we got here. Why am I here? What did I do to deserve this? You didn't do anything. It's part of the journey. It's part of the molding. There's things that you go through down here that God's going to use you at a different stage of life. things that you face as a child or maybe things you come through as a a young adult or a young married couple, things you go through in, you know, those hardships that you face in a young marriage, it forges that relationship to be stronger because if you can weather the storm, then you can definitely weather the storm later. Is that right, Sister Hannah? You can weather the storm because God puts those things because it's not so much that you have faith in your spouse, but you have faith in the one who gave you that spouse. that he doesn't make mistakes. He knows what you have need of. So bear in mind this Jewish church here that we find the Jewish church had their church ages much like the gentile church has its church ages. And there was a promise of a restoration. Job 2 and 28 says I will pour out my spirit. You know and as we went through last time all that the caliber pillar, the polymer worm, the cankerworm, the locust, all that they had eaten away. The Bible says Job prophesied that I will restore saith the Lord. And so we find here there was a promise of the Holy Ghost to be poured back on the church. And yet we find that the church was not under an expectation to see the prophecy of Joel fulfilled. There wasn't synagogue set up proclaiming Joel's going to come, his ministry and his his revelation is going to come. And we find that when God poured out his spirit, they believe that they were drunk men and women. Come on, church. See, on the day of Pentecost, that same life that was living in Jesus, see, God's intention was never to let it only live in one man because he said in Genesis, "Let us make man in our image and after our likeness." God had a purpose in his mind. God had a plan that he wanted a family. And the same life that he placed in the redeemer will be the same life that is displayed through those that have been redeemed. Yeah. And we find here, notice now, God was not only going to allow that word to fall to the ground. God has to watch over his word. There's got to be somebody that was going to be the recipients and the beneficiaries of the day of Pentecost. And what God did there at the end of the the the the Jewish church age, he's going to do again at the end of the Gentile churches. Why? Because God's word has to be fulfilled and he has to watch over. And I'm here to tell you what was it then? It was power that would raise up a church to believe. And it's power again today to raise up a church to believe. A church that went down into dark denominationalism, but a church that would rise again. A church that would resurrect again. She would come out of the darkness. And she would rise and be the powerful church that God intended her to be on the day of Pentecost. Don't be afraid with that term. Don't be afraid about that term Pentecost. Some of you may have come from different backgrounds, but let me tell you, we're not talking about Isuza. We're not talking about the the denomination Pentecost. I'm talking about the day of Pentecost. I'm talking about when licks of fire came upon the people and the logos divided itself and sat on this one and that one and they begin to speak in tongues and they begin to act like they were drunk men and women. When was the last time people accuse you of being drunk? Come on. Somebody act a little indifferent. Maybe we have our own churchity. When's the last time I'm not picking, so please, when's the last time have you got so stimulated by the word? Well, my preacher don't I ain't talking about your preacher. I'm talking about when's the last time that word has struck that cord on the inside of you. When's the last time has it struck there and you got a kid that's sick, but a word came across that. I don't have to accept that sickness. I got a healer on the scene. I got a Jesus. By my stripes, I am healed. And that word strike your heart and stimulation comes about. When's the last time, church? Have you been through a dark trial and God brings you out and he puts it in your heart? I'm going to bring you out of this trial. I'm going to bring you out of this situation. And we come to church like thankless little sheath just, oh well, that's God supposed to do that. stimulation. Stimulated by the revelation of the word stimulated. The Bible says in John, Revelations 5, John, John, he had the elders, brother Thomas, he didn't just have a couple preachers on the platform. He had the elders through the ages behind him. John didn't care how he acted. John didn't care what they thought. John said, "All of heaven, all that was down on earth, everything under, everything that was in hell, everything that was in the sea, they heard I John shouting and rejoicing because John John saw his name in the book." John realized, "I've been redeemed. There's a lamb that takes away the sins of the world." And he took my sins. He took my shame. He took them away. And I got the revelation. I won't go down in hell, but I'm gonna go up in victory. Come on, church. What about the stimulation from the word? God has filled the people with power. The church again with power, with the word like under a word that's never been before. And we don't have any expectation when we come to the house of God. Brother Brown makes a statement as I start trying to wrap all this up. Here's Peter and John. They done been to Pentecost. Come on, Tommy. Walk with me. Come on. We're about the same size. Okay. Okay. Peter and John. walking. Come on, walk with me. You ain't no preacher. No. Peter and John, we both wishing we was five foot, six foot tall. Not 5 foot. We already 5 foot walking. Here comes a lame man. You done been to Pentecost. Yeah, I done been to Pentecost. It ain't just hearsay. It ain't just something I'm hearing somebody else said about it or somebody else said about it. No, I just experienced it. I just felt it. That same power, that same Holy Ghost. That same one that Joe spoke of is no longer on the pages of the Bible. Now it's in my heart. Now I'm believing for it. Now I'm witnessing for it. And we're going, Tom. We're going to the church. We're going to pray. And we find a lame man there. He's lame in his feet. And he says, "Silver and gold have I none but such as I have." Brother Glenn, you can rise up this morning and those things that touch you won't touch you no more. Why? Because the word has been prophesied over it. The word has power. Power to heal the sick. Power to raise the dead. Power to raise the Power to open blinded eyes. Restored power back to the church. What if that lame man? Let's just dramatize. He's crippled. He done been placed there for 40 years. 40 years. He's placed in the same spot. Like some of you, you come, heaven forbid, somebody sit in your pew. Don't you know I pay my tithe, I get that seat. That's my seat. Come on, beggar. Don't refrain yourself to a certain seat. Cuz in that young man's mind, brother Tommy, he had prayed. He had heard about Jesus. He had heard about the healing of the sick. He had heard about how he delivered and now this Jesus is off the scene and no doubt he wondered. He'd offered all these prayers for 40 years. Do I have to come back to this same spot? I don't want to come back, Sister Hannah, to this same spot. Come in church dragging. No different. No hope. No faith to believe it's going to be different this time. No excitement at the work and change my heart. Why am I here? I've moved hundreds of miles. I left my family. What is bringing me here? I'm telling you, it ain't some man bringing you here. This a word drawing you into his presence. Drawing you into his pres drawing you not just to a seat, church. No, don't just don't to just a seat, but he's drawing you into his presence. What if what if he would have said to Peter and to my John who just went and sat down leaving me preaching this message all alone, I didn't tell you to go sit down. What if he would have said, "Well, my case is different. You don't understand. My situation is different. Haven't I not tried for 40 years to wiggle my toes and I couldn't? To bend my ankles and I can't. Peter, don't you think I've made every effort possible? I'll say this per adventure. Per adventure, your case is different. He's still the same yesterday, today, and forever. Your case may be different, but my God is still the same. He still heals. He still delivers. He still sets free. Let me tell you, that's my God. And notice Peter and John, they didn't look at his situation. Like some of us, we look at each other's situation. Man, they must have done something terrible. Oh my goodness. can't believe that born from his mother's womb, crippled. But in his heart, he saw himself walking. In his heart, he saw those legs moving. He never felt it before. He didn't know what to expect. But in his heart, there was a deep calling out. And here come a Peter. And here come a John who just left Pentecost. They had an experience, not some tradition passed down from generation to generation, not some creed, not some idea, but no, they had met the pillar of fire for theirel just like Moses met the same pillar of fire. And your prophecy at which Moses lacked a pillar of fire had it. That burning bush had exactly what Moses needed. And I'm here to tell you today, without the born again, Holy Ghost fil experience, you'll never make a rapture. But I'm here to tell you, this word has it. It's for you today, young people. It's for you today. You don't have to just go through life drifting said, "Oh, I I go to certain certain church. I believe the message. I believe a prophet." It's more than believing the message. It's more than believing a prophet. It's being born again. It's receiving the power. God, I say turn the power on to the unit and let sons and daughters of God be electrified, be stimulated by the word. Stimulation from revelation, we know who we are and we know who we're not. Lord, we know who we are and we know who we are not. So, I wonder how many of us in a service like today, Brother Joe, you don't know my situation. You don't know what's going on in my family. You don't know the doctor's report I just got. You don't know the symptoms I'm dealing with. You're right. I don't. But silver and gold have I none. But such as I have, if you go listen to perfect faith, if you go listen to perfect faith, there's a part in that message toward the end, brother Bram says, I believe God can use my faith, the faith that I have to heal you. When your faith is weak, when your faith can't muster up, God can use my faith. He says, "You're going to get blood out of anything, you got to get blood from something that's got some blood in it." All right? You know that old saying, you can't get blood out of a turnup because there ain't no blood in it. And you don't bring some Holy Ghost faith building having a Holy Ghost revival and bring some dead preacher there to try to preach a Holy Ghost revival because you ain't going to get nothing out of it. No. Would you preach somebody that'll bring you up in faith? And I'm here to tell you, God is able to do that this morning where he was. There's a Peter, there's a John walking by your way this morning. You may be sitting there crippled. It may look like your case ain't getting any better. It seems like, well, my case is different. It may be different, but God never changes. His word never changes. There's still power in the blood. And if you can receive the blood for yourself this morning, it'll take your your old beggar crippleness away. It'll take the sickness away. It'll take the bondage away. It'll break the chains off your life. It'll set you free this morning. You don't got to wait for two weeks for your meeting. You can have an experience this morning because he is the same. He is the same. He's the same yesterday. Come on, church. I'm talking to you about a God that's got power, a word that's got power, an energy behind it that'll give you life this morning. And it causes stimulation. Well, if I got a hat like you, I don't want it. I promise you, you wish you had it. Cuz we don't always feel this way. No. Let me hurry up and bring this down. I got four minutes. Yeah. You laugh. If you got faith this morning, church. Yeah. I got a 10-hour drive home. If you have faith this morning, it's time that you make your decision. Think about that. That crippled man, he had to make a decision. Am I going to sit here? Am I going to wallow? Because I never felt my legs before. Am I going to stay confined to my spot just because I never been to another spot before? God in his sovereignty and his grace sent a Peter without a John because John sat down on Peter. Peter's doing all the work. Send a Peter and a John. Don't get a Tommy because he'll sit down on you. Send a Joe to a say silver and gold without money without price. You don't have to be confined to that lifestyle. You don't have to remain a sinner. You don't have to remain sick. You can make a choice. He said, "You got to make a decision. If you got faith, make a decision this morning." You know, if I was you, I'd make a decision. I'm not coming back to that spot. If I was you, I'd make a decision. I'm not coming back to that spot. I don't care how long I got to stay. Come on, Buddy Robinson. I don't care how long I got to stay, but if you don't give me the Holy Ghost, then you'll find a pile of bones when you get back. I wonder about a young person, about a real experience, make a decision, stimulation of revelation revealed to you. Maybe you There was a quote, Brother Bam, and I'm going to bring this to a close position. Start making your way back. There was a young boy at Ko Tabernacle. Brother Bam didn't get an opportunity to pray in a prayer line for him. They brought him to the back and the boy had polio. He was a Young boy, maybe 17, 18 years old. Crippled. Not his choice. But sometimes, you know, God allow you to go through a great big trial so he can shake the world with your testimony. He'll shake the world with your testimony. So this boy, he had polio and they brought him to the back and brother Brandham went back there and he asked brother, he said, "Brother Brandham, do you have any consolation for me?" He said, "Yeah, polio got you this way." He said, "Yeah, that's right." He says, "Your name is such and such." He said, "That's right." He says, "What about my healing, Brother Brandham, and your prophet?" He didn't make something up in his mind. He didn't declare something based on compassion. But he took this young boy back to the word and said, "By his stripes, you are healed. by his stripes. Not brother Brandham's stripes, not Oral Robertson, not Billy Graham, not some great teacher of that day, some great evangelist, some healing revival evangelist of that day. Not by any of that. Not by your Donnie Reagan's, Thomas Berser, Tim Pruis, Joe Adams. Not by any of these preachers, but by his stripes you are healed. And this little boy crippled with polio goes home and he begins to confess, "I'm healed. I'm healed." The Lord, notice, he begins to confess to confess though he has not felt one ounce of healing. And he began to make a reproach. And so a group of ministers come to his house. Brother Thomas, could you imagine a group of us message believers going to one of your members house and saying, "You're making a reproach in Elton, Kentucky for believing such nonsense as healing." And this boy looked at this group of preachers. He said, "Sir, if you were sitting where I'm sitting, if you were sitting in the chair that I'm sitting in, would you try to rob me of my last hope in Christ? Would you try to rob me of my last hope in Christ?" See, some people will never hear about a God that delivers because churches don't preach about a God that does supernatural. today. The today is a miracle that is over. God does if if it's God's will to heal, then he will heal you. It is God's will. The Bible says that healing is a children's bread. It's in God's word. By my stripes, you are already healed. And he said, "By his stripes, I am already healed." And at that moment, up out of that seat, he went and began to run around the place. Why? Because he wasn't looking at what man said about it. He caught a revelation. A revelation that God said I was healed. And up from that crippled condition, he be to run around and he was stimulated from revelation because he had met the same God. Oh church, don't let some preacher, don't let some idea, don't let some decree rob you of your last hope. Jesus Christ is the same. He heals the same. He delivers the same. He sets free the same. He is our [Music] God. But you got to make a decision. Do you sit there and say, "Well, the God of the 60s and the 50s, man, we've not seen that God around here in years. He don't do those things anymore. That's only for the disciples. That's only for those men. Those men that walk with the prophet, can I tell you it's for you this morning? But you got to make a decision. You got to believe. You got to cast down doubt. You got to put down unbelief. You got to say, "It's for me. It's for my family. It's for my children. It's for us today." You don't have to stay in that that old slooper or slumber that you're in. You can rise up this morning and you can walk around stimulated by revelation. I am a son of God. I am a child of God. I got victory this morning and it comes from Jesus Christ. Come on, church. Make a decision this morning. The altar's open. It's between you and God. Some of you sitting here this morning backsliding. You don't have to stay backsliding. It's a choice to stay that way. Well, the altar is open and the grace of God is [Music] flowing. I wonder I wonder on a Sunday morning. That's right. How about somebody get behind sister? How about somebody walk out of that crippled condition? Walk out of that situation. Walk out of that dark slumber you've been in. Walk out of that cold indifferent walk that life you've been look. Make your decision this morning. You say, "Oh, oh, you know what? They're making us see. I don't care what they're doing. They're making a stand for God this morning. I'm going to walk for him. I'm going to serve him. I don't care what the church says about it. I don't care what the preachers say about it. He's my God. Come on, church. What about your situation? What about that dark cloud hanging over you? Come on, brother John. You got a need in your body this morning. Get up and walk it out. Don't be ashamed of them this morning. Come on, church. It's time to start walking. Make footprints. Footprints means possession this morning. Find your place in this line. Say, "I'm going to walk with him. He was wounded. He was wounded for my transgressions. He was bruised for my iniquities. That wasn't just for a prophet. That wasn't just for the 60s and the 50s. That's for you this morning. He was bruised. He's here. [Music] By his stripes I am healed. Oh, he has healed my sick soul. [Music] He was bruised for our uniquity. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Oh, and surely he bore our sorrow. Yes, Lord. And by his stripes we are. Come on. Will there be another this morning? Come on, church. We got new members here. We got old members here. We got those walking in sickness. Some walking in bondage. Walk out of it this morning. Walk out of that prison cell. The King of King is here. The Lord of Lords is here this morning. He's here to walk out. He's here to grab you by the hand and raise you from that crippled condition. And when you come back, you don't have to come back to that same seat. You don't have to come back bound by depression. You don't have to come back bound by suicidal thoughts. You don't have to come back bound by sickness. You can go back to your seat walking and leaping and praising God. I said walking and leaping and praising God for the joy of the Lord is our strength this morning. Oh, praise your name, Lord. Power has been restored back to evening light tabernacle. A power of the Holy Ghost is here. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh [Music] yes. And by his stripes sweet are he. Oh, he has healed my sick soul, made me every with whole and heal. Do the same for you. Yes, Lord. Oh, he's the same. the same yesterday and today and glory. This Jesus of God glory. Oh, he was wounded this morning. Oh, and he was wounded for transgressions. Yes, Lord. Oh, he was burned for our near what he lords. Oh my. And surely he bore our sorrow and by his stripes we are healed. [Music] I claim the blood. I [Music] claim claim the blood Jesus shed at Calary. Preious blood stains were put there just for me. For all my sins, my sickness and my tears. When I need healing, I just claim those preious blood stain. Oh, I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Yes, those preious blood [Music] stains. Yes, Lord, for all my sins, my sickness, and my [Music] faith. I need healing. I just claim those precious blood stains. And I have a source of strength when I am weak. that leads me to embrace me. And I have a source of power from above. Yes, I'm covered [Music] over by a shield of love. Oh, I claim the blood that Jesus shed on Calary. Those preious blood stains were paid there just for me. Yes, Lord. Yes. For all my sins, my sickness, and my pain. I need healing. I disclaim those precious blood savings and I do not know how others make it [Music] through who never go to Calary as I do. Yes. For there's there's a healing lake stream which flows yes Lord with sand [Applause] and redeemed can know yes. Oh yes. Oh, I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Yes, those preious blood stains were made there just for me. Yes. [Music] for all my sins, my sickness, and my angels. Lord, when I need healing, I claim those preious blood once again this morning. Oh, I claim the blood that Jesus shed on Calary. Lord, help her this morning. Oh, those precious bloods they Yes, Lord. They're just for me. Oh yes Lord for all my [Music] sins and send my name. When I need healing I claim those precious blood. I love you Lord. I love you [Music] Lord and I lift my voice to worship you. Oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy, my king in what you need. Oh, let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. Oh, I love you, Lord. And I live my [Music] voice to worship you, oh my soul, rejoice. Yes. Hey joy, my king in what you hear. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. In the presence of Jehovah, in the [Music] prayer. Oh [Music] Jehovah, God allmighty. Yes. Oh prince of peace. Yes.
