################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-22 - Pastor Thomas Byler • 5/21/25 • Wed. • My God Shall Supply All Your Needs - Thomas Byler - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-22
Title:   Pastor Thomas Byler • 5/21/25 • Wed. • My God Shall Supply All Your Needs
Speaker: Thomas Byler
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rut2rwFswF8
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] Blue. Heat. [Music] D. [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] Hello. Hey. Working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. And would you be free from evil of victory when for there's wonderful power in the blood. Oh there is power power wonder working power in the blood oh of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. And would you be free from your passion and pride? Oh, there's power in the blood. There is power in the blood. Oh, come for a cleansing to Calary's thigh. For there's wonderful power in the blood. Let's stand this evening. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working out in the preious blood of the lamb. And would you be wider, much wider than snow? For there's power in the blood. There is power in the blood. and sin stains are lost in its lifegiving flow. There's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. There is power, power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Amen. Do you believe it this evening? Amen. Let's sing. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. Amen. Who's thankful for all the Lord's done for us? Amen. Who just left it on the weekend and they didn't have any victory this week? Or did he come through with you this week? Amen. Amen. Let's sing. I'll enter his gates. Oh, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. Oh, I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. I will enter. Oh, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh yes, he has made me glad. And he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. Oh yes, he has made me glad. And he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Amen. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me bless his home. Bless his holy name. Bless the Lord. Oh, bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me, bless his [Music] rule. Believe. Bless his holy name. Just lift our hands this evening. He has done great things for He has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Bless his holy name. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me bless his [Music] holy name for he has done great things. who he is. For he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Bless his holy name. Amen. And blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was in his next come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who lives forever more. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns [Music] forever more. Oh father in heaven, we love you. We lift your name in all the earth. May your kingdom be established in our praises as your people declare your mighty works. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty. who was and is and to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever more. and father of mercy be [Music] exalted. May Jesus name be lifted high for his sacrifice of love had won my pardon and his resurrection power gives me life. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever more. Oh, blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever [Music] more. Amen. Psalm 34. Psalm 34. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look on him are radant. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. This poor man cried. This poor man cried. And the Lord heard me and delivered me and delivered me from every fear. The son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorifying the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Magnify the Lord. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name together. [Music] Glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name and together glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. [Music] Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. ever. Amen. Is that what you came to do this evening? Amen. To serve a living God this evening. Amen. You may have your seats. Brother Danny and brother Michael John and brother Caleb, if you'd come this evening for the offering. Amen. We don't have any written prayer requests this evening. Amen. I think brother Troy put on the chat that Zoe had the flu. I believe I want to remember her this evening. But I think that's about it. Amen. Brother Danny, would you just pray for this offering the needs this evening? Man, can somebody see my chains are gone? Amazing grace. Amazing grace. How sweet the sound that saved a rich like me. I once was lost but now I'm found. was blind, but now I see. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like of love, his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing grace. It was grace that taught to fear and grace my fears. [Music] believed. How preious did that grace appear. The hour I first believed, my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood his mercy reigns, unending love, amazing grace. The Lord has promised good to me. His word my hope secures. He will my shield and portion me. As long as life endures, my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. [Music] Unending love, amazing grace. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around, how he placed my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout. Hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me want to shout a hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. When I think about the Lord. Oh, when I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around, how he placed my feet on solid ground. It makes me wonder shout hallelu. Thank you, Jesus, Lord. You're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me want to shout hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Amen. He's worthy this morning of all our praise. Amen. Let's stand this evening. We're going to turn the service over to brother Ber. Man, as he comes, who's expecting? Amen. Let's sing. Fill my cup, Lord, I lift it up. Oh, fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. [Music] Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Oh, fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up Lord. Oh come and quench this blessing my [Music] soul of heaven. [Music] Lead me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me home. Here's my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench the thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I won. No more. Here's my cup. Build it up and make me whole. Amen. What wonderful words. Amen. What wonderful words. Amen. Amen. That's quite something that he sang that song just before coming out because that's what we're going to be starting with. He's talking about the bread from heaven. Amen. So that's good. Good evening. Good evening. Praise the Lord. Everybody doing good? Amen. Good. Amen. Hallelujah. All right. Well, what meetings? That was good. Praise the Lord. That was very, very good. You can be seated for a minute. Amen. Amen. As I don't know if everybody knows or not, but and I didn't know till a couple days ago, but but Brother David Syler is going to have brother Donnie Reagan and brother Daryl down there this weekend in Manchester. So, Friday night at 7:00, Saturday night at 6:00, and Sunday at time at 10:00, me and my wife plan on going down there and supporting them down there and being with him probably Friday night. So, anybody that wants to go down there, I'm sure you'd be more than welcome. Amen. Amen. We plan on going Friday. So, we appreciate David and some of their folks coming up supporting us. Amen. And so, Amen. We want to try to uh Amen. Not just to support them, but to go here, brother Donnie and brother Daryl. Amen. And take in a few meetings. So, praise the Lord. Another thing, Amen. I just want to Amen. Uh, thank everybody. Amen. Appreciate how well it went. Amen. Um, I think it worked out good, I believe, with no food Thursday and then two meals that we had to fix Friday and Saturday and then, uh, the the caterer Sunday. go. If uh if we need to do anything different, anybody of that was in leadership and and kind of putting it together, if you know of anything that we can do to improve, Amen. Let us know. Amen. And we'll try to make a change. But to not have a meeting about anything and brother John taking care of things out there with on Saturday. Appreciate that. Amen. And all the sisters taking care of the food. Amen. And I I got to say, me and my wife both, we were sitting on our porch and I was just we was just talking about how wonderful it is to have a good enough size group and and pe younger folks. Amen. We have to say that now a little bit, but Amen. that can kind of pitch in and really pick up, you know, and and and do things and make it happen. And for us, just to entertain ministers and not have to worry about any of it. Amen. And me and my wife just want to thank everybody. Amen. So, we're going to give you a round of applause. Amen. Thank y'all. God bless you. Amen. That makes it very, very nice. It makes it very easy for us and very nice. And so, we appreciate it. It'll certainly help as far as, you know, uh, you know, if it's not too much of a burden, I won't hesitate, amen, to have have more if everybody wants more meetings or whatever. But, um, we certainly we enjoyed those meetings. if we don't have but one a year. I mean like that. I think as far as I know I know brother uh Andrew has confirmed he would come back and brother Tim he made it sound like he would too. So um I think that's also seems to be a good time of the year. I'm not really in interested in doing the fall because everybody else is doing it and it just you know it just doesn't work too good. But if we can find a time slot like what we did. Amen. And I think brother Tommy and whoever was really trying to get the time slot together and make it all work, we appreciate it. Amen. And so we certainly appreciate all that brother Tommy did. Amen. Amen. And so uh I've been thinking about saying something for a little bit. Amen. And I guess I will since it comes to mind. You know, sometimes I've I've I've lived to see people come and go. Ain't that right? I've seen people be on flame and fire and then die out. And you know, I'd rather you just be a little calmer and go to distance, right? But now I like somebody that's fired up. And we know Tommy's fired up. Amen. And so I just been watching, you know, and uh I'm thankful, you know, that he's keeping pressing on. Amen. Amen. More power to him. Ain't that right? And so that's wonderful. Amen. But Amen. So we appreciate that. Amen. A man that's fired up for God. Amen. suggesting having meetings with them and then me praying about it and deciding to go ahead with it and say, "Yeah, let's let's go ahead and try this and and see how it works out, you know, in that time frame." And it all worked out good by the grace of God. Amen. And we certainly enjoy Amen. all the different churches. We had more uh participation than we've had in quite a while. Amen. So, Amen. Uh, I was I was of course a little skeptical, you know, because it seems to be hard to get meetings together and having different churches come and help, but we certainly seen it last weekend. Amen. And so we appreciate, Amen. everything everybody did and the ministers and so forth. But a special thanks to the congregation here, amen, for making it so easy. And so, Amen. and and just and doing all that you've did. Amen. So, God richly bless you for that. Amen. I'll be ministering tonight and Sunday morning and then brother Brad will be ministering next Wednesday and I think brother Joe is going to be back the following Amen Sunday to get our first Sunday service and grace I haven't talked to you about this yet but we need to look at the 8th or the 7th of June the 7th of June to have the Ber uh uh Ber farm fellowship fellowship I guess you call fellowship and fishing something like that. Amen. And so, because we want to do I want to do it as soon as possible so it isn't so hot. You know, the sooner we do it, the cooler it'll be. Amen. And so, uh, so if the ETH don't work for everybody, too many of us or whatever, uh, then let us know. Okay? Not the eth. ETH is Sunday. I keep saying ETH, but the 7th of June. Did I got the right month? I think so. All right. Yeah. So, that's in about three weeks, something like that. It's not very far away. Amen. But amen. If everybody wants to do that, I think that'd be nice. All right. Amen. So, let's look at that and we'll go from there. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's stand and we'll begin to just share. Um, basically Sunday, Monday morning, Monday morning about 3:30, we was all supposed to go fishing, I guess, by about six o'clock. And I woke up and I wanted to sleep right up till close to then. But I woke up at 3:30 and my mind got to going. Amen. And the Lord began to just pour things out. And and this time instead of just going back to sleep, I got up. Amen. I got back up, I got up, sat at the table, and before I knew it, it's not 3:30, but by 5:00, you know, and I had just almost wrote my whole message out in that hour and a half. So, Amen. And so we uh studied some again today just just you know kind of add a little bit to it and see what the Lord would have. It's certainly something that we're all familiar with and something I've spoken on before but uh that's what the Lord laid on my heart so perhaps it's for somebody. Amen. I certainly trust that it will be. Amen. And so let's bow our heads and go before the author Lord Jesus as we come before you Lord. Thankful, Lord, to be able to assemble ourselves together again in your name, Lord. We just pray, Father, that you'd have your perfect way, Lord, and that this service, Lord, would be operated, conducted, Lord, just as you have thought of it, that it would be before the foundation of the world, Lord. And all we can do is surrender life, surrender our hearts, our mind, our thoughts, our lips, our ears to you, Lord. And if we ask God that you'll come and speak to our hearts now, Father, the words that you want us to say, Father, the words that you want people to receive and and the change that you want to make in our hearts and lives, Lord, through the preaching of the word, we ask you to come now and and bless every portion of it in Jesus name. Amen. One more thing that I forgot before I go on. Amen. And uh here it is two pages back. Brother Glenn wanted me to Amen. talk about brother Murray Reeves, right? He a testimony. Elizabeth wanted us to she wanted to thank the church for their for the prayers for him because he's at home now and a cat scan showed that everything went good. Amen. And so, you know, by God's grace, everything's looking good for him. So, let's give the Lord a hand. Say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus." Amen. Amen. Sister Margaret. Amen. She's back home also and eating a little bit more. Amen. And getting some of her feeling back. So, just a slow go there, but still water not building up in her stomach from what I understand right now. So, praise the Lord for that. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand for that. Amen. God is doing things. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. Um Oh, and I'm going tell you, Amen. I'm I don't usually do this, but I think I will this time. I think it'd be okay to. I know. We took a love offering off for the preachers, and it ended up being about 2,200 each. Amen. So, thank y'all. God bless you. Amen. Good offering for them. Amen. Take care. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. Now, turn your Bibles if you will and we'll go to Philippians and we'll just start here. Amen. And try to go as far as we can. Amen. This is certainly certainly a message I feel like that what you could take a series from, make a series of. Amen. And so, but we'll just go as far as see what the Lord will have. Amen. Philippians 4 and verse 19. But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus. Amen. Amen. Y'all like that? Now, let's look at another scripture. I just saw this across the page. Amen. And I thought that I would bring it out. Notice just before Paul said that in verse 11, he said, "Not that I speak in res respect of need or want, for I have learned that whatsoever state I am therewith to be content. I know how to be a base, and I know how to abound. Everywhere and in all things I am instructed both to be full and to be hungry, both to abound and to suffer need. But I can do all things through Christ which strengthenth me. Amen. Isn't it something that he said that about himself and then just a few more verses later he says, "My God shall supply all your need." Amen. According to his riches in glory. Amen. All right. Let's just stop there a minute. In other words, he's going to supply your need according to the riches that he has in glory. How? By Christ Jesus. How many knows the phrase we have said all? He's all I need. He's all I need. Amen. He is all I need. And this comes back to me again just now for the first time since Monday morning. Amen. And that is uh uh you know Jesus is the answer. How many knows that Jesus is the answer? Amen. And Jesus supplies all of your need. That's why we say that whenever you have Jesus in your heart, you have everything that you have need of. Why do we say that? It's because if you have him, he is the supplier of all that you have need of. So he is all you have need of because he supplies all your needs. God bless you. You can be seated tonight. Amen. Way back in the Old Testament, I believe it was in Deuteronomy 8 and I'll go 7-10. It says 8 and 7 through 10. For the Lord thy God bringeth thee into a good land. Don, I'm not so sure if that was the scripture that you had I think it is. And that when I read that, I thought that's the same scripture that you had been that you that the Lord spoke, Amen. to your heart when Amen. when the Lord blessed us. Amen. He says, "For the Lord thy God bringeth thee into a good land, a land of brooks of water, of fountains and depths that spring uh out of the valleys and the hills." Amen. Amen. Amen. And I just thought about another scriptures. I stopped because I wanted to tie this together. I had this thought before and I didn't write it down, but it just comes to me now. Amen. Praise the Lord. I love the sound. I like the sound. Can y'all Does it Is it different for y'all? Is it a little different for y'all? I know it has a little bit like a echo or whatever, but I can hear myself speaking, so I know I'm speaking. Anyway, I I like it. So, I hope that works out and we don't have too much rebound. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, we can give the Lord a hand for answering another prayer. I ain't got to wire this crazy stuff on my head. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, so he says, now notice here, he says, fountains and depths and springs out of valleys and hills, a land of wheat and barley and vines and fig trees and pomegranates, a land of olive oil, oil, olive and honey, a land wherein thou shalt eat bread without scarceness. Amen. Think about what God was supplying for them back in the Old Testament. Ain't that right? That's right. Without scarcess, thou shalt not lack anything in it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Isn't that wonderful? Whose stones are iron, and out of whose heels thou mayest dig brass. When thou hast eaten and are full, then shalt thou bless the Lord thy God. For all the good land which he hath given thee. Amen. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name. If God's been good to you, you ought to bless him a little. You ought to give him a little honor. Give him a little praise. Amen. Hallelujah. He's worthy of it. Don't believe you believe. Amen. But beware that thou forget the not the Lord thy God in not keeping his commandments and his judgments and his statutes which I command thee this day. Least when thou hast eaten and are full, and has built goodly houses and dwell therein. And when thy herds and thy flocks multiply, and thy silver and thy gold is multiplied, and all that thou hast is multiplied, then thy heart be lifted up, and thou forget the Lord thy God, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt from the house of bondage. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm going to stop right there. Amen. So, notice how he's saying here. Let me see if I missed something back here. Uh just write that at down if you want because the whole chapter is really good because I missed a lot on there. Amen. How that God talks about how he brought you out of the land, humbled thee, suffered thee uh uh not to be hungered and so forth, fed thee with mana which thou kneest not and all of these things that he did raignment that wax not old upon thee. Amen. Thy foots and so forth. All that he did. Don't forget that. Amen. Amen. So we see there where he talks about you know amen from from he told didn't he tell uh Abraham go up on this hill and look as far as you can see to the east as far as you can see to the west north and south how many he said it's all yours. Amen. It's all yours. How many believe we've been given a a kind of a land like that? Amen. that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith, that ye being rooted and grounded in love may be able to comprehend with all the saints what is the breadth and the length and the depth and the height. Amen. We got a little depth and height. We got a little look this way, look that way. And that's what we want to do with the help of the Lord. We want to look this way. We want to look over into the promised land and see what really all that is ours. Amen. It'll certainly take more than one night. It'll take a long time for us to really try to comprehend, amen, what the depth of God is, what the love of God is. Amen. And to know the love of Christ which passes knowledge that ye might be filled with all the fullness of God. So we see here that he says, "You're not going to lack." He said, if I can find it again. Amen. And I believe he said it right down around here. Amen. Let me see if I can find it. There it is. Verse nine. A land wherein thou shalt eat bread without scarceness. And thou shalt not lack anything in it. Notice Paul said, "My God shall supply all your needs." Well, should I just say what comes to mind? I guess if he don't supply it, then you must not meet it. That's right. Cuz it's a promise of God that he'll supply it. Amen. Hallelujah. Another one in the Old Testament be Psalms 34 Paul said David said I will bless the Lord at all times. His praise shall be in my mouth when we have special meetings. Once in a while well we had a good time but that's special me. No, I will bless the Lord and I will praise him and I will bless him and my his praise shall be in my mouth continually. My soul soul shall make her boast in the Lord. The humble shall hear thereof and be glad. Now I'm reading a little extra here if that's okay, but I'm getting to my point. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Amen. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and let us exalt his name together. Hallelujah. Let's exalt his name together. Hallelujah. How many believes Jesus? Jesus. That's right. The Lord Jesus Christ, he is to be exalted. Amen and amen. I saw the Lord and he heard me and delivered me out of all my fears. They looked upon they looked unto him and were lightened and their faces were not ashamed. This poor man. This poor man cried and the Lord heard him and saved him out of all his troubles. Aren't you glad that God heard your cry when you called to him and he saved you out of all your troubles? Glory. I'm so glad for that. Amen. The angel of the Lord encampeth round about them that fear him and deliverth them. Amen. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Blessed is the man that trusteth in him. Now, here we come to our point. Oh, fear the Lord, ye his saints, for there is no one to them that fear him. Amen. The young lions do lack and suffer hunger, but they that seek the Lord shall not want any good thing. Come on, people think about it. That's a promise of God. If you fear God, he promised you're not going to lack any good thing. Thank you, Jesus. The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. Amen. How many glad to have a shepherd like that? The Almighty, Lord Jesus Christ, is like a mother tending to her children and she sees and and supplies everything that they have need of. How many knows a good mom tends to her children and she wants to make sure they have everything they need? What? They want the right vitamins, the right food, the right clothes, the right shoes. They have do everything. But they all grow up and be real Christians and be amen to have everything they need. And that's the same way it is with God. God wants you to be fully supplied. He wants you to be fully equipped. Yeah, he tease to every part of your life. He cares for you. Amen. Amen. My title is I guess he may have put it up there. My God shall supply all your need. Amen. How many knows there is a lot of needs? Amen. a lot of needs. Okay, let me see here. Psalms the next. It seems like I'm missing one. Yeah, I am. That's over in Exodus. Exodus 16. Exodus 16:12 says, "I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel. Speak unto them, saying, At evening ye shall eat flesh, and in the morning ye shall be filled with bread, and ye shall know that I am the Lord your God." Now I the main point I want to get to is further down, but I read that up there. And as I read that, what came to mind was I thank God that he still has preachers like what we had last weekend that will feed you. Why? Cuz God wants you fed. He wants you full in the morning. He wants you full at night. What would we do if we didn't have anointed preachers to bring the word of God? Where will we be at? How many believes we need that? God supplies that. He says, "I'm going to make sure that you eat good." This is no time to be the skinny calf coming out of the barn, saying, "The days of miracles has passed. Oh, such fanaticism." No. I want to be that fat calf that kicks its legs up in the air, squalls, making crazy sounds. Amen. And just enjoying itself real good, jumping around and kicking up its heels. And because why? It's had plenty of nutrition. It's been eating good. Let me tell you something. We couldn't have had a service like that this weekend. Amen. If the evening light tabernacle saints wouldn't have been eating good, wouldn't be spiritually healthy. We didn't sit down on the preacher and fold our hands. No, we participated. We pulled. And that's what makes the difference. Others from other churches come together. Amen. All it was is more people. Amen. Coming together and having a real big fire. Amen. Makes a huge difference. Brother Tim got up and started preaching. Well, kind of looks back, you know, it'd be easy to preach to y'all. Joe says, "I told you that's I told you evening tabernacle ain't those people easy to preach to." I've been in other places, man. I had to plow, not preach. I called it plowing. Amen. But I thank God for churches that are easy to preach to that love the Lord and and respond to the word. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's right. And I know that I am the Lord your God. You shall know. You'll be filled and you're going to know that I am the Lord. How many mean that that's exactly right? Now on down. This is this has to do with the mana that fell. Okay? And it talks about when the dew came, you know, how mana fell and everything. But let's go down to verse 16. This is the thing which the Lord has commanded. Gather of it every every man according to his eating and for every man according to the number of your persons. Take ye every man for that for them. I'm gonna go down here with this a little bit, Brother Carson. Take every man for them which are in his tents. And the children of Israel did so, and gathered, some more, and some less. And when they did meet it, he had he that gathered much had nothing over, and he that gathered little had no lack. Amen. I like that. She says, "They gathered every man according to his eating." How many know it was just right? Don't you like that when you get fed just right? Some people are gluttonous. Some people are a little heavy maybe, and they going to have to have two, maybe three. But he's saying, "Get what you need. Get what you eat. And in the end, you're going to have be satisfied. You're going to have just what you want. How many glad that when the Holy Spirit feeds us, you're satisfied. Now Jesus says, you know, the bread that that mana that fell, they got hungry again and they die. But he says, I am the mana that come down from heaven. If a man eats this mana, he'll never hunger again. Amen. Amen. And he'll have eternal life. This will give you eternal life. This mana that you and I are eating. Amen. Amen. Same way with the drink. They drank from the spiritual rock, but they all are dead. But the water that I give you, how many glad when you get that water, you'll never thirst again. It'll quench your thirst. It'll fill that void. It'll make you whole. Fill my cup, Lord. Come and make me whole. That's what I'm desiring tonight. Lord, make me whole. That's what we're working for. Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad that there's a man that you and I are eating on? That is a dress that you and I are dressing with. Amen. Brother Bam says, you know, I've got the quote. But I don't guess I'll pull it up. But he says, you know, the hospitals and the whole world is full of dissatisfied people. Why? They have a need. How many believe God made the whole world needy? But if they don't fill that need with the real thing that satisfies, they'll always be dissatisfied. Paul was a satisfied person. Imagine Paul was not a grumbler. He was not a complainer. He knew that if he's hungry, if he has need or if he's full, I have learned to be content. Thank you, Lord. I know I know this one thing that whatever I'm going through, you are my supplier. You take care of me. How many knows? He is our supplier. He cares about us. Amen. Praise the Lord. So if you're a Christian, God has promised that you shall not lack any good thing. Amen. Isn't this something how that God has absolutely made the world a demand and a supply situation? It's a demand and a supply situation. He puts that void in people's lives, that place of emptiness, that place of incompleteness, so that you'll search. He'll make you thirsty, so you'll be thirsty. Even Cain is thirsty. Even the devil's people are thirsty. The Indians were thirsty. The Africans are thirsty. Everybody has a thirst. They have a need. I wish they could hear me in Africa. God has supplied a thirst quencher. Amen. Something that'll quench your thirst. Something that will satisfy you. And it's himself. It's himself in every aspect and for every aspect of our lives. He has provided you what you have need of. It doesn't matter what it is. How many believe that? Amen. I'm going to go there while I'm thinking about it. our young people as they get up to 14 to 19, 20, 21, we know that they're that is a crucial time for them. Most likely they're going to decide whether they serve God or whether they don't during that time. Amen. They'll make some big decisions and it's so important that we influence and I'm keeping them around the right thing. Amen. Amen. Young people, they have needs. Amen. When you get 18 years old, don't be thinking about no boyfriend and husband at 15, 16. Don't worry about all that. Get old enough first. But you'll get to the age where you'll want a wife. Amen. We'll have young We got young boys that no doubt they'll need a wife. Amen. What was it brother Ram said about it? He says, "You know, a woman might be just ugly as what you can think of." Huh? I don't know just how he described it, but she could be just pretty ugly. But if she's a real genuine Christian, and if you're any kind of a man of God, you'll respect that woman. Amen. maybe a woman or a lady looking for a man. And man, let me tell you something. The girls, they don't always have to be the prettiest. The young boys, they don't have to be the handsomest. What's important is their character. What did brother B says, you know, this one girl ran off with this boy? The boy go outside in church and wait for her girl to go to church and get her pick pick her up after church. Wouldn't even come in. You get a boy like that. You go out there parents. The parents will be going out there, won't they? We know the people at evening that go. That girl won't even get a chance to go out there and tell that boy to get lost. Mom and dad be all over it. You going home now. before I pull you out of that car and stick you on after you're right there. That's right. And something or other Bam says, you know, I really like him because he smells so good and he's got cute feet. That's what he said. Got cute feet. Boy, Brother Bam didn't have much fort. I would rather, you know, a girl, you'd be better off having a boy that smells like a pole cat. Woo. And had feet like a box car. I'm going to add a little. Maybe he's got a crooked nose. Maybe got crooked teeth. Huh? But he loves the Lord. He's in church when church is open. He loves the Lord. His beauty. That girl's beauty, that boy's handsomeness, it'll fade. It'll go away. But that character in there, it'll stick with you through thick, through thin. It'll love you. It'll treat you right. That's what you want. Something that'll treat you right. Treat like Christ does the church. Husband, love your wives even as Christ loves the church. Gave himself for it that he might sanctify it. making it clear that she might with be without spot and without with wrinkle. Ain't that right? How many knows that's relationship that you and I have with God? It's like a husband relationship. A man that cares about his wife. Every detail about his wife. Amen. You my wife sitting on the porch. We have a lot of sitting on the porch stories, don't we? He's talking about how that Sapora Moses's wife was hotheaded. Is that right? But Bam, she had a and how that brother Bam said God knew just what Moses needed. You got a hoted wife? Well, guess what? God knew what you needed. Let's hope nobody got a hotheaded wife. Why? Most probably to mellow you down a little bit. Come on, people. Teach, you can't run off into the bushes and hide on top of the house or somewhere. You're going to have to get back in the house. You're going to have to get things straightened out. Amen. That's right. Don't think marriage ain't work. Marriage is work. It can be hard. It's something that you got to work at and you got to learn. Yeah, that's right. You got to learn not to be selfish. If you need if you need patience and you need to learn to not be selfish, get married. Hey, when you're single, you can go do what you want, when you want, how you want. But when you get a wife, hey, where you going? Can I go with you? I want to go with you. And I want to go over here for Oh, man. And over there for what? Yeah, that's right. You'll learn to say, "Okay, honey. I think we've got We'll make time. We'll make one. We'll make time." That's right. You might fuss a little this, that, or the other, but get that all done out of the way. when you get back to the house, she'll give you a good hug. Say, "Honey, you're the best. I love you." And you'll have a good marriage. But try it the other way for a little while. Cuz remember, the Bible said that husbands are to love their wives even as their own bodies. How many knows that that's the relationship? He says, "I speak towards Christ in the church." God loves us like he loves himself. Hello. And that's pretty much Amen. Hallelujah. So, there's another need. How many knows God knows you need? Just another thought that I had, you know. And so, well, I ain't getting no husband. I'm almost 19 years old and I ain't married. Come on. We used to wait a little bit longer than that, I guess. But why don't you pray a little harder? Amen. How many know God knows what you have need of. and be open for what God has for you. Some people are not married at 50 because that girl had to be just perfect. That boy had to just be perfect and he never did get married. Can I say something? All right, I will. Thank you very much. God knows just exactly who you're supposed to be with. And you need to have your heart and mind open. A mean that right and let God do the work. I want to say something else. Thank you very much. A girl or a boy is a whole lot better off single. You're better off single than with the wrong one. If you marry a woman that is a runaround or can't be trusted or hello runs off with another man, it's water in your blood. I've never had water in my blood, but I'm sure that it doesn't work too good. It's miserable. No doubt. Amen. Or a husband that don't treat you right, don't love you, better off without one. You'll be happier laying on the bed and going doing things by yourself than you with somebody yelling and screaming at you all the time. Hello. Not doing getting along. That's all free. Amen. Committed to the Lord. Wait on God and let God put it together. I'm thankful for the young couples we have here tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's right. Amen. He's all I need. He's all I need. Praise God. Let's look at something here. Let's look at the Leodysa condition. All right. We know that in the Leodysia church age, they were rich, they were increased with goods, and they had meat of nothing. You realize that's what happens a lot of times. Even Jesus said it back in the Old Testament. Oh, watch out. When you got your houses and you got all of this, you've got all what you feel you've got your needs supplied. Well, I don't think I I'm just too busy. I, you know, I've got too much to do to go to church. Uh oh. Don't you know God sees and hears that? When you say you ain't got time to go, God hears that. He's given you. I mean, knows every one of us. Maybe not you, but definitely me. I know everything I have, the Lord has given me. I can't credit anything to myself. No, God has given it to me. Amen. And I know you clap because you know that's you, too. A lot of us have been to the bottom. We've went to the top and dropped to the bottom and God brought us up again several times. Amen. My much could be said there in way of personal testimony. Amen. It's what God does. But then you can slack off. No, that's not what you're to do. The more he pours out his blessing, the more you're supposed to pour out your praise. Amen. Amen. But these layers here, they said they were rich, they were increased with goods, had need of nothing that they come to the place that they didn't need anything. And let me tell you something. I'm trying to get to that place. I'm trying to get to the place, Brother Brad, where I don't need nothing. I've got a quiz question for you. When will you get to the place you don't need nothing? When will I get to the place where you don't need nothing? See, when you need something, you're lacking something. Even Nebuchadnezzar was found wanting. He was found nap needing. lacking. Hello. Lacking. And I can tell you this, it won't be on this side. No. When I get to heaven. When I get to heaven, I won't need nothing. Why? Because I'll have what I've been wanting all my life. Brother Ben says up there, it's not a pretty good day or kind of a good day or a good day of wonder. No, it's perfect. He says it's greater than perfect beyond English vocabulary. You have arrived. And the less were saying that they had arrived. They had not arrived. They were miserable, poor, wretched, naked, and blind and without the knowledge of being in that condition. Now, how many know better Brandon even said he says that was the worst part. The worst part is being in that condition and not knowing it. Maybe maybe we would uh dementia. Maybe we would talk about somebody that has dementia or something and they're out there running the streets naked, cut up, bleeding, completely stripped naked, and somebody comes up to you and says, "Hey, don't you know you're naked? Don't you know you're don't have any clothes on? What? I got clothes on. Maybe they're in Elton. Where are you at? In Hopkinsville, huh? Maybe there's some They don't know where they are. They don't realize they're in that condition. That was Leosa and don't know it. What a terrible place to be. Another thought I had on this not needing anything. In other words, they've come to that place of perfection. Now, how many knows in the stature of a perfect man, we're working towards that stature of a perfect man? We want to become more perfect and more perfect and more perfect. We want to get rid of all of our flaws. We want to come into the full stature of Christ. How many's with me? This is to us Christians who have walked however long we've walked. We still realize that we're not there yet. Even Paul said, "I haven't come to that place yet. I'm not what I used to be. I'm not what I want to be. I'm still progressing. I'm still working on it. But I I don't care how close we get to God. I don't care if you'd be the prophet of God." He was as close as anybody was. But he even said that perfection is not on this side. Cuz as long as you're in this body, you'll make mistakes. Amen. So when you get that perfect body, you'll have arrived. You won't need anything anymore. Cuz in heaven, you're not a needy person. You have everything the way that it's supposed to be. Amen. Praise the Lord. But they had come to the place that they thought they didn't need anything. Praise the Lord. Now, for the next 15 minutes, if I could, I want to take this old thought, and I know one of the brothers preached on this, and I don't just copy off of them or anything, but the Lord brought this into the thought, and I trust it'll be a blessing to you. But I want to talk to you a little bit about having the answer to the devil's question. Amen. Because how many know so many times questions comes up and there has to be an answer for it. A lot of times it'll be a football game, it'll be sports. One game, one team will score a touchdown and the other team will have the ball kicked to them and that uh whoever takes it back. The guy gets the ball to take it back somehow goes all the way back. And they might say, "Well, they come back and they answered. This is their comeback. This is how they answered. This is how they answer to it. Isn't that right? Could be a fight. Could be Muhammad Ali. Could be Mike Tyson and his uppercut. Ain't that right? And he's going to take you down. He took the biggest and the best down with his uppercut. He was deadly. Ain't that right? People flapped their lip and jaws and all kinds of stuff, but landed on the carpet. Ain't that right? And there had to be there had to be an answer for it. We might say, you know, if somebody's going to defeat him, they learn to block, they answer that undercut with a block and straightforward, right? How did you beat him? What was your answer? Ain't that right? And so many times the devil has come and he does things. I'm going to take my wife first before we even go into Bibles, Bible, Bible examples many times because how many knows we have a need for an answer? There has to be an answer. When she was diagnosed, they said what they said that you are going to die with this. We had a testimony meeting. so to speak at the hospital there. Everything was negative. But what was her answer? What did she come back with? My testimony. My testimony is not to die. But it's Isaiah 53. He was wounded for my transgression, bruised for my iniquity. The chastisement of my peace was upon him. And by his stripes, I am healed. That's what I'm coming back with. Hallelujah. The devil said, "Daniel, what are you going to do? They're going to throw you in the lion's den." Because they did not like you praying up in that window. How many know what the devil didn't like? And they come up with a law. Nobody prayed to no other god than this other one. No prayer. Hello. And he prayed anyway. And he was heading. I call it the answer to dead ends. the answer to dead ends. God brings us to dead ends sometimes. And he brought him right into the face, right on the wall, and then over the wall. I don't know how far down it was, but over the wall he went. He went down. He went in the lion's den. The next morning, he says, "Your God is able to deliver you." How did he do it? He said he brought the pillar of fire down in there. Amen. And protected him. God answered. [Applause] He supplied. He has need. He didn't know which way to go. That's why we love the song. He's a way. Oh, he loves to do that. Makes a way. When you need a way, he makes a way. Aren't you glad? I think we should say this. When you It don't matter. We're facing a lion or if we're hitting hitting straight for the fiery furnace. Hello. Straight for it. No side turn. Straight for the fiery furnace. And in the fiery furnace they went. What was God's answer? He took the heat out of the fire. [Laughter] I can't imagine having a torch up here and putting that torch to my hand. Huh? Just let's get bigger. Let's get a little bigger, Brother Caleb. Get you a big old flamethrower. Come up. Just flamethrow me. Huh? And I just stand and say, "Wow, it's not even warm. I'm at the same temperature I was before." But there's flames everywhere. I mean, know God can take the heat out of the flames. Thank you, Lord. Glory. Why? Cuz he's a way maker. When you have a need, he will supply your need. When Paul was in prison and he had a need to get out, how many knows God supplied him with his what he had need of? The jail shook and uh angels came and opened the door. Jehoshaphat, I believe it was, wasn't it? Jehoshaphat that was surrounded by a military and they said, "Don't you stand. Don't trust in your gods." None of the other gods were able to deliver them people. Your God is not able going to be able to deliver you. He went and he dreaded and that night I don't know 80 some thousand soldiers died again. 280 huge number of soldiers were killed. God come down in the camp and killed all the enemy. How many knows God always answers? Amen. All of God's children has had the the answer to the devil's question. And what is that answer? Jesus. That answer is God. How many believes Jesus is the answer? And if you've got Jesus, he will make a way. He will supply your need, no matter what it is. Amen. Well, praise the Lord. All right, I got two more pages, but we're going to do that Sunday, I guess, because we sure won't get through tonight. But I don't know about you, I just love to go through this. Don't you just look at Turn your eyes on Jesus. Look full in his wonderful face. Amen. I don't know what kind of worries I don't know what kind of problems you had at your job today. But I'll tell you this. When I got up this morning, I thought, "Hey, this is Wednesday. Hey, we get to go to church. We get to go praise the Lord. We get to go talk about his word and and talk about God." How many likes when going to church has the right feeling in your heart? How many believes it needs to have the right feeling in your heart? Amen. Cuz too many times, folks, we've gotten too wrapped up with the rich and increase with good things. Amen. And down in our heart, oh yeah. Oh yeah, that's right. I'm going to have to go tonight. No, let's not think like that. Let's keep pressing on. Amen. All right. Praise the Lord. I think what we're going to start with Sunday is the devil asks this layout that we're living in every trap and every snare that's set for you. Everything that's set and we'll start Wednesday, I mean Sunday. It wouldn't be right to make you lukewarm. How are you going to get How are you going to escape it? How are you going to get out of this? How are you going to get out of this? And I'm here to tell you, I'm here to tell you like Joshua did, we're more than able. We're more than able to get out of this out of here. We're more than able. Amen. And we'll talk about that again Sunday. More than able to do it. Why? Because you ain't got a worry in the world. Even the prophet said, "You haven't got a worry in the world when Christ is your God. When he is in here, you have everything that you have need of in this life's journey because he's going to supply you with whatever you have need of. You've got the supplier. Amen. You might be a builder. KC Mills, let's just say they have the lumber. They have everything. They don't, but just some lumber company that has everything that you need to build the house. Hello. You just have to go to that one place and get what you need. That's the way Christ is. Everything you have need of to be a Christian is in Christ. All you got to do is come to Christ. He has everything you have need. And I don't know about you, but I know that we need to be more like Jesus. We need to be We want to We want to be perfect, don't we? We don't want to lack. We don't want to need have a need of the character of Jesus. Hello. Because the five-fold ministry is for the edifying of the body of Christ till we come to that stature of the perfect man. Amen. Till we come into the perfect image of Jesus. That's what we have need of. And Paul said, "I travail in birth. I travail until Christ is formed in you. Even Paul had a need. I'm going to close with this. But while we are satisfied because we have Christ. Hello. While we're completely satisfied that because we have Christ, there is still a portion of us that's not satisfied. In another way, we're not satisfied. Ain't that right? That's right. Because even Paul said, "We who have the first fruits of the spirit do groan." Ain't that right? We're groaning to be clothed upon. Amen. Until, you know, the sons of God are manifested. Until we get raptured and the earnest expectation of the creature is changed. No. How can we be satisfied in this world? That's right. No, we won't be satisfied until we meet him in the air. I was thinking today, you know, brother Bam said that when the rapture take place that Paul's group will come up and they'll come up like a parade, come up there to meet the Lord in the sky. Then Ireneius's group will come up and they'll go up and then Columba and then Luther then Wesley and all of all the saints. How many believe this is not some fiction story? One of these days in our near future that's going to happen. And then he says we'll fall in line and we'll go up to and all the saints of all the ages shall be with them. Then we'll be where we want to be. Then we won't have no need anymore. Hallelujah. Then we'll be completely satisfied because we are with him. But until there's still a need, there's still a dissatisfaction because we want more. Even in our lives, I meant to stop, but even in our lives, how many knows we sing the song, I want more of Jesus, more and more and more. I want more of Jesus than I ever had before. Aren't you glad that you've got a need of having more of God? Why? Because that means there's more of God to be had. Amen. Praise be to God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Here they are. That's what happens when you don't have three pair up here. Amen. God bless you tonight. I hope that was good. Do you enjoy the word? Stand. We'll sing a couple songs, brother. Turn it over to brother Joshua. Amen. Appreciate his labor of love and song. Amen. Amen. Let's bow our heads and talk to the author. Lord Jesus, as we come to the close of the ministering of the word, as we have looked at your word and father, how that you, no matter what the conditions of your children was anywhere, you truly did what Paul said, that you always take care of your children. You always provide them with what they have need of. We've heard the phrase that God supplies supreme grace for the supreme hour. You always take care of what we have need of, Lord. Whether it's by the Red Sea, whether it's little things in our lives, whether it's our young people, whatever it is, you know their need. And we ask God that we would completely trust in you, Father, and put our faith in you, Lord. Knowing God, that if we do come to dead ends, if we come to hard places, it doesn't shake us because, God, we have need of a rock and we got anchored in that rock of ages, which was you, Lord, that we've learned to trust in you, Father. For you are our provided provider. You are our husband, so to speak, God, and you are totally capable of providing us with everything that we have need of, Lord. We ask, God, that you would help us each one to always trust you in every situation that comes our way, Lord. And we commit this service now into your hands in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. God bless you, brother Joshua. From birth to gloryy, I only ask to be like him. Oh, to be like Jesus. To be like [Applause] Jesus. On earth. I long to be like him all through life's journey. From birth to [Music] glory, I only ask to be like him. Amen. He's all I need. He's all I need. He's all I [Music] need. Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. I will worship him and I will worship him. I'll worship him in spirit and in truth. Oh, I worship him. I worship him in spirit and in truth. For he's all I need. He's all I need. [Music] Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. Amen. Man, did you enjoy the word this evening? Amen. It was a blessing. Amen. Just be dismissed this evening and just take this atmosphere with you. And as we go, let's sing pleasing, pleasing, pleasing. Let me be pleased
