################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-24 - Bro Brad Powell • 4/23/25 • Alive For Evermore - Brad Powell - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-24
Title:   Bro Brad Powell • 4/23/25 • Alive For Evermore
Speaker: Brad Powell
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktx5xbUs_sQ
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Do you feel Heat. Heat. [Music] You are. [Music] Amen. You believe there's power in the blood tonight? Let's stand if we could. Amen. Oh, would you be free from your burden of sin? There's power in the blood. Oh, there's power in the blood. Would you or evil of [Music] victories? There's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power. Oh, in the blood. of the lamb. Oh, there is power. Yes, power. What working power in the precious blood of the lamb? And would you be free from your passion and pride? Oh, there's power in the blood. Oh, there's power in the blood. Come for a cleansing to Calories. There's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, just power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. Oh, there is power. Yes, power. What you're working in the preious blood of the lamb? And would you be wider, much wider than snow? Oh, there's power in the blood. Oh, there's power in the blood and sin stains are lost. It is lifegiving. Well, there's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power. Yes, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. And would you deserve us for Jesus your king? Oh, there's power in the blood. Oh, there's power in the blood. And would you live daily his praisees to sing? Well, there's wonderful power in the blood. Lord, help us operate. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working God in the preious blood of the lamb. Amen. And you thankful for that power. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise tonight. Amen. Amen. How many likes good news? Well, we got a couple of praise reports tonight. Sister Sherry went for her heart, her it's your aorta, and her tear is getting better. Little bit, little by little by little, she's getting better. Amen. And God is good. And Sister Parish got an awesome uh God's done a work for her. So, let's give the Lord a hand of praise tonight. Amen. And Amen. And brother John, you feeling better? Praise the Lord for touching Brother John. And I mean, we just we've got some prayer requests tonight, but you know, God's just he's on the move. He don't sleep. He don't get tired and he don't get weary. How many of you ever get frustrated? I know I'm the only one. But you know, God don't, you know, I think if we could see him, he probably laughs at the devil all the time. Cuz whenever Satan tried to destroy Job, what happened? God said, "Well, he's still serving me." So, well, you just keep your hand up on him. Ain't you glad that God keeps his hand up on you tonight? Amen. Brother Josh Rav, would you open the service in a word of prayer tonight? Brother Josh Amen. Let's sing that little chorus if we could, Sister Becky. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Since I laid my burdens down. Well, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, since I laid my burdens down, well, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Since I laid my burdens high, well, I'm feeling Oh, yes. I'm feeling oh so much better. Oh, since I lay my burdens down. Oh yes, I'm feeling oh so much better since I laid mine. Glory, glory once again. Ever glory glory. Oh yes. Hallelu. Oh since I lay my burden down. Oh glory glory. Oh hallelujah. Since I laid my burden. I'm feeling so much better. Oh yes, I'm feeling oh so much better since I laid my burdens down. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm feeling oh so much better since I let my burdens down. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated tonight and it's good to have each and everyone here tonight. It's good to have brother Steve and sister Tracy with us still visiting and just appreciate them being here and she's going to sing for us here in just a little while. So, we're just looking forward to that. Amen. What a fellowship. What a joy divine leaning on the everlasting arms. Excuse me. Well, what a fellowship and what a joy divine leaning on the everlasting arms. The blessedness and what a piece is my leaning on the everlasting arm. Oh yes, I'm leaning. Yes, I'm leaning. Oh, I'm safe and clear from all along. Oh, I'm leaning. Yes, I'm leaning. I'm leaning on the everlasting arms. And oh, how sweet to walk in this pilgrim way, leaning on the everlasting arms. And oh, how bright the path grows from day to day. Leading on the everlasting arm. Oh yes, I'm leaning. Yes, I'm leaning. Oh, I'm safe and secure from all along. Oh yes, I'm leaning. Yes, I'm leaning. Oh, I'm leaning on the everlasting arms. Now what have I to dread and what have I to fear? Leaning on the everlasting arms when I have blessed beast with my Lord so near leaning on the everlasting ar. Oh yes, I'm leaning. Yes, I'm leaning. Oh, I'm safe. Alarm. Oh yes, I'm leading. Yes, I'm leading. Oh, I'm leaning on the life. Sing that last verse again. Now what have I to dread and what have I to fear? Leaning on the everlasting arms will I have blessed beast with my Lord so near. Leaning on the everlasting arm. Oh yes, I'm leaning. Yes, I'm leaning. Oh, I'm safe and secure from all the alarm. Oh, I'm leaning. Yes, I'm leaning. Oh, I'm leaning on the everlasting ark. Amen. Aren't you happy to be safe and secure tonight? Amen. Brother Daniel and brother Michael John, brother John Hersburgger, would you help him take up the offering tonight, please? Uh, Sister Becky, give me a prayer request. says, "Our daughter-in-law Laura needs prayer. Uh, her muscles and joints hurt so bad she can hardly she can barely walk. The doctors are trying steroids and pain meds. Also, pray for Sister Laura's mother. Continue to remember her in prayer. Like we said, we give you the the update on sister Parish. We want to continue to hold her up in prayer that God will just bring her back to where she can come back to the house of the Lord." And uh brother Thomas said she was so happy she's speaking in tongues when he was talking to her on the phone today. And I said, you know, when God does something for you, you get excited. You know, and you know, one of my favorite quotes of of brother Brandhams is when he's talking about that guy was at the baseball game, he got so happy he just grabbed his hat and just jerked it down till it broke it all. He was happy. We ought to be that happy tonight serving the risen Savior tonight. Amen. I believe that with all my heart. And amen. It won't hurt you if you run. You won't scare me. I may chase you. So, it'll be all right. And also, we want to continue to remember Sister Sherry that God will continue to heal her body. And Amen. And also, Sister Donna and Sister Janette. I'm just thankful for what God's done in our midst. Aren't you? And he's just he's just really blessed us with a lot of healing. And continue to brother remember brother Caleb. He's getting over COVID. We want to continue to remember him. And I text brother Tommy tonight. He said Lyric was some better. So we still want to remember brother Lyric in prayer. And Amen. We're going to uh Brother Steve, would you come up here and pray over these needs? Come ahead, brother Steve. And it's good to have them with us tonight. And we're going to just have brother Steve pray over these prayer request tonight. And amen. If you have need on your heart, you might let it be known by the uplifted hand tonight. God bless you, young man. Let's go before the Lord. Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, we come once again to you today, Lord, giving you thanks for the desire in our hearts to be here today, Lord Jesus. We're so glad, oh Father God, that you led our footsteps to this very place, Lord, to the house of God. And father, I was thinking about your servant King David, Lord, when he said that one day in the house of the Lord is better than a thousand outside. And Lord, that is so true. Oh God, if we are here just once, Lord, what a blessing it is, Lord. We rather be here than anywhere else, Lord, because this is this is where Father God is. This is where your presence is. This is where we can lay lay down our burdens at your feet, Lord. No matter what they may be. Father, we bring these prayer requests before you, oh God. You know them all, Father. Before they were pinned down, there were there was faith in the hearts of those people, Lord, who took it upon themselves to cry out to you in faith. And we pray, heavenly father, oh God, that as you had respect unto the faith of Abel back at the beginning, Lord, we pray that you would have respect unto the faith of those, Lord, who pinned down these requests, Lord. May you come and meet them in a special way, Lord. And not only those, oh Lord, that were read, not only those requests that were unspoken, but oh God, we all have needs. Some have spiritual needs, other have financial needs, other have Lord, just needs everywhere. But we're so glad that heavenly father, we serve a mighty God. We serve a living God. And we know that you're touched by the feelings of our infirmities. Lord, we know you're moved when we pray. And you're a merciful. You're a merciful God. You love fatherhood. And you love to bless your children, Lord. So we pray you come Lord to those who are in need at this time. And we pray that Lord you would touch them in a special way. Lord may you confirm your word with signs following for themselves. Lord may they know they come into the presence of the living God to receive what they have need of. Lord you promised in your word that you would meet all of our needs. you would you didn't promise that you give us our wants, Lord. But our needs are met, Lord, because it's a promise that was given by you to us, Lord Jesus. Father, we pray for the offering that will be taken up, Lord. May you multiply it and may it serve its purpose for what is given for, Lord. Lord, we love you tonight and we just thank you for all these things. We bless your wonderful name, Lord. Father, we're just happy to be here at your feet, ready to receive what you will have for us tonight. Lord, in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, we pray today. Amen. Amen. Father, I appreciate you. Oh, heavenly father, I appreciate you. Oh heavenly father, I appreciate you. Oh yes Lord. Oh I love you. Adore you. I bow down before you. Heavenly Father I appreciate you. Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. And Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. Oh, you lead me. You guide me. Your dwelling inside me. Holy Spirit, you're a comforter to me. Amen. You thank him for his goodness tonight. Amen. Sister Tracy, if you'd come, you can come now. Amen. [Music] [Music] One day I'm going to take a step toward my theophony. One day I'm going to take another step into my theophony. One day I know the final step. It's going to set me free. My theophony I hear it calling me. And it's called come up a little higher into the perfect word. Come up a little higher into the agape love. Come up a little higher. Soaring through the heavenly theoping I hear it calling me. Don't you worry little children when death knocks on my door. Don't you know that death is a doorway that leads to the heavenly shore? over there. There's no heartache, no sorrow, grief or pain, but perfect love, peace and joy beyond compare. One day I'm going to take a step toward my theophony. One day I'm going to take another step into my theophony. One day I know the final step is going to set me free. My theophony I hear it calling me and it's calling. Come up a little higher to to the perfect word. Come up a little higher into the a love. Come up a little higher. Soaring through the heavenly theophony. Oh, I hear it calling me. And over the next hill I look. Oh, I see victory around the next curve in the road. That old devil, he's got to flee. God's army is marching, marching onward to slay that old enemy around the next turn. I seeking Jesus coming for me. One day I'm going to take a step toward my theophony. One day I'm going to take another step into my theophony. One day I know the final step is going to set me free. My theophony and I hear it calling me and it's calling. Come up a little higher into the perfect word. Come up a little higher into the agape love. Come up a little higher. Soaring through the heavenly my theophony. I hear it calling me. And it's calling. Come up a little higher into the perfect word. Come up a little higher into the agape love. Come up a little higher. Soaring through the heavenly. My theophony. Oh, I hear it calling me. My theophony. I hear it calling me. My theophony. I hear it calling me. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. How many enjoyed that? Amen. Give her sister Trish another hand. Amen. Amen. Amen. You hear your thought calling you up tonight. Amen. God bless you. Enjoyed that song tremendously. Amen. Amen. Well, let's stand and get ready for the word tonight. And Amen. And how many's hearts has been blessed already? Amen. Now, you know, I had a salad the other night. It was really good. But you know what? Come after that salad was awesome. And that's where we're at right now. We're ready for the awesome part tonight. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing that little chorus as Brother Brad comes tonight. Shut in with God in a secret place. How many wants to be shut in with him tonight? Amen. And I tell you that song just got gets just I don't know how to explain how it makes me feel. Amen. Just so good to be in the presence of the Lord. Oh, shut in with God in a [Music] secret place. [Music] There in the spirit, beholding his face, gaining new power to run in the race. Oh, I long to be shut in with God. Once again as brother Brad comes tonight. Oh shut in with God in a secret place. There in the spirit behold in his face. I'm gaining new power to run in the race. Oh, how I love to be shut in with God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Good to be in the house of the Lord. I think y'all's about having a jubilee. At least I was. So, that's one of my favorite songs, sister, is my theophony. I love it. And I actually request it sometimes when I go to church. I know they sing it. And maybe we can maybe we can break loose on that here one time as a congregation. It might do us all a little good. Will you thank Sister Becky? Amen. Praise the Lord. Turn in your Bibles if you would to Revelations chapter 1. Certainly glad to be be here and be able to be a help for our pastor. And when he's called on us, we've able to help and minister. And if you'll endure, we'll we'll just preach tonight. And I don't say if you'll endure, if you'll pull, we'll preach tonight. If you endure, we're not going to do much. So, we'll just let the Lord have his way. And I I had to I was kind of at a I guess you would call it a writer's block, if that's what you want to call it. And kind of was thinking, man, I don't know what we're going to preach on. But then just just like that, as I began to pray and get my mind before the Lord and my heart before the Lord, things started coming. And I believe the Lord's really got something that'll be good for us tonight. So I won't keep you standing long. I'm going to read Revelations chap out of chapter 1 verse 18. And it says, I am he that liveth and was dead, and behold, I am alive forever more. Amen. and I have the keys of hell and of death. My title this evening will be alive forever more. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we come before you tonight with grateful hearts. Thankful Lord to be in your house that you've allowed us another opportunity to come and just to hear what you would have in store for us. So Lord, we come with expectations tonight and we just ask that you would just fill our plate tonight and and satisfy our appetite for more of you. Lord, that you would just move in a mighty way tonight. speak to our hearts. Encourage those that are downhearted or downcast and encourage uh the ones who need encouraging. Lift up those who are down and brokenhearted and sad and afflicted, Lord, and those who are sick. We ask that you would touch them tonight and through the ministering of your word. May they find their healing and may we find our peace and may we find you, Lord, the the breath and the life of us all. We love you, Lord, with all of our hearts in Jesus name. Amen. And you can be seated alive forever more. You know, Jesus when he was on the cross, and this has been kind of circulating through through social media and little clips and so forth. So, if you've heard it, that's fine. It's worth repeating. When Jesus was on the cross and he cried out, "It is finished." And then you look at that and you look at what that means. There's more. It's a little deeper than what we think. And we look at it in and in the Greek there's a word that's totalisty. Tatelisty. And when you look at that Greek word to telly in in the business realm, it means that the debt has been p fully paid in full. It's they write it on a on a receipt to tell us. Your debt has been paid in full. In the court system, they use that word in the Greek to telly. It means that the sentence has been fully served. Thank you, Lord. And on the battlefield, the military uses it to tell us that the battle has been won. So when Jesus was on the cross and he's up there and he's bleeding and dying, he's hanging on the cross and he cries out, "It is finished or to tell us," what is he saying? He is he is declaring that the debt of your sin has been fully paid. The judgment for your sin has been fully served and the war against death has been completely won. To tell us and so when we think about that word, we're looking here and I want to look at this tonight. I want to just continue with the thought of the cross and what happens after that. And we're looking here and I want to go right into a story where the prophet comes in and and he says there was a couple by the name of one Cleopus and so forth. You know, the Bible doesn't tell who was with Cleopus. You can't find it. It's not in there. But here they are here. This couple is is walking and they're on the road to Emmas. And the prophet says they're going on the road to Emmas and they're sad and they're they're sadhearted. They're brokenhearted and they're going along the way and they're talking about this and they're talking about how bad it was and they're talking about how bad it was and then all of a sudden he said someone stepped out of the bushes. And he said someone stepped out of the bushes and this man was was just an ordinary man. He he was no different dressed. He he looked like the rest. He wore his hair, his beard, everything looked the same. And he looked like the rest of them. He wasn't any different. And we don't need him to be a great different. His life proved his credentials. His life proved his credi credentials. He said, "And that's what God wants us to be. He wants our lives to prove our credentials." Amen. He said, then he began to talk along the way and and and he says, "Brethren, why are you so sad? Think about this. The death, burial, and resurrection had just taken place. Brethren, why are you so sad? And they look at him, they said, "Are you a stranger from around here, sir? Do you not know what has happened? The whole country is torn up. The whole country is torn up with what's going on. And we're walking on our road back to the home because we thought Jesus of Nazareth was the prophet. We thought he was the king of Israel. We thought he was the Messiah." And now he is dead. They've buried him. They pierced him in his heart. They put him in the ground. And they And now they buried him away. They put him away. And now to add matters word worse matters on this third day there's women that's went down to the grave. And they say they seen visions of angels and they say that he's alive, that he's risen. But we can't believe that. That's just a story. We're they were just carrying on. So going along here, the resurrected savior, he looks at these guys and says, "You fools, and you're slow of heart not to believe all that the prophets have said concerning Christ, how he must suffer, how he must die, and how he must rise again on the third day. How slothful are you?" Woo. Turn to Luke chapter 24. We'll read here. Luke chapter 24 verse one. Now upon the first day of the week. Are you there? Say amen when you're there. On the first day of the week, notice that. I want you to keep that in your mind. the first day of the week. Very early in the morning, they came unto the suppler bringing spices which they had prepared and certain others with them. And they found the stone rolled away from the suppler. Now, in our minds, we read that and we think, "Praise God, he's alive. The cross couldn't hold him. The grave couldn't keep him. Death couldn't defeat him. He's alive." That's right. But what did those believers think? They entered in and they found not the body of the Lord Jesus. And it came to pass they were much perplexed. Perplexed. They were completely baffled. I hope you I hope you're going with me. But they were completely baffled. They were perplexed. There about two men stood about them in shining garments. And as they were what? Afraid. Is this a time to be afraid when the savior of the world has just resurrected and they're looking at here and they're bringing spices to embalm and they're looking here and they're afraid and they fall down on their faces and what does the angel say? Why seek ye the living among the dead? It took an angel of God to pull the remembrance of what was supposed to happen. That's right. He's not here, but he's risen. remember how he spake unto you when he was in Galilee. And so, in other words, they're saying, "Listen, ladies, can't you remember what he told you would happen?" The very angels of God are bringing to remembrance the events day after day. He'll be suffering. He'll have to cru crucify. He'll have to die for three days. He'll lay in the ground. Then, he'll rise again. Can't you remember what he said? And they say, "The son of man should must be delivered into the hands." And they tell him this and he'll rise on the third day. And they remembered the words. Brothers and sisters, if we could just remember the words. If we could just remember the words tonight during our struggles, during our darkest hours, we need to remember the words. It is finished to tell us. Our debt's been paid. Sickness has been defeated. Sorrows are now joy. This is what the angel was trying to remember, bring to their remembrance. And and they returned from the suppler and told all these things to the 11 and to all the rest. Now I want you to watch this. So now during all this hard times, grief is surrounding this group of believers. Notice I said believers. And here they are surrounded in grief. and they're they're surrounded and they're during hard times and they're crying and they're mourning and they're wailing believers over a risen savior. Hm. And all of a sudden, these these ladies start to remember the words of Jesus. And they start to stand on these words. And they begin to use the words to to build a foundation on which the gospel is to be shared. And Mary and Joanna, they begin to testify. Listen guys, listen what's happened. We went down there to the tomb and the tomb was rolled. The the the the stone was rolled away and he wasn't there. Amen. They begin to tell these other apostles. And what does it say in verse 11? Their words seemed to them as idol tales and they believed them not. Huh? Isn't that an amazing thing in the Bible? We overlook that because this scripture means so much to us. It encompasses our whole life, our whole well-being, our whole victory, our whole eternal life is right here in this scripture. And here they are. They can't even believe it. Brother Brandham's talking. He's telling them more about this road to Emmas. And he's talking, he says, I want you to look how beautiful. Look at this. Christ among the sad and the brokenhearted. That's where he goes. Amen. Aren't you thankful? That's where he goes. They were going along in their darkest hour that they had ever seen. All their hopes was gone. Listen now. These these brothers have been put out of church. They've been kicked out of their groups. They had been kicked out of society, out of their synagogues because they believed on him. They trusted on Jesus Christ. And now here he was dead, lying in the tombs. So they think You see, sometimes our stinking thinking gets us in trouble. These are believers. These were Christians. These were the followers, the apostles of Jesus Christ, the disciples of Jesus Christ. And their stinking thinking puts them in a in a bondage. And sometimes it's our thinking of negativity and fear and doubt that puts us in bondage. And he said, "Now here was some women had come around with a little story about a vision. They'd seen some angels and they tell the and they and and tell his disciples that he would meet them in Galilee. But they couldn't believe that. Why? Because they were brokenhearted. They were sad. They were crying. And there the lovely Jesus appears amongst the brokenhearted all along. The very thing they had the most need of, they were rejecting. The very thing they had the most need of in their lives, they were denying. We're going to get to why later. And it's really astounding. Astounding when we look at it. He said he walked there with them men and began to talk to them. And he began to tell them, "Well, you ought to believe what the prophet said. You ought to believe all of the scriptures." All of the scriptures that was written. He says concerning Christ that he must suffer and die and rise again. But they were too brokenhearted. After a while, he began to speak. And there was something about this man. And he said he spoke just a little different. This man, he said he spoke different from other men. He wasn't from the average line of man. He said there was something about him that seemed to have such a deep sincerity in his voice. Can you imagine the voice of Jesus? And he begins to explain the scriptures to him. He said there was something about this meaning. There was something about the meaning in the scriptures. He began to explain them because he was a scriptural teacher. He said, "And the prophet said that Christ would die and raise again, and how their hearts begin to burn within them. Something be to take place. Something be to move on the inside as they begin to hear the words and Jesus begins to speak to them. Something be to move on the inside of them." And he says, listen to this. He said, "And they journeyied on and they talked through the day slowly walking right with the resurrected Christ and they didn't even know it." The quote don't stop there. Listen to what he says. He says, "How many times has he sat in the seat with you? How many times has he stood with you in the hours of your trials, of your troubles, and you didn't recognize it? Oh, I can say I've been guilty as I look back in my life and I say there was times I went through things that I thought I was on my own and I was all alone, but it was God standing there all along, standing by my side, leading me and guiding me and giving me a good spirit about myself. [Applause] And he said, "How many times was he at the wheel when you were almost killed in an accident and you didn't even know it? How many times you didn't recognize him? How that he was with you when the barrel was empty and the cruise was dry. You know, a lot of us we look back or we could should be able to look back. Most of us in here come from meager beginnings. I would say most of us in here now can probably say the Lord has blessed us. We we're doing good. We we we really don't have need a need for nothing. We may want some things, but our needs are met. But you can probably look back at a time when your cruise was dry. And he said, "How many times was that there when there was nothing for the babies and how that man come and set them groceries down on the front door for whatever reason it was." He said, "That was Christ. That was Christ right there. That was Christ. And he's alive today. Not dead, but he's alive." And that's the way it is in our life. He's still alive today. meeting our needs, our children's needs. He's moving in our midst. How quickly and how many times we find ourselves, think about this, in phenomenal church services. We find ourselves in phenomenal church services and and we feel the spirit moving amongst us a and there's such a presence that sweeps through the building and we pray at times that the Lord sweep through each aisle and we can feel that presence sweep through and and he's meeting each need and he's touching each heart and he's going and visiting each heart along the way and at that moment and under that inspiration you You throw your shoulders back. You feel unstoppable at that time when that spirit is moving in your life and the music's playing, the anointing's on, and you're feeling lightfooted. You can't be beat, Satan. You can't beat me with anything you throw at me. Why? Because I'm an invincible army. I'm moving under that inspiration, under that spirit. And you wake up and it's Monday morning. We just got done with Easter and one of my favorite sermons is SM Lockheart. Are you familiar with him? Probably most of you probably not. Black minister from in the early 1900s. His name is SM Lockheart. He wasn't expected to live. He wasn't given hope to live. He they they doctors had given him up. His mama named him SM Lockheart. Shadrach, Mach Lockheart. She left a bindigo out, but that's what SM is. And he's the one that preaches the sermon that's been played for thou for hundreds for for the last 10 decades. Sunday's coming. It's Friday. We like that part, don't we? We like that part. Jesus is praying. Peter's asleeping. Judas is betraying, but Sunday's coming. And he preaches that sermon over and over. It's Friday. Pilots are struggling. The council's constru conspiring. The the the the the crowd is vilifying. But Sunday's coming. Well, I'm here to tell you, Sunday's come and gone. Monday's just happened. Yeah, we get under the inspiration of those kinds of thoughts and those under under the inspiration of those kinds of sermons and the preachers that are pouring out their heart under the inspiration invincible. But Monday, I can't count the number of times that I've approached someone on a Monday morning. You know, I was a director for seven, eight years. It was my job to keep everybody on the up and up. So when I was when I was mad, when I was sad, when I was depressed, when I I had to wear a smile. So I'd go in on Monday morning. I can't tell you the number of times I would go in with a big smile on my face and say, "Good morning. How are you today?" And their reply is, "Well, it's a Monday." Oh, you've heard that, too. It's a Monday. It's a Monday. They're dwelling on a Monday. They're dwelling on a negativity. They're living in a place that their minds then go into a negative place and all day long it's Monday. Are we ever going to get through with Monday? And if they're having a real bad week on Thursday, you say, "How's your day going?" It's just another Monday. But they're living in those negative realms. They're living in negativity. And let me tell you what negativity scientifically has been proven to do to the human being. Oh, it's quiet now. Negativity has been scientifically proven. And this is why it's so important that we stay in a positive atmosphere, that we stay in the word. You know, there's nothing negative in the word. If you're having a bad day, open the word. If you're having a bad day, go to prayer. If you're having a bad day, recite scripture. But negativity leads to a variety of negative outcomes, including physical health issues, mental health issues, diminished ability to f to function effectively in daily life. It can also impact relationships and decision making. From the physical health, your immune system becomes suppressed. and that person's sick all the time. Now, if you're if you're a person that suffers from some sickness, I'm not saying you're a negative person, but I'm saying these are some of the symptoms that can happen under negativity. This Monday morning attitude, the immune system begins weakened. You become suscept susceptible to illness. Negative mo emotions can affect your digestion potentially leading to stomach problems and slowed digestion. You ever heard of irrital bowel syndrome? You didn't hear about that 40 years ago. Did you ever, brother Steve? Am I telling right? Never. But all of a sudden in this age, in this world of negativity, headaches, fatigue, chest pain, common physical symptoms associated with stress and negative thinking, changes in your metabolism. Uhoh. Why can't I lose no weight? Let's say it the other way. Why can't I gain no weight? You know, there's people that actually say that I just want to choke them. I just can't drink enough protein. I can't eat enough eggs. Shut up. But negativity affects your metabolism. Gain weight, lost weight. It disrupts your metabolism, impacting your weight and your energy levels. Negative thoughts interfere with your sleep, your quality, and your quantity. It leads to insomnia and sleep disturbances. You think maybe that might have a part to do with nightmares. Anxiety and depression. Negativity, negative thinking is the one major contributor is the major contributor to anxiety and depression. There was a whole lot more, but I only picked out some that I thought was pertinent. So this scientific evidence, what is this scientific evidence proving? It's proven that Satan wants you dwelling in negative thoughts. You see why negativity is so forced upon us? Why negativity is is just pushed and pushed and pushed? Brothers and sisters, there is an actual disease called Monday morning blues. They've named it. They've named it. They've named it because the Monday morning blues as a feeling of dread. You don't want to go to work. You don't want to go see your boss. You don't want to see your fellow employees. Everybody's blue. Everybody's mad. They didn't want the weekend to end. There's no excitement. Brother Josh, behave. I'll get to you in a minute. They don't feel the excitement. The work is beginning to build up on them. They feel overwhelmed in their workplace. Now, let me ask you, as a Christian, how many times as a Christian have you thought, "Man, I sure don't want Sunday to end." Come on, church. That would have been a little louder on that. Because why? We get into a church atmosphere. We become in a in a in a place with brothers and sisters of like precious faith. We begin to worship around the word of God. We begin to sing the songs of Zion. We begin to worship our Lord and lift him up on high. And we get in that atmosphere. And we don't want Sunday to end. Let me tell you, Sunday don't have to end. Sunday don't have to end. You can take Sunday with you on Monday, on Tuesday, on Wednesday, on Thursday, on Friday, on Saturday, until th Sunday again. You don't have to quit worshiping and serving and being happy in God just because the service is over. It's not because the preacher's preaching. It's not because the song leader singing. It's because he lives. He lives within my heart. I take him with me everywhere I go. I don't leave him here on Sunday. Oh, if you We shouldn't be s as Christians, we shouldn't be suffering from the Monday morning blues. We ought to be singing with the with the Monday morning blessings. We ought to be reflecting back on the word and says, "I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me." Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid. Do not be discouraged. For the Lord your God will be with you wherever you go. That's what I want to recite on Monday morning. It's the blessings. Do not fear. How many of you ever wake up on Monday and you have that little anxiety pulling? Somebody be honest. Thank you. It's okay. It's that little anxiety that pulls and says, "My goodness, what am I going to have to do this week? What am I going to have to tackle this week? What is Satan going to throw at me this week?" And you begin to think of all the tasks that you have to do. But the Bible says, "Do not fear, for I am with you." Don't be dismayed. Don't be dismayed about this, for I am your God. When you think you're not strong enough, I will strengthen you and help you. You see, the Bible has an answer for every bit of negativity we face. We just have to get in there and find it. We have to dig in there and says, "I will uphold you with my righteous hand." It's not you. It's him on the inside. It's him on the inside holding you up, saying, "Keep pushing. Keep pushing. You're one of mine. Keep pushing. You say, "Well, I don't know if I can do it." Where's your hope? Because the Bible says, "Those who hope in the Lord will have their strength renewed." They will soar on wings like eagles. That's not a place of anxiety. That's not a place of fear. That's a place of freedom. That's a place of freedom. When you're soaring like eagles and you run and you never grow weary. Isn't that a feeling? Can you imagine? Can you imagine what it would be like? You know, I I I occasionally jog a little bit. Occasionally, I said when my knees ain't hurting, my ankles ain't rolled. And after about two miles, you reach to a point that is called a runner's high. And you feel like you can just keep going. Well, maybe some of you's never reached two miles. But at two miles, you feel like you can just keep going. Your breathing's regulated. Your legs quit burning. And at four miles, you think, man, will I ever stop? And after about five, five or six miles, I finally say, I got to go home. I got stuff I got to do. But we run. It's a feeling that you run and you don't grow weary. There's nothing to worry about. You run and you don't grow weary. You walk and not faint. When when do I do all this is the day that the Lord has made. Let us rejoice and be glad in it. That's every single day. We just celebrated the death, burial, and resurrection of our Lord and Savior this Sunday. But what now? What happens now? Monday. Let me show you. Oh, I'm having fun. And that clock's moving fast. It's having fun, too. It's moving. Day one after the resurrection, early in the morning, there's a group of several women, Mary, Magdalene, they they run to the tomb and they they go to complete the burial customs of of uh on behalf of Jesus. And so here they are in mourning and they're grieving after the greatest event that has ever taken place in the world's existence. And they're thinking negative thoughts. You say, "How do you know they were negative thoughts?" Well, if they were having positive thoughts, they wouldn't have needed any spices to embalm the body of Jesus. If they were thinking the thoughts they should have been thinking, they would have been saying, "Where's he at? Come see me, Lord. I know you hear me." If they were thinking the right kind of thoughts. But they go to the tomb and they look and they're alarmed. And Mary runs to Peter and John. And I want you to watch this is all through Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. You have to dig into all of it to put it in chronological order. And they run to to Peter and John and with this distressing news, they've robbed the grave. They didn't come and say, "He's alive." They said, "He's robbed the grave. They've taken him. Why have they taken my Lord?" And so Peter, meanwhile, Peter and John, uh, they go in there to investigate her claims. They go in there and investigate. They want to see for their self that this body is gone. Well, Peter, knowing who he is, the little rock with a little bit of revelation, he goes back through there and and Peter and John, they begin to look at this and John, not Peter, John begins to believe that the resurrection has happened. It doesn't say what Peter's thinking. His his his thoughts aren't recorded. But John's beginning to think that this has happened. The other women that were with him reported angels to the apostles, Peter and John. They've not returned yet. So those women go to the remaining nine apostles and tell them the story. And they're in total disbelief. You are crazy. Why would the garrison of soldiers move the stone away and steal the body? You're crazy. And the Bible says that Mary then lingers around and weeps and cries and is fearful at the tomb. So now here's Mary. She's sitting at the tomb and she's boohooing and crying and she's looking in the tomb to see and trying to figure out what's going on. She's in disbelief. And all of a sudden, two angels look at her and they say, "I wonder why she's weeping." And from behind her, she's approached. Now, she doesn't look directly onto this guy. She thinks maybe it's the gardener, maybe it's somebody tending to the tombs, maybe it's somebody tending to the cemetery. And she's just boohooing and boohooing. And he says, "Mary, My Lord, my Lord. At the sound of his voice, Mary, she begins to look and she knows and she runs and she clings to him because now she knows my Lord is alive. This is Jesus's first appearance. the very first time he shows himself to the believers after his resurrection. And Mary's now clinging to him. And Jesus sends her back to the apostles with the news to prepare that he's going to be there later in the day. Go tell them I'm going to come later in the day. I'm going to show myself. The other women depart to go tell the go the the apostles what's going on. They're on their way back home. And Jesus appears to them. He sends them back the second time now that he has shown himself to his believers or should we say the doubters. Now let me ask you, is this Monday ever going to end? That's just the morning. This is the first day after the resurrection. So now is this Monday morning ever going to end? Later that same day, there's two disciples walking on their way to Emmas and they're pondering on what they've heard about the rumors of a resurrection. So now they're walking back and Jesus comes out behind them, steps out of the bushes like the prophet says, and he begins to walk with them along the way. And the Bible tells us that their eyes were holding that they should not know him. So I want you to think about this, brothers and sisters. Here they are. They have locked eyes with Jesus. They've locked eyes with Jesus as he's talked along the way. Their ears have heard the very voice lip to ear. They've rubbed shoulders on this road to Emmas. Now, I want you to know this road to Emmas, the travel distance was about seven miles long. Seven miles I can do. I can walk about four miles walking four miles in an hour. So let's just figure for two to two and a half hours because the prophet said they walk slowly. They walking along the way for two and a half hours. And Jesus is talking small talk with these guys. These two followers, this disciples, Cleopus and the unknown. Some say it was his wife, some say it was Luke, some say it's you. Put yourself in the shoes. They say that's why they left the story the way it is so that you can identify yourself in that in that journey. Two and a half hours they're walking with the resurrected savior of the entire world and they don't even know it. Think about this. Sometimes we beat ourselves down so much when we fail to realize that God is moving in our midst. We don't give oursel enough credit. We don't give God enough credit in our lives. We fail to realize all of the goodness. You got a clothes on your back. You got a roof over your head. You got a job. You got food on your table. You got kids in your house. Your kids are serving the Lord. your business is prospering, your home is doing well. And we then then we begin to look and we get discouraged. I'm so discouraged. Nobody appreciates me. Nobody cares. Where's your Jesus? That's right. Where's your Jesus? That's right. He's supposed to be right here. That's right. I went to a nursing home the other day and this lady that that's working there, she worked there a year and a half ago. Let me back up to a year and a half. I've told this story. My wife says I've never told her or told this story. She's like, "Are you never told?" I said, "Yeah, I've told the church. You must have been sleeping." I didn't really tell her that. I just said that here. Lord, help me. will. But I went to this nursing home about a year and a half ago and there was this woman. She's in her office and just boohoo and crocodile tears. And she's crying with all and she's heaving. You know how you get the heaves when you get to crying. And she's heaving and she says, "Brad, aren't you a preacher?" I said, "I am." She said, "Would you please pray for me?" I said, "What in the world is going on?" She said, "I've been married for TW, I think it was 27 years, faithfully married. My husband has started cheating with another woman." She said, "Will you pray for me?" Now, listen now. I'm I I I'm in no man's land. Timbook two. They don't know me. And it's an awkward situation. I look at her dress. I look at the, you know, I look at the, we're human. We look at the outer appearance. She don't look a lot like us. But she had a need in her life. She was hurting so much on the inside. She said, "Would you pray that God will save my marriage?" I said, "I'll do that." And I know she didn't mean when I got home. So I said, "You get one of the other girls here to come in here, one of the other ladies that works here to come in here." And I said, "We'll pray." She called her friend. She was boohooing. She already knew what was going on. And we just put put our hands on her shoulder and we began to pray. And I said, "God, you hear the cries of your people. You know the pain. You know the suffering. You know the hurt. you know how broken she is, but her desire is for her marriage to be restored. I said, "Lord, we know this is going to take time. This is going to take patience. This is going to take you, but it can be." I come back about two or three weeks later. I I make a route. She's not working there anymore. I said, "Where's so and so?" He said, "She's having such a rough time. She can't be on time for work. She couldn't put in her hours. She couldn't she couldn't dedicate herself like she was supposed to. So, she just finally she just said, "I quit. Life's too hard. I quit." I thought, "My goodness. My goodness." for over the next year, every time I would go, I would just kind of wonder because a lot of times in nursing homes, if you've been around them, you know, people kind of make a route. They work a while, they quit, they work a while, they they quit, they work a while. And I kept thinking, one of these days, maybe she'll come back. So I I go to the administrator and I say, "Hey, have you heard from so- and so?" Because the admin she was the administrator's right hand, basically. And I said, and for a year, I said, "Are you going to hire anybody to help you because you're getting kind of overworked." I could see it. She said, 'N no, I can't find nobody. I can't find nobody. I said, 'Well, have you have you talked to so and so? I'm not going to call her name. Have you talked to so and so? And she said, "Yeah, but she's not ready to come back to work." I said, "Okay." About a year and a half now passes currently up to two weeks ago, four four weeks ago. And I walk in and she's sitting at the desk behind the desk on the computer. And I said, 'Hey, what are you doing? She said, Brad, I'm back. And I'm married. Amen. We got involved in a good church and me and my husband worked things out. She said, "I think about that a lot when you prayed for me that day." She said, "But I want you to know God worked everything out in our lives. He's faithful. I'm faithful. We're happy." And I said, "Praise the Lord. I'm so happy for you. And I was over at the computer getting ready to run some stuff off at the printer and there was a little Jesus on there. You seen those little Jesuses? Have anybody seen them little Jesus? I wanted I've been want one of them little Jesus so bad. I mean I I I've been wanting to I was going to buy them by the hundreds and hand them out. They little bitty look like about the size of a Lego. They call them little Jesus. And I said, 'Hey, there's a little Jesus. And she said, 'You want one?' I said, 'You got one? You got an extra one? Because you're not supposed to take them if it's somebody's only Jesus, you know. And she said, I got a pocket full. She said, I give them out everywhere I go. You can have a little Jesus. I said, I need a little Jesus. Let me have him. I put that little Jesus in my pocket. I carried that little Jesus with me. I brought it out. I showed you. I said, look what I got. I got a little Jesus. She said, "Where'd you get that?" So, I go to tell her a story and I get in the truck and it's sticking in my pocket. So, I stick it out and I put it on the dash of my truck and he's been riding there for the last few days. We coming to church tonight and she looks she says, "How you got that Jesus standing up there?" I said, "Jesus, don't fall. Jesus don't fall." But that just goes to show you what God can do when you apply him in our lives. When you believe and you stand on faith and you work and you let God move on the scene instead of beating ourselves down. Be what God wants you to be. After this seven mile journey, Jesus is now sharing a meal with these two disciples, Cleopus and the unknown. And Jesus is sharing this meal with the disciples and he begins to break the bread. And something about breaking that bread draws a remembrance into their mind because you know there was a time when Jesus broke the bread. There was a few loaves and a couple of fishes. But Jesus took those five loaves and began to break. And he broke and he handed and he broke and he handed and he broke and he handed and he broke and he handed and they said, "Hey, I've seen that before. I've seen that before." And he began to break the bread. And as he was breaking, they it brought back to their remembrance of what he was and who he was. And they said, "This is the one who fed over 20,000 people. Look at him. Look at him, Cleopus. Look at him. And he began to break bread again. And he said, "Here, bless." And then they see the nail scars in his hands. Did you ever realize when he broke the bread, he had to show them palms up. Look at the nail scars in my hands. Their eyes came open. Their eyes came open. They He revealed his true identity. They've been talking about this death, this burial, this resurrection. They were so sad. But when he spoke and when he broke bread, their hearts began to burn on the inside. This was the third time now Jesus has showed himself to unbelieving or I should say doubting believers. You got to remember this. This wasn't the people who mocked him. This wasn't the people who spit on him. This wasn't the people who who who uh tortured him and and wanted to see him and cried for him to be crucified. This was not the people. This was the people who loved him. This was the people who followed him. This was the people who adored him. But yet they could not see. These two disciples returned that evening to go to Jerusalem. And they say, "Go, let's go tell the apostles." So, Cleopus and the Unnamed go and they begin to tell the apostles what happened. Let me tell you what happened on our way here. You'll never believe this. And they didn't. They didn't believe them no more than they believed when the women come and told them. But at some point along the way, Peter says, "I got to think about this. I'm going to have to take me a little walk." And so Peter goes out now and he begins to take him a walk and he's thinking now I've heard about Mary's story. I've seen the stone rolled away. The tomb is empty. I've hear Cleopus tell a story and John believes it and I and Cleopus tells me about Jesus coming and talking to him and he had nail scarred hands and he began to break the bread just like he did. And all of a sudden, Jesus steps out, says, "Peter, the fourth time, Jesus shows himself to doubting believers." And he steps out there and he begins to tell them, "Now all of a sudden, the disciples are believers and they're apologizing to Cleopus, hey, we're so sorry that we didn't believe you. How could we not believe when we know what was about to happen? How could we not have believed that?" Let me ask you, how can you not believe for your healing when you're sick? How can you not believe for your children when they're running ragged? The word says ask. The word says to believe. The word says have faith and ye shall. Amen. Jesus appears to this small gathering and he's telling them all he's going to do. And they come in, they say, "Here, let's fix you some boiled fish and some honeycomb. And Jesus says, "You're starting to figure this out because spirits don't have flesh and spirits don't eat." So now there's Thomas. Poor Thomas. I tell you what, everybody gives Thomas a hard time, but let me tell you, after tonight, don't you ever give Thomas a hard time again. Because he wasn't the only doubter in the house. Amen. He may need a little more convincing. And here comes Thomas now. He wasn't with the rest of the followers. And so the followers now were telling him, "Hey, we saw the Lord. We saw the Lord and you ain't going to believe this." Ain't that something how we tell people what they ain't going to believe and we want them to believe it? You ain't going to believe this, Thomas. But we were walking. True story. And Thomas said, "Now that's that's a little far-fetched. That's a little hard to believe. And I'm going to have to see those nails in his hand and the the wound. I'm going to have to stick my hand in his side before I ever believe this far-fetched story you boys are telling. Let me go. You going to tell me next you caught a fish this this big? cuz y'all sure are stretching your imagination because this ain't happening. And you know what happens? But God is so mindful of our characters. Eight days later, not the same day, not the next day, eight days later, the apostles with Thomas are in a locked room. Let me say that again. They're in a locked room and they're having a little meeting, a little pow-wow, and all of a sudden it says the Lord stepped in. That's all the convincing I need right there. When somebody walks through walls and through doors that are locked, don't need to tell me nothing else. I believe. But here he is. He comes in there and he looks at him and he says, "Look at here, Thomas. put your finger right here and shove your hand right here in my side. And Thomas looks at him and he looks at him and he stops doubting and starts believing and he says, "My Lord, my God, it is true." Can you imagine the overwhelming joy that must have been in Thomas's heart to believe such a story? Now it's coming to pass. Oh my Lord, my God, here you stand before me. So, how is it, brothers and sisters, that we can have signs and wonders and revelation and revelation and revelation taking place and God showing us time after time after a time and we so many times still miss God. Huh? The prophet said he made his work so simple. So simple that anybody could understand it. God made himself so simple with the simple in order to be understood by the simple. He said in other words in Isaiah 35 I believe he said though a fool should not er therein. It's that simple. So it's God in simplicity. It's God in human. It's God in man. It's God in you. It's God in me. It's God that's sitting beside you. It's God in your neighbor. That's what we're talking about. And he begins to tell about this. And he begins to talk. He said, you know, God is so great till we expect some great something and we miss him in the simple things. We stumble over simplicity. Who would have thought? Who who would have thought it would have been your husband, your wife, your children, your neighbor. The death, burial, and resurrection wasn't hard to understand. It's pretty simple. Matthew talks about it two times. Mark talks about it three times and Luke mentions it several times and Jesus clearly tells them, "I'm going to I'm going to have to be put into the hands of those. They're going to condemn me. They're going to put me to death. I'm going to die. They're going to put me in a tomb. I'm going to resurrect." And at one point, they even look at it and they say they were exceedingly sorry. So, they believed the story, but they couldn't believe it when it happened. See, when the rubber meets the road, it didn't seem at all possible that a man could die, that he' be buried, be in a grave, and then walk out of that grave. I mean, come on. This is impossible. H I was talking about that word unbelievable. There was a a guy I heard he told a story he said about the word unbelievable. And he was just talking about the word unbelievable. He said it's a word that no Christian, nobody of faith should ever use. Unbelievable. Why do we use that word? Well, God healed her of cancer and it was just unbelievable. Really? You should have seen that guy. He was strung out on drugs and and and and this was going on and he was running here. He wasn't ser he was running with the devil. And all of a sudden, you wouldn't believe it. It's unbelievable what God done. H for 40 days after the resurrection, Jesus is on the scene and Jesus is is telling going from believer to believer to believer and he's saying, "Here I am. Here I am for 40 days. Here I am. It's me. I'm the resurrected one. I'm alive and alive forever more. Here I am for 40 days to groups as big as 500 people. It was a negative atmosphere. If Jesus had to expose himself for 40 days to get people to believe, what kind of atmosphere was they living in? That's why we as believers, brothers and sisters, we got to be careful that in this atmosphere of negativity in the world we live in, a world full of hate, full of doubt, full of fear, full of anxieties, full of envies, full of strife, people would just assume to smack you to look at you, say the wrong thing, do the wrong thing, cut the wrong person off in the road accidentally. It may not be your best day. So we got to be careful that we don't forget the promises of God. And when I thought about that, I thought, what can we look back? How can we reflect in this world of negativity? What one scripture can I look to and say, this is the solid we can go to? Psalms 103. Psalms 103 says, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and forget not all of his benefits." It says, "Who forgiveth thine iniquities? Who health all thy diseases? Who redeemth thy life from destruction, who crowneth thee with loving kindness and tender mercies, who satisfyth my mouth with good things, so that the young is renewed like eagles. We got to get to the meat of our story here. Can I have maybe 10 extra minutes tonight? Amen. The Bible tells us that he made this his ways known unto Moses and his acts unto the children of Israel. And we know the story that God and and and and back in that day when the children of Israel was trying to get out of Egypt, God moved in on the scene and God displayed himself as a as a savior in the act of applying the blood to the doorpost to the lentils and he's pushed the blood on with the hissip. What was that? It was God's token on display that when the death angel come through that the death angel couldn't touch them. And under that blood of that innocent lamb, there could come no harm. And what I like about that blood is once that blood was applied to the door, no matter what storms came, no matter how much rain fell or hail fell, there was nothing that could wash that blood off the lint of the door. Nothing could change who they were identified by. The token had been applied over them, over their household, and no firstborn should be harmed. That lamb's blood was the only thing they had as a token. But you know that same lamb's blood is not enough for the believer today. That's not enough for today. So for 40 days of appearances, watch what Jesus does. 40 days he appears to the believers. For 40 days he's given instructions on what he do. And at the last time he's appears in 40 days he takes them to a place called Bethany. And he's getting ready to ascend out of here. But before he leaves, he says, "Listen, here's what you got to do." Now, I can bet these guys who were believing or doubting believers were now full-fledged believers. Tell me, Lord, what do we need to do? We've seen the miracles. We've seen the works. We've seen the goods. We've seen the death, burial, and resurrection. We know who you are. What do we have to do to get to where we need to be? He said, "Go and wait into the upper room until the Holy Spirit falls." Now, we're talking about something completely different than blood. Justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost. The prophet begins to tell us and he explains to us in the token message. He said the Holy Ghost is the token. Listen now. He said, "A man believes God." That's true enough. But the Holy Ghost is the gift of God. It's exactly something different than your faith. Your faith applies it. That's exactly right. But listen, I want you to catch this one sentence right here. The Holy Ghost is the witness. Amen. Amen. Let me ask you tonight, why could Mary and Johanna and Cleopus and the 11 apostles, even Peter, why could they not see who Jesus was after the resurrection? What did he say? The Holy Ghost is the witness. They knew the stories. They saw the miracles. They saw they saw the things take place. They saw uh the very signs of the Messiah on display. They were there the day that they crammed and shoved the the crown of thorns upon his head. They were there and saw the blood run down his face. They were there the very day that they saw the blood sling from the cat of nine tales as he took 39 lashes on his back. They stood there that very day. They watched as they hammered the nails and heard the ping ping ping as the nails were driven in his hand. And they watched as the blood ran down his naked body and pulled at the foot of the cross. But still they had no Holy Ghost. You see how much God loves us in the age we live in. So he says, "Go and wait in this upper room. Stay right there because the Holy Ghost is the witness and we're going to need that Holy Ghost. Brothers and sisters, we have to have the Holy Ghost in this hour. He said, notice they didn't come just together to talk about it. They they didn't come together just to talk about it and say, "Oh, we believe." We can't be guilty of that on Sunday morning either. that we just come and we occupy a pew and we come in and we sit in the same spot every Sunday. Every Sunday we sit in the same spot. We do this, we do that. Praise the Lord. The preacher, we're out the door. We believe. We're believers. We're here. We're believers. God sent a prophet. He said, they didn't come and just say, "We believe." He said, "Oh, no. They believed it, but they had come to apply the blood that the token might be seen underneath it. You see, we got to have the token in this hour. He said the new testament means new covenant. The blood life, the blood life itself is the token. The life out of the blood is the token. Remember, it is the life from the blood that's in that person for the token. Yeah. That's why they had to have whatever they were on the day of Pentecost. That's why on the day of Pentecost, they sat there and they waited for the spirit to fall. It wasn't about speaking in tonesues. The Pentecostals have that all wrong. I hate to tell them. You might speak in tonesues. You might interpret tones. You might run. You might dance. You might shout. We love it all. I love it all. I wish I could do more of it. God help me. But that's not what God was doing. God was taking and he was manifesting himself in a lick of fire and a fire was falling and a lick of fire went to this person and that person and this person and that lick of fire was no other than the life of Jesus Christ falling on the inside of the believer. That's the token he's talking about. You see, there's a lot of people that have the blood. There's a lot of people that claim the blood. There's a lot of people that that that go before Jesus and say, "He's my savior." And they live any way they want to live. I can't do it. I can't do it. Something on the inside of me says, "You can't live that way and claim to be what you are." You know you done wrong. Fix it. Thank you, Lord. Brother Brandham said when Egypt, and I'm closing, he said when when they were in Egypt, when Israel was in Egypt, he said they is the the the children of Israel were a called out country out of a calledout country. They were a called out country out of a country. And he said, "The bride is the same way. She's a church that's called out of a church." One church has the blood. They can preach Jesus better than anything you've ever heard. They can preach that blood. They can preach that resurrection. They can preach forgiveness. But they can't preach a life that's hard to swallow. But it's a life lived. That's the token. It's God on the inside. That's the token. Look at this. Let me get back to this here. His life produved his credentials. What he was. That's what God wants us to be. Wants our life to be our credentials. In closing here, I was reading a story. I was watching an interview actually with Morgan Freeman. Everybody know who Morgan, some of you know who Morgan Freeman is. If you don't know, he's an actor. He's well known for his voice. He has a very distinct voice. He's a lot of times used to play the voice of God. and he has a very distinct voice. But Morgan Freeman is a he he's an agnostic. You know, an agnostic is a person who neither has faith nor disbelief in God. So, they don't really believe in God. They don't really disbelieve. They just believe that things just are. His religion he actually follows is I'm gonna try to pronounce this. Who knows where they got it. Zoroastrianism. Okay, that's his belief system. His belief is good thoughts, good works, good deeds. That pretty much sums it up. But I was watching an interview with him because he's a real interesting character. Has anybody ever heard him? Okay. I thought I was the only one. Thought, man, I got to do some repenting. But he's a very interesting fella as you listen to him and and you listen to the interview and he's got that distinct voice and they begin to ask him questions. You know, he's that guy that when you ask him a question, he answers your question with a question. So, you never really know what he's thinking, but he's interesting. He says statements, he makes comments that make you just go, "Hm." And they ask him the question. They said, "Religious? Are you religious? Do you believe in something, anything?" He replied, "Yeah, I believe in me." And I thought, "Be careful there." And the interviewer said, "Oh, okay." And she kind of chuckled and she said, "But don't you believe in anything else as in God or there's something like that?" And his answer was really amazing to me. Take it for what it's worth. penny for your thoughts. He said, "You can separate God from religion." He said, "Which is what I do?" You know, I thought about that. I thought, "There's a lot of people who make God religion. They're religious." And he said, "You can separate God from religion, which is what I do. I believe in God. I believe in me." Same person. I believe in God. I believe in me. Same person. I got to thinking, hm, he ain't too far off. Because it's God on the inside. It's God on the inside that moves us and makes us and molds us into what we are to be. You say, "Man, I got to have a quote for that." You getting you getting out there now. Oh, well, a good thing I've made a copy. Let me find it here. Oh, don't you ever lose that. If you lose that to a place to where you get ashamed to go into a relationship with Christ, let him dwell in you, God in man. Amen. Making himself known to the people by his spirit, a royal ple priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people, odd, different from the world, sanctified by the blood, and set aside from the things of this world. I believe in God. I believe in me. Same person. Let's stand. Like I said, don't take Morgan Freeman as the gospel. It's just an illustration. He may he may use his voice as God, but he sure ain't God. Okay. Let's keep it separate. You love the Lord tonight. Aren't you thankful for a blood that was shed on Calvary and more important the token the life of Jesus that was that was come back on the day of Pentecost to the believers and it still falls on the believers today? All you got to do is accept it. All you got to do is accept. You say, "I need the Holy Ghost." Just accept it. He's there for you. Open up your heart. Live a clean life. Do the best you can do. And just keep saying, "God, fill me with more. Fill me with more. Fill me with more." The blood that Jesus shed on Calvary will never lose its power. Sister [Music] Becky, let's just pray if we could. Heavenly Father, we thank you, Lord, for this day, for this service you've given us. We thank you for your presence. We certainly trust that needs were met, desires were fulfilled, hearts are grown closer to you. Lord, if there was anybody that was unsure or questioning their walk or their stand with you, I hope that it's it's a firmer relationship from this moment on. Lord, we love you with all of our hearts. We ask that you go with us. Keep us into that positive atmosphere of the Holy Ghost. That the token would be applied to our lives and all that we do. That we don't have to fall away. We don't have to we don't have to accept things that are handed to us, sicknesses and and doubts and unbeliefs. We don't have to hand have that because the prophet said the token overshadows those things. So we there's so much that can be said about that token that Lord I just couldn't cover tonight. But we trust Lord that that it would sink deep into the heart that we don't have to accept anything Satan puts upon us if the token is applied. The token is a sign that the price has been paid. the debt is paid in full, that that we are free in this life we live, and that that blood never loses its power. And we thank you for it, Lord, in Jesus name. The blood that Jesus shed for me way back on [Laughter] Calary. It's the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. For it reaches to the highest mountain. [Music] Valley the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose it power. It soothes my doubts and calms my fears and influence all my fears. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose it. For it reaches to the highest [Music] mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its found. [Music] that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. Verse two, Carson. Oh, it s my doubts and calms my fears and it dries all my tears. It's the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. For it reaches Oh, for it reaches to the highest mountain. And it flows. God bless you to [Music] thous. The blood that gives me strength. From day to day, it will never lose its power. Amen. My wasn't that awesome. Oh my. Lord, help me to be what I need to be. Let's sing that for it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. The blood that gives me strength from day to day, it will never lose his. Amen. And I don't know about you, but I just feel like we heard from heaven tonight. Amen. Sure enjoyed the service tonight. and my to be in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Amen. God bless you tonight and remember the service Sunday morning and pray one for another. And amen. Let's sing that little chorus as we go. If Jesus goes with me, I'll go anywhere. Well, if Jesus goes with me, I'll go. go anywhere. It's heaven to me wherever I'll be if he is there. Oh, I count it a privilege grave. His cross to bear. If Jesus goes with me, I'll [Music] go anywhere. Oh, if Jesus goes with me, I'll go. Oh, anywhere. Heaven.
