################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-29 - Bro. Brad Powell • 52825 • Wed. • Contending Believers - Brad Powell.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-29
Title:    Bro. Brad Powell • 5/28/25 • Wed. • Contending Believers
Speaker:  Brad Powell
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 12m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2Vt6ph6r6A
========================================

Description:
Bro. Brad Powell • 5/28/25 • Wed. • Contending Believers
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Blue. Lou. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Woo! Heat! Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oo datoo. Ooh. [Music] Here you go. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] All night cuz you held on with all of your mind. child [Music] Christ. Crossing the cal sea with Jesus, the disciples were getting concerned. The wind started violently blowing, but he was asleep in the stern. Does he not care that we bear? We're helpless and we're so afraid. Jesus arose when they called him and said to them, "Where is your faith? Cuz you prayed all night cuz you've held on with all of your might. Child, your cries have awoken. the master. Oh, he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice. Child Christ have [Music] awoken the master. Oh, it hit you without any warning. The storm of your life had begun. See no hope in the distance. You're frightened and nowhere to run. By now your vessel is feeling and you're thinking that you'll surely drown. You cried out for help from the Savior. And you know you can't give up now because you knew it all. You held on with all of your might. Child Christ have the master. Oh, he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice child cry as it won't the master. Let's sing that chorus again. Oh, because you prayed all night. Cuz you've held on with all of your mind. God cries have woken the master. Oh, he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice, child. [Music] Master. Amen. You love him tonight. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise tonight. Amen. Amen. Your cries have awoken the master. It's time now to rejoice. How many's ready to rejoice and be glad. Amen. And you know, I was thinking this morning and as I was driving down the road and I want to sing this song, Brother Carson, my hope is in the Lord. And I love this song very much. And when all the world is falling apart, do we have to worry? No. Cuz my hope is in the Lord. And if I die, I go be with him. Amen. And if I stay, he's here inside of me. Amen. So what else? How can you lose? Amen. How can you lose? Amen. Oh my hope is in the Lord. Oh yes, from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. I stand in all within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the age just lies. For whom the raging of the seas subides the living sacrifice. The only source of life. Oh yes. My hope. Oh yes. is in the Lord on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. I love this verse. His tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sinner in his brokenness to offer healing forgiveness. [Music] And those who trust in him will find their hearts and resol Oh yes, my hope is in the [Music] Lord. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. My hope once again if we could. Oh yes. And my hope is in the Lord from this time forever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever. Amen. How many's thankful for his tender mercies? Amen. Don't you love him tonight? And Amen. It's so good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. And Amen. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Oh, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Well, well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Brother Bo, would you open the service in a word of prayer tonight? God bless you. [Music] I don't know talking about water and our different trials, but one more valley. When I'm tossed on live sea. Amen. I'm glad that we have anchor tonight. Aren't you? Amen. Well, when I'm tossed on my sea and the waves covered and the dark clouds won't let the sun shine through, well, a voice seems to sing, child, there be a brighter day to hide sweet heaven. Cuz you've got one valley. One more here. Oh yes. And you got one more try. Oh, one more team. Well, one more life. Maybe one more mile to go. Well, you can lay down your heavy loads when you get home. Well, don't let Satan see your tears. Learn to smile through your fears. Hold your head up high and give the world a smile. Oh, just be patient. Cuz it's all going to be over after a while. Cuz you've got one more valley, one more [Music] heat. And you've got one, one more. Oh, one more curve in life's road, baby. One more mile to go. Well, you can lay down your heavy load when you get [Music] home. Amen. You may be seated tonight. Amen. Brother Caleb and brother Daniel and brother Michael John, you just got here in time to help, didn't you? We won't tell nobody is late. Amen. I'm just kidding you, buddy. Sometimes I'm close and I'm late. So, amen. We just have a couple prayer requests tonight and we're going to take the Lord in prayer and we need to really remember Sister Parish and she's streaming tonight. And God bless you, Sister Parish. The Lord will just touch her body that that fluid keeps gathering on her. And want to remember her in prayer. And also, uh, Brother Steve and sister Becky, she requested for them to sing. They're going to sing after we take up the ti the tithing and offering tonight. And also uh brother Willy's not feeling well tonight, so he's not here. We want to remember brother Willie tonight in prayer. And and also uh my youngest brother Joe called me right before service. And there's a friend of ours. She's in her 50s. Her name is Becky Brewer. And the doctors have give her up. There's no hope. She has cancer. and they've called her family in and they've asked that we would just pray for her and the family and you know we think well she goes but you know what Lazarus died and he was gone four days God's never too late and we're going to sing that little chorus while we take up the offering he's an ontime God believes he's an ontime God tonight and brother Glenn asked that we remember him he's having some dizzy spells and want to continue to remember him and Sister Sherry and Sister Donna and Brother Thomas. They're not here tonight. We want to remember them. And also remember Sister Janette as she's just depending on the Lord to help her with her health problems. And we're just believing that all is well. We serve an awesome God tonight. I believe that with all my heart tonight. And so if you have need on your heart, you might let it be known by the uplifted hand. And we're going to ask Brother Caleb Ber if he'd just take these needs to the Lord in prayer. Brother Caleb. He's an on time go. Well, he's an on time God. Oh, yes, he is. Oh, yes, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come waiting for me, but he'll be there right on time. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he is once again. Oh, I said he's on time God. Oh, yes, he is. Oh, he's an on God. [Applause] [Music] My God. [Music] [Music] All alone and brokenhearted trying to calm the raging battle in my mind. [Music] In search of many answers that my troubled soul just couldn't seem to find. I saw a flower blooming where there was no rain or sunine. And I knew not that this flower would change the rest of my life. I found a liar in my valley. I found strength. When I was born, I found a place to leave my burdens. I found a refuge from the storm. A place to drain my dark. Two beaming rays of sunshine. I found a lily in my valley and he blooms all the time. So if you're down and brokenarted and you just can't seem to find peace of mind, [Music] you're searching for your answers, but your problems are getting worse all the time. Just reach your hands to Jesus. He'll take you and break the ties and mine. [Music] He'll be your lily in your valley. You can watch him bloom all the time. He'll be your lady in your valley. He'll be strength when you're warm. [Music] He'll be the place to leave your burden. He'll give you refuge from the storm. A place to trade your dark skies to beaming rays of sunshine. He'll be your lily in your valley [Music] and he'll bloom all the time. I found a lily in my valley. I found strength when I was warm. I found a place to lead my burden. I found a refuge from the storm. A place to trade my dark skies to beaming rays of sunshine. [Music] I found a lily in my valley and he blooms all the time. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Appreciate that song tonight. Amen. It's good to have, like I said, our visitors here and brother Bo and Sister Hope and the little man Jack. I know brother John's going to miss him when he's gone, but it's good to have them here. And also, Sister Rebecca, you want to come sing tonight? And also, Sister Katie Oglesby, right? She's here visiting with us. God bless you. It's good to have y'all here tonight. [Music] I will praise in the valley. I'll praise on the mountain. I'll praise when I'm sure. And praise when I'm doubting. Praise when outnumbered. Praise when surrounded. Praise is the waters that my eny's drowning. As long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to pray. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. I'll praise when I feel it. I'll praise when I don't. I praise cuz I know that you're still in control. Praise is a weapon and it's more than a sound. My praise is a shout that brings Jericho down. As long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to praise the Lord. Oh my soul, praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? No, I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? I've got to praise the Lord. Oh my soul. Praise cuz you're so praise cuz you reign. Praise cuz you rose and defeated the grave. Oh, praise cuz you're faithful. Praise cuz you're true. Praise cuz there's nobody greater than you. I'll praise cuz you're so praise cuz you reign. Praise cuz you rose and defeated the grave. I praise cuz you're faithful. Praise cuz you're true. Praise cuz there's nobody greater than you. [Music] Praise the Lord. Oh my soul. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. No, I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? I've got to praise the Lord, oh my [Music] soul. Amen. That's what we come to do is praise him tonight, wasn't it? Amen. Let's stand tonight if we could and pray the song service been a blessing to you and just so good to be in the presence of the Lord tonight. And let's sing that little chorus as brother Brad comes tonight. In the presence of Jehovah tonight if we could, Sister Becky. How many believe we're in the presence of Jehovah tonight? Oh, in the presence of [Music] Jehovah, God [Music] Almighty, Prince of [Music] Peace, troules Manage hearts are made in the praise. of [Music] Jehovah God Almighty. He's my prince of peace. [Music] Trles in hearts are mened in the [Music] presence of the king. Amen. And there's nothing like being in the presence of the King, our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. What a presence is here tonight, felt amongst us. And we just felt the strong presence in the study. And so I knew stepping out here it was going to be even stronger. So it's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. And let's just bow our heads if we could go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we just thank you, Lord, for the day, for the time that you've given us to set aside just to come and worship you tonight. And Lord, just to hear what you'd have in store for us, Lord, knowing that we are needy people tonight, Lord Jesus. And our greatest need is for more of you, Lord. We just want to stay in your presence, to bask in your presence, Lord. That you would just fill us with more of the Holy Ghost. Father, give us the courage and the strength to fight and to be able to be warriors for you, Father. That we would be able to withstand all the ws and the wickedness of this age that we live in. Father, Lord, we just want to tell you how much we love you tonight. We pray for those that couldn't be here tonight, Lord. And we pray that you would just come in our midst and move throughout the congregation tonight, Lord. That you would just step into the to this vessel that that has been set aside for you tonight, Lord Jesus. That you would just use my lips to speak to the ears of the hearers and that it would sink down into the hearts, Lord, that we may grow you and to know you in a greater way. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Just a little different setting tonight. I was looking around. We got some that's not here. Brother Bo, good to see you. Good to see you. And have Becca and Katie with us. And we uh we put them to work. And so, man, I tell you what, there's some there's some working working little ladies there. So, we're certainly thankful to have them helping us on the farm. And they've really put their put their shoulder to the wheel, so to speak. So, over here, they've been helping, too. So, Paul and Daniel, we don't want to leave you out. they've uh they've pitched in. I've had them for two days, them for one, and and uh it it's been a pretty good pretty good week so far. So, just uh want to get right into the word if you want to turn into your Bibles. And we'll we'll be turning into the book of Jude and it's one one book there right before Revelations. And it's just one one chapter. And I'm also want to turn in if you want to hold your place in Psalms 35. Now, we've been as I'm looking at this here and and I'm trying to uh see how to put this together tonight. And you know, my thoughts are we just come out of great meetings and the the the I don't want to say the fear. It's not the right word probably, but just to give you an illustration, but is that we will begin to let things become common. But I don't want to be there. I want to be to where we keep the fire burning. I want to be into a place that we keep moving forward in Christ. that we keep putting putting more to the to the to the grindstoneone that we keep pushing and we keep getting and and we keep giving more to God and we find ourselves being lifted up into a higher place because that's the spirit of the hour for the believer is we're being called up higher. I want you to listen what the prophet says. This is in 59. He says, "I'm glad for the results of last week's revival." He says it has not only given a local stir but around different countries and we've heard of it and that the Lord was good. How many have we heard testimonies that the Lord moved in our services? We're thankful for that. Now listen to what he says. He says, "Now if just burning the old bridges and making things ready and entering into the Lord prepared to receive the blessings." If that little time did that, he says, "What would it be if we continued on?" So, don't let it die. He says, "Don't let it die, but just keep pouring on more material and more material." And he said, "Keep adding to that fire until the so smoke signals will be seen plum around the world. Keep adding to the fire that Holy Ghost fire that Jesus Christ lives and there's a fire burning in our hearts. So brothers and sisters, as we look at that, what would our lives be like if we could just take heed to this one little quote, that we could pray more dedicated, that we could fast more dedicated, that we would put more of the desire to receive more of the Holy Ghost down in our lives and in our families and send the Holy Ghost after our lost loved ones, our lost children. Are you with me? How much greater would it be? I'll tell you what would happen. our expectation levels. Our expectation levels, we our expectation levels would rise to new heights so much that Wednesday night services wouldn't just be another Wednesday night service. Wednesday night services are more than just another work night, week night service. We can have that fire burning all the time. And listen what the prophet says here. Listen to what he says. after I have made a new dedication, the prophet of the hour, the the messenger to the last church age after I have made a new dedication my own self and my wife and so forth. We notice things so different around the home. What's that say for us? What does that say for us? I noticed things so different around the home. He said we're not as nervous. We're not as shaky. He says we're not as shaky as we was. We're not as jumpy. We don't we don't get this and get that and get in and get out. He said, "No, we just go quietly and we get more done." So he says, "Keep yourself consecrated to God through the coming year because we don't know what the Lord will do for us." That's a powerful quote. Jude, let's read from Jude here. Verse one, Jude the servant of Jesus Christ, the brother of James, to them that are sanctified, who them who are what? Sanctified. Am I speaking to any sanctified believers tonight? Stay with me now. Those who are sanctified by the father, by God the father, and who are preserved. How many of those are we have? You've been preserved. You've been bought. You've been paid for with a price. Preserved in Jesus Christ. And who the called? Mercy unto you, and peace and love be multiplied. Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, listen now, this he says the common salvation, it was more needful for me to write unto you and exhort you that you should what? Earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints. It wasn't enough just to talk about common salvation, but something stirred into Jude's heart. something stirred in his heart and said, "Hey, I want you to write to them and I want you to speak to them and I want you to encourage them to fight to fight for the for the for the faith that was once delivered into the saints." Listen now. For there are certain men crept in unawares who were before old ordained to this condemnation. Ungodly men turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness and denying the only Lord and our Lord Jesus Christ. So uh Psalm 35. Now listen to what this says here. Plead my cause, O Lord, with them that strive with me. fight against them that fight against me. Now, sometimes we can read a scripture and we can find it kind of in and it kind of we have to really break it down and slow it down and see what he's saying here. Well, I just happened to look through some other interpretations. It's just something said look through some other interpretations. Well, I found the interpretation of this Psalm 35 in the message Bible. Now, remember when I say the message Bible, I'm not talking about a a Bible that was written around the message. It's called, it's a translation the message. But I love the way it said because it really just hits home to exactly what I'm going to talk about tonight and what I'm trying to get through to to the people tonight. Listen to what it says. Psalms 35. Harass these hecklers, God. Punch these bullies in the nose. Watch out, devil. Watch out, devil. punch these bullies in the nose. Grab a weapon, anything at hand, and stand up for me. Aren't you thankful you got a God that stands for you tonight? You may have your seats. God bless you. I'm going to speak tonight if we could on contending believers. Contending believers. This is a little topic that has been on our heart and we could have went a thousand different directions, but this is how it unfolded. So contending believers. So we look at this book of Jude just to lay a foundation in this book of Jude. We see that this book was written some around some 33 years after the day of Pentecost. So this was after the pouring out of the Holy Spirit on the early saints. And Jude is is called to write this book to the church to tell them that they should earnestly contend. And the prophet said, "This is the only place in the sacred writings that we're ever told to contend because we're not contentious. We're not contentious people. There should be no contentions between believers. There should be no arguments, no strife, no riffs or tussles between believers or believe from this church to that church." Come on now. But we're believers, so there should be no contention amongst us. But he says instead we are to earnestly contend for a purpose. Now we're talking about a purpose. And he says that purpose is that we're contend for the faith that was once delivered unto the saints. So in order for us to get all that Christ has in store for us. That tells me, brother Tommy, we're going to have to fight. We're going to have to dig down deep. We're going to have to dig our heels in. And at some point we're going to have to fight because that old Satan, that old devil, he is here to kill, to steal, and destroy. And if you're going to get by him, you're going to have to stand up and fight. But you see, we got a problem around the message a lot of times. I see. Boy, I don't want to say it too harshly, but we have people who who come to Christ out of convenience. They're looking for a God when they need a God. Boy, I sure hope this don't apply to anybody sitting here tonight. And I hope the ones it does apply to hear it. But they're looking for a God when they need him, not because they're in love with him. You see, there's a difference. The people call upon God when they have a need, when they have a desire, when they're broke, and when when things are easy. They'll show up when when things are good. They'll just show up or or they maybe they don't, but they or they'll come when they're desperate, and they'll cry out to God when they're in despair. But that's not what the believer does. The believer finds themsself at a place that they are so in love, a love affair with Jesus Christ that there is nothing that would keep them from coming through the doors. There is nothing that could stop them to be here to fight for what God has want to do for them. And they have a purpose when they come here. And brothers and sisters, God is looking for a people that are willing to contend for that faith to fight for everything that God has promised them in this hour. Just like Joshua and Caleb, think about Joshua and Caleb. They stood there and they stood there and they went out and spied over that land that God had promised them. There was another group that went with them. They go over there and they look over there and they're the people that are just hanging around the church. Come on. They're the people that's just hanging around the church. They're not really in love with God. But it's convenient to hang out with the tribe. They have Sunday dinners. Somebody done left a phone up here. Am I being recorded? They hanging around the tribe. And so here they are. They're hanging around. They see and they go over and they look at this land and they see this land filled with giants. Giant obstacles stand before them. Gigantic problems stand before them. gigantic obstacles that they say there is no way that we can get through here. There's no way that we can take this land. But it didn't change the promise. And if God made a promise, there is somebody that is going to accept what that promise is. If God makes a promise in this hour that there's going to be a rapture, five million people may say, "No, it's not possible." But God will have a group of people in Elton, Kentucky, in Johnson City, in Menon, Louisiana, that says, "I know it's possible. I know that God can move. I know God's going to come down and take me." There's a group of people like a Joshua and a Caleb that looks over there and says, "This is a land that is flowing with milk and honey." I just seen where the prophet said, we were talking about it at dinner tonight. The prophet said, "That land flowing with milk and honey." He said, he said, "That's a Pentecostal cocktail." Some of us need to see and taste of that Pentecostal cocktail. We need to see and hear that milk and honey and taste it to know what God can do in our life. To put God on the scene, a God in action, a God that carries out the word, not just over there looking at giants. We all have problems. Some of us have big problems. Some of us are going through big things. But that doesn't change the promise that God gave us. You see that one group, they just kind of linger around the church. Why do they linger? Have you ever, you know, I I watch this. Y'all know I'm a people watcher. That's probably not good if you're a preacher, but I'm a people watcher. I try to figure out what's going on. Why do people linger around the church? If they don't, if they really don't want to be here, why do they come? Mom and daddy told them to go to church. They don't want to disappoint mom and daddy. Wow. Sure is quiet. But they don't want to disappoint what mom and daddy taught them. I'm supposed to be in church. Daddy said to be in church. Daddy said, "When the doors are open, if the love of God's in me, the doors are open, I'll be in the house of God." And they come without even a desire to be here, not even expecting from God, but just being a presence. Don't y'all get so quiet on me. Y'all need to help me now. And they sit there and they look around and they hang around this church. And but Joshua and Caleb, they seen it different. Joshua and Caleb, they looked across there and they said, "You know what? My mom and daddy may have told me about this land, but this was more than just a storytelling. This was more than just be here or be there. God said they promised us this land. I'm going to take this land." Because why? This land is worth fighting for. This gospel is worth fighting for. This message is worth fighting for. Your children are worth fighting for. God is looking for people who will fight through tiredness. Oh, I can't be there. I'm just so tired. I I just I'm just so tired. I just can't get I just can't get Don't give me your excuses. Some of the people that cry that wellhead I wonder if they've lifted a finger all week long. Maybe this this stuff till 2 or 3 in the morning. But they're too tired for God. too tired to come and see what God has in store for them. God is looking for a people who will fight through sickness. You know, we have very little excuse if we at all follow and keep up with Brother Ron Spencer. And and if you haven't heard the stories, I can tell you some that but five minutes before he's supposed to come out and preach, he vomits 5, 10, 15 times, goes into a seizure. Seizures that last 15 minutes, and blurs his vision where he can't see, and then he walks out the door, steps to the pull pit, and says, "Good morning." God is looking for those kind of people. God is looking for those people who will fight to do what God has called them to do. God is looking for people who will fight through hurt feelings. How many people you think around this message has given up their walk on the on God? Walk on the Lord just because of hurt feelings. Just because somebody said something that they didn't like? Just because they got their toes stepped on by a preacher. You know what I've come to find out? I figured this one out. Those people, brother John, those people that that get their feelings hurt and get their toes stepped on and they don't want to come to church. You know why they don't You know why they don't like that preacher? Because he told them the truth. People are not looking for the truth. They're not looking to hear the truth. They want somebody to agree with them, somebody to pat them on the back. But God is looking for these people who will find their way through hurt feelings. Not just risk a relationship with the Lord because you got your feelings stepped on. Let me ask you, how many of you have had your feelings hurt? Come on, church. We're human. Daniel's never had his feelings hurt. I was fixing to call you out, too. Let me go over here, Becca. You ever had your feelings hurt? You come from a big family. I've been in your house. I've seen you with your brother, you two sisters, and your mom and daddy. So, I I've been there and he hurt some of them conversations. I was the only child, so I'm just flabbergasted, but you've had your feelings hurt more than once. Did you disown the Adams family? You may have felt like it, but they steal your brother. They steal your sister. They steal her family. So why is it when somebody gets their feelings hurt in church, they disown God? Just because somebody done something to them and and hurt their feelings. Come on, church. Heaven is worth fighting for. Then no matter what they say, no matter how I feel, no matter how it hurts, heaven is worth fighting for. Eternal peace is worth fighting for. Love and happiness and joy is worth fighting for. No more sorrows is worth fighting for. No more tears is worth fighting for. Your children is worth fighting for. No more depression. No more sickness. Eternal life is worth fighting for. Amen. You know, a couple of weeks ago, you know, sometimes I put myself out there way too way too open for people. Some people say I shouldn't do that, but I think it keeps us real. Couple of weeks ago, just before the meetings, I got my feelings stomped on, hurt. Oh, all of you think I'm going to tell you why, don't you? No, it ain't happening. But something happened. And man, did Satan begin to whisper in my ear. He said, "They don't even love you. They don't even appreciate you. They don't care about you. You're not good enough. And you'll never make it. I'm going to preach a sermon I've been working on. It's called Conversation with the Devil. You know, I could have let that get me down. I could have let that hold me back. I could have listened to him and I could have said, "You know what? I bet you're right, Satan. They don't love me. I've seen the way they don't appreciate me. I've seen the way they treat me." And I could have went just down that road so fast and so easy. And you're right, I don't even know if I can make it. I could have let it get the best of me. And I could have let it ruin my expectations of the meetings. I could have let it tear down all of my anticipations of what I was wanting to see God do in our meetings. You see, because if Satan can beat you today, he's got you tomorrow. Think about that. If he can get you so down today, how can you be victorious tomorrow? You know, I could have moped around. I could have quit praying. I could have given up. Brother Tommy, don't text me at 5:00 no more. I'm done. Y'all have the meetings you want. And you know it it was a struggle because every time I would think about this, it was painful. And it was a struggle for me as I began to fight and battle through this. And I thought, you know what? I can hide this. Nobody will ever know. I'll just play it off. I can hide it. But you know how it is when something's on your mind. You got to you got to you got to tell something. You got to tell it. But I couldn't hide it. So I went to my queen over there. You know, she's been my best friend since we were 16, 15, 16 years old. We dated about that time. We married young going on 29 years. I think that's right. She's been by my side every day. Through thick and through thin, through hard and through good, through rain, through hail, through storms, it doesn't matter. She stood right by me. And I told her, I just told her in in conversation, I had to get this this off my chest. Did you know? And I began to tell her and she said, "Huh?" And she didn't say nothing for a while. She come back a couple hours later. Let me tell you, wives know you. She said, "Did that hurt your feelings?" I said, "Yeah, just a little bit." I said, "But it'll be all right. It'll be all right." And so I began to think about that. And about the time she tell me that, right about right then and there, I thought, I'm not going to let this get me. So, I started to contend for the faith. I started to fight for what for what God had done in my life, for what God had brought me from, for the friends that he had given me, for the love that had been showed to me, for what he's done for me in this pull pit. And I begin to contend. And I begin to put all those thoughts aside. When the depression came, I put it aside. Amen. When the anger came, I put it aside. When I got all nervous and all worked up on the inside, I put it aside. I fought back. And you know what? Satan tried to talk to me. So, I just thought, well, I'm going to tell you a thing or two. And so, I said, Satan, let me tell you, you are a liar. Because my God, my God told me he would never leave me. He would never forsake me. That word forsake means he will not abandon you. Oh, we got a God who will never abandon you. He'll be with me and in me until it's over. So there's nothing too big for my God. You look at that word contend and it means that you're engaging in a struggle. You ever had a struggle? If you got a struggle, you more than likely have an opponent. You have an opposition, something that you're fighting against, whether it's physical, if you're in a battle on a in a street fight, there's somebody you're fighting. If it's somebody you're having an argument with, it's a verbal. But we fight something that's a little bit different. It's not flesh. It's not blood. It's spiritual. And so that adversary, the devil, he is our adversary. He is our opponent. And we are battling him in a war. And we fight this war every single day we step out. Not only that, but when you lay down at night, he's there. He watches you sleep. Now, I'm not trying to scare you kids. Don't take that wrong. But he's there. He's waiting. He's a polished warrior. He knows you better than you know yourself. And for some people, their self is their biggest problem. That's why it's called selfish because their biggest problem is themselves. And the devil is always in your ear. And the prophet says that we know our enemy by his attacks. And so we know our enemy. He said, ' Maybe you didn't get that just right. He said, we know our enemy. We know his old attack. He broke down the human race. And the way he gets you away from God is to disbelieve his word. And I got to thinking about that and I thought, you know what most people when they read that, you know what most people's going to think? That he gets us to disbelieve his word. and doctrine that he gets us to disbelieve his word and what we've been taught through the church ages or through the seals and through the statue and he tries to get us there but that's not it. He will use just the little subtle things. God don't love you but God's word said he is love. God can't heal you but he said but the word says that he's the God that heals all of your afflictions. Amen. He tells you that he don't care for you. These are the things that this is how he gets you to think that you're up the word. It's the little things. It's not the big thing. It's the little foxes that's full of the vine. And so that Satan begins to throw these things at you. And the prophet says that the only way that you could ever stay in fellowship with God and to talk to him in the cool of the evening. Oh, isn't that a great place to be? in the cool of the evening when when all the day is done and you're sitting there and you're and you're sharing your thoughts with God and you're in the cool of the evening. It makes me think what the prophet said with Adam and Eve in the cool of the garden and God would come down and commune with them. I love that place. But he says the only way that you can get in the cool of the evening with him is to stay fortified in his word. So let me ask you, if you're fortified, doesn't that mean that you're in a battle? If there is a fort, there's an army. If you're if you're in a fortress, you're being protected for something. And he says, "So just find yourself and let the curtain, both sides of the curtain of God's word drop down around you and find yourself right in the middle of those curtains, and there you'll be fortified." Right in the middle of it. Isn't that a great place? You look to the left, there's God. You look to the right, there's God. You look ahead, there's God. You look behind you, there's God. You look up, there's God. There's God all around you. God all around. There's believers making intercession for you. How many enjoyed those meetings we had that we just came out of? Give the Lord a hand. clap. What an amazing amazing time and meetings we had. But you know, brothers and sisters, we don't have to leave that kind of atmosphere. We don't have to just say that that atmosphere only comes once a year on a set date. That's not the way God works. But we can have those kinds of visitations from God on a regular basis. Because if we're honest, how many of us could say that we dedicated ourselves a little bit better? How many prayed a little bit better? I challenged you. Did you accept the challenge? Yeah. People are shaking their heads everywhere. Yeah. So, you begin to rise up and you begin to find yourself with expectations. You begin to find yourself contending for something. How many of you come to those meetings with a purpose? You had a desire. You had a thought. You had something you needed God to do in your life. and you were praying for it. Let me tell you, I've seen people come through that prayer line. I'm going to stop right there. I'm going to get to it. I wasn't going to do it, but I'm going to do it. I've seen families united. I've seen testimonies, heard testimonies of where God moved into people's lives that they had never had an experience like that in their life. That it was the best night of their life. Why is tonight not the same? It should be. It should be. We should have that atmosphere. But what was it? We was contending for something. We was fighting for God to move on the scene. And we had confidence that God was going to come and God was going to deliver. And might I say, he came, he saw, and he conquered. God moved in a mighty way like I haven't seen in years in this church if ever. It's okay. Give him a round of applause. It's because you It's because you had a desire. You had a need in your life. Something that you needed God to come and impact you. And Jude tells us to I want to encourage you, exhort you to earnestly contend for that faith, to earnestly contend for it. So 33 years after the day of Pentecost, Jude writes this letter. After the pouring out of the Holy Ghost on the early saints, Jude needs to remind us too that you need an outpouring of the Holy Ghost. I need an outpouring of the Holy Ghost. The church here needs an outpouring of the Holy Ghost. You say, "Man, I think we're moving on. I think we're doing good." I do, too. But let me tell you, I thought about this the other day, and I didn't have this in my notes, but this is the way it came to me. I thought, you know, when I was a young preacher, I I thought I was I I was living good and and I thought I had the Holy Ghost. And man, I tell you what, I had about enough Holy Ghost to fill my big toe. Well, maybe all of y'all was just bubbling over. But as a young minister, I thought, man, I got the Holy Ghost. I'm on fire for God. And then somebody would rub me wrong. And that temper will begin to rage. It may have been enough Holy Ghost to fill my pinky toe, brother Tommy. Cuz one time I got so mad I went to the gun. I went to the house and I was going into the get to get to my house to get a gun and it wasn't to target practice. Thank the Lord I was locked out of the house. You know, God has a way of protecting people from doing stupid stuff. You know, you you can do some of the stupidest stuff. I'm talking to myself without the Holy Ghost. And all along I thought I had the Holy Ghost. And I'm not underplaying anybody's Holy Ghost. But what I'm trying to tell you is there is more of the Holy Ghost for you. There is more than just a big toes worth or a knee filling or a waist filling. Let God keep pouring in more and more and more. We were filling them pots. Oh, come on church. Rebecca had some songs playing on the on the on the speaker, whatever you Bluetooth. And we were sitting there and we were filling them pots. Oh yeah, them 12in pots. How many do we fill, sisters? How many? We're at about 5,000 right now. But while we were filling them pots, song came on and it said, "Fill said was talking about filling the cup. Filling the cup." And I, she said, Rebecca said, "We filling the pots." She said, "There's your next sermon." She said, "That'll preach." And there's a lot of truth into that because there is more of God. Don't just give me a cup full of God. Give me pots full and pots full and pots full because I want more of you, Lord. And when I think I'm full, let me run over. You know, when they anointed David, they poured the oil over him. When they anointed the the the priest and the kings, they poured the oil over Aaron. Pour it over me, God. Pour it over me. Pour your spirit over on me, Lord. tomorrow and we're trying to get get through here. We we're okay. You know, we limit God. I've said that too many times and I I'm I'm getting bit. We put God on time constraint. So, these two over here ain't sleeping. He's afraid they going to sleep on me tonight because they tired, but they fighting tiredness. Tomorrow, May the 29th, is Ascension Day. 40 days since Easter morning resurrection. Now, this is not a this is a this is a holiday that most most most Christian churches don't really celebrate. It's more Catholics celebrate it and and Menanite and Amish. They'll close there. There won't be no Menanite. No Dutch countries open tomorrow. So, you ain't going to go get no bread tomorrow. You might get some at brother Troy's, but not around here. But the 40 days since the Easter morning resurrection. And so as I slow down here for just a moment, I want you to think about this. Jesus spends day after day after day walking throughout the cities and the country. He's preaching and teaching. He's doing things that has never been seen. He's he's healed blinded eyes. Eyes have been opened. Deaf ears have been opened. Dead has been raised. So all of these things are happening and they're watching this. The disciples, the apostles, the people of the land are watching this happen in Jesus's life as he's walking. He begins to foretell the death, burial, and resurrection that is to come. So, we know at this point now Jesus is is clearly explaining to them what's going to happen. But they're in disbelief, but it happens. It's see they were in disbelief, but the word didn't change. It happens. And so now here is Jesus and a and after his death, burial, and resurrection, they just still in a place they don't know what they're going to do. And here he comes appearing on the scene in flesh, not a spirit. And for 40 days, Jesus now is working around through the people. He's going around. He's revealing himself to the people as the living, risen savior of the world. And now he begins to tell his apostles and the disciples again, "Go and wait in Jerusalem. Wait in Jerusalem because there is a promise the father has given that there's going to be a baptismal." Come on. An immersion of the Holy Ghost that's going to come down upon the people. You could read it right in the book of Acts. It says it just about that way. There's going to be an immersion of the Holy Ghost to come down. And he says, "You shall receive power and you shall be a witness of what I am in your life." Think about this. So Jesus now takes the apostles out out to Bethany up about two miles from Jerusalem. And Jesus now lifts his hands and he blesses the people. Luke 24. And he blesses the people. And he is then carried up into the heavens, up into the up into the sky. And then there he looked and they're left staring at the heavens. So now these people are left staring at the heavens and wondering now what do we do? He spends years doing miracles, signs, wonders, miracles, signs, wonders, miracles, signs, wonders. death, burial, resurrection, comes back for 40 days. You want to talk about a miracle, a sign, and a wonder. But now here they stand in awe and in wonder of what is about to happen. So what could they do now? What could they do? Brothers and sisters, they had to start contending. You think there wasn't a battle that was going on? You think there wasn't a battle that was going on in their minds? No doubt the battle was on. There was 120 men and women, followers of Jesus Christ, that were now standing there wondering, "What are we going to do?" He tells us to go and wait. What are we going to do? How long are we going to wait? What's going to happen? And we struggle with the rapture. The Bible says he'll come back just like he went. He done it once, he can do it again. He'll do it again. 120 believers. Now, these wasn't the high fallutants of the city. These wasn't dignitaries. I want you to think about this. These wasn't the dignitaries or the Pharisees or the priests or the bishops. But there was 120 ordinary everyday people, farmers, shepherds, housewives, homemakers, carpenters, storekeepers, loggers, nurses, military men, retired military. I'm gonna include you, brother Glenn. Teachers, ordinary people. But you know what the word says? The word says that at that hour they joined together. And they joined together in one accord. And they joined together in one accord. It says in prayer and supplication. I looked up that word. I know what prayer means. But I want to know for sure what supplication means. It says an earnest request. Oh, you must earnestly contend. So now here's 120 people in an upper room chamber sitting there for 10 days. 10 days under the under crying out to God to move onto the scene. For 10 days they fight the temptation to quit. How many of you's ever had the temptation to quit? Amen. Sure you have. Because sometimes it gets hard. Anybody ever tell you the road of a Christian life is a easy road? They a liar. And I'll tell them they're a liar. Because the road that a Christian walks is a hard road. It's a road of persecution. It's a road of trials. It's a road of challenges. But it's also a road of forgiveness. It's a road of love. And it's a road of eternity. But now here these are contending in prayer and supplication and they're crying out because but on that 10th day something began to happen. Jerusalem began to shake. Can you think about the power as it moved through there? I was thinking about it as the storm come through the other night and we were sitting in the fellowship hall and that wind was howling so hard that the rain was blowing sideways. The wind moved through the through the church through Jerusalem and it begin to shake the walls. What was it? Pentecost had arrived. Pentecost had made its way. The Holy Ghost fire fell upon them. And there was a flame over him. And there was a flame over you and a flame over you and over you. And the fire fell here and it fell there. And their needs began to get met. And they were in such one accord that they spoke in one language, a language that was unknown. And the people said, "Hey, aren't these people Galileans? Oh, that Holy Ghost fire poured out upon them. They spoke with tongues. They spoke in unknown languages. They they begin to utter things out. And they see the mighty God, the Father, Jesus Christ, moving on the scene. And they said, "Here it is. This is what we've longed for. This is what we've waited for. We have always wanted to be like him. And now I am. I am." These weren't an ordinary 120 people that are ordinary that was going to turn the world upside down with the fire that fell on Pentecost. And one day Peter stood and he began to speak. Peter began to boldly stand out there and he began to present himself and he be to tell what Jesus had done. 3,000 people, 3,000 people they went forth. It says, "And they the Lord worked with them and they began to tell the Lord's work and they confirmed with words with signs and wonders following what's following us a lot. Testimony after testimony, healing after healing, deliverance after deliverance, prodals returning after prodals returning. We didn't have that 20 years ago. Something has happened. There's been a move of God and a fire that has fell amongst his people. And the God's people are calling him on the scene. And we're now seeing God in [Applause] action. Listen to this. Christ made you free. God made us free. Don't starve to death. God has Pentecostal blessings all through the skies. And you have untapped resources of his goodness. Amen. Untapped. You know, if you was thirsty and you needed a well, you would love for that well digger to come out and say, "We got a untapped resource on your property." You'll never run it dry. Brother Bose's from Arizona. He knows what I'm talking about. He's shaking his head. When they tell them they got a well, they go to shouting. They go to praising. They go to dancing. Why? Because water is such a good resource. And the prophet tells us all those Pentecostal blessings are up there. And it's an untapped resource. You're not going to run it out. How do we get there? The eagle. He says, I'm not jumping. I got to I got somewhere I'm going. The eagle, he says, builds his nest high up on the rock. He's like the church. He says, the church of Jesus Christ is the church that is set on a hill. It gives off a light. It's high. It has high ambitions. You know, uh, a lot of people think I'm crazy about half the time because I just I just try stuff. I sent brother to brother Tom. Lord help me. I go to brother Tommy's house. And he says, "Let me show you this hot tub. He done built this hot tub out of a water trough insulated." Tammy, it's okay. It's okay, sis. It's okay. He done built this hot tub. So, I look at it and I say, "Man, I'd like to have one now." He sends me the plans to it. He shows me his soaking cold soaking tub. I said, "That's all right. You can do both in this one." He's texting me back. You can set this up. You can do hot and cold. Joyce, I was telling Joyce about it. She said, "You ain't allowed to go to Tommy's no more. Y'all can't even talk." I sent him a text the other day and I said, "Look," I said, "Listen, look at this, Tommy." I said, "It's a whole truckload of barrels, 4 foot by 4 foot barrels. We can get them for $5 a piece." I said, "Can you imagine the money we can make selling hot tubs?" He said, "Let's go." But the Pentecostal believer, the church, the bride, he says she has high ambitions. He said we ought to have high expectations. It should have high expectations because it's been expecting God to do something. What good is a God if he never does anything? You know, we got the only We serve the only God that has ever risen and come up out of the ground and is alive today. The rest of them still sitting in a tomb. They ain't doing nothing. But I see my God working. I see my God moving. I see my God delivering. [Applause] I got to I got to find a ramp here, brother Steve. Start making my way down. He says, "Come to church this afternoon." If you're sick and you say, "I'm expecting to go home." Well, and I'm not leaving until I do. Now, that's contending for the faith. He says, "If you haven't got the Holy Ghost, say I'll stay here and I'll rot in this place or I'll get the Holy Ghost." Are we willing to fight? He said, "But we take it too haphazardly." Huh? Many times we we count it as, like I said, just another service. This is just another Wednesday night. I don't think this is just another Wednesday night. There's a there's a special presence here. The music was a certain way. the the atmosphere was set in a certain way, in a certain tone. Somebody came expecting. Somebody came expecting. But many times, sometimes people will say, "Well, it's just Brother Ber preaching or it's just Brother Brad preaching." Well, you know what? I I if you come that way, if you're coming to see what the man does, you're going to see a man. Because if you're sitting back there and you say, "Well, it's just Brother Ber. It's just Brother Brad. It's just Brother Joe. It's just Brother Tim. It's just Brother." You're sitting back there, you're not going to see God do anything. You're going to think about all of Brother Brad's mistakes. You're going to think about the things he done as a young person. You're going to think about the things he said wrong. You're going to think about the the way he hurt your feelings. Amen. Good preaching. But if you come here with expectations and say, "I don't care who's preaching tonight. I don't come to hear man. I come to hear God. God, I have a need in my life. I have a desire in my heart. And Lord, just speak to whoever it is. Speak through him that I may receive what you have in store for me. You know, our attitude determines what we get. Our attitude determines what we get. We come expecting to get an answer from God, you'll get an answer from God. I'm going to interject this. It's not in my notes, but I'm going to put it in there. I told you I got my feelings hurt, right? Yeah. I got my feelings hurt. I mully grubbed about it for a couple days and I thought, you know what? I don't even know if I'm going to church. Some of you angels put your wings up. But I said, "No, that's not the right attitude. Thank God for the Holy Ghost above my big toe." I said, "I'm going to go see what God says about this. I'm going to go see what God says about this. And I'm going to see if I got the right attitude or if I if I should have my feelings hurt or what I shouldn't. I'm going to go see what God says. Amen. I didn't go ask brother Ber before service, hey, what do you think about this? No. We prayed. We went through our normal routines. We prayed. We had song service. I sat down right here, took my spot right here. And he says, "God don't need no babies." Come again. God, I don't expect you to be crying, he said. I thought that's what you said. Problem solved. But if I would have come and asked Brother Ber or if I'd have said, "Well, he's just picking on me. Joyce must have told him." No, that's not the way God works. But when you come with expectations, things change. If you have a need in your life, you can stake on it. Brother Brandham said there was a man that come to he was trying to seek God and every time he'd say, "I'm saved." He said the devil would say, "No, you're not." He said, and he he would say, "I'm saved." And he would say, "No, you're not." And he said he one day he drove down a stake. Come on now. And he said, he drove down that stake. And he said, "From this time on, Satan, I'll point you to this stake. I'm going to point you to this stake. This is the place where I met God's requirements right here." Come on, church. Some of us need to drive our steak down. Some of you need to drive your steak down over depression, over anxiety, over fear, over doubt, over anger. Drive your state down. He said, "Drive it down right beside you." I challenge you. If you've got something in your life that you need God to move on, open up your Bible and write it right there. Depression, May the 28th, I drive my stake. I'll point you back, Satan, every time to this word. You don't have to have it no more. Drive that stake. Fear shouldn't have no holds on us. Doubt shouldn't have any holds on us. drive the steak. I wasn't going to do this, but I got to. And I got to get off here somewhere. I got about 10 10 stories I want to tell. We ain't started, but I'm going to tell this one and we're going to close. Maybe two. The prophet said there was a young man. There was a young man, no doubt a good citizen. He said, 'But he was a good citizen of the country, but spells would come on him. And he said spells would come on him and he would get so bad that the prisons couldn't hold him. He said they bound him with chains, he had a legion of devils in him. 6,000 devils. This is a bad character. This is a bad bad character. And he said they couldn't hold him. He was in the graveyard. They put him out there and he would take the slabs. Think about that. The slabs of marble and he was under such possession that he would take those slabs and cut and tear himself. That's not an easy task. But he would cut and tear himself. He said, "But one day, one day he met Jesus." He said, "One day he met Jesus." And from that time, he drove a stake. He drove a steak. That maniac drove a steak right there. And he met Jesus. And he said, "From that time, he was never the same. When he met Jesus, he became a gentleman. He said he could go back home a gentleman and be back with his family as a gentleman because from that time he could say, "I've been changed." You say, "Well, that sounds good. That sounds good. You can tell us all the stories. You can tell us about Joshua and Caleb and and blind Barnameus. You can tell us about deaf ears. You can tell us about the maniac. You can tell us about all those things that happened in Jesus' time. I got to do it. I'm not going to get into the full details, but I've got his permission to tell this story. Sister Sarah, I got his permission. That mama back there cried and she cried for a prodal. My nephew as a child who was the sweetest, the most caring, the most loving young man that you would ever meet. But something happened on the inside. Something scarred him so bad and hurt him so bad that he turned to an outside resource. She kept praying. She kept praying. A year, two years. How many Sarah? Five. Five years bound by chains and torment. Five years addicted. Five years of holding on to pain that he could not control. That he had no control over. Five years tormented, God had begun to deal with me. I knew I had to go see him. I just didn't know when. So, as conversations go, can I have a few minutes here? As conversations go, there was an opportunity and God said, "Now's the time." So I told her, I said, 'I'm going to the house. You think he'll talk to me? She said, 'I don't know if he'll talk to anybody. So I go and I pull up and I ring or a knock on the door, I can't remember which, and he comes door. I say, "Hey buddy, what you doing?" I'm just hanging out. So I go in, I began to just talk to him and say, "Hey, I just want you to know you don't always have to live this way." And I want you to know that I'm here for you. Your mama's here for you. Your family's here for you. But more importantly, God is here for you. He played it off. So I said, "Well, I'm not going to ask him to pray. I'm not going to do any of that. I'm just going to let him know I'm here for you." So I left. Little time goes by. God begins to move and God begins to work on the inside, man. He can't live like this anymore. Are you with me? Prayers have been been rotating through the heavens. Desperation, cries of desperation been been rotating through the heavens and God heard the prayers. and he comes a and God begins to deal with him and he begins to DT detox for if you don't know the words the terminology says okay he told me it was it'll help people begins to shake and quiver and anger begins to boil out of him and she called and it's I can tell you I won't put you a stake in the ground. I'm going to let you know the day. I don't know the date, but I know the day. Brother Kadre Diggs was here to preach. We were in that study right there. She said, "I'm going to come." He said, "He wants y'all to pray with him. He can't do this." We sat back there, Brother Ber and myself prayed with him. And we begin to pray for him and and talk to him and tried to encourage him. And Brother Ber had duties and to take care of out here. And so I just sat back there and I said, "Are you serious about this?" Yeah, I can't live like this no more. And I said, "God's here to help you." I've debated for months if I want to say this, but I'm going to say this because it'll help somebody. He said, "I hate your God." I said, "You don't mean that." He said, "Why would God allow me to go through what I've gone through? Why would God allow the things that's happened to me happened to me? Why has God allowed me to have to go down this road if he's such a loving God? And I told him, I said, "There's been choices made. Choices that you had no control over, decisions made." I said, "But you've got a choice, too." Can I just tell you how honest I was with him? And Lord forgive me. Let me step around here. I said, "Listen here, Cody." I said, "You you got you got choices." I said, "You can be the kind, the loving, the gentle Cody that you once was, or you can be the butthole." Forgive me, but that's what I told him. But it got his attention in such a way that he began to realize, I've got choices to make in this. I've got decisions to make. And he began to begin to toil over these decisions. And he began to think over these decisions. And we began to pray. And we began to think. And he got so angry because we made him stay. And his mama said, "Do you want to go home, Cody?" I said, "He ain't going home." He said he was going to stay. If we prayed for him, he was going to stay. I said, "He ain't going home." I said, "That's your mama talking. I'm your uncle. You ain't going home. Take me home. No, you're staying right here. He stayed. God made doors open that would allow him to get the help that he needed. God be to move onto the scene. God began to go into him and he began to tenderize him and God be to help him through the struggles because I told him, I said, "What you're fixing to go through, you're going to have to fight. This is going to be the hardest hardest weeks of your life that you've ever went through. I've seen detox. I've seen babies addicted to heroin. I've seen babies that were born into homes that were full of of heroin and cocaine. And I've seen them shake and I've seen them quiver. And I've seen them cry. And it's no different whether it's a baby or or an adult. Things began to change. Little by little, God was moving in his heart. Little by little, when Sarah would go to Murphy'sboro to visit with Kaye, he worked up the courage to come to church. That right? And he sat there, God began to move. God began to deal. God began to work. It wasn't long he would go on his own on Wednesday night. Tenderizing, God moving, God God doing something. He told me the other day, he said, you know, I had to go, he has to go to this program, and it's it's it's okay that I tell you this, but he has to go to this program. He he's he's committed to it and he's got to finish it. But he said the woman there began to talk about uh the uh about Catholicism and and and this that and the other. And he said he said, "Listen, I'm leaving." She said, "Why?" He said, "Cuz I don't care a thing about your Catholicism. It was Jesus Christ who died for me." God began to move on the scene. He lives in a home and he and he lives there and he's got kind of under supervision, I guess. And I think it's kind of comical now, but they tell him said, "You you're coming in too late. You're staying out on Wednesday. You're coming in too late." He said, "Kick me out. If it means I'm can't go to church, just kick me out." You say, "What? What do you say all this for?" I'm going to say this because somebody was contending. Somebody was contending for this for for Cody. Somebody his mama was contending. His family was contending. And we wanted to God to move in his life. And for somebody to say that they dislike God so much and then to come right here through this prayer line with both hands up and say, "I just want God to fill me with the Holy Ghost. Don't tell me my God's not alive. Don't tell me he's still not doing the things that he done in those days. There was a story I read here just the other day. True story. True story. Young lady, she was in a horrific accident and she was trapped in a car and she was trapped in the car and and a in the middle of the wreckage. She the rescuers couldn't free her and she was bleeding to death and and slowly and little by little the blood was draining out of her body and one of the paramedics stood there and he was holding her hand as she was bleeding out and slowly starting to fade away and the young girl looked up at the paramedic and said, "Will you pray for me?" So he began to pray and as he began to pray, God came on the scene. as he began to pray about that time a man get this now a man steps out of a cornfield dressed in a suit packing a Bible. You say you're making this up. I'm not making it up. Eyewitnesses document it. And this man walks out of the cornfield in a suit packing a Bible and he walks over there and he says, "I'm here to pray for you." That man begins to lay his hands on her and he lays her hands on her and people are taking pictures of this scene. All of a sudden, the bleeding stops. All of a sudden, her breath returns to normal breathing rate. All of a sudden, her blood pressure returns to normal. All of a sudden, she's alert and oriented. And as they look around, this man's nowhere to be found. The rescuers finally get her out of the car and she's asking questions. Who was that that prayed for me? I want to thank him. They said, 'I don't know, but there was people taking pictures all over. Just to go find the picture, we'll find out who it is. You know how many pictures he appeared in? Zero. Zero. He stood right beside the paramedic and prayed with the paramedic and he says, "I don't know who he was. Don't tell me. God can't work on the scene. But sometimes we have to fight. I'll close with this. Brother Brandham told the story. He says, you know, it's not the size of the of the dog in the fight, but it's the size of the fight in the dog. And he said that always stood out to me. And he said it was in that football stadium right above the header when they would go out onto the field. That way that those guys every time they went underneath it they could look up there say we may not be the biggest, we may not be the baddest. We may not have the most money. We may not be the loudest. We may not be this or we may not be that. But one thing about it we got is we got fight. and they can look at that sign and say, "No matter what, I've got fight." And he says that he says, "Let me tell you, if you'll get the devil on the run, don't let him run over you, but you get the devil on the run." And you show him what size he is and you get a little grit about yourself. Oh, we need Christians with grit in this hour. And then you can claim your Godgiven privileges in Jesus Christ. Let's stand to our feet. You love the Lord tonight. Oh man, God sure is good to us. He's on time. He's on time. When it looks like it it's over, when it looks like it's it's defeated, when it looks like that that you can't do nothing about it, there he comes arriving on the scene. Why? Cuz you're fighting. You're contending. You're moving. You're asking God to move on the scene. You think about David. We need some all night services is what we need. What you think about David? Brother Bam said he goes there and he picks up those five little stones. He said he picks up those five stones, Jesus, and puts them in his five little fingers, fa I t. and he begins to sling that stone. And you know, I often wondered, and this is just my thinking, so take it with a grain of salt. Why did he need five stones if it was Goliath? Well, I got to thinking, I got to study and look, and some people think that there was more than just one giant. If there was one, it could have been more. They said he had brothers, right? So, I can just imagine David say, "You know what? One's not enough. Well, I'm not just going to take down one giant, but if any of the others want to come and combat against me, I'm going to take them out, too. Bring it on, Satan. And that's the kind of the attitude we need to have. Bring it on, Satan. Let's bow our heads. We'll sing that song that you sang at the beginning there. On time, God. Sister Becky, Lord, we just come before you. We've held the people way too long tonight. Forgive us. Forgive me, Lord. It wasn't my intentions, but there was just I just felt like so much so much that we were gaining and so much that we were moving under inspiration on, Lord, and just helping tonight, Lord. So, forgive me for holding the people too long. Would you see them with safe travels home? Help us, Lord, as in the weeks to come to fight, to be earnestly contending for the faith that you placed in our life to we can have and see the same things take place in our lives as in the days of the Bible. because we know that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. And sometimes it may look dreer. Sometimes it may look gloomy. Sometimes it may look like it's not going to happen. But you always show up on time as long as we still fight. So help us, Lord, in this hour to be fighters for what you have in store for us. Help us to drive a stake over depression, over anxiety, drive a stake over fear and and and the pressures of this life, the things that hold us back. and to say, "From this day, from this time, Satan, I'll never be the same because God arrived on the scene." Amen. Amen. Well, he's an ontime God. Yes, he [Music] is. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. [Music] Job said he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. Cuz he's an on time God. Yes, he is once again. Well, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. [Applause] He's an old time God. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. Well, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. You got the verses. Well, you can ask the children of Israel trapped at the Red [Applause] Sea. By that mean old Pharaoh and his army. They had water all around them and old Pharaoh at their back. But out of nowhere, God stepped in and built a highway just like that. I tell you, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Well, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. Cuz he's an on time God. Yes, he is. One more time now. Well, you can ask the 5,000 hungry souls he fed on the banks of the river with two fishes, five loaves of bread. What a miracle he performed for the multitude. What he did for them back then, he'll do for me and you. I tell you, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Well, he's an on. [Music] He'll be there right on time. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Let's sing it to him one more time. Oh, he's an on God. Yes, he is. Will. He's an on God. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want it, but be there right on [Music] [Applause] time. Amen. You believe that with all your heart? I mean, I don't know about you, but I didn't think he preached too long. Did you? Cuz I'm going to tell you, when you're in the presence of Jehovah, Brad, I think time stands still. My body feels good. I feel good. Because I know that he's here. And whatever you have need of, whatever I have need of, he can do it tonight. Don't you just love him? Let's sing that little chorus before we go. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad your mercy has followed me. How many's thankful for his mercy tonight? Oh, so glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy has followed me. So glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I'm yours. So glad. One more time if we could tonight. Oh, so glad I'm yours. So glad I'm yours. So glad your [Music] mercy has followed me. So glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I'm yours. [Music] So glad I know. Amen. You love him with all your heart. Brother Steve, this the first Sunday coming up. Remember, brother Joe Adams will be with us Sunday. Remember the services Sunday. And we're still having carrying, right? Carrying Sundays. Amen. Just come expecting a great time in the Lord and bring this atmosphere back with you. Just be in it all this week. Amen. God bless you. Our brother here that come in late. God bless you. Good. I glad to have you with us each and every one. And Amen. Just pray one for another. And Amen. How many's ready for battle tomorrow. Amen. And amen. God bless you tonight as you go. We love you. Appreciate each and every one of you. Let's sing that little chorus. Every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. as we go. God bless you. And every day with Jesus, always sweeter than the day before. and every day with Jes.
