################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-07 - Bro. Phill Bontrager • 4625 • Sun EVE • The Spirit of Liberty Pt2 - Phill Bontrager.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-07
Title:   Bro. Phill Bontrager • 4/6/25 • Sun EVE • The Spirit of Liberty Pt2
Speaker: Phill Bontrager
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VnYgyG6H9vs
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, [Music] hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] is old world affords today than to be the king of [Music] last or be held in sin dress. Stand with me tonight. I'd rather have Jesus than anything this whole world today. Oh, I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold. I'd rather be his than have riches [Music] untold. I'd rather have Jesus than houses or lands. I'd rather be led by his nailed pierced hands than and need the king of last domain or be held in sad. I'd rather have Jesus than anything this old world affords today. And I'd rather have Jesus than men's applause. I'd rather be faithful to his dear cost. I'd rather have Jesus than worldwide fame. I'd rather be true to his holy name than to be the king of last name or be held in sand. [Music] I'd rather have Jesus than an envo this old [Music] world today. Jesus is the sweetest name I know. Yes, Lord. and he's just the same as his lovely name. And that's the reason why I love him so. Oh Jesus. Yes. The sweetest name I know. Amen. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. There's just something about that name. Oh master, savior Jesus, like the fragrance after a rain. Oh Jesus, Jesus, Jesus. Let all heaven and earth proclaim. Oh, kings and kingdoms will all pass away. But there's something about that [Music] name. Amen. Give him a hand of applause. Say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. How many appreciated the Holy Spirit speaking to us this morning? Amen. And the fellowship that we had one another. How many appreciates that? Amen. And now we get one more good treat before we go home. Amen. How many's looking forward to that? Amen. Let's bow our heads, Lord Jesus. We come before you once again, Lord. Presenting ourselves before you, Lord. opening ourselves up, Lord Jesus. Standing, so to speak, Father, just bare before you, Lord. Lord, you see us and you know us better than we know oursel, Lord. There's no secret about us. There's nothing hid Lord. It's all open before you. And we ask, God, that you'd search our hearts and our reigns of our hearts, Lord. Motives, our objectives, our every aspect, Lord. For we want it all lined up with you. For we know, Lord Jesus, one of these days you're going to come in the clouds of glory someday soon, Father, for this earth is about done, Lord Jesus. But Lord, we look for you to come. And then, Lord, we look to be ready for your coming in the air and to meet you in the air, Lord Jesus. And tonight, once again, Father, we come before you and say, Lord Jesus, see if there's any way that's displeasing to you, Father, in our hearts and in our lives, Lord. And if there is, take it from us, Lord. Father, give the speaker, brother Phil, great liberty once again just to speak God. What do you lay upon your heart, his heart to speak, Father, and we would just ask God that you just bless those especially Sister Parish tonight, Lord, that you just be with her in a special way. Give her a healing touch, Lord. Sister Janet also need more strength, Father. The different ones, Lord Jesus, just need a touch. We ask God, you touch them, Lord. And father, each one here, Lord Jesus, that you'd also touch us, Lord Jesus, that we may be able to go from here. Go out those doors and say, "Boy, did are not our hearts burn within us as Jesus talked to me as he spoke to my heart tonight, God." We commit this service to you now in Jesus name. And everybody said, "Amen." Amen. God bless you. Amen. God bless you, brother. God bless you, brother Thomas. You too, man. Come and dine. Jesus has a table spread tonight. Well, Jesus has a table spread where the saints of God are fed. Well, he invites his chosen people come and die. Where with his mana he does feed and supplies our every need. book is sweet to subway with Jesus all the time. Well, come and dine. The master call of come and well you may feast at Jesus table all the time. Will you fed the multitude? Turn the water into wine. to the hungry calleth now come and thine and the disciples came to land thus obeying Christ's command for the master called to them oh come and die there they found their heart's desire bread and fish upon the fire the he satisfies the hungry every Well, come and dine. The master call of come and dine. Oh, you may feast at Jesus table all the time. Well, he who fed the multitude, he turned the water into wine. To the hungry call of now come and die. Amen. And soon the lamb will take his bride to be ever at his side. All the host of heaven will assemble me. And oh will be a glorious sight. All the saints in spotless white and with Jesus they will feast eternally. will come and dine. The master call of come and die. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. Well, you fed the multitude. He turned the water into wine. To the hungry call of night. Oh, come and die. Sing that last verse. Well, soon the lamb will take his bride to be ever at his side. All the host of heaven will assemble thee. And oh will be a glorious sight. All the saints in spotless white and with Jesus they will feast eternally will come and die. The master callth come and die. Oh you may feast at Jesus table all the time. Well you fed multitude. He turned the water into wine to the hungry calleth now. Come and die. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise tonight. Amen. I pray that's what you come to do. Amen. Just a little talk with Jesus. You may be seated. I'm sorry. Amen. You forgive me. I want to apologize this morning. And how many got married in the month of April besides me and Janet? Stand. Come up here. I messed up this morning. I get excited. And they told me and I finally figured out what I'd done wrong. And I thought, "Well, you're a big dummy." But it ain't my first mistake. And guess what, brother John? won't be my what? That's right, brother Josh and Sister Leah. I am so sorry. God bless you, my friend. Let's sing it. A happy anniversary to you. A happy anniversary to you. Well, may you feel Jesus near every day of the year. A happy anniversary to you. A happy anniversary to you. I'm the best one you've ever had. Amen. God bless you. Amen. I felt really bad for doing that. And you'd think after doing this for 30 something years I wouldn't make any mistakes, but I think they get worse, brother Brad. And instead of Amen. But God bless you. And glad brother Josh is feeling better. It was continue to remember him in our in our prayers. And I just thought of that the other day and I thought, Lord, you know what he has need of cuz that's a serious thing. And I've never had a migraine, but I've never had the condition he was talking about. So, but we're glad the Lord is touching his body. Amen. Just a little talk with Jesus makes it right. Well, I once was lost in sin, but Jesus brought me in. And then a little light from heaven filled my soul. It bathed my heart in love and it wrote my name above and just a little talk with Jesus made me whole. Now let us oh let us well he will and he will answer by and by. Now when you feel a little prayer will turning and you know a little fire is burning you will find a little talk with Jesus makes it right. Sometimes my past seems dre without a ray of cheer and thin a cloud may hide the light of day. The midst of sin may rise and hide the starry skies, but just a little talk with Jesus clears the way. Well, let us let us well he will and he will answer by and by. Now when you feel a little prayer will turn and you know a little fire is burning. You will find with Jesus makes it right. Well I may have doubts and fears. My eyes be filled with tears but Jesus is a friend who watches day and night. Oh yes. till I go to him in prayer for he knows my every care and just a little talk with Jesus makes it right. Well let us oh let us well he will hear our fest cry and he answer by and by. Now when you pray, we'll burn and you know little fire is burning. You will find a little talk where Jesus makes it right. Once again, if we could now let us let us he will and he will answer by and by. Now when you feel a little prayer will turning and you know a little fire is burning, you will find a little talk with Jesus makes it right. Makes it right. Amen. You believe that? Amen. Brother Brandham said there's one thing you can't do too much. And he said that's pray. Amen. Brother Caleb and uh Brother John Hersburgger, are you going to come take up the offering tonight? and several had to leave this afternoon. So, we've kind of got a light crew tonight, but and just remember the request that was made this morning. Sister Parish and Sister Peggy and Brother Glenn and and Sister Sherry and Sister Janette's not here again tonight. Continue to remember them in prayer. If you have need on your hearts, you might just lift it to the Lord in prayer. And we're going to ask Brother Caleb if he'd just pray over the needs tonight. Amen. Let's sing a little chorus. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Well, wonderful, wonderful, oh Jesus is to me. He's my counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he. Oh, he is saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Oh, wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Oh, he's so wonderful. Wonderful. Yes, Jesus said to me, "Well, he's my counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he. He is saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Amen. Springs of living water. Amen. Amen. This is a subject might think we've had a lot of, but we need more of his water. Amen. Well, I thirsted in the barren land of sin and shame and nothing satisfying there I found. But to the blessed cross of Christ one day I came where springs of living water did abound. And now I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Oh, happy now am I. Yes, my soul they satisfy when I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Oh, wonderful and bountiful supply. How sweet the living water from the fields of God. It makes me glad and happy all the way. Now glory, grace, and bless mark the path that I've taught. Well, I'm shouting hallelujah every day. And now I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Oh, happy now am I. Yes, my soul they satisfy. Well, I'm drinking at the springs of living water. How wonderful and bountiful sublime. Oh sinner, won't you come today to [Music] Calvary? A fountain there is flowing deep and wide. The spring invites you to the water free where thirsting spirits can be satisfied. And now I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Oh, happy now am I. Yes, my soul they satisfy. Well, I'm drinking at the springs of living water and bountiful supply. Amen. We're going to have a special tonight. Uh Sister Becky's going to sing and it's good to have our visitors back with us tonight. God bless you. Go ahead, Sister Becky. [Music] Somebody up there loves loves me, dear [Music] Lord. The cattle on the hills are thine, O Lord. You only lend them to man. The trees and the flowers are thine, oh Lord. Works of thy creating [Music] hand. You're so great all the world can't contain your spirit. Beyond the stars I see. Heavens your throne. The earth is your foottool. Yet you're still mindful of me. [Music] I feel close to you somehow. I feel loved by you right now. I have a warm feeling down in my heart coming from the blue. Somebody up there loves me, dear Lord. That somebody is you. I feel close to you somehow. I feel loved by you right now. I have a warm feeling down in my heart. Coming from the blue. [Music] Somebody up there loves me, dear Lord. Somebody up there loves me, dear Lord. That somebody is you. [Music] that somebody is [Music] [Applause] you man. Let's stand tonight if we could and ask for the field to come and Amen. sing that little chorus as he comes tonight. Fill my cup, Lord. Would you enjoy the service this morning? And man, pray God will just speak to our hearts tonight. Oh, fill my cup, Lord. I lift it [Music] up. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Oh, bread of heaven, feed me till [Music] I make me whole. One more time. Let's sing that. Oh, fill my heart. Come and quit. Amen. Amen. I just want to say one thing before we get started this morning. I wasn't trying to tell you married folks how to live or anything like that. That would just make an example of what our human love can do when we let it interfere with our relationship. So, um yeah, I don't know anything about being married, so ignore that part. But we get our emotions involved and our feelings hurt and it just messes up makes call dissension and stuff instead of just letting it go. What if someone does what if someone does insult you? What if they do disrespect you? What if they don't appreciate you? Well, stand in Jesus shoes. All right. How did he how did he react when they did that to him? And there is freedom when you can do that. when you're not controlled by your emotions. Amen. Amen. Lord Jesus, we're grateful that we can come back again. Father, what a wonderful day we've had so far. Father, I just ask that you would come and just bless us one more time now this afternoon, Lord. And just speak to each heart, Father. Let each person hear from you personally. Let each person know that you love them, you care for them, you never disrespect them, you never take them for granted. You, Lord Jesus, we do you all the time, but you don't do that for us. And so Lord, help us, Lord, to recognize you more and more than ever before, Lord. And just to walk with you as as you would as you would lead us, Father, we ask you take this word, Lord, and make it real. Ask this in your name, Lord Jesus. Amen. I want to read out of John 3. Most of you could probably quote this, but we're going to go ahead and read it just to make a couple points. John 3, we're going to start at verse three. Go down about verse eight. The second part of speaking on the spirit of liberty. Amen. John 3 and verse3 it says Jesus answer said unto him verily verily I say unto you except a man be born again he cannot see the kingdom of God. We know that word see is not to see with your eyes but to understand. Like like be saying brother Caleb people it it's a secret. Until you've been born again you really don't know what it is to be born again. You don't know. You have an idea. I know I had all kinds of ideas about what it was to be born again and I expected God to to do this birth in a certain way and he said, "No, I'm going to do it the way I want to." And as long as you're looking for it the way you think it's going to come, it's not going to come. And so, you got to lay down your own stuff and accept it the way it is. So, in order to to understand the kingdom of God, we must be born again. Go ahead and have a seat because it's going to take forever. Go ahead. Verse four. Nicodemus said unto him, "How can a man be born when he is old? Can he enter into the second time into his mother womb be born? And Jesus said, "Verily I say to you, except a man be born of water and of spirit. He cannot enter into the kingdom of God. That which is born of the spirit is flesh. That which is born of this uh born of this flesh is flesh. That was born of the spirit is spirit. Marvel not that I say unto thee, you must be born again." Now, this is what I want to get to. The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but cannot tell when it came from and wherether it goes. see the freedom of it. You don't control the spirit, friends. Yeah. You don't control the spirit. And when we try, we find ourselves in a bad place. But then listen what he said. He said, "So is everyone that is born of the spirit." He said, "If you are born of the spirit, that spirit comes and it goes. You don't control it. It's just controls you and it goes where it wants. And it's not for us to try and like I'm going to hold on to that." He takes you and he moves you by the spirit and he controls you. And you don't know where you're coming from or where you're going, but you just know that you're being led by the spirit. Amen. So, this is that spirit of liberty we're talking about. It's the Holy Spirit. And so, the question is now it's a spirit of liberty. We look this morning at what can happen when we're not subject to the spirit of liberty. But what happens when we are liberty to do what? What are we free to do when we are born again? We're free to live holy. We are free to live above condemnation. To overcome the things of the world that live without a burden of guilt. You ever carry a burden of guilt? Have that thing dropped off you? That is freedom, brother and sister. There is no liberty like having that freedom gone. Freedom to live above fear. Freedom to live above our own self, not controlled by our own mess. And this is what it is. It's freedom to be what God wants us to be because he wants to express himself through us. And if we would just let him. Yeah. Oh, I want more of God. He says, I want more of you, but you got to let me. I cannot live more in you until you get rid of that old self, that old nature, those things you love so much that are your comfort. I Let me be your comfort. I will be the comfort more than this world can ever provide. But why don't we do it? Because we don't trust him. Why? Because it can hurt. I did I say can hurt? That's wrong. It will hurt cuz it hurts us. Oh, nature. It hurts us. Oh, this stuff that we have to give up. It's painful. But oh, the reward when you do. You enter a place of freedom that the world can only like it's a fantasy. You know, the best they can do is go get high on some kind of drug and try and find that way. But you and I, we have an everlasting eternal drug. It's called the Holy Spirit. It sure is. You know what else it gets you allows us to be free to do is to keep God's commandments. That's right. Now, here's the problem. You say, "Wait a minute. If you're made to follow these rules, how is that freedom?" Because when you start saying commandments and keeping the law, right away, people just tighten up like, "Oh my, here we go getting legalistic." Well, let's look at what the commandments are. If you want to turn to Matthew 22, what is Jesus commandments to us? 22:36 Master, which is the great commandment in the law? Jesus said unto him, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, with all thy mind." This is the first and great commandment, and the second is like unto it. "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." Amen. Follow the rule. There's the rule he wants you to follow. Can you love? Oh, he didn't say anything about wearing your hair right, dressing right, doing all these, you know, living a holy life. No, he didn't say that. But he said, "On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets." What's he saying? You get those two right. Yeah. And the rest falls into place. You get those two right. Love the Lord with all your heart and love your neighbor like yourself and the rest of it is going to fall in place and you're going to be free to fulfill the law. Not in your own strength. In Mark, he's talking about this. He says, "There is none other commandment greater than these." These are the two great commandments is to love. His commandment to you and I are to love. If you can follow that rule, you're going to be in a good place. It's not a legalism. Well, I got to do what God tells me to do. I got to do this. I got See, see, once you get the love of God in your heart like that, you time you find pleasure in following these rules. You you find freedom in following these rules because you just your nature wants to do it. Come on. Because otherwise you are you are grieving the Holy Spirit. And what is worse thing to do in your life than to grieve the Holy Spirit? I will grieve all of you a thousand times over more than I want to grieve the Holy Spirit because I can live without you, but I can't live without him. Oh, when we get to that point, brother and sister, we'll stop looking at, well, what do I want? What is my feelings? No, I don't care about this. I want to know what God wants from me because I need to please him. That's right. Go to John 15 starting at verse 9. Let me read a lot of scripture tonight if that's okay. I know it is because you love the Bible. 159. John 59. As the father hath loved me, so have I loved you. Continue in my love. So right away he says, "As the father loved him." That's agape love, right? So I have loved you. He said, "I have loved you the same way with agape." He said, "Continue in my agape." Continue in it. If you keep my commandments, what was his commandment? Love. If you will love, you shall abide in my love. That means you will remain in his love. If you will love, I you will remain in my love. Keep my commandments. Even I have as I have kept my father's commandments and abide in his love. So just the same way that Jesus abide in the father's love, you and I can abide in his love if we keep his commandments, which is simply to love. That's all. Lord, it's all it is. It's don't have to live holy. Friends, get this in your heart and you will live holy because you can't stand not to. You can't help it. It's something inside. Yeah. Oh, I know. You know what I'm talking about. It's something inside that you're not controlling. You're not trying to. It just is there and you can't help it. Let me go back to that that that that the the examp take take a sheep, put him out and say, "Now you got hay over you got a falfa over here. You got a pig pen over there. What do you want? What's his nature?" He might say, "Well, let me go. My friends, my friend pigs are over here. Let me go hang out with my friend pigs for a while." And he gets in there and he starts like, "This is nasty." And he walks over here. Let me hang out in the hay field. Let me get the alalfa. Why? Cuz his nature can't help it. He can't help it. That's what he is by nature. And he get some of his friends. You need to come to church with me. His little piglet friends, let's go to church over. You got to see this. This this alalfa is amazing. And the little piglets go over there and they go, "Oh, this is nasty. Who you are? This is so boring. Who wants to go to church?" And you're over there going, "Oh, I'm having the time of my life." And they're over here saying, "Oh, I'm having the time of life." And they're both right. But it's your nature. When you get a new nature, you can't help what you love. Oh, hallelujah. You can't help but love Jesus. You can't help but love your brothers. And you can't help but love your enemies. Hallelujah. You can't help it. All you need is a nature. He said, "Except you be born again." And let me say it right now. If you're not born again there right now, you have no clue what I'm talking about. But if you are born again, you say, "Amen." Cuz I know I'm experiencing this what you're saying. You say, "Well, but brother Phil, sometime but sometime not." And I just feel like, well, of course it ain't a picnic is a battle. You going to fight this day and night. But brother and sister, isn't it great when you see someone who's been walking with the Lord for years and you look what they were 20 or 30 years ago, you look what they are now. My, what a soldier of the cross. Look at the difference in their life. I used to I used that person that they used to be so prickly. They used to have so, you know, this was going on and and they were just in and out and whatever and now they're just so anchored. Yeah. Ain't that awesome? And it is it worse than to anything else when you see someone's been following the Lord 30 or 40 years and they're still prickly. They still are that same old nature. Religious is Satan himself. Oh, Satan's religion. Religious friends. Religious as can be and following all the rules. But you see, there's never been a change. Oh, man. That just rips you up. I You know who it rips up the most? tears you up is the man sitting right here because he said, "I've been preaching for this person for years and I'm still not seeing a difference." Now that he No, no, that's nobody in here. All right, I'm just talking for examples again. Quit giving examples. Verse 11, 1511. These things have I spoken unto you that my joy might remain in you, that your joy might be full. Let me go back a little bit. It says to abide in that. that means to remain in fellowship with Christ. So, let's say that you you don't love you're not keeping the commandments and and you're struggling with things. Does that mean that God don't love you? Well, of course not. It just means that your fellowship is broken, right? But when you look at like the the prodigal son, he left home and he went he broke fellowship with the father. Did the father quit loving him? No, he did not. And he was waiting there and you know where the father was that whole time he was sitting on the front porch. He said, "Bring me my lunch out here. bring me something to drink. Why? Because I'm watching down the road because I know sooner or later my son's going to come back because he's part of me and he's going to abide with me. He says, I know his nature. I know what's inside of him and I'm going to stand here. And when he starts coming back, you know why he didn't do? He didn't say, "Well, it's about time you come back. You need to do some holiness before I start fellowship with you again." No, he didn't. He jumped off that porch. He sprinted down the road. He says, "He's back. He's back. As soon as you want to come back, you are back. You say, "I'm sinning. I'm having a problem." As soon as you want to come back, you are back right then. You don't have to go through some kind of penance. You don't have to go, "I got I'm so sorry." And all, "Oh, yeah, you'll do that anyways because you want to make everything right from your it's going to come from your heart." But brother and sister, in God's eyes, you're back already. Amen. Verse 12. This is my commandment that you love one another as I have loved you. That's agape. He said, I command you to agape each other the way I have agape you. You don't do that with human love. Human love can get you so far, but it will fail. It will not be consistent because sooner or later there's going to be someone something about that person that you just it just starts irritating you. It starts grading on you and you might have thought that was the best person, the nicest person. Oh, I'm gonna get in trouble. Yeah, that that that young woman that you married and she was perfect and there's nothing about her. Oh, you just like, oh, you know how I'm talking about. And then you go living with her for a while and you say, "Oh my goodness, where'd this come from?" You know what will run out? Human love. What keeps you there? something greater. And he talks about here verse 13, greater love hath no man than this that a man lay down his life for his friends. You said I have to die? Not physically. You know where you die. See, see people say, "Well, you know, I go and die for, you know, some a b a bear is going to kill brother Thomas and I run in there and I wrestle the bear and he kills me and Thomas is saved." Well, I'm not going to wrestle bear. That's not what he's talking about. This is talking about when there's that contention between us and I die to myself. I lay down my life and keep that contention out of there. Easily intreated. We can do this on a daily basis. You can lay down your life while you agape them. You know what it means? You know how you got someone? You love them. You want what's best for them. You do what's best for them. It doesn't matter how it makes me feel. What do you need from me? That's what it means to lay down your life. That's agape love for someone. This person needs me to tell them the truth. It's going to hurt their feelings. I'm going to feel terrible, but I'm going to do it because that's what they need. This is a way when you when you discipline your kids. I sure hope you never enjoyed spanking your kids, but you do it anyways. Why? because of love. That's what they need. You lay down your life how you feel this. I don't want to do this. I don't want to do this. But you do it anyways because it's what that person needs. That's how you lay down your life. In verse 14, ye are my friends if you do whatsoever I command you. Why did he command us? Love. In verse 17, these things I command you that you love one another. He said it over and over. My command is love. And yet when we get especially around young people, they're always asking, "Is it okay to do this? Is it okay to do that? Can we do this? Can we do that?" And you know, is it sin or it's not sin? Because some people allow this and some people don't. That's the wrong questions. Get love and then you don't those things will fall into place. It doesn't even matter. You don't care anyways except what God wants you to do. Yeah. It's just about doing what God wants because your love for God, you love him more than anything else. And then it's just like everything he does and he's perfect. He doesn't make mistakes. And now you can trust him and you can love him. That's freedom. Otherwise, being a message believer is just following some rules. Live holy enough. Be a good person. Friends, this is greater than human love can produce. It can do it for a second. It can do it for a minute, maybe for a week or two, but consistently your human love will run out. It's not enough because if it was enough, we would not have need Jesus Christ because the law would have produced it. But no matter how sincere those Jews were following that law and they love the law, they started loving the law of their religion more than they love Jehovah God. And what did it do? It produced all the idolatry and everything that was there because human love cannot consistently keep you in love with God the way that he requires. It demands a return. It demands reciprocation. It's based on emotions. It gets us feelings hurt so easy. It's so easy to hold a grudge. This is the best it can do. And it's so hard to trust someone who's going to allow you to be hurt. And God will allow you to be hurt. Amen. I was talking to the the a sister here a long time ago and she had lost a loved one and it tore her up really bad and she said, "How can I trust God anymore if he allows this to happen?" That's a very human love approach because what if she didn't have God and it happened? Then what has she got? She's got nothing. Do you trust him no matter what? It's a hard, you know, it's easy to say yes. Look, look at the prophet. The prophet sitting there watching his little girl die. And Satan came up and started giving him a hard time. And he was said, I was ready to say, well, if that's the way you're going to treat me, forget it. And what came out of his mouth? The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away. Blessed be the name of the Lord. He did not consciously start saying that that's just what comes from that nature that was birthed in there. That's trust. That's what love will produce. Try doing that in your own ability once. You'll feel fail miserably. So then if we can't do it, is God asking when Jesus said he said love this way? You got to love keep the commandments. But then you can't do it. So he's asking us to do something that's impossible. He's asking us to do something that we can't do. Oh friends, the sooner you let that sink into your heart and recognize you cannot please God in your flesh. You cannot live holy in your flesh. You cannot love correctly in your flesh. It's got to be the Holy Spirit inside of you doing it. And as long as we keep trying, God takes his hands off says, "Keep trying. Keep failing. Keep failing. Keep failing because sooner or later you're going to hit rock bottom." And all you can do is look up and say, "God, if you don't save me, I'm lost." He said, "Now you finally figured it out." Yes, he will, friend. Because he's saying, "You can't do this. That's why I went to Calvary. That's why I did what I did. That's why I suffered and all that. So that I could bring you to that place where you can fulfill my law, which is to love correctly." Yes. Oh, so many times Satan will get in there. He'll get into our religion and start, well, I, you know, I need to do this a little more. I need to quit doing that a little more. And I need to love. You ever go and try to love people? Have you ever I've done that. Well, I'm going to start loving people. Huh? About 30 minutes and I'm done. People are hard to love. They are. Otherwise, he would have said these things. If it was easy to do, everyone could do it. But we can't. 1 John 4 verse 7. Beloved, let us agape one another. For agape is of God, and everyone that agapeth is born of God and knoweth God. This is not filio love. Some people say, "Well, I love so I'm born of God." No, that's not what it's talking about. You can have all kinds of human love and not know a coup about God. He that agape not knoweth not God. For God is love. So, well, I don't have any agopy love. You don't know God. That means you're not born again. That's right. He said, "Well, I don't see it very often." Well, that's not the problem. I mean, that is a problem, but that's not what I'm saying for because especially as you as you're born again, if you're young in the Lord, you're going to it's not going to express himself as much because you got to go through the whole growing process. You have to grow into the stature of a perfect man. And that comes over time. You're you're not you're a baby and that that baby is born. He don't know how to talk. He don't know how to walk. He you grow into it. So don't get discouraged when you say, "Well, I've struggled with this. I really have a problem with this and I'm not loving the way it should." And these things that you're saying about it comes natural. It just don't come natural to me. Don't worry, little baby. You'll grow up. I'm not calling you babies. I'm saying just let's keep growing. And anyone who stands up and says, "Well, I've already there, Brother Phil. I got it." You need to be born again. You're deceived because you're saying, "I got all God there is to have." That's what denominations say. I got all God there is. There's no more God to have. If you get to that point, your love is not even close to where it's supposed to be. Because when you love God the way you should, just like you love, all you want is more and you can never, you know, you're satisfied, but yet there's a thirst for more all the time. Oh yeah, you know what I'm talking about. Verse nine. And this was manifested the love of God towards us because that God sent his only begotten son into the world that we might live through him. We might live through him, not in our own self, but through him here in his love. Not that we love God, but that he loved us. And he sent his son to be propitiation for our sins. I don't know if God loves me or not. Okay. Well, I don't know what to say. He's given us this. He tells us how much he loved us. If you say, "I don't know if God loves me." Guess who you're listening to. You're preaching. When you say that, you're preaching Satan's gospel. You're giving glorifi You're glorifying Satan. Don't do that. Don't do that, friends. Glorify God. I don't care how you're feeling. I don't care how miserable you are. I don't care what the doctor said. You walk out there fearlessly. And you say, "But God is still my keeper. God is still my savior. And if God sends me to hell, I'm going to still love him." Because if that's his perfect will, you say, "I can't do that." Oh, no. No. In your in your human love, you can't. But that's what the prophet said perfect love will do. He said, "If God will send me to hell with this spirit, I'm gonna still love him anyways." That's right. Try doing that in your human love. Impossible. Can I say something further? With God's love, it's impossible not to feel that way. Comes to maturity. Oh, did I say feel? I don't mean feel. I mean, to love that way because you're not going to feel that way. You're not going to, oh, yeah, I'm happy to go to hell. No, you're not going to be happy to go to hell. But because your love for God is what it is, if he sends you say, "Okay, I'm humble. This is where I'll go. This is what you ordained for me." But he didn't. That's right. He didn't. It was God, it was brother Brandon making an example. So what we recognize when that love is in us that we are willing to do his will, whatever it is. That's why the people, our brothers and sisters, they went to the lions. They went to the stake. They suffered all these things they did. They were willing to go and stand there and be burned to death. Why? because the love of God constrained them. That's right. They had a reality. They had something genuine. It wasn't just a religion. Verse 11. Beloved, God so loved us, we ought also to love one another. No man has seen God at any time. If we love one another, agape, God dwelleth in us, and his love is perfected in us. This isn't just your family love for your kids or your husband or wife or something like that. We all love people that way. But if we agape another then God dwellth in us. And then it says his love is perfecting. That doesn't mean that God's love needs perfecting. It needs means that we need to get out of the way so he can express that in a perfect way. Well, God, you need to perfect your love in me. No, you need to die to yourself so I can express myself. That's what it's talking about. And what happens? We're our own worst enemy when it comes to this because no one wants to die. I don't care how I don't care how mature we are in Christ, nobody wants to die to their old nature. It gets easier in certain areas. But even the prophet the all the way till the end of his ministry, he was still struggling with that old flesh. He was 1 John 4:15. Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the son of God. God dwelleth in him and he in God. Now when that says that shall confess that means more than just your mouth because it means your actions. Your life is what confessing you because a lot of people could say that with their mouth. It don't mean anything. But when your life confesses that Jesus is the son of God then God dwells in you. And we have known and believe the love that God has to us. God is love. He that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God and God in him. It's same thing. It's abiding in God's love. How we do it? by letting agape love express itself through us. Here in our love made perfect that we may have boldness in the day of judgment. This is the day of judgment for the bride. Amen. How do we have boldness? Because as he is, not was as he is, so are we in this world. Yes. Oh my. You can see what he was back there. You can see him manifesting right the same thing today. And you can say that that the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you. And it's quickening this mortal body so that that I can love, I can believe, I can live a holy life. I can overcome this world. Why? Because the same spirit. It's not a lesser spirit. It's not just a little bit of a bitty spirit. It's the exact same spirit because you are his brother. He calls you sister. He calls you brother. And that same spirit is manifesting through you that was in him. And you can have boldness. You say, "If this is what is happening in me, then I know that I am a born again child of God, cuz there's no way I can manifest this on my own self." Oh, why? And then he says verse 18, there is no fear in love. Oh, hallelujah. Perfect love cast out fear cuz fear has torment. He that fearth is not made perfect in love. Friends say, "Well, I got fears. I got fears." Never fear, little bride. You're going to get over those fears because perfect love is going to cast it out. All you have to do is just keep walking in the spirit. Just keep hearing the word. Just keep accepting it and watch you walk until that fear is thrown away. And those that fear that used to torment you, the those things that you used to lay in bed and and tw and and quiver over and stress about and you look up one day and you say, "That does not bother me anymore." And he says, "Why?" Because perfect love has cast out that fear. Oh, you talk about freedom. When you're free from fear, brother and sister, there's all Oh, I know what I'm talking about. I've experienced it and so have some of you. That doctor comes to you and says, "You got some disease. You're going to die." And you say, "Doctor, thanks for your diagnosis, but I have no fear cuz I know whom I have believed. If it's my time to go, I'll happily go. But if it's not, not a doctor or a devil can take me from this place. Oh my. Why? Cuz because faith that that perfect love casts out that fear. And if it's time for me to die, why would I want to stick around? But if it's not time for me to go to go, nothing can take me. I'm stuck here, Satan. I'm still stuck on your hands. Deal with me. Said, "Brother Phil, I have so much fears and I still struggle and I still have stress and I have this problem and you know I I I I get so tore up. I have this mental stuff going on all the time." That's fine. That's fine. You're still human. That's right. If you don't have these things come on you, go look in the mirror real quick. see that you haven't got a body change. Because until you get that body change, you're going to struggle with these things. But you're going to see a prog. You're going to see more love. You're going to see less of control. And there's going to be things that are just they're just gone. And then you got to fight to keep him away. Because Satan will try to bring them back. And he says, "Oh yeah, but you what about this? What about this?" And you know what you can do? You can say, "Satan, I got nothing to prove to you. I got nothing to defend. You're going to hell. I'm going to heaven." Deal with that. Give him a heartache. Give him some stress. I was just talking to brother Caleb, I I read where Martin Luther way back, Martin, he said, and this is not his exact words, but he said something like this. He said, "Satan cannot stand to be disrespected or taunted." Taunt him. What are you afraid of? Well, what if he gives me a hard time? If he's not already giving you a hard time, what's he going to do? Come on. That's right. What are you afraid of? God, he can't do nothing to you that God don't allow. You know what God likes for his kids to do? He likes him to stand up in the face of that big bully like David says. You know, Satan says, "I'm going to destroy you. I'm going to do this. I'm going to wreck your family. I'm going to do this." this and you say, "I'm going to cut your head off." Amen. That's right. Throw it back in his face. Throw it back in his face. He's tormented you your whole life. Torment him back. Amen. Fear is our greatest hindrance to love. Human love is controlled by fear. Oh, this is going to hurt. I'm sorry. Your kid 17 years old. They go out with their friends. They have a 10:00 curfew. You stay up. They're not back by 11. They're not back by midnight. You're tore up. You're afraid. Why? Because they're past a curfew. What good is it doing you unless you're praying, which you would be praying, but what good does it do you staying up that way and worrying on them? That don't go over very good, does it? But they're my kids. Yes, they are. But what good is it to fear? If you're praying, that's one thing. But are you praying out Oh, dear. Are you praying out of fear or in faith? Praying in fear is not doing anybody any good. God, I'm so worried. I'm so worried about them. I'm so worried about them. I'm so What's going to happen? Well, your lack of faith ain't helping. I'm glad I don't have any kids. I couldn't handle it. Let me keep moving. Matthew 5:43 look Matthew 5:43. You have heard that has been said, you shall thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine enemy. But I say unto you, love your enemies. Try doing that. Yeah. Brother Brandham said, "You should love the person who would kill you if they could get away with it." Can you love that person? Love your enemies. Bless them that curse you. Someone cusses you out. Someone cuts you off in traffic. Someone says whatever. You know what our attitude is sometime? God bless you because I'm a Christian. Get off your phone. Bless them that curse you. Do good to them that hate you. Yes, it is. He didn't say you could just ignore them and, you know, I'll be on this side of the church and they're on that side of the church. He said, do good for them. Pray for them that despitefully use you and persecute you. We can do that pretty easy. God, I just pray you bless them and just let their sins fall down and just destroy their life and just bring them to a place of repentance. that ye may be the children of your father which is in heaven. So listen, for he maketh his son to rise on the evil and on the good. Amen. Sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust. He blesses everybody. You know why? He loves the world. He loves everybody. He loves the sinners. He loves the saints. And for those sinners, he knows this is the only pleasure, only happiness they're ever going to have in such a short time. He says, "I I love you. I let me do something for you. I know you hate me. I know you're rejecting me. But if you knew it was coming, if you know it was coming, my heart bleeds for you." What did Jesus He stood there over Jerusalem. He said, "Oh, Jerusalem, your hour has come. Oh, if you would only accepted me, what I would have done for you, but now your hour has come." And he wept over him, right? That's what the spirit of God does in a believer. They'll sigh and cry for the sins being done in the church. For if we love them which love you, what reward have you? Do not even the publicans the same? The publicans are sinners, tax collectors. And this is really hard right here. If you salute your brethren only, what do you more than others? Do not even the publicans do? What does that salute mean? It means that after church, I don't want to shake hands with brother Joe because he hurt my feelings. I'm picking on you again. So, I'm just going to not salute him. Not going to greet him. Well, I you know I last Sunday he he kind of done whatever. So, I'm just not going to say anything to him today. I'm not going to shake hands with you because I'm not going to be nice. Well, I'll shake hands with you, but I ain't going to spend any time talking to you. I'm not going to have anything to do with you. I'm a Christian, so I will shake your hand. But but but but brother brother Tom, it's it's so much easier if there's a contention. Isn't it better just to stay away from him? Isn't it better just I have anything to do with him because I he don't like me and I love him because I'm a Christian, but we just don't get along. This is so uncomfortable. If you salute your brethren, salute your brethren only. Do you greet them or do you ignore them? Do you do good for them? But he hates my guts. Do you do good for them? And then he puts it in perspective. Verse 48. Be ye therefore perfect, even as your father which is in heaven is perfect. This ain't saying you're going to live a sinless life. This means that you are going to let God's perfect love expressed through you to that person no matter how it makes you feel. And when someone hates you and you're good to them, there's a good chance they're going to make it worse. They're going to make you they're going to pour it on. You're going to be vulnerable because you can go and try and be nice to someone. They're just going to turn and ren you. They're going to be horrible towards you. They're going to cuss you worse. And you walk away. See, I told you they didn't like me. You know, you were good up to that point. Don't walk away with that attitude. Walk away with attitude. God, please help them because they're they're in a bad place. And is there something else I can do to bring them to a place of repentance or something? But you do it with love. Yeah. Be perfect. Paul told us what that perfection is. We're going to get to in a little bit. First uh 1 Corinthians 13, love is perfection, the expression of it. Jesus did not go around trying to love his enemies. He did not in Gethsemane when he was there, he knew Judas was coming. He knew what was going to happen. He was, "Oh, I got to okay, I got to love Judas. Oh my goodness. I can't stand that guy. But I got to love him. Oh my. He's about to sell me out. I'm going to experience the worst thing a human being will ever experience. And I got to try to love him. Oh no. He was so dead to himself that when Judas showed up, he said, "Why call myself friend?" He called him friend. We have trouble calling people friend who do a lot less than that. This This is supposed to be heavier tonight. I'm sorry. 1 Corinthians 13, I'm gonna start at verse four. You know this by heart. Charity suffereth long in his kind. Charity envieth not. Vandethth not itself, is not puffed up, does not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not own, is not easily provoked, thinkketh no evil, rejoices not iniquity, but rejoicth in the truth. Beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeeth all things, endureth all things. Now, I'm going to read this in the NIV version just to make it a little bit easier to understand what they're saying. All right. Love is patient. There I go. Love is kind. It does not envy. It does not boast. It is not proud. It is not rude. It is not self-seeking. It is not easily angered. keeps no record of wrongs. There goes your grudges. Love does not delight in evil. Boy, that person, they finally got it. I knew they were going to get it. But I tell you well, you know, it kind of serves them right. Delights in evil. Rejoices with the truth. Always protects. Always trusts. Always hopes. always perseveres. That's what love does. Do you notice what it does not do? It does not defend itself. It does not try to control others. It does not force its opinions or thoughts or beliefs on others. It allows other people to live their own life the freedom to make their own choices. That's what love does. That's what God love God's love does. Satan's love. He takes his religion and does the exact opposite. So we're talking about the spirit of liberty because you go to a denominational church and remember I'm not just talking about out there talking about within our message ranks you can see that that forceful kind of religion that you got to do this you got to do that and it's such such a legalistic thing and they they cloak it with some kind of a a sense of of love or or you know happiness and we're all whatever we are but it's still got the underlying spirit which is a a spirit that's not easily intreated. It's hard. It's it's it's forceful. It's iron disposition. But God's love sets you free. He says, "I'm not going to force you to serve me. I'm not going to force you to love me. And my love, the example of it, proves it. God's love sets people free to live the life that you want to live. Human love controls you. And so Paul said, "I don't put away childish things." What are childish things? He's talking about attempting to control others through our manipulation, through our emotions. We throw a fit if we don't get what we want. We we you know, we we say the right things. We're nice to this person because we're trying to trying to, you know, get in good with this group of people and we're not so nice to this person because we don't really care about that group of people or whatever the situation is. And it's all little childish kind of things. It causes splits in churches. It causes clicks and all this stuff going on within families. You have families. People don't even talk to each other within the same the same family. Oh, but we're Christians. You say, "Well, they won't talk to me." I understand that if they don't talk to you, that's one thing. But what's your attitude? Are you still making that time? Are you still, "Hey, just want you to know I love you. I'll talk to you anytime you want to." You got to put yourself out there. You got to put yourself out there. hang on that cross, so to speak, and bear your own cross, I should say, because you have to be that person that's available when God wants to start dealing with them. They have to know that you love them. Try doing that in your human love. The next question is, have you, like we said this morning, what we try to do so many times, we try to control God through emotions. We try to appeal to God's emotions to try to get what we want. God, I'm really in pain right here. Don't you feel sorry for me? He said, if you start believing me, I could relieve your pain. But I don't work through pity. I don't work through your self-pity, through your victimhood. I work through faith. It's got to be faith. We pray in despair, in self-righteousness. I have wasted so many hours in prayer. wallowing in my self-pity and my grief and all my oh God I just I'm trying so hard and I just can't seem to do it and he's over there twiddling his thumbs he said you ain't even woke me up yet I am not even listening to you Romans 10 verse 5 for Moses describeth the righteousness which is of the law that the man which doeth those things shall live by them keeping the law but the righteousness which is of faith speaketh on this. Why? Say not in thine heart, who shall ascend into heaven? That is to bring Christ down from above. Who shall descend into the deep? That is to bring up Christ from the dead. See what you're doing? He said, "Well, I'm going to I'm going to pull Christ down. I'm going to pray him down. I'm going to pray him up. I'm going to live such a holy life. I'm going to get his attention. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do that. Try to bring Christ on the scene. Trying to bring Christ on the scene with my religion. But what saith it? The word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth and in thy heart. That is the word of faith which we preach. You want to bring Christ on the scene, speak the word of faith. Speak what he has revealed to you. Take God at his word. Say, God, I believe you. You know what he says back and I believe you. And because I know you're telling me the truth that you believe, I am going to move on that situation. Let me skip ahead. But I'm run out of time again. Song of Solomon chapter 2:7 says, "I charge you, oh you daughters of Jerusalem, by the rose and by the hines of the field that you stir not up nor wait my love till he please." What's he talking about? He's taking a rest. In in Hebrews it says, "Enter into his rest." What is it? You have entered into the covert of his wings. You've gone into that strong tower and he's resting and he's resting with you. Why are you resting? Because in the midst of the storm, you're taking him at his word and he's there resting and you're resting with him in the midst of your battles because by faith you have entered into that rest. He says, "Now don't stir him up and don't let him rest. He's got his bride. He's in there. Don't stir him up." Well, how would you do that? You're supposed to call Jesus on the scene. You are. There was a boat sailing across the sea one night and the storm was coming up. It was horrible. It was throwing it around and there was a there's a young a young man sitting laying in the back sleeping on a pillow. There's 12 men scared to death. The boat was filling up with water. Peter looked at John said, "What are we going to do? We're going to drown." John said, "Let's go get Jesus. They're Jesus. Don't you care? We're going to drown. We're going to die. Don't you care that we perish? What are you afraid of? Why have you no faith? Peace be still. They woke him from his rest before he was ready because there's no faith. What if they would have done this? Peter was, "Hey, we're sinking." Yeah, I know. What are we going to do? I don't Jesus is back there. What's he doing? Sleeping. Peter says, "Well, goodness sakes, if he's sleeping, I'm sleeping. Give me a pillow." He grabbed a pillow. He go and lay down next to Jesus and went to sleep. That would have been faith. You know what would woke up Jesus? About 30 minutes later, he would woke up with 12 guys snoring like sawdust, like like chainsaws in there. He said, "Man, you guys are waking me up with all this snoring. Peace, be still." And he would have rejoiced in spirit because he had believers around him. Yeah. You call Jesus on the scene, but don't do it in fear. Do it in faith. If they would say they're afraid, they're afraid that they're going to go down. They could Jesus. Jesus, hey, our boat is is sinking. It's just about down. He said, "Okay, but I know you can speak the word and fix it. The doctor comes to you and says, "You got cancer. You're going to die." Okay, thanks. But no, I got Jesus in my boat. I'm not afraid, but my family's falling apart. And that's all right. We got Jesus. He's right here. Where's he at? He's resting. Well, wake him up. Call him on and say, "What if something bad happened? My family's falling apart." Sh. Wait till he wakes up. He'll be here on time. In his time, in his season. Don't try to control him. Let him come when he's ready. He said, it says, uh, "Stir not up, nor wait my love till he pleases." Verse 7. Verse eight. Listen what happens when you wait until it's his time. It says, "The voice of my beloved, behold, he cometh leaping upon the mountains and skipping up on the hills." What? When it was time, he came right on time. And how many times have you been in a situation and it looked helpless, it looked hopeless, you didn't know what you're going to do. And all a sudden, you heard the voice of your beloved. And here he come running. Why? Because you allowed him to rest. You allowed him to come in his time, in his season. And he was free to come when he wanted to. Thank you, Jesus. In his time. You know what? You know what? Some of our greatest fear is when we put limits on God's time. When we say, "Well, God, you got to do it by this time. Well, I've been believing for a month. I've been believing for a year. I've been believing for this, and it's not happening yet." You're building fear in yourself because you're putting a time limit on him. You can't put a time limit. And also, you can't limit how he's going to do it. Right? Well, well, God, you healed this prison this way, or you delivered this person that way, or you gave this person the Holy Ghost this way, so this is the way I want it. He said, "You can go ahead and want it any way you want, but when I come, it's not going to be what you expected. It's never the way we expect, but it's always on time. It's always in this season. It's never too late." What is it, friends? Because we're trying to control what's going on. We're trying to control his love. were trying to control the spirit. That's why he said the spirit, you the wind, you hear it, it comes and it goes. You don't know where it's coming from. You don't know where it's going. You don't know what God's going to do through you. You don't know how he's going to use you. You just make yourself available so when the wind blows, you blow with it. Jesus. That's what it means, friends, to be a Christian. That's what it means to have that spirit of liberty. Think of think of nature. You you see a eagle soaring, right? They take off. They soar out there. Man, that's beautiful. There is nothing like seeing an eagle just rise up in that that blue sky and the sunshining and just soaring around there. Say, "Oh, I want to I want to keep that. I want to always have that. Let's put him in a cage." Have you ever done what I've done many times? God will do a certain thing for me and I said, "I I want to be able to get that whenever I How do I control? How do I set my mind in a way to think that I can get that back when I need it? It's like trying to hold fog in your hand. You don't do that. You know what you do? You trust him that he'll come when it's time. You trust him that he will be there because you know he loves you and you love him. And so whenever it's time and you can pray and pray and go to church and it seems like God's not moving and things just seem like it's not going right and you're in a danger of becoming of of leaning to your human love, say, "Well, God, I'm doing this. Why are you not doing something back? I I I need this reciprocation." He says, "No, you need to trust me. Well, if I go to church and God don't move what I'm supposed to do, sit there and praise him anyways. Give praise him for giving you enough faith to come to church. Praise him for giving you that that breath you're breathing right now. There's something to praise him about. Thank you, Lord. That's right. Friends, going through deserts are hard, but there's a lot harder. If you start thinking, well, I need something from God. God, I need you to answer me. God, I need you to answer me. And he said, well, what are you going to do? You're going back and you Jesus, wake up. Don't you care that I that I'm perish? He said, "I was, you were fine a minute ago. I'm still here. What you whining about?" It's a three-year-old child saying, "Daddy, I want this. Dad, I want this. I'll get it for you. Dad, I want I'll get it for you, D." Oh my goodness. Let him be free. He doesn't control you. He doesn't control your love. He doesn't force you. He says, "I will give you my love and let you love the way you want." And he said, "I will not be controlled by yours. You don't get to control the Holy Spirit. You don't get to control how he moves. You don't get to control why he preaches. You don't get to control how he manifests healing and deliverance in anything. You don't control him." Because why? Because he's up there. He's soaring up there. He says, "Why don't you just come up here with me? Lord, come on up and fly with me instead of laying down there feeling sorry for yourself because I haven't moved in your life for the last three weeks. I know what I'm doing. I know what I'm doing." I was I was hiking a couple couple years ago. I was in North Dakota and I was walking just by myself down this trail. I I I felt I heard this rumbling thunderlike sound and the ground started shaking a little bit underneath me. And about as far as from here to the back wall right there, the sound system is coming down through this little cut with about a hundred buffalo running. I ain't never seen anything like it. It almost makes you cry. Look at that. The heads were down there just pounding. They ran out there. I stopped. They ran out there. just a big open area and they just went out there and they started having a picnic. Some of them were laying down. Some of them were eating. The young ones were running around button heads and just playing with each other. I just stood there and watched it. Oh wow. How I'd like to keep be able to keep that. How you going to keep it? Put them in a corral. You destroy the very thing that makes it so amazing. You destroyed the very experience because I wasn't expecting it. All of a sudden, there it was. That's how the Holy Spirit is. You're not expecting it. Sometime you're going through your trial and you have this problem and you may you might have been dealing with this thing for years and all of a sudden you hear this sound of him coming running across the mountain skipping across the hills. It's the voice of my beloved. Her it's time. It's time. This is a season for your healing. You have come to a place where you're allowing me to express myself through you. And I have been waiting for this so long. You think you've been waiting for a while. I've been waiting since eternity. Oh, I've been waiting for you. I've been waiting for you to come to cuz I want to express myself through you so bad. Oh, please know what I'm talking about. Surely you've experienced this. If not, don't worry. It's coming over and over and over again if you just let him. That's right. Let me finish up. I'm going to go. You all know this story of the bull charging brother Brandham. All right. Well, we're going to go to that and watch this thought. I'm talking about the freedom. Let the Holy Spirit be free. Brother Brandham's talking about he said, "At first, it scared me when the bull came out. He said, "I looked for a tree. There wasn't any tree. I know he could outrun me to the fence. So I thought, well, this is it. Different place. He said, well, I'm gonna I don't want to die like a coward. I'm gonna die like a man. So then something happened. Oh God, if that would only stay there instead of going away. The prophet himself did not control the spirit. He did not control the expression of that love. We know what it is. That was love expressed through him to that bull and it took away the the violence from that bull. He said, "Oh, if it would just stay that way." You know what would happen if we always lived in that? We would not have a single trial the rest of our life. Because every time Satan comes against you, you'd look right at say, "What a stupid lie. That ain't gonna make me happy. That's misery. Go away." But he knows how to bring it. Yeah, he knows how to bring those temptations. He knows how to bring those vain imaginations, those thoughts. He said, "Oh, if it would only stay there instead of going away." Something happened. I wish God would let it, listen to this, I wish God would let it happen to everybody here tonight just long enough to get healed. In that atmosphere, Yeah. of perfect love, everything can be healed. Everything can be delivered. Everything can be done. But he doesn't do it that way. He doesn't do it that way because it's you and him as an individual. Something happened. I wasn't scared of the bull. I felt sorry because I disturbed him. I was in his field. He was laying out there not bothering me. I come along and woke him up. And so I felt sorry for him. Now you can't bluff it. It has to be there. That's right. You can't bluff Satan. You can't bluff this. You know, when people see something real, like I saying this morning, when they recognize something that's real about you, you can claim to be a Christian all you want, but if it's real, if it's genuine, you're not bluffing it. And that spirit, that atmosphere around you will project itself, and people will recognize it, and they're either going to love you for it or hate you for it. That's right. And then sometime when I'm not walking in the spirit the way I should, when I'm having whatever issues, I'm walking in unbelief or sin or fear, there's no atmosphere like that at all. And I'm just like everybody else. But when it happens, you're talking to someone, the checkout lady at Walmart and you've you just start chatting about something and just in a second you can tell there's just something different there and so can she and you walk away knowing that God just done something. Oh, I wish that was there all the time. But you can't fake it. You can't, well, I'm going to start talking to everybody. See if I can get it to happen. No, you're just being ill foolish as you're led by the spirit. He said, "Now, you can't bluff it. It has to be there." That's the way faith is. You can't bluff it. You got to really have it. The devil will know it. If you got faith, I believe. I believe. I believe. And the devil's saying, "No, you don't." Because faith is not something going on in here. It's something going on right here. Faith is from the heart. Because you can be terrified. That doctor can give you a diagnosis and scares you to death. But inside you say, "Yeah, but I'm not afraid down here." And this is what controls this. I looked at the bull. If anything, I could have cried for him. Why? I thought poor creature. Well, how wrong I am. Now, ordinarily, I wouldn't feel that way about it. Amen. He didn't say, "I walk around as Superman all the time and I feel this way all the time. I'm not afraid of anything." He said, "Ordinarily, I wouldn't feel that way about it." What was it? The wind blew. The Holy Spirit come. And it didn't come from there. It came from here. First, I was looking for the gun. I was glad I didn't have it. I'd have shot him and went and paid for it. But I didn't have the gun. I thought, "Well, poor creature. I'm in your pasture. This is your home. You have you're a brute. You don't know any different. You wouldn't want to kill me anyhow. But I disturbed you. I'm sorry I did that. I didn't mean to disturb you. Talking like I am now. I just couldn't help it. There was something talking in me. It wasn't the prophet saying, "Let me show my faith. Let me show you my love. Let me show you the the the great prophet of God that I am." It was nothing like that. It was just a person like you and the Holy Spirit moved on that situation. The supreme grace in the supreme moment and the Holy Spirit took over. Why? Because he had a surrendered vessel he could take over. That's right. That's the difference. Are you that surrendered vessel that he can take over and speak to somebody? Are you that surrendered vessel he can put on your heart? Get up and pray for someone right now. Pray for them. Are you that person? Hey, you need to call this person. They're going through a hard time and I want to speak to you to give them a word of encouragement. Are you that person to go to the go to your pas like brother Thomas I'm having a problem and I'm coming here to my pastor and I know that God will speak through you to my problem being led by the spirit why because you are a surrendered vessel you have died to that that human love that is protecting yourself oh brother friends if you get up every morning and tell Satan I got nothing to defend I got nothing to protect I got nothing to prove I got nothing for But what if someone says something bad to me? Don't defend yourself. It's all about self. We defend oursel. We protect oursel. I don't want to be hurt anymore. That's where uh uh complexes come from. That's what happened with the prophet. You know why? You know why he developed that complex? He was tired of being hurt. He said, "Those people should have believed me. They should have believed me and they didn't. He built that complex. And here's the most amazing part about that. He was confessing it to the people. And then he said, "And I know I shouldn't feel that way, but I still do." He said, "Pray for me that God will change my mind because I still feel that way." He knew it was wrong, but that complex had got so deep in here, not in here. That complex was so deep in his mind. He said, "I can't just just dismiss it and think different." He said, "I still feel that way. You don't just take a complex and just say, "Well, I'm just going to quit feel feeling that way. I'm just quit believing that way." No, you're not. Because that complex has been there a while. It's so buried in your subconscious that you don't get to control it anymore. That's where fears and doubts and things come from in our mind. He said, "Oh my, it's too bad we ever have to leave that. Just submit." God just took over. Real quick, I'm I'm gonna close here. He said, 'I was just talking as I am now, but there was something another had happened. I wasn't scared of him. I was no more afraid of the bull than I would be of my brother. That's where the church is. You're always scared it's not going to happen. That's the reason it don't happen. When that fear, love casts out fear. When you got love, fear is gone. Amen. But as long as you got fear, love cannot operate. Oh, how do you get that? I want us so bad. I do, too. How do you get there? It's all about dying daily to our own human love. What I want for myself, that's it. It's about defending self. Just let yourself die. Just let it go and say, "God, I ought to have you and nothing else." Amen. Amen. He said, "Then when the bull made his charge to come to me, he come within about 10 ft, stopped through his head, front feet out. He looked so depleted. He just looked this way and that. He turned, went back and laid down. I walked across the field, went out the pasture. He laid there, looked at me. It was love that took the fear away. And God seen me through." And then he says something that just blows my mind. Now, after I got out of the pasture and that left me, then I just shook like a leaf. What kind of humility is that? I would have got up here and say, "Man, you should have seen that. That bull came at me and I just stood there and that bull turned and walked away and I walked out of there. I was just fine." Yeah. That prophet has enough humility to say, "I shook like a leaf. It scared the fire out of me. because he thought he was going to die. But while I was in that presence of him, the fear had left. God refuses to control your love. He says, "You are a free moral agent. You can love me if you want. You can hate me if you want because I'm not going to force you because I don't want to be loved by a bride who's forced to love me. This ain't a forced marriage. I want you to love me because you recognize that I'm a lovable God. And he said, "I won't be controlled by your human love. Be free." You want to be a Christian tonight, you can be a Christian. You want to be born again, you can be born again. You want to have perfect love, you already got it. If you're born again, you already have perfect love. It's just waiting for those opportunities to express itself. And how much we would love if it would express itself more. The prophet himself said, "Oh, I wish it was like this all the time." But it's not. So we can go through our daily struggles, our battles, our trials, and wait for the time and season to hear him come running. Said, "It's time." Isn't he wonderful? Go ahead and stand. Amen. Lord Jesus, we're so grateful, Father, that you would come and show us a little bit of your character, your characteristics, your nature, and then we can see that little by little, we see it being formed in us. We see it expressing itself through us. Father, I don't know anything greater than to see Christ in me, the hope of glory, living itself out and seen into my brothers and sisters. Lord, will you just accept our praise now? We want to worship you a little bit. We want to we want to let you know, Father, just as individuals that we are so thankful for what you have done. We are so thankful what you are doing and will continue to do. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Can we sing that song? I will serve thee because I love you. I will serve thee because I love thee. You have given life to me. [Music] I was nothing before you found [Music] me. You have given life [Music] to to me. whole heartache and broken piecees. Ruin lies are why you die on Calary. Oh is all I long for you have given life to me. God bless you brother and sister. Appreciate the fellowship. Appreciate the pull. You're easy people to preach to and that means a lot to a preacher. So thank you. God bless you. If I don't see you anymore, I will. But if not, I'll see you in the rapture. So, just make sure you're there cuz I'm going to be there, too. Okay. God bless you. [Music] Oh, heartache, broken pieces. [Music] I don't [Music] care. I long for you have given life to me. Oh, something [Music] beautiful, something good. All my frustrations. He unerstood. All I had to offer him was brokenness and strife. But he made [Music] something beautiful of my life. once again if we could tonight. Oh, something beautiful, something good, all my frustrations. He [Music] understood. All I had to offer him was brokenness and strife. But he made something beautiful of my life. Well, Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Oh, Jesus got into my heart. He got into my soul. Well, I used to be oh so sad, but now I'm just free and glad singing Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Aren't you thankful tonight? Oh, I'm singing Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Jesus got into my heart. He got into my soul. Well, I used to be oh so sad. Now I'm just free and glad singing Jesus God and he won't let me go. Well, when I first fell in love with Jesus, well, I gave him all of my heart and I thought I couldn't love him more. But then I did right from the start. Cuz I look back over the mountains and the valleys where I've been. And it makes me know that I love him so much more than I did then. Well, I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Oh, he gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Oh, what a love between my Lord and I. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Well, there's a sand that I hold on to through each valley and each trial. And there's a shoulder that I lean upon as I face another mile. And there's a love that I can depend on. Oh, it's fresh and new each day. and with loving it is overflowing. And this is why I say well I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Oh, he gets sweeter and sweeter as days go by. Oh, what a love between my Lord and I. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Amen. Are you thankful for his love tonight? Amen. God bless you. Remember the service Wednesday night as you go. And I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Oh, it gets sweeter and sweeter as the
