################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-02 - Bro. Joe Adams • 6/1/25 • Sun. Eve. • Power Restored to the Church - You Hath He Quickened - Joe Adams - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-02
Title:   Bro. Joe Adams • 6/1/25 • Sun. Eve. • Power Restored to the Church - You Hath He Quickened
Speaker: Joe Adams
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZOx-tl7SxY
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] you see. [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Welcome back this evening. Welcome back this evening. Amen. There's some thousand yard stairs out there. I know we're all tired, but Amen. and let's just give our all this evening and and you come expecting for part two this evening. Amen. I know we're the Joe's prepared. So, let's give 110% to the Lord this evening and receive something. Amen. Let's sing a shout to the Lord this morning. My Jesus my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath, all that I am, never cease to worship you. Oh, shout to the Lord, all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty, praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the works of your hands. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in [Music] you. Oh my Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. You're my comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. that every breath and all that I am never cease to worship you. Oh, shout to the Lord. All the earth let us sing. Power and majesty, praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy the work of your hands. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Let's stand and sing it one more time. Oh, just shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty, praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the works of your hands. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have. in you. Amen. Have we seen his works? Amen. Let's sing goodness of God in the same key this evening. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. Just lift your hands to him this evening. Oh, and all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. Oh, and all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. Oh, and all my life you have been [Music] faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness. I want to sing that first verse one more time. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hand. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of [Music] God. And all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good. With every bread that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. But all my life you have been faithful. Oh, and all my life you have been [Music] faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am [Music] [Applause] able, oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. Has he been good to you this evening? Amen. Just lift up your praises to him this evening. Amen. Amen. Can we sing Way Maker this evening? Amen. You are here moveing in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. You are here and touching every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are here healing every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here and turning lives around. I worship [Music] you. I worship you. You are here. You're mening every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here and touching every life. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You're meeting every need. I worship you. I worship you. Amen. How many has he met your need today? Amen. We serve a great God this evening. Amen. Sing. I love you, Lord. I lift my voice before we go to prayer this evening. Oh, I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you, oh my soul. [Music] Oh, take joy my king in what you hear. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. I love you, Lord. Oh, I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to [Music] worship you, oh my soul, rejoice, take joy, my And what you hear may be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. Amen. You may be seated this evening, Brother Danny, Brother Michael, John, Brother Paul, if you come the offering. Once again, this evening, we have no written prayer request. Amen. But if you have a need, just let it be known before the Lord with the uplifted hand. And brother Steve, would you pray for us this evening? Amen. Sister Annabelle is a special for us tonight. And as she comes, let's sing. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his [Music] home. Bless the Lord. Oh, bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me. Bless his whole bless his holy name. For he has done great things. Oh yes, for he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Bless his holy name. [Music] [Music] Sometimes I fall to my knees and pray. Come Jesus come. Let day be the day. Sometimes I feel like I'm going to break, but I'm holding on to a hope that won't fade. Come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return to heal every hurt and write every [Music] wrong. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. Deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus, come. There will be no war. There will be no chains when Jesus comes. So let be the day he'll come for the weak and the strong just the same. and all will believe in the power of his name. Come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you'll return to heal every hurt and rot every [Music] wrong. We need you right now. [Music] Come and turn this around. Deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus [Music] come. Come Jesus come. One day he'll come. Want face to face. Come and lay it all down. Cuz I'm on me today. The time is right now. There's no need to wait. Your path will be washed. My rivers of grace. Come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you'll return to heal every hurt, right every [Music] wrong. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. Deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus [Music] [Applause] come. Amen. Thank you sister Annabelle. Appreciate that. Amen. We're going to turn over to brother Brad at this time. Let's just sing. Mercy rewrote my life. Amen. You're thankful that he we serve a God that just turned a new pastry, but he writes the whole book. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this. Will mercy rewrote my life. Mercy. [Music] My soul cast down but mercy rerode my life. Let's just stand as we sing it again. Oh, it was mercy ruled my [Music] life. Mercy ruled my heart. Oh, I should have fallen my soul down, but mercy rerote my aren't you thankful God's in the rewriting business? Certainly been good to be in the house of the Lord today. Looking forward to tonight and what the Lord has in store for us. But we just we want to say that the heavens are rejoicing. You know what that means? The heavens are rejoicing. We've got a baptismal tonight. And so we're very thankful for that. That the Lord moved in a in a special way this morning. And Brother Weston wants to be rebaptized tonight. And and uh we're just thankful for that. thankful that the Lord still goes out and he he he he pricks hearts, you know, and so, you know, Weston was baptized at about 10 years old and and uh and then life happened and life goes on and but today as the word went forth, there was a prick in his heart and it's like brother Joe said, he's you want to know that he knows that he knows that he knows and from as we said Wednesday night, drive a take down and from this day forward, this day forward, we're going to keep marching on. So, God is certainly on the move and he's calling out to his bride. He's making a move. Brother Joe may share more with you, but uh he got a message today from Brother Andrew. Is this okay? Is this okay? From Brother Andrew. 19 people were baptized this morning at their church. The hour's getting late. God is calling his people. God is on the move. as brother Joe comes just to give him a liberty and the time that he needs and we're going to have the baptism. So the brothers after uh after brother Joe's finished if you'll remove the pull pit we'd appreciate it but we'll sing Mercy Rewrote my life as brother Joe comes tonight. Oh mercy rerro my [Music] heart [Music] mercy I should have fall in my soul has been God mercy rule my life. Aren't you thankful for his mercy? Amen. Let's just go to him in prayer. Father, what a great honor and a great privilege we have, Lord, today to to be called the sons of God. Lord, we look out in the world. We see a dying world, a dying generation. Lord, many that are so captivated by Lord who's who and wrongs and indifferences and a woke generation and entitlement society. But Lord, we as your people, we come with our cups lifted up. And we invite you to fill us a fresh and a new God. We thank you for the moving of the spirit, for the pricking of hearts today, Lord, not just here, but around the world, Lord, as your message goes forth. And we just trust, Father, that you'll come by our way once again this evening. speak to us. Break the bread of life, Lord. We'll be sure to grab our peace, Lord, tonight. May you feed us richly with your word. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. If you have your Bibles tonight, we're going to look here and uh look here in Romans 8 and verse 9. Romans 8 and verse 9. And again, we're going to speak to you on power restored to the church. And as a subtitle tonight, we'll call it, you hath he quickened. you had he quickened. So, I'm not sure how long I'm going to hold you this evening. I don't know about you, but I'm tired. Come on, church. I know y'all tired. You better get an amen out of you right now. Amen. Yeah, that food done got to another level, hadn't it? Amen. Amen. So, let's just look here. Says, "But you are not in the flesh, but in the spirit." I want you to write that down somewhere and you go home and put that on your refrigerator or in your bathroom mirror. But ye are not in the flesh, but in the spirit. Sometimes we need to be reminded of that who we really are. Not flesh, not our failures, not our mistakes, but we're in the spirit. If so be that the spirit of God dwell in you. Now, if any man hath not, listen to this next part. If any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of his. So it's paramount. It's important that you know that you know that you know that you know that the spirit of Christ is dwelling on the inside of you because that's a declaration that you belong to him. And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin, but the spirit is life because of righteousness. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by the spirit that dwelleth in you. Let's look over here in Ephesians 2. We'll grab our subtitle tonight from this Ephesians 2 and verse one. And you hath he quickened who were dead in trespasses and sins where in times past you walked according to the course of this world. Brother Glenn, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience, among whom we all have our conversations in time past, and the lust of the flesh. Brother John, this is some of us fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind, and were by nature children of wrath, even as others. But God rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us. Come on now, everybody can put their name right there. But God who is rich in mercy for his great love wherewith he loved Joe Adams. He loved Brad Powell. He loved Jessica Adams. Come on, put your name there. Even when we were dead in sin, hath quickened us together with Christ. By grace you are saved. And he raised us up together, made us sit together in heavenly places or in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. That in the ages to come he might show the exceeding riches of his grace and his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus. For by his grace are you saved through faith and not of yourselves. It is a gift of God, not of works, lest any man should boast. For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God has before ordained that we should walk in them. God bless you. You can have your seats this evening. As brother Brad said, I mentioned to brother Andrew uh of the service this morning that we're going to have a baptism. And he had text me back. He said, "Brother Joe, we baptized 19 today." He said, "The move is on." Now, maybe I've told you last time or a time before, but uh a year ago, I was there at Brother Joe Green's church and preaching on a Sunday. And you know, we had a powerful service come and uh at the end of the service, we had a young girl who'd been to our youth camp. She wanted to give her heart to the Lord and be baptized and take on his name. And you know, with the promise of being filled with the Holy Spirit and she came up for prayer and you know, that evening service, uh the brothers there were preparing her to be baptized. when in between that service, Brother Nate Green's wife, uh, she wanted to be baptized. Sister Caitlyn, now she'd been baptized before, but you know, she just wanted to know that she know that she knew that she knew that she had what it's going to take. Didn't want anything become between her. So, she gets baptized and all of a sudden it started a chain reaction of baptism. We end up baptizing 28 people that night and then four more on Wednesday night following that Sunday service because they were streaming in. They wanted to make sure that their lives were where they needed to be. And I encourage you, we're going to have a baptism this evening after the service. But if you're here, you well, I don't have any clothes. Well, you sit in that parking lot long enough, you'll dry out. But I'm here to tell you, if you know that in some something inside of you right now, don't have that assurance. I don't care if you're 3 years old, four years old, 5 years old, 80 years old. If you're crippled, if you're blind, if you're deaf, if you're dumb, if you don't have that assurance in your heart this evening, you come to that baptism pool and get rebaptized and take on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, have a full genuine repentance. The promise is unto you and to your children, to them that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. That is a promise, Mom. That is a promise, Dad. That is a promised young person. It's a promise to us here this evening. That's not something we lay on the book on the shelf for 1960 and great churches and great men. That's for even us here tonight. That God is still a fulfiller of his word. He's here to quicken hearts. He's here to quicken lives. All that we have to do is just respond to it and know that we know that we know that we know that we know. Don't walk out of this building today and not knowing that you've received the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Let's Oh, let me just stop there. Let me just let me preach. Second, let's go to Colossians 2 and verse 13. And you being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh hath he quickened together with him. Notice I'm taking my time. You going to put that up there? Colossians 2:13. We're going to teach, preach this evening. Come on, church. Say amen. I I'm just as full as you are. Y'all sitting there smiling. At least amen. Notice now. And you being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven you all trespasses. I say, "What about grace and mercy right there?" Blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against you which was contrary to us. And he took it out of the way and he nailed it to the cross. Every thought that you would ever have, every action, every evil deed, every mistake, every failure that you would ever commit, he nailed it to the cross. He blotted out the handwriting and ordinance that were against you. when Satan accused you of being a secret sinner, when he accused you of being, you know, belonging to him and being unrighteous and an unholy, but almighty God stepped in on your behalf and he came in and he erased the devil's question and he erased the accusations against you and he nailed it to the cross and now he's made you sons and daughters of God and you had he quickened that were dead in sins and trespasses. You're no longer dead to to to the spirit of God, but now you're dead to the things of the world. You're dead to the spirit or you're dead to the to the the the desires of the flesh. And God is calling out a people and he's separating a people and he's anointing a people and he's quickening the people for what? He's quickened a bride for a body change. And he's taken your sins and he's nailed them to the cross. And he spoiled principalities and powers. and he made a show of them openly, triumphing, triumphing over them. Notice now 1 Peter 4 and verse one as we build our subject tonight. For so much then as Christ has suffered for us in the flesh, arm yourselves likewise with the same mind. For he that suffered in the flesh has ceased from sin that he no longer should live the rest of his life or his time in the flesh to the lust of men, but to the will of God. Romans 8 and verse 28. And we know that all things work together for the good to them that love God. You know, that's hard to say that when you're in a trial. It's hard to say that when you're dealing with a a terminal illness. All things didn't say all things are are great. It just says all things work together for the good to them that that are called according to his purpose. For whom he did forno, notice that's for knowledge of God. He also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Now see, God has a desire. He's going to be the firstborn of a new race, a God race. Come on, church. the firstborn among many brethren. Moreover, whom he did predestinate them he called and to whom he called. Those he justified, though you've never done it in the first place. And some of us can say, "Glory to God. I'm glad I didn't do it in the first place." He's like, "Brother Joe, where was the first place?" The first place was in the mind of God. God never saw you in that sin. God never saw you with that thought. God never saw you in that action. God saw you perfect. God saw you spotless. God saw you the way that only God can see a man. And that's through the blood of Jesus Christ. Redeemed, quickened by the power of the Holy Spirit. And to those he justified, he also glorified. That means he changes his so earthly pest house and gives you a new body. Oh, ain't that right, brother Steve? That's Somebody can say amen to that. I need a new body. Yes. Amen. I mean, some of us look like melted ice cream cones. We need a new body. I see. I figure I'd get your attention with that one a little bit. Brother Josh like, "Don't you even talk to me about that." I saw a meme on Facebook. You had two skinny people before they got married. After they got married, they were two big people. Like they ate each other. I am just telling you, you're newly married, you better watch it. We got a couple newly marrieds over here be skinny one minute 10 years from now. Well, we just ain't going to say what they'd be. But we find here in Romans 8 and verse 12, therefore, brethren, we are debtors not to the flesh to live after the flesh. For if you live after the flesh, you shall die. But if through the spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, you shall live. For as many are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. For you have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but you have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, "Aba, Father." And the spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit. Notice the spirit itself bears witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. Amen. And if children then hes of God and joint airs with Christ, if so be that we suffer with him that we may also be glorified together. Notice, but the spirit beareth witness with our spirit. It means it's the selfsame spirit. You're not going to have the spirit as brother Brandham would talk about of John Dillinger or some of these other characters out there. you have that spirit then you know if he said if I had the spirit of John John Dillinger you would think I would have you know guns on my side and be a bank robber and this that and the other but if the spirit of Christ is in you then you would do the things of Christ you would have the nature of Christ you would have the love of Christ therefore the spirit of Christ bears witness with the spirit that's within us but in Leviticus 23 and verse9 brother Carson if you'll put that up we're just kind of taking our time to build into this and I'm not going to hold you long this evening, but we look careus 23 and:e 9. And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, when you come into the land which I give unto you, you shall reap the harvest thereof, then you shall bring a sheath of the first fruits of the harvest unto the priest, and he shall wave the sheath before you to be accepted for you on the tomorrow after the Sabbath. The priest shall wave it. Notice and he's talking about a a wave offering or the the first fruits. But remember now Jesus Christ as I just said he was going to be the first born or the first fruits of many brethren. So we find here in the message the rising of the sun. He said the sheep which was the first of the seed that you planted when it comes up and is ripe and you cut it down. This sheep and you take it to the priest and let him take it in and wave it before the Lord for your accept your acception and and that you've been accepted. you. And he goes, you have come now with your sheep and is to wave it before the Lord not on the Sabbath but the seventh day but on the first day which is we call it the Sunday s u n d- a y but he says it's no more s u n anymore. He said it's the s o n d a y the Sunday that the corner wheat God's first one that come up from the dead is to be waved over the congregation that we are his seed and that's the first of the seed of those that slept waved upon the first day of the week on a Sunday he raised up waved goodbye he ascended on high and the presence in in the presence of the people it was the first corn of God's wheat that had ripened raised from the had God's first corner. We by notice now by God's quickening power, God had quickened his life, raised him up from the dead, and he was the first fruits of those that slept, the first fruit. He was that sheath. That's why we had to have a wave sheath for the first one come to maturity. And it was waved as a memorial of thanksgiving to God, believing that the rest of them would come. It's a was a sign. And I'm here to tell you in this hour there's been a wave sheep again. Waved over the congregation, waved over the people that there's more to come. What we saw in the life of William Brandham. What we saw in the ministry of William Brandom wasn't all just that one. But what was he saying? He was waved over the people. He was waved over Africa. He was waved over India. He was waved over the United States. He's been waved around the world as a first fruit that there's more to come to maturity. What William Brandon reached, we're all going to reach to that same level of maturity of the word. Do you believe that church? He said he was the first son of God to come to full maturity to being God. He's speaking of Christ here. He was one plucked up from the earth and waved over the people by the quickening power. the first one. Now listen to what he says that he was waved over the promised seed that had promise of life. He was waved over the promised seed that had promise of life. Remember as I said this morning, he's only going to quicken those that he redeemed. And he only redeems those that he quickens. predestination, church. You have been predestinated to quickening power. And now that seed, that word has been waved over that predestinated seed. You wonder why there's people in our families that can't see it. people in our families that they just, you know, good people, maybe good Christians, but they they can't see the reality or the revelation of this message and what God is doing cuz it's only for those predestinated. It's only for that seed that laid there. But notice in the end time, he would bring forth a word again and wave it over the people. Wave. And that's what he's doing in this hour, church. As we just heard, 19 being baptized there at brother Ron's church. Well, it's a waving of the way sheep again. The word going forth again. Why? To catch that elected seed to collect to collect that that predestinated seed to germinate it and bring it to life. It's waved over the promised seed of God. The first time the sun su n rose in Genesis, it was the bringing of a message that there would be life upon the earth, mortal life. But this time when the su n rose, there was a dual sun rising. Another s o n rising. It was not only an su n rising, it was an s o n had to risen and bring eternal life to all God's promise. See that by that by fornowledge he had seen laying upon the earth. No more could it be the botney life just live back there at the beginning without the su to bring it to life. No more than today when sons of God is upon the earth. It takes the sen life to bring them to eternal life. His chosen ones that he knew before the foundation of the world that he had chosen them in himself before the foundation of the world. And if you're here this morning and you got the slightest desire to serve God, that goes to show you that you never belong to the enemy, that you are that predestinated CG of God. And no matter what you're going through, no matter what you face, no matter the heartache, no matter the sickness, no matter the trial, that there's nothing can destroy God's purpose for your life. Why? Because God is going to wave over that seed. God is going to quicken that seed and bring that seed to manifestation. It may sit dormant, Brother Brad. It may sit through a lot of rain. It may sit through a lot of heat. It may sit there in that field. But at the right time, at the right season, oh, that son of God can go a long time. That daughter of God can go a long time. That mama can go a long time. But at the right time, in the right season, then the right word, the right preacher, the right ministry come waving over that seed. and she can't help but to germmitize because it's God's word being waved over the seed that's promised to eternal life promised to eternal life. Oh my, what a confident it gives us as parents. What a confidence it gives us as believers to know there's a seed there and there's a word there and there's a message going forth and it's already been waved. We've already seen those that come to full maturity. And if that lays in our heart and we can see that that's full maturity and we're seed and we're in that same that same field then knowing that we may not be that full mature bride yet but knowing we're on our road there to knowing that in the presence of the sen son in the presence of the right atmosphere with the right worship and the right singing and the right praise and the right rejoicing and and us giving forth praise to God in the right atmosphere that seed begins to get closer and closer and further up the road in full maturity finally sets in. It's a declaration that we're not going to be just germatized seed and lay in the ground, but that little seed like that little lily is going to come up through the monk. She's going to come up and begin to rejoice and praise her God. Why? Because that seed oh it may sit there in the field of tears. She rejoices over the word. Think about this. If the tears and the and the wheat are in the same field and it's hot and it's a drought and the rain comes and the tears wave their hands, they rejoice. You telling me that the predestinated anointed elected wheat seed of God can't rejoice when the tears of the devil in the field, they don't even belong in the field, but they're in the field anyway. They can throw their hands up and rejoice. They can sing and they can shout and they can praise and they can run and we sit like a bunch of bump on the log. Bunch of dead people that don't have no experience. And I'm not calling you dead church this morning, but I'm just saying this that in around this message race, we let the Pentecostals, we let the apostolic, we let the charismatic out worship us when we're the full seed of God and we're moving at the full maturity of the word and we can't rejoice and we can't praise and we can't shout and we can't worship God. If they can rejoice over the rain that they get, what about the rain that we get? What about the waving of the word over that predestinated anointed seed? It's the sen rising. Hey, I thank God for the su. We've had so much rain in in Louisiana. I saw Noah last week, passed his boat right by my house said, "Hold on a little bit longer there. The sun is rising. It's the rising of the sun. See the su n rising then, but nay and now it was the s o n had risen to bring eternal life to all of God's promised seed that by fornowledge he had seen laying upon the earth. Why can't you not believe the message? Because you're predestinated to see it. You can't. And when you see it, brother Devin, you won't see nothing else but this message. You'll never go back to the Menite lifestyle, the Amish lifestyle, or whatever lifestyle, the Baptist, the Methodist, whatever you want to call it. When you see it, you can never unsee it. It's all that you see. Oh, it's a glorious thing when you see it. Amen. When that seed is quickened, that word's waved over it. Oh, you may have been a sinner. You may have done things. You may have looked at things. You may have thought things. But I'm going to tell you, when that seed is quickened by the power of God, all those things that you used to see, used to do, used to think begins to fall away. And then there's a a new nature on the inside. There's a new desire on the inside. He said, "I'll put my spirit within that spirit." What am I talking about? I'm talking about what we find in Deuteronomy. God talking about giving you a new heart and a new spirit and coming and placing his spirit right down inside of there so that you can be a genuine full mature word bride. There you go. Come on. Do we got any more witnesses in here? Any more witness? Have we become so so common to the messes? No, sir. Don't ever allow yourself to get complacent. recognize God had bring you through the drags of humanity and God has lifted you into a place when he's quickened that seed. You're the elected of God, the anointed of God, and the quickened of God. You hath he quickened. Ephesians 1 and:3 says, "Blessed be the God and father, father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who had blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places, according as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy without blame before him in love." He said, "Before there was a world, you were in God's thoughts." Amen. But listen to how he phrases this. Before there was a world, you were in God's stance to give you the Holy Ghost. You was in God's stalks to give you not just to be here, not just to exist, not just to live, but it was in you in God's stalks to give you the Holy Ghost because notice what he says now. Because he knew that you'd be wanting it. He knew that some of you would be wanting the Holy Ghost. And so he predestinated by fornowledge knew that you'd be wanting that Holy Ghost. Therefore, he lay it on a man's heart to preach a certain way in a certain message at a certain time in a certain season to quicken that seed so that that seed can germatize and come to life. See, he chose you in himself because you desired. He chose you in Christ before you or Jesus or any of it was on earth. He chose you in Christ. And we find here in John 15:16, he says, "You have not chosen me, but I have chosen you and ordained you that you should go and bring forth fruit and that your fruit should remain and that whatsoever you shall ask the father in my name, he will give it to you." And we find here in Jehovah Gyra, brother Ram says, "You have not chosen me, but I have chose you. So, you're chosen chosen at all." Somebody needs to say, "Hey, amen." He just come to redeem that name. And all whose names are not on the lamb's book of life before the foundation world is the only ones that's going to be there anyhow. See, you were chosen in him before the foundation of the world. When the lamb was chosen, then you were chosen with him before the foundation of the world. He goes, "Oh, isn't that wonderful? He loved you. He loved you before there was a world. He knowed your nature. He knowed your weakness. He knowed your habits. He knowed all about you, what you was going to be, Gideon." And then when he looked over all the great universe as it was, he said, "I choose you." Church, think about that again. Don't let that just go over your head. He loved you before there was a world. He knows your nature. Some of you are passionate. Some of you are fiery. Some of you are meek. Some of you are deeer. Some of you are this. Some of us are that. And it takes all of that to make a nice bouquet, right? A nice flower arrangement. He knows your weaknesses. Come on, church. He knows your habits. Man, my habits. Yeah. He knows your habits. Listen. He knowed all about you, what you was going to be. And when he looked over all the great universe, Brother Devin, he said, "I choose you. I choose you from the Menite. I choose you from the Amish. I choose you from the Baptist. I'll choose you from the Methodist. I'll choose you from Pentecost. I chose you. I chose you from the bar. I chose you from the streets. I chose you from sin. I put my stamp of approval on you and I quickened you. You didn't choose me, but I chose you before the foundation of the world. And ain't no devil, can't no sick unchoose you, church. Let me tell you, God ain't fickle like we are. When I was a kid, I was fat, dumpy. Why y'all laughing? That hurt my feelings, Brother Glenn. Goody goody for you. Well, I wasn't. I was a little dumpy, short, fat kid. had a little rolls here. I look like the Pillsbury Doughboy. You know how he does that. He punchs me in the belly. About that tall, about that wide. You know, God don't choose the way we choose. We used to play kickball, believe it or not. That was a thing back in my day. Guess who got chose last? Hey, this is my sermon. Stay out of it. My goodness. I appreciate your participation. Only speak when you're called upon. No, I'm kidding. But I was a little short fat kid. They didn't choose short fat people first. Cuz in kickball, you got to run. You got to be able to at least make it to 60 feet, right? Or something like that. 90 ft. No. I got chose last. Cuz we know our humanity. What do we do? We chose. We choose based on size. based on muscle, based on appearance, based on physique, based on skill, based on intellect, based on gift. We choose based on fickle things. But God doesn't choose that way. God looked at your weaknesses. God looked at your habits. God looked at your failures. God looked at your mistakes. And yet God still says, "I choose you in this hour." When he looked around all the world and he could have chose anybody, he could have elected anybody. God said, "I choose you. I choose you to be a believer. I choose you to receive the Pentecostal spirit. I choose you to be born again. I choose you to be quickened by the power of God. God chose us for this. That's why you're here today. Because God chose you for the message. God chose you to be a believer. And when God chooses you, church, he can never unchoose you. There was times I got picked first. Oh, made a mistake. Get back to the end of the line, little fatty. But God don't work that way. God don't unchoose you. Come on, somebody. God don't unchoose what he's chosen. God don't unquicken what he's quickened. God don't unanoint what he's anointed. Oh, hallelujah, somebody. Come on. Notice John 1 John 5 and verse 10. He that believeth on the son of God hath the witness in himself. He that believeth not God hath had made him a liar because he believeth not the record that God gave his son. And this is the record that God has given us to eternal life. And this life is in his son. He that hath the son hath life. Notice, he that hath the son, the life, the quickening power, hath life. He that hath not the son hath not life. He's only going to rapture those that have life. Have life. Not a form, not an idea, not an intellect, not a dress code or a bunch of rules of dos and don'ts. This is what we do to measure up. But he that hath the son hath life. He that hath not the son hath not life. And it would go on to say in the church age, this is the record God had given to us, eternal life. And this life is in the son. And he that hath the son hath life eternal. He that hath not the son hath not life eternal. And those who have that life were in him before the foundation of the world. They were chosen in him before the foundation of the world. The great royal seed Jesus Christ was planted. He died and that life that was in him came up through the wheat plant and is reproducing itself in multitudes of wheat seeds having the same life in them and being like the original because by the spirit they are original. So let me ask you, when's the last time that you've been accused of being Pentecostal? Silence falls over the church. Come on. You mean to tell me ain't none of y'all been accused of being drunk? Ain't been accused of being Pentecostal? But listen what he says. Because by the spirit they are original. Well, when did the original seed get planted? When did original tree get planted? On the day of Pentecost. And what they were, we are. Don't be ashamed of your Pentecostal roots, church. I'm not saying you just jump up and shout and popcorn dance and all that, but I'm just saying don't be ashamed of where you come from. He says, "Now we can see why the redeemed bought back by the original owner bride, the redeemed bride. She was in him as Eve was in Adam cannot ever have their member names taken off the record. She is part of him. She is in the throne. She can never be judged. Everyone in the bride is a member of him and he loses none. Hallelujah. Revelations 3 and verse 5, the Bible says, "He that overcomemeth, the same shall be clothed in white raignment. I will not blot out his name out of the book of life, but I will confess his name before the father and before his angels." Revelations 13 and verse 8. And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him whose names, notice now, who names are not written in the book of life of the lamb slain before the foundation of the world. Revelations 20 verse1 15. And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire. I'm not trying to scare you. I'm just trying to show you the reality of where we are. You can't just be playing church. You can't just be going through the motions. You can't just say, "Well, I believe God sent a prophet and Brother Joe's my favorite preacher." There you go. I got a laugh out of you that way. It's not based on those things. You have to know that you hath he quickened. Once your desires were to the world, once your desires were to look at things on the internet, go to some of them dirty sites and some of this and some of that. But now your desires are turned heavenly. Now the things that you used to do, maybe gambling, maybe this, maybe that, maybe that, now God has taken that out of your heart. Now he's turned your heart heavenly. He's turned your mind, your heart back to the faith of the fathers. Notice he says here, this is in the mark of the beast. If he isn't infinite, then he isn't God. But if he is infinite, he knowed all things from the beginning. And so therefore, he could elect, not because he wanted to, but because of fornowledge, let him know who would and who would not be. And that's the reason the entire church, every person that'll ever be in the rapture. Their names were put on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world says the Bible. But before he can rapture a church, he has to come first to redeem the elect. And before he can redeem the elect, he has to quicken the seed. So after this bride, this seed comes to full maturity, then he will come and rapture her and she'll ever be with him at his side. See, the church was planted on the day of Pentecost. That was an infant church. He's not coming for an infant church. He's coming for a mature bride, mature, fully matured on the word in the word. And he says the new birth is Christ is a revelation. God has revealed to you this great mystery. Notice here and that's a new birth. Now, what are you going to do when you get all that grouped together where the revelation is perfectly in harmony and God is expressing it through the word by the same actions, the same things that he did making the word manifest. If the church only knew its position, listen, if the church only knew its position, it will one day, then the rapture will go when it knows what it is. Amen. So, you got to turn your mind heavenly. Quit giving into fear. Quit giving into depression. Quit giving into anxiety. Quit giving into your failures. Quit giving into your mistakes. And give yourself to the word. Because it's the word that quickens the seed. Realize where you came from. Realize where you're going. Amen. And if you have a question, well, I don't know. I don't know. I need the assurance. God is here. He's a dissolver of doubts. You don't have to have questions in your experience whether you have the Holy Ghost or not. You can absolutely know beyond a shadow of a doubt that you know that you know that you know that you know that you got it. I was telling a brother earlier when I came to the Lord, I had a bad habit. We we're not going to go into that right now, but I had a habit. It wasn't a good habit. was a bad habit and a habit kept me bound and kept me defeated. And you know, I knew it would take something greater than me to overcome this thing. I can lay it down, but I'd go back and pick it up, lay it down, go back and pick it up, lay it down, and go back and pick it up. But I got desperate before God, and I began to fast. And I went on a 30-day fast. I wanted to know that I knew that I knew that I knew. I wanted not only to be a good husband to my wife. I wanted to be a good father to my children. I wanted to be a good a good church member. I didn't want I didn't want to have any mistakes. I didn't want to have a failed marriage. I didn't want to have a, you know, be a pathetic father who couldn't provide for his family. But I needed to know beyond the shadow of a doubt that I had what it takes to be a real son of God. And I went on this fast for 30 days. And on the 28th day, I was out strolling Lauren around. She was a little six, seven, eightmon baby at the time. And we were strolling. And I was just talking to God, just reminiscing and talking to him. Lord, I just really need to know this. I looked at this example and I saw failure. And I saw that failure. And I saw that failure and the Lord came and said, "Look at your life. Look at your desires. I have given you the Holy Ghost. The things that you used to do, you don't do them anymore. The desires that you used to have, you no longer have that desire. I've taken that from you. And I've given you the Holy Ghost. And can I tell you, church, I've never went back. I never looked back. I never gone back to that lifestyle, back to that trash pin." No. Why? Because quickening power came. quickening power of the Holy Ghost is sure is sure for you today. You don't have to question. You don't have to struggle with it. You can know beyond the shadow of a doubt that God is still the same. And he's quickening seeds of God. He said if the church only knew its position, it will one of these days. Then the rapture will go. Church, some of you he's waiting on Some of you, he's waiting for you to recognize that your bride. Satan has lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied. But he's waiting on you to recognize I always was bride. I never belonged to the devil. Oh, he may have put you in the pawn shop. He may have put you in the prison. He may have put you in jail. But I'm here to tell you the price has been paid. The price has been paid, church. He was waved at the day of Pentecost. He says when there came a sound from heaven like waving of a mighty rushing wind, it was waved over the people, the Pentecostal people that was up there at Pentecost waiting for the blessings to come and to be waved again. And we realize at the last day according to Luke 17:30 in the Sunday sen day again in the day that the sen man will be revealed a waving again. Notice hallelujah church. Why did God send a message to waving again over the people that you never was out there in sin? You never belong to the devil but he's waving against you always was predestinated dermatized seed of God. You never was that but you was always mine. It's my field. It's my seed and it's my word quickening that seed to life. It was God the whole time and he waved the message, a great message of grace over your life. What was it declaring? There were all going to be little William Brandoms. Uhuh. That we're all going to mature in the revelation of William Brandom. Not of William Brandon but of Jesus Christ. Notice when did the evening time sacrifice? When was the token offered? In the evening time. So the token could only come in the evening time. And the prophet would say it's the evening time of my ministry. Oh, we had justification, Luther's message. We had sanctification, Wesley's message. We had the restoration of the gifts through Pentecost. But what about the quickening power, the token could only come into existence at the evening time? Oh church, it took those seven seals. He said it took quickening power to open those seven seals to us. What did your prophet say? If he hadn't come, I'd have made a horrible mistake. if he hadn't come. I'm just I'm reading the seals right now and everyone I go through he says and he showed up again or he came again and you know I was looking leaning this way but if he hadn't come see it's the quickening power because that word has to wave over the people so that that life can come in this life because it ain't the life of the church. It's not the life of a pastor. It's not the life of a movement. It's not the life of a denomination that's going to rapture you. But it's that life. that life. And if that life is living in this life, then you're sons and daughters of God. All right, let's bring this down. Start bringing this down to a close. I'm not closing. I'm saying I'm bringing it down. Boy, y'all a tough crowd this morning, this evening. He said the Christ was the first one to raise from all the prophets and so forth. Although typed in many places, he was the first fruits of those that slept in the bride coming of Christ coming out of the church. There they'll have a to be a sheath waved again for the last days. The waving of a sheath. What was a sheath? Their first one to come to maturity. Their first one that proved that it was wheat proved that it was sheath. He said, "In the first time there there that will come forth for the bride age, a resurrection out of dark denominationalism will be a message that will notice that the full maturity of the word has turned back again in its full power and being waved over to people by the same signs, the same wonders that it had back there. And today people look, we are the people that have come to full maturity of the word." I don't think you heard that. We are Come on, get your little handkerchief out and wave it right now. We are the people that have come to full maturity of the word. There's not another messenger coming. There's not another prophet coming. There's not another people coming. We are the people. We are the finality. We are the final voice to the final age. And the people under that messenger will be the final voice, the final power, the full revelation of all that the word declare according to a messenger. according to a bride. You are the fulfillment of it, church. And that seed has to be quickened. And I will say it like this, and you had he quickened. The Bible would tell us in Romans 8:19, "For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of sons of God. For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who who has subjected the same in hope. Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption in the glorious liberty of the children of God. For we know that the whole creation groanth and travaleth in pain together until now. And not only they, but we ourselves. How many you woke up this morning with an ache or a pain? groaning, ain't you? Come on. I can do y'all. Yeah, I'm groaning. Woke up back. I about fell over. Groaning for what? For a change. For a body change. Growning for what? For the manifestation of the sons of God. And can I tell you this? He's been waiting for you to come. He has been waiting for you to come to maturity to recognize your position in the body. He's been longing for a wife. Now, some of you here, maybe you're longing for a husband. Maybe you're longing for a wife. Don't raise your hand at once. When I told my I told people when I got married, I was predestinated for marriage. Single life was boring. Cook your own food, clean your own clothes, wash your own house. I mean, all that junk. Forget all that. Now, she's not my She is my wife, and she does do my clothes and all that, but ain't why I married her. Let me make sure that's right now. Yeah, she married me for my looks. But I lost him. She's stuck now. Brother Glenn, poor thing. Pray for her. You didn't have to agree so emphatically there. But we find the whole world is waiting for the manifestation of sons. He's longing for a wife. That's bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh, power of his power. Not one foot in the church and one out in the world. Not one in that's so steeped in, you know, a denominational background. They can't come subject to the word of God, but one that's been quickened by the word. So, we kind of come down here and brother Bam talked about, he said here in the message, this rising in the sun, we're going to come back. If we're going to go back to Tucson and we're going to get two two Cadillacs and he began to explain this and he said and all the seats, now let's look at this Cadillac for a minute. Both of them are identical Cadillacs. The seats were made out of doough skin, the softest of leather, soft and easy to sit in. And the floorboards were plush. And the steering wheel was nickelplated and had diamond studs all over it. And the engine was mechanically tested to be exactly the right engine. And the wheels, you know, the bearings all greased up. The tires were puncture proof and blowout free. All been scientifically tested. He goes, they pushed them off the assembly line. Both of them, both of them filled up with gasoline. That's the running power of the gasoline because it's in the octane. He says, "Now when when you're going to start them, although both of them look just alike, but there is one of them that don't have any spark, any firing power." You say, "The power is in the gasoline, brother B. I don't care how much power is in the gasoline." Unless there's a spark there to manifest that power, there's a there's a power there to confirm that it's gasoline. If it ju, he said, "It just might as well be water." If not, no matter how much theologians claim, how well you got your church set, how much education you got, how much like the Bible, until that way sheet until the Holy Spirit comes upon that person to quicken the word, the gasoline represents the word is the truth. But without the spirit, it won't move. He goes, we have to we put too much stress on the mechanics and nothing on the dynamics. It needs the dynamic power of God. the resurrection power of Jesus Christ upon the church to manifest to bring it to pass that it is gasoline. It might as well he says it might be gasoline in a can. It could be still be water but only proof is does it have life in it? And God's promise he's going to have a bride. But how do you know she's bride? Because she's got life in it. Amen. Amen. Her life measures up to his life. Cuz they can be two cars, two churches, sitting right here in the service right now, look just the same, long hair, you know, nice morally dressed, going through the motions. One has fire, one doesn't have fire. One has spark, the other one doesn't have spark. But notice, he's coming for an elect. He said, "It won't move until the dynamics come." I'm not trying to put focus on the dynamics to say that's all we got to have in a church. But we have the mechanics. We're preaching the unfailing word of God. We're preaching the message of the hour. The same message that Paul preaches being preached to you here from behind this pulpit day in and week in and week out. We're not preaching somebody else's uh doctrine, somebody else's message. We're preaching Paul's message. But Paul's message must come in manifestation of the people. There's got to be a people that live up and mature to that same level of experience that Paul had, that William Brandham had, and that many of our great ministers around the world. They're measuring up. And God is calling us to rise up to that same calling, that same anointing, that same quickening power. The predestinated one of course he says like the seed laid upon the earth and one that was laid in them. Many of them were dead. They were just rotten seed waters and things burn them out. He said but the seed was laying there. The predestinated ones are the first to be quickened by the Holy Spirit. Notice and he goes on to say this. He said there was a rock there and the rock will say well it's too hot. The dirt there the dirt will say it's too hot. But the seed that original seed the original seed would say this is exactly what I'm looking for. It takes that sun. It takes that heat. It takes that kind of service to quicken the seed. The sun was never sent to quicken the rock. It was never sent to quicken the dirt. It was only sent to quicken the seed. And that's why some people get up and walk out and walk out on the message cuz they never were seed. But that genuine seed of God, it will be quickened by the word of God. And I'm about to bring this to a close. Listen what he says here. This is in the Smyrna church age. As the eternal logos, God was manifest in the son. And in Jesus dwelt all the fullness of the godhead bodily, and that eternal one was the father manifest in the flesh, and thereby gain heed a title of son. Even so we eternal in the thoughts in our term became the many membered spoken word seed manifest in the flesh and those eternal thoughts now manifest in the flesh are the sons of God even as we are so called or even as we are so-called we did not become seed by the rebirth we were seed therefore we can re be reborn for only the elect can be reborn because we First seed is a reason we could be quickened. In nonseed, there's nothing to quicken. In non seed, there's nothing to quicken. Musicians, if you would come, I'm going to bring this down right here with this. Galatians 4 and verse one. Galatians 4 and verse one. Now I say that an heir as long as he is a child differ from a servant. though he be lord of all but is under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father. Even so we when we were children we were in bondage under the elements of the world. But when the fullness of time had come forth his son made of a woman made under the law to redeem them that were under the law that we might receive the adoption of sons. And because you are sons, God has sent forth the spirit of his son into your hearts crying aba father. Wherefore thou art no more a servant. Get this in your head today church. Let's matter of fact get it in your heart. Wherefore thou art no more a servant but a son. And if a son than an heir of God through Christ. But we look back here in verse five. And this is where I want to bring this and close out right here with this. Come to redeem them that were under the law that we might receive the adoption of sons. Now, in our present day adoption of sons, we understand that's the placing of sons, right? Did y'all go to sleep on me? It's the placing of sons. But in our modern times, do you know that a parent, as a parent, you can disown your son or you can disown your child? Some of y'all be like, man, if I have known that, I' done that a long time ago. But as a parent, you can disown a child. Disownment is a term used when a parent renounces or no longer accepts a child as part of the family. This can happen due to various reasons, including perceived negative actions or significant emotional distress. It's important to note that disownment is a social and interpersonal act distinct from abandoning a child or giving them up for adoption. and can and notice and can have s severe emotional consequences for the child. As a parent, you can disown your child. And this is where I want to bring this home. But as an adopted child, see, while the term disown is often used informally to describe severing ties with a child legally, you cannot disown an adopted child. Did y'all just hang up on me? I said, "You cannot disown an adopted child. You may disown your own, but you can't disown an adopted child." Why is that? Because the adopted child is he may be in the same way as a a regular child. The adoption creates a permanent legal parent child relationship. And once finalized, adoption grants adopted parents the same legal rights and responsibilities by as a biological parent and his relationship is intended to be permanent. You can't unadopt a child. There's no legal process to simply undo an adoption once it's been legally finalized. And what am I telling you? That God came in this hour. God came in this day. God sent a message to call you to adopt you as sons of God. And if God's ever adopt you, he went through the legal procession, hung on Calvar's cross. He can never unadopt you, church. You always was a son adopted as sons of God and joint hes with Christ. Quickened by the Holy Ghost, quickened by the power of God. Don't you worry, you're no longer service. You're sons of God. Beloved, behold, now we're the sons of God. Don't put it off till tomorrow. Don't put it off to the next service. right now in this service. We are the sons of God. We are the daughters of God. Recognize who you are. Recognize your position in the body. Recognize where you come from. Recognize where you're going. You don't belong to the devil. You belong to God. We're no longer servants. We're no longer slaves. We're no longer scavengers to the worldly things. We're adopted sons. And we can't be [Music] unadopted. Woo. Hallelujah. He chose you in him before the foundation of the world. And he's not going to unchoose you. Chosen in him, predestinated in him, quickened in him, for him, by him, the three-fold purpose of God, so that he can take a bride, have so much preeminence in that bride, and restore her back to a needing condition. Mama, that's me. That's where I'm going. I don't belong to this world. I don't belong to this pest house. One day I'm going to drop this old rags of humanity and I'm going to step into a new body. I'm going to step into a glorified body. Why? Because God had already seen me in that body. And he would tell Job, Job, where were you before the sons of God shouted. He saw Job on the other side rejoicing. What does he see in Evenite Tabernacle? He sees you rejoicing over the enemy. He sees you shouting over the sins of the world. He sees you as he's already saw you in heaven in eternity. Quickened sons and daughters of God. Quickened by the Holy Ghost, quickened by power, elected, predestinated, anointed, segene of God, rising above sin, rising above self, rising above fallen humanity and serving the living God. God bless you, [Music] church. Hallelujah. I'm a child of the king and his royal blood now flows through my veins and I who was wreted and found now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. And once I was clothed in the wrath of my sin, wretched and poor, lost and lonely within, but with wonderous compassion, the King of all kings in pity and great love. He took me under his wings. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king and his royal blood now flows through my veins. And I who was wretched and vile now can sing. Oh, praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the King. And now I'm a child with a heavenly home. My holy father has made in me his own. And I'm cleansed by his blood. And I'm clothed in his love. And someday I'm going to sing with all the angels above. Oh yes. Oh yes, I'm a child of the king. And his royal blood now flows through my veins and I who was wretched and vile now can see. Oh, praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. He wasn't looking at me. He wasn't looking at me when he took me in. He wasn't looking at my heart that was black by sin. Oh, he was looking at the blood and flowing rich and [Music] free, that precious [Music] blood that covers me. Oh, he wasn't looking at me when he took me in. He wasn't looking at my heart that was black by sin. He was looking at the blood flowing rich in green. That precious blood that covers me. [Music] Praise the Lord. If you could bring that scripture up, Carson, we appreciate it. Book of Acts, chapter 2. You know, they had come to Peter in the after the day of Pentecost, they come to Peter and they said, "What what shall we do? What shall we do?" And he said, 'Now when they had heard this, they were pricricked in their hearts and said unto Peter and the rest of the apostles, men and brethren, what shall we do? Then Peter said unto them, repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins. Now watch the promise. And ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. It wasn't you might or you may. There's a possibility, but it said you shall. For the promise is unto you and to your children, and to all that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. And with other words did he testify and exhort, saying, "Save yourselves from this untoward generation." And when they had gladly received the word, were baptized, and the same day they were added unto them about 3,000 souls. So, we're certainly thankful to be here today and and that Wesson has come forth and and just wanted to reaffirm and set set in stone exactly from this day forward, we're moving forward. And after we baptize him, if there's anybody else, there's still room in the water. Brother Joe, if you'll pray. Father, we just come to you today, Lord. You see our brother Weston, Father, his heart's been pricricked by the word. He's wanting the absolute assurance, Lord, in this hour, Lord, that he's a candidate for the Holy Spirit. And Lord, as we had talked earlier today, Lord, and we know that it takes a genuine repentance, Father, he has come with a heart that has repented, Lord, of all the wrongs that he's ever done, Lord, with the desire receiving the baptism of the Holy Spirit. So, Lord, Brother Brad and I are going to baptize him into water and Lord, to bring him up, Lord God, but it's going to take you to baptize him with the Holy Spirit and fire. So Lord, as we would baptize our brother today, Lord, we just ask that you would just baptize them where man can't. Lord, you'll just prick his heart even to a greater understanding of the truth, Lord God, and quicken him to eternal life. Father, we commit him to you today, Lord, for your honor, for your glory as a trophy, Lord God. Snatch from the fire, Lord God. Satan may have thought he had his claim on him, but Lord, he's always belonged to you, and now he's coming under submission to that word and say, Lord, make me a real son of God. Make me a real husband, a real father, a real son, a real believer. Lord, I pray you'd grant that today, Father, and fill him with the Holy Spirit. We ask in Jesus' name. Amen. [Applause] [Music] [Music] caring not my Lord was crucified knowing not it was for me he died On [Music] Calary of Mercy there was great and grace was free and hard there was multiplied to me. There my burdened soul found liberty at Calary. And by God's word at last my sin I learned. Then I trembled at the law I swear. Till my guilty soul in glory turned to [Applause] [Music] calary. Mercy there was great and grace was free and his part there was blood to me. There my burdened souls down there at [Music] Calary. And now I came with you Jesus set free. And now I gladly only as my king. down my wra of [Music] Calary. Mercy there was great and was and there was blood to me. There my burned soul found liberty at [Music] Calary and know the love that your salvation plan and know the grace that brought it down to man. The mighty ghost that God dispel at [Music] Calary. Mercy there was great heart. There was blood to me. Bear my burden soul found liberty at Calary. Oh, and mercy there was great and grace was free. Hearten there was multiply to me. There my burden soul found liberty at [Music] Calary. Amen. Take this whole world. Give me [Music] Jesus. Take this whole world but give me Jesus. Take this whole world, but give me Jesus. Take this whole world, but give me Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. No turning back. No turning back. Oh, take this whole world, but give me Jesus. Oh, take this whole world, but give me Jesus. Take this whole world, but give me Jesus. I won't turn back. I won't turn back. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time and through the darkest night. His light still shines. God is good. Oh, he's still good all the time. If you're walking through the valley and the shadows all around, do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. He has promised to never leave you nor forsake you and his word is true. God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Oh, all the time. And through the darkest night, his light still shines. God is good. Oh, he's so good all the time. And we were sinners, so unworthy. till for us he chose to die. Filled us with the Holy Spirit. Let us stand and testify that his love is everlasting and his mercies they will never end. God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. And through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, he's so good all the time. Amen. and give the Lord a hand of praise this evening. Amen. Amen. We're thankful to see him move in our midst. Amen. It's been good to be here today. Amen. Well, let's Amen. Just thank the Lord one more time. Just give him one more hand clap of praise. Let's thank him for what he's done in our midst today. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. As we're going to be dismissed this evening, let's sing soon and very soon. We're going to see the king. [Music]
