################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-23 - Pastor Thomas Byler • Wed. • 102225 • Changed - Thomas Byler.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-23
Title:   Pastor Thomas Byler • Wed. • 10/22/25 • Changed
Speaker: Thomas Byler
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQa4vWAub7A
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] D. Heat. Heat. Happy. Do you [Music] Oh. Oh, heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Blue Doo. Ooh. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Hey. [Music] Hey. [Music] Wonder. [Music] Happy birthday. [Music] Oh, [Music] Amen. Welcome everybody this evening to the house of the Lord. Man, it's good to be here. Amen. Brother John Wade, would you stand and open the service and we'll pray for us this evening. Amen. Amen. Just a couple announcements before we sing this evening. Um, Sister Grace gave some announcements. There would be signups for the cornhole tournament and the volleyball tournament at the back. Sign up to help create teams early, please. Also, signups for food are linked on the Facebook page or get with Grace, Joyce or Natalie. Amen. We all get that. Amen. Let's sing. Thy loving kindness is better than life this evening. Thy loving kindness is better than life. Thy loving kindness is better than life. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. [Music] I will lift up my hands in thy name. For thy loving kindness is better than life. [Music] My loving kindness. Oh, is better than a lie. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. I lift my hands Lord unto thy name. Oh I lift my hands Lord unto thy name shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. Amen. Let's stand this evening. Listen to Master of the Wind tonight. [Music] My boat of life sails on a troubled sea. Ever there's a wind in my s [Music] But I have a friend who watches over me when the breeze turns into a gale. [Music] I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain and he can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. [Applause] I know the master of the wind. Sometimes I soar like an eagle in the sky. Among the peaks my soul can be found. But an unexpected storm may drive me from the heights. It may bring me low, but it can never bring me down. For I know the master of the wind. I know the maker [Music] of the rain. And he can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. [Music] I know the master of the wind. Sometimes I soar. Sometimes I soar like an eagle in the sky. Among the peaks my soul can be found. Oh, but an unexpected storm. It may drive me from the heights. It may bring me low, but it'll never bring me down. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker [Music] of the rain. And he can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. He can calm the storm. Oh, and he can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Amen. As he calmed the storm in your life. Amen. He always shows up on time. Let's sing. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you all [Music] give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. [Music] [Applause] I bless your name. I bless your name. in prisoners chains with pleading stripes. All inside [Music] lives that night. And in their pain [Applause] began to see their chains were loosed [Music] and they were free. Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. Give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. and some midnight out. If you should find you're in a pray in your mind. Reach out in praise and defy those who chase and they will fall. Oh, in Jesus name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor, give you praise for you are the life and the truth, the way. [Applause] I bless your name. I bless your name. Oh, you are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. [Music] Amen. You may be seated this morning. Amen. Brother Danny and brother Michael John, brother Paul, would you come this evening for the offering? Amen. We have a number of prayer requests this evening and also a praise report. Amen. It says, "We prayed for Katie Alder on Sunday. She was told she had a broken back and her aunt and her aunt texted on Saturday and she does not have any broken bones. Praise the Lord." &gt;&gt; I don't know if I read that right, but amen. Um, we have a prayer request for brother Shawn. He has pneumonia, so we want to remember him this evening. Amen. Brother David, would you just take us for the Lord in prayer this evening? [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Man, listen. Thank God I'm free from this world of sin. For a long time I travel down a long lonely road. And my heart was so heavy in sin. I sank Lord. And then I heard about Jesus. Oh, what a wonderful hour. And I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his saving power. Oh, thank God I am free, free, free from this world of sin. Oh, been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. Oh, I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. Like a bird out of prison. Oh, that's taken it fly. And like a blind man that God gave back his sight. And like a poor wretched beggar. Oh, that's found fortune and fame. Oh, I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his holy name. And thank God I am free. Free. I'm free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh hallelu. Save. save. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Thank God I am free. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. I'm safe. Save. Saved by his wonderful grace. Oh, I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. And father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing on your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. And father I hear it growing louder. It's the song of your redeem. As the saints of every nation are awakening to sing. From our hearts there comes an anthem. Oh, hear the heavens ring. This is our song. Song to our king. Let the worshippers arise. [Music] Oh, let the sons and the daughters see. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to you. Let's stand as we sing the third verse this evening. And father, I see a bride in power with full authority. She is claiming every promise and believing what she speaks. Every weapon formed against her has fallen at her feet. Oh, hear her praise. The King of Kings, let the worshipers arise. [Music] Oh, let the sons and the daughters see. Oh, I'm surrender. Bring my all. I surrender to the king. Let the worippers arise. Oh, let the worippers arise. [Music] Let the sons and the daughters see. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Amen. Amen. We're going to invite brother Ber this evening to come speak the word and listen. I'll say yes. I'll say yes as he comes this evening. Amen. Oh, I'll say yes, Lord. Yes to thy will and to your way. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes. I will trust you and obey when your spirit speaks to me. With my whole heart, I'll agree. And my answer will be yes, Lord. Yes, I'll say yes. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes to your will and to your way. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes, I will trust you and obey. When your spirit speaks to me with my whole heart, I'll agree. And my answer will be yes, Lord, yes. Oh, I'll say yes, Lord. Yes, to thy will and to thy way. I'll say yes, Lord, yes, I will trust you and obey. Spirit speaks to me with my whole heart. I'll bless you, obedience. Lord yes for will and do your way I'll say yes Lord yes I will trust you good brother Josh pretty good spirit speaks to me with my whole heart I'll agree and My answer will be yes Lord. Yes. Yes Lord. Everybody say yes Lord. Amen. I will listen tonight. Everybody say I'll listen tonight. Amen. God bless you. Good to see you John Michael. Good to see y'all. Amen. Sister Emma. Amen. Always an honor to have y'all. Amen. It was quite a span there that time. Amen. So, Amen. Praise the Lord. Everybody happy? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Good to see everybody. You can be seated a minute. Thank you, musicians. Amen. We got a good band up here, don't we? &gt;&gt; Amen. We're going to have him play in heaven when we get him up there. Amen. &gt;&gt; We're going to gather around the throne and have us a good jubilee of a time. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Just want to say thank everybody. Amen. For Amen. for just all that you do. Amen. A lot of times we just don't Amen. say enough. Amen. Whether it's our musicians or whether it's our deacons, trustees, Sunday school teachers, everybody. We just really appreciate everything everybody does. Amen. Appreciate what brother John's been doing down here. Amen. Trying to get the rock in. Amen. And so we got quite a bit more rock. Amen. So I don't know if they're going to bring more or do you think maybe that's enough? Don't know, right? Until we spread them, brother John. Amen. But anyway, hopefully I'll get to do some dozing tomorrow. Amen. and we'll talk about that after church. But, amen. Try to get this grade cut back here. Amen. Get things settled in for the winter because weather's coming around the corner. Looking forward to our um fall festival. Amen. Amen. And praise the Lord. Just Amen. Remember, keep remembering Joey Doris, my neighbor, in prayer and believing that God will deliver him from a bladder cancer. Amen. It's contained within the bladder. So they got good hopes there. Amen. And so we're going to believe that that God will do a miracle for him. Remember Joey Doris. Joey Doris. Amen. So we'll continue to remember him in prayer. Amen. Do want maybe if we could uh get a work group. Amen. At church we have a lot of young men. We have a lot of resources. Amen. And so I know that John a lot of time brother John's doing something. Brother Tommy if you would help him. Amen. And all you young men, Amen. I hope you volunteer. Amen. Get your name on the book, I mean on the list. Amen. Because whenever we do something and we need some help, Amen. John will be able to say, "Hey, we're doing this Saturday or whatever." And there's a chance, Amen. If we get it all already, Amen. we may be trying to sew some seed and grass this coming Saturday if we can get it ready in time. Amen. This coming Saturday. So, kind of we'll we'll send you a text or whatever. uh if we can manage to get it ready and maybe throw some seed out there. Amen. I you know, so that would be nice to be able to do get that wrapped up. Amen. Praise the Lord. God is good. &gt;&gt; Amen. Um I can't think of anything else, but if you would wouldn't mind by the time you're the technician on that probably. So, Brother John would probably appreciate some help in getting everybody programmed. Put me on there, too. Amen. Uh so if you would and uh so let's stand. We'll just get into the word of God. We got amen a little ways that we want to go with the help of the Lord. I've just praying and kind of asking the Lord uh what he wants me to speak on. Amen. I'll be speaking tonight and then Lord willing coming Sunday and brother Brad said he would take the service next Wednesday. So Amen. And then of course the following Sunday we'll have our our our fall festival and we won't be having a carry-in that weekend because it really only worked out to have this festival on the first weekend of November. So Amen. That s that coming first Sunday of the month we'll only have one Sunday morning service. Amen. Because we'll be here till late Saturday probably having the fall festival clean up and you know how it is. And so amen we won't overdo everybody. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Precious and kind heavenly father, we're so grateful, Lord Jesus, because of the blood that dripped from your side, Lord, the gusher, so to speak, the water and the blood that gushed out of your side, Lord. Father, you made a way back for us to be able to come and fellowship with you. And Lord, for our prayers to be heard, and we ask, God, tonight, Lord Jesus, that as we know that you're here in our presence and in the service, Father, we ask God that you'll just take complete control both of me and also the ears of the hearer. Lord, we ask God that the Holy Spirit would speak to us. Lord, even as they sang that last song. Amen. I'll listen as the Spirit speaks and with my whole heart I will agree and I will say yes, Lord. Yes. Amen. And may that truly be every heart's desire, Father, because what we have to say tonight, Amen. It's a little hard, but it doesn't matter. We want what your will is. Amen. And so I ask God that you'll just bless the further part of the service, Lord. the prayer request that's already been mentioned. We thank you for the praise report. Amen. And we do pray for Joey Doris tonight. Ask God that you'd give him victory and complete deliverance from cancer. We ask God that you'd give him every day that he has come to him now in the name of Jesus Christ. We ask it. Amen. And amen. Amen. Turn your Bibles if you will. Amen. And we'll go to Romans. Amen. And I tried a new thing here. Amen. trying to get some of my scriptures on the iPad. Amen. And so I want to be able to not have to go fishing for so long. Amen. For um my scriptures and so forth. Is that all right? So we kind of have a new thing here. We're going to try. Amen. With the help of the Lord. Come on. Why want to go away? Just get out of there. All right. There we go. All right. Romans. Amen. And I believe it's 8 chapter 8 and verse um we'll begin with verse 14. For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but ye have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father. For the spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. And if children, then hes. Amen. Heirs of God and joint hes with Christ. Amen. If so be that we suffer with him, that we may also be glorified together. Amen. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory that shall be revealed in us. For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God. For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who hath subjected the same in hope. because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God. For we know that the whole creation g uh groanth and travaleth in pain together until now. And not only they, but ourselves also which have the first fruits of the spirit. We even we ourselves grown within ourselves waiting for the adoption to wit the redemption of our body. Amen. May God add his blessings to the reading the word. You can be seated this morning. This evening this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. So the way that this came to me and I was just meditating on the Lord and I was you know I don't know I won't say that it was the Lord but in my mind something asked me what is important what we would be important to minister now. Amen. Amen. We've we've talked about how that God has given all us all things to enjoy. Amen. And how that we're joint hes with God. Amen. And and so forth. But I thought about what's important because I believe we're coming down close to the end, don't you? &gt;&gt; Amen. Close to the end. And I thought about uh how that really that's it's truly what's important is that we're ready. Amen. To be ready. That we have what it's going to take when we get there. Amen. So tonight we want to talk about we're going to go to a perfect body. Amen. How many believes that? Amen. And and uh you know that inside man that God is working on in each and one of us. Amen. That inside man has to match the outside. Amen. Praise the Lord. Good to see y'all. Good. Glad glad brother Glenn is back. Amen. And sister Sherry. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Sister Patty. Amen. And so we're just glad to have them back. Amen. We missed you, brother. I'm glad you're feeling better. All of you. Amen. I thought about putting you on the list there, you know, but I I thought about telling you, you don't qualify, but you qualify anytime. You can come watch. You can come and and instruct or whatever you want to do. Amen. Praise the Lord. We appreciate, brother Glenn. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise be to God. So, I got to thinking, you know, how that, you know, and I got to thinking about what really what it is that we're going to take with us. Ain't that right? How many knows and it's something that I've preached many times and sometimes I hesitate, but you know, maybe there'll be people out there that listen to it that that hear it and maybe people right here this evening, you know, that just need to hear it again. Isn't that right? But we know that when we take when we go and when we leave this place there's only one thing that we take with us and that is our character. &gt;&gt; That is our character. I thought where brother Bham had said you know that death doesn't change us. Is that right? And I thought well if death doesn't change us then when we go in the rapture and our body is changed it would not change your character and the way that you are. So there has to be a a change. Amen. That takes place and that is taking place in our lives. &gt;&gt; Amen. I believe as we have as you're led by the spirit of God, as you're filled with the Holy Ghost, you see your own faults. How many does that? &gt;&gt; You see where you're still short because the Holy Spirit shows you that. Amen. Whether it's just by revelation or it's by tests and trials and things that God allows to come your way. &gt;&gt; And you know, we're going to get over there one of these days. How many believe we're going to get over there one of these days? &gt;&gt; Amen. When we get over there, I heard brother Bram say that you know the angels when we go get over there and we sing amazing grace, how sweet the sound that save the wretch like me. Amen. And we talked about all the wondrous love of God. When we talk about these things, the angels will stand back and listen cuz they won't know what we're talking about. &gt;&gt; When we get over there, I'm here to tell you that they're going to look upon us and realize and know that we have come through a terrible, terrible ordeal. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. that it'll be have in very very heart. I thought about it as I was studying this that I want to go to one of the angels and tell them that boy I'm here to tell you I'm here to tell you that we have faced some deep dark valleys. We have had some real battles. We have had some real struggles. And that angel will say, "Well, I don't know what you're talking about." Why? Because they don't know. They don't experience what we experience. &gt;&gt; Amen. When we talk about and and and you know, and it'll be true that that they won't know just what we went through. But we'll say, you know, but it didn't matter how much the valley was. It doesn't matter how long the trial was. Doesn't matter how dark it was, how horrible it was. We'll say that God gets all the glory because he brought us through that. Amen. God gets all the glory because he brought us through that. First thing I want to just mention is before we really get started, first the first quote I want to mention is brother Bam says, he says, "I think of the layout I see a church h in its condition." He said, 'As far as I know, I don't see anything to hinder at this time the coming of the Lord outside of the readiness of the church. Amen. Outside of the Can't Can't we say that tonight? We've seen all these other scriptures being fulfilled. all these scriptures that's being fulfilled and we can say that we don't really see anything that would hinder him from coming tomorrow morning between 7 and 9. Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; Amen. Just the readiness of the church. Amen. This is something else I'm a little concerned before I get started. I'm a little concerned about us. And I don't know if this will apply to you or not, but maybe. But Abraham talks about some time ago a man on his road to the seaside. He was going for a little rest. He wanted to refresh himself. Ain't that right? Y'all remember the sword? He wanted to refresh himself and hear the seagulls and all these things, you know. He wanted to go down and relax and really enjoy the blue sky that reflects the water. And on his road to the seashore, he met a man with his old this old salt, the old sailor of the sea. He says, where goest thou? He said, I go down to the seashore to enjoy the goodness of the sea. The old Saul said, you know, I don't see nothing strange about it. The waters are just water. Sky just sky. The gull is just another bird. You see, he had seen so much until it became common to him. It wasn't thrilling to him anymore. How many knows that you got to be careful going to church, hearing the gospel, hearing the preacher? It just becomes common to you. Brother Bram said that commonness is is leisier. It's lukewarmness. Is &gt;&gt; that right? &gt;&gt; Amen. It wasn't thrilling to him. And that's what's the matter with you people. Brother Bam says, you've seen the goodness, the miracles, the divine things of God moving and working until it just becomes common. We hear preachers under the inspiration fireball and Amen. We used to amen preach it. We used the pull. &gt;&gt; Be careful. &gt;&gt; Brother M. Brother Michael sits under brother Donnie Reagan. Hello. &gt;&gt; But it can become common if you aren't careful. Just Well, there's Brother Donnie again. We're listening. Well, there's Brother Ber. Whoever it might be, we sit here, cross our hands, just become common. &gt;&gt; It's a terrible thing. &gt;&gt; It's a terrible thing to let it become common. And it's easy to do. You would think that the love of God, the goodness of God, the, you know, the Holy Spirit moving in the atmosphere, amen, would would never get dullled, never get dim, never gets stale. But it can if you aren't careful. &gt;&gt; And you know what? I don't believe if somebody really stays on fire that they will get away from that and they they will let it become common. But it's when you get away from God a little bit and you let the world come in a little bit too much. you pay too much attention to YouTube or whatever it might be and you don't pray like you ought to and all of a sudden you go away from it. &gt;&gt; I mean, you got to be careful, church. Let's be careful. Evening light tabernacle. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That we don't let the preacher, the music, whatever it is, become common to where it's just another service. It's just another sermon. He's just doing what he's supposed to do. Lord, help us. &gt;&gt; I heard brother Brandham saying many time and I like to apply it to myself. He says, I don't come here just to preach a sermon or just to say something to the people. When I come up here, I want to say something that will benefit that will be a blessing and that God once said that God once done. And I believe we ought to receive it as that, don't you? &gt;&gt; We ought to be there receiving and say, "God, don't let me become common. Don't let the Holy Ghost become common. Can you imagine the Holy Ghost become common? The thrill of a Amen. a good sermon in the atmosphere of the Holy Ghost. But listen to what brother Bam says here. We've seen the goodness, the miracles, divine things moving until it became common, until it becomes common to you and you don't really notice it more. In my meetings, I've noticed where the Lord under discernment will speak right in on the audience like he did at the doors of Galilee. Amen. Just like he said and promised that he would do in the first time they say, "Oh man, was that ever." Woo! Huh, man. That was good. &gt;&gt; He says, "Oh, that's got to be of the Lord." And the next time, well, I guess it's all right. Huh? Can you imagine? This is what brother Bam says about it. He says it's common. It's passed over and you don't notice it. Your eyes of your understanding, your heart has closed up. And my he says it should shake your faith till you open up every door of faith and everything else and say, "Lord Jesus, take full possession of me now." Amen. Take me into your car and come into my heart. Take my selfishness away. Take my misunderstandings away. Take my doubts away. open my eyes. But you see this man the salt had seen so much and enjoyed like we've been preaching enjoyed so much. Amen. You realize sometimes too much enjoyment isn't good for us. &gt;&gt; Oh my. That's right. We want to enjoy things, but man, be careful that it doesn't become common. He saw so much and enjoyed it so much until it just become common to him. That's what you Americans have done with Christ. He's been so good to you. You seen me open the eyes of the blind. Now, some of them wouldn't walk across the sea, the the street to see it again. See, see him heal the sick, perform miracles, and all this. And then it's become common. It's not a thrill anymore. Be careful that preaching and everything on Wednesday night, whatever. [Music] Don't have that kind of a spirit. When you come, you sing with a really heart of praise. &gt;&gt; Worship. Amen. Oh, I thought, how can it how can a real fire that's burning on the inside get cold? Amen. I don't want it to get cold. I don't want it to burn out. I don't want us the evening light tabernacle to simmer down. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But sometimes we have a tendency to do that if we have it too nice. Now, how many know that character, Amen, that it's molded through sufferings and through trials, I want you to understand that first 22 years of your life from about five to 22. And that's including about four years of college, all you do, amen, is go to school and take test after test after test, exam after exam after exam. How many know God is here and he is examining you? He is testing you. He is trying you. &gt;&gt; Amen. And you learn and learn and learn and learn to become so that you can actually function in this world. Let me tell you something. God is putting you and I test after test after test, trial after trial, so that we will be able to function and do the way that God wants us to do. Because I'm here to tell you that this bunch of people that's coming up in the rapture that's going up into the sky, Paul's group, Irene's group, when we take to the sky, can only imagine the way brother Brandon preached it. One after the other, we're going up there, millions and millions of people to meet the Lord in the air. You talk about a people that has come out of suffering and so forth. &gt;&gt; Amen. there. Let me tell you something. What is brother What is God doing? How many knows that God so orchestrated it? God has so set it up. He didn't just give us a flowery bed of amen. If I was talking to the angel, he might ask, "How was it down there?" I'd say, "It sure wasn't no flower bed." &gt;&gt; Life is full of disappointment. Life is full of trials, tests, hardship, suffering, disease. Something else I wrote down that I wanted to say to the church. What I see in the church, what I see at evening like tabernacle, what I see here. Amen. Strange things. Strange things, Amen, that I go through. Strange things that I feel. Amen. But I see a group of warriors, soldiers, people that love the Lord, people that stand for the Lord. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? We're like a uh God's little army here in this community. &gt;&gt; Now, how many know the devil? He's like a roaring lion going about seeking whom we may devour. But you've got your shield of faith up. You've got your sword out. We're like an army. Amen. That's cuddled together. Ain't that right? Cuddled together. Amen. And keeping all the fiery darts of the wicked one off of us. &gt;&gt; But the devil is there and he's trying to get in somewhere. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's trying to penetrate that impenetrable wall of shield. But you got to watch. We got to watch because the devil, he'll try to look for a hurt feeling somewhere. &gt;&gt; A little bit of backslittingness, a little bit of bitterness. He'll look for every little channel that he can possibly get to get into us. Are you with me? And we have to guard against that weakness because if he can get in there, he will. &gt;&gt; If he can get your feelings hurt from somebody or somehow, be careful. The devil will come in there and he'll try to route the army. So, let's keep our shields up. Keep your feelings in check. Keep your hurts. Keep your whatever it might be. Cuz he don't like a smooth running church. He don't like me to be under the anointing of the Holy Spirit and preach the gospel. He tries his best to attack me any way that he can. &gt;&gt; Last week, I've went through a battle. Amen. Big battle. One of the biggest battles in a while. A matter of fact, I preached last Sunday under that battle. Tried not to show. I don't know if you noticed or not. I remember Brother Ivan, I'll tell you what, if I ever went through a a battle or whatever and then I'd preach, Brother Ivan one time says, "I don't know what what happened with him, but something happened, you know, because you can kind of pick it out." I don't know if y'all picked it out, but anyway, but by God's grace, I want to tell you this that by God's grace, I passed the test. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I passed the test. Thank you, Lord. Tell you what, it wasn't easy. It wasn't easy at all, but I thank God. Amen. He helped. He helped me. Amen. And that's as much as I'm saying. Amen. You love him. &gt;&gt; Amen. Think about it now. My brother Bram said when Constantine came over and liberated the Christians from Roman persecution, he said, you know, uh what when he did the church lost more grounds in 10 years that he had gained through the whole persecution. If there's anything that makes a Christian lazy, it's when they get a flowery bed of ease. &gt;&gt; Oh, I don't like this quote, but it's the truth. He says, "We don't have persecution enough. We don't have it hard enough. &gt;&gt; I like it nice and easy. I like it for it to smooth. I don't like hardness. Do you? But even Paul told Timothy, "Endure hardness. Endure grief." Hello. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's right. We don't have it hard enough. Always the chain is the strongest at the weakest link. How many knows that when we get born again, when you get the Holy Spirit and you say you're born again, you say you got the faith of God, every son that comes to God has to be tried, has to be tested. Amen. God's going to test whether you really have the faith or not. Really have the love of God, those fruits of the spirit that we talked about. God's going to see if you really have those or not. &gt;&gt; I can't help but believe that God's got our at least my mind, my heart set in the right direction. Amen. Because there's really only one thing that we're interested in and that's to be ready. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Listen to what he said. See, a man under pressure is what he is under pressure. Glory. His real true characteristics will show under pressure. The best will come out. The church shows its best under pressure. You know how fired up we were? You know how our faith grew when we heard about my wife and the cancer and everything? It shook us out of our laziness. There was no coming to church and just being lazy and not po. You heard us. We It did us good &gt;&gt; spiritually. No, we don't like that type of thing. But yet it moved us up to a next level. &gt;&gt; Picked us up. Picked our faith up. Our sincerity level. &gt;&gt; Amen. All right. Get him all riled up. Stir him up. Put something on him. See what you're made of. How many believes that what trials do? They see what you are made of. Now, I must pause there and go back. We'll come up back up here and finish this. We'll start right here. This is where I get scrubble up sometime. I'll learn how to preach one of these days. All right. So, listen to this. Romans 8. What we just read. The whole creation groanth and travaleth. Does that sound uh you know, it sounds like a struggle to me. And my subject tonight is changed. Changed. Amen. What is the whole creation groaning for? The manifestation of the sons of God. How many believe the whole creation is in pain? &gt;&gt; Groan. You don't think it's groaning? Think about all those crocodiles that grab them people. Grab a hold of them. drag them out there in the water and drown them and spin and bring them under there and the struggle. There is the horror animals coming up to the side and crocodiles grabbing them in their legs and bring them in and tearing them to pieces and shredding them. Amen. People killing each other, shooting Charlie Kirk in the head. struggle, pain, animals, getting hit on the road. It's a pain. It's groaning. Sickness everywhere. Hospitals everywhere. People grasping, trying to stay alive. It's all groaning. What? for that change, that day of sweet relief. Amen. I didn't tell you the other part of talking to angels. Amen. That angel, no doubt, will tell me, "Yeah, no doubt, but you have went through all of that." But we ain't got none of that up here. We ain't got no downness. We ain't got no valleys up here. We ain't got no sickness up here. We ain't got no blues up here. We ain't got no depression up here. How many's looking forward to that day? [Applause] Everything is good. Woo! We're going to holler. &gt;&gt; We're going to praise God. But here we are. We're not there yet. We're not home yet. Amen. The whole creation groanth and travaleth in pain together until now. And not only they, but we ourselves also which have the first fruits of the spirit. Hello. How many believe? Even though you're holy ghost filled. Amen. Even we ourselves grown within ourselves waiting for the adoption to wit the redemption of our body. In other words, the change that's supposed to come. &gt;&gt; I mean he's looking for the change. I'm looking for the change. You're expecting the change. But God has to come in here and change you a little bit. He's got to change me. He's got to change the way that we are. He's got to take all our bad stuff out. &gt;&gt; Everything that's unlike Christ, he has to take out. He will take out. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. See, brother Bam says right after that about we've got it too easy, too soft here. Not long ago during the depression, why it was easy to find people at prayer meeting on Wednesday night. On Wednesday night, I said, but prayer meeting. But now they can work in the defense plants and the union gives them much money and they hardly know what to do with. And you have to almost persuade them in the medium into the meeting medium. Amen. Think about it. How many knows if you're in a hardship, you're in a trial, you get desperate. You just have a tendency to Amen. seek God more. But when you've got it all easy and you got plenty of money, I believe Paul told Timothy, "No, man, that uh uh a good soldier doesn't entangle himself in the affairs of this life." I thought, man, how entangled do we get ourselves sometimes in the affairs of this life? But if you're going to fight and you're going to be a Christian, you ought to be. Don't get so tangled up in this life. You ain't got time for God. Ain't got time for church. You're too entangled in the things of this world. &gt;&gt; Amen. See, Peter said in first Peter 1, we're going to kind of skip over a bunch. who are kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation ready to be revealed in the last time wherein ye greatly rejoice though now for a season if need be ye are in heaviness through manifold trials or temptations that the trial of your faith being much more precious than of gold that perishes though it be tried with fire might be found unto praise and honor and glory at the appearing ing of Jesus Christ. How many knows God in the Leo age says, "I counsel thee to bow me gold tried in the trial, tried in the fiery trial." Amen. How many know that's where, Amen. God produces gold or deity in your heart? Gold represents deity. Those trials that come our way, those hardships that come our way, that suffering that comes our way produces gold of God, &gt;&gt; it produces character. P Peter said again in chapter 4 1 Peter 4 and verse 11 or 12. Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you as though some strange thing happened to you. In other words, my why does this got to happen to me? Why did this happen? Huh? This is weird. This is stren No, it's not. No, God is testing you. It's more precious. Your tests and trials of your faith are more precious than gold. How many believes that? Because Paul said, "I reckon that the sufferings of this world are not to be compared with the glory that is revealed that will be revealed from heaven." Amen. That's right. But rejoice in so much as ye are partakers of Christ's sufferings, that when his glory shall be revealed, ye may be glad with exceeding joy. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; See, be sober, be vigilant. For your adversary endeavor, as a roaring lion walketh about seeking whom devour he may devour, who resists steadfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world. But the God of all grace who has called us by his eternal glory by Jesus Christ after you have went on a flowery bed of ease for a while. That don't sound right, does it? Everything has been going good for you. No. after you have suffered a while, make you perfect, establish, strengthen, and settle you. Brother B said that even Jesus was made perfect by sufferings. Amen. Amen. Here he was, no man that worth entangleth himself with the affairs of this life, that he may please him who hath chosen him to be a soldier. Remember that Jesus Christ, the seed of David, was raised from the dead according to my gospel, wherein I suffer trouble as an evildoer, even unto bonds, but the word of God is not bound. Therefore, I endure all things for the elect's sakes, that they may also obtain the salvation which is in Christ Jesus with eternal glory. This is a faithful saying, for if we be dead with him, we shall also live with him. And if we suffer, we shall also reign with him. Praise the Lord. Brother Brandham Church's book, Smyrna Church, says, you know, Peter said, is it strange that God wants us to develop a Christlike character that comes through suffering? That's not strange. No, sir. He says, "We all have trials. We have to be tried and chasened as sons." Boy, haven't a lot of us heard this a lot in our life. Maybe there's some younger folks that haven't heard this. I'm here to tell you, if you're expecting a flower bed of ease and no trials, well, you've come to the wrong place. Not a one but that goes through it, the church that is not suffering and is not being tried hasn't got it. It isn't of God. Woo. Not everything's going to keep going right all the time, is it? When do you really learn to get down on your knees? Amen. When you're suffering, going through hardships, going through trials. Amen. See who the Lord chasen us. He scorches every son that cometh and who he receiveth. And if you're without chastisement, whereof all are partakers, then are ye bastards and not son. Let me tell you something. If you will not take the correction of the Lord, you're not his son. &gt;&gt; Amen. Chastisement, correction. Listen. He says, "This special condition in Simrna must be applied to every age. There's no age free from it. There is no true believer free from it. This is of God. This is the will of God. It is needful. We need the Lord teach us the truth that we are to suffer and be Christlike in doing it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Blessed are you when men shall revile you and persecute you and say all manner of evil against you falsely for my sake. Rejoice and be exceeding glad for great is your reward in heaven. For so persecuted they the prophets that were before you. You see cloudy the cloudy skies and storms of life are no signs of God's disapproval. Well, look what he's going through. Look what she's going through. They must have some secrets in. They must not be right with God. Well, you're an ignorant person. Hello. You must have not gone through some yourself. Maybe God needs to send you through some that'll make you have sympathy for somebody that's suffering and going through a hard time. I can't think of anything. I can't think of anything that is less Christlike for somebody to be critical of you, criticize you when you're going through a hard time. Just get away from me. Don't tell me you're a Christian. You ain't. Why? Because you'll have pity and love for those that are suffering. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; A few amens. &gt;&gt; That's right. How many knows that most of the time the truth is most of us learn our lessons in the school of heart knocks &gt;&gt; school of heart knocks you may end up in on your back in the hospital you may be on the streets see no telling where you'll be amen when you finally learn hey this isn't what I want amen neither are bright skies and still waters signs of his love and approval. Can you imagine? Too many Job's comforters around. Why? Cuz Job had everything. Boy, God is really with you, Job. Man, I'm telling you what, look at all your your children and all that you got. You're a rich man. &gt;&gt; But when he lost it all and all went south, he had some real comforters. You are a secret sinner, Job. Why don't you just confess it? Amen. And it wasn't good for them. Guys, now I'm here to tell you, all right, his listen. Neither are bright skies and still waters signs of his approval. How shall I prove my love to him? He proved it by electing you. How many believes that his love is elective love? Aren't you glad for that? Oh, it ain't always because God's all good to you and lets everything go good. No, don't look at that. But look, if he chasened who I love, I'd rebuke, I chasen. Be zealous, therefore, and repent. &gt;&gt; How shall I prove my love to him? by believing what he said and by conducting myself ami myself with joy amidst the trials that he in his wisdom allows to come my way. Amen. How many knows it's easy to love those that love you? Amen. All right, let's talk about We've talked a little bit about uh Well, we're not done yet. Let's go to Peter. And I've got I don't have the rest of these. I don't think I have. Yeah, I've got one another one James. And we want to kind of turn a little corner here. It's not too much of a corner because it all ties together. Actually, I want to go to Peter first before I read that one. First Peter And I think brother Brandham might have mentioned this, but I'm going to read it again. First Peter 1 and verse 6, wherein ye greatly rejoice, though now for a season if need be in heaviness and manifold temptation. Maybe I've read it already. The trial of your faith, yeah, I have be much more precious than the gold that f that perishes. There's another one in chapter 2 and verse 19 says it this way. This is thankw worthy if a man for conscience sake towards God endure grief suffering wrongfully. For what glory is it when you are buffeted for your faults? You take it patiently. But when you do well and suffer for it, you take it patiently. This is acceptable unto God. You know, I've learned that not just everybody believes in turning the other cheek. Not just everybody believes in being quiet like Jesus was when he was spit upon and all these things. But I want to say this in the whole manner because there is a time to be quiet and there's a time to speak up &gt;&gt; because when Simon mistreated him and he suffered like that, Jesus did speak up. He wasn't so quiet. He says,"Simon, I got something to say to you." Amen. But there's other times where he would be quiet. Amen. But he says, listen, and that's how many knows that that's some of the that's some of the hardest tests that we'll go through. It's when you suffer or somebody says something about you that isn't true just to let it go. No, we going to get up all in his face and we we're going to say something, right? We're going to put them in their place. Yeah, go ahead. But you don't get no reward that way. See, when when somebody sins and does wrong like that, you bear his sin, you you you're you're bearing his sin. Isn't that right? And you do it because you love that person and you pray for that person. And the Bible teaches never to uh when you revile, don't revile back. Is that right? Don't act the way that they act. Because in chapter four, it says, "For as much then as Christ has suffered for us," how many knows that when we were unloly, he loved us anyway? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's right. arm yourselves. Therefore, likewise, with the same mind, for he that suffered in the flesh has ceased from sin. Now notice, if you suffer, take it patiently. This is acceptable unto God. For even here unto were ye called, because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example that we should follow his steps. Who when he was reviled, reviled not again. When he suffered, he threatened not, but committed himself to him that judges rightfully. Amen. Notice I read that about think it not strange concerning the fiery trial that's to try it. But rejoice in so much that ye are partakers of Christ suffering and when his glory shall be revealed, ye may be glad with exceeding great joy. Peter once again says, "If any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed, but let him glorify God on this behalf." Now, back to our thought talking about trials and suffering and tests. James, he said it this way. James, a servant of the Lord Jesus Christ, to the 12 tribes which are scattered abroad. My brethren, count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations or trials. Knowing this, that the trying of your faith workketh patience. &gt;&gt; Amen. It works patience. Amen. But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing or lacking nothing. Now, how many knows that that's truly when you have to have patience? When you're going through a trial, when you're going through a test, that's right. You're going through a trial. Going through a test. Amen. Romans 5. Romans 5 verse one says, "Therefore, being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. By whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand and rejoice in hope of the glory of God." Now, here's the scripture we want to get to. And not only so, but we glory in tribulation. Whoa. in tribulations also knowing that tribulation workketh patience. Amen. So we find that not only do your hardships and your test, Amen, they try your faith, they try your patience, they create and make you be patient because the Bible says one place that uh like Abraham and them they were our example. how that they inherited the promises through patience. Patience. I thought of three people that needed patience. Noah, Abraham, and us. That's right. Noah was 120 years. 120 years. Can you imagine, brother Troy, him coming out after 110 years? Woo! Come on, people. I'm here to tell you, it's going to rain. He wasn't He didn't let it become common to him. It's going to rain. It's going to rain. And finally, it did. &gt;&gt; He had faith. He had patience. Abraham, he had 25 years of patience. Ain't that right? 25 years. The Bible says that his faith got stronger. I want to ask you something just right now. Is your faith stronger now than it was a year ago? &gt;&gt; Is it stronger? I know mine is. Hey, my patience level is a little bit higher, too. How about yours? Everybody's patient level a little bit higher. got to be putting up with me. Amen. Praise the Lord. Cuz I'm here to tell you that how many knows that those trials and things that come your way, that is what changes you. How many believes that from glory to glory, God is changing us? &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. We're changed from glory to glory. All right, let me finish this. Rejoice in the hope of glory, not also, but glory and tribulations also knowing that tribulation works patience and patience experience. Amen. Hallelujah. How many knows that the one thing that everybody has to have, everybody needs is experience. Been there, done that. Amen. &gt;&gt; I know what you're talking about. I've experienced it. I've experienced those hard places that you couldn't get around, couldn't get over it. Only a person that's been there knows what it's like. &gt;&gt; It tries you to the utmost. You know what I've learned to do, brother John and Sister Alicia? When you get up against the wall and you can't go nowhere, I kick back and sit down. And I believe that's what brother Brandham said. He said, "Just stand back and have faith in God and watch God take you through. &gt;&gt; Don't scratch and claw and make it try to make it." No, you can't. You tried. It didn't happen anyway. You couldn't do it. God has to bring us to those places you absolutely can't do nothing about it. Tommy knows a lot of us. How many knows? Yeah. What I'm talking about? Yeah. Just don't know. And you have to just sit back, so to speak, get on your knees, commit it to God, like brother B said, and watch God take you through. How many is with you? That's what we're counting on God to do for each and every one of us in this age. It may look hard. It may look impossible, but God is going to take it through. We're going to see a rapture. &gt;&gt; You might as well shout about it. You might as well be happy about it, cuz we serve a God. Amen. That has g put us through trials. Amen. Give us tribulation and it has worked experience and experience hope. &gt;&gt; Amen. My hope is in the Lord from this day on till forever more. My hope is in the Lord forever more. Forever ever more. &gt;&gt; How many is with me? Forever more. Our hope is in God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. In my life, Lord, be glorified. Be glorified. Amen. From glory to glory. He's changing me. Changing me. Changing me. His likeness and image to perfect in me. The love of God shown to the world. For he's changing. to the heavenly his likeness and image to perfect in me. The love of God shown to the world. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; How many feels better? I'm getting to feel better all the time. Amen. Hallelujah. That's right. God knew. God knew what it would take. When we get over there, Paul, when we get over there, he's not going to sit with somebody like the devil. You see, the devil was up there, his right-hand man, young people, right beside God. And you know what happened with the devil? He let it become common to him. He didn't enjoy the presence and the beauty of God, walking amongst the coals and just, oh my, he didn't. And he began to think, you know what? I'm not very happy with this situation. God's getting all the glory. Nobody's looking at me and and and giving me any glory. You know, I'm right his right-hand man, but they bypass me and pray and uh and worship him. I wouldn't mind being him, you know, may be like that. I want to be like the most high. Amen. I want to be above the stars of God. He wanted to be worshiped like God. M mm. That's why God hates discontentment. He hates murmuring. He don't like when you allow things to become common to you. Preaching to become common to you. Church to become common to you. Every time you sit in them pews, sit in there. Sit there. I'll sit with you. Say, "Preach, brother." Yeah, I like that. Boy, I'll tell you what. Did you hear what he just He I'll tell you what he just talked about justification or predestination. He It was all the word of God. Amen. That's right. I don't care if I'm there a million years. Amen. Look at this. Hey, Gideon. You know, it's amazing, isn't it? That grace of God is amazing. Amen. It ain't coming to me. No. Hallelujah. Praise be to God. &gt;&gt; We're going to sing and shout, dance about. We'll have us a time. &gt;&gt; Amen. Not just over there, but here we are in the most depressing. You're living in the most depressing atmosphere that there is. &gt;&gt; I mean, you got to go to work tomorrow. Come on, people. I'd rather go through shouting through heaven. I don't know about you. Ain't that right? But you got to go to work. You got to I mean, you boys, you got you got worries. You got it nice right now. Mama, can you make me a sandwich? Mama, what do you got for dinner? But one day, you got to make your own sandwich. or you got to try to find a woman that'll make it for you. And when you do that, boy, I'll tell you what, everything that comes with it, you better be ready for it. Responsibility. You're going to have rent to pay. You're going to have a house bill. This, that, and the other. And man, you know, that's right. But God can take you through. That's why you need God in the midst of it all. &gt;&gt; But God's not back to our thought. God's not going to be with somebody like the devil. No, God's going to be with a bunch of people who have went through hard times, who have went through struggles, who have had to die to themselves. When you want to do something and say, "Devil, just know I don't want to do that. That's not what God wants me to do." You've battled it out with yourself and say, "God, I want you to lead me. I want your will to be done in my life." &gt;&gt; Amen. The biggest battle you'll have is with yourself. Not your mama, not your dad, not your church, not your neighbor. Your biggest battle is sitting with you. &gt;&gt; That's right. It's this skin right here. The greatest enemy you got is this right here. &gt;&gt; Amen. And this right here, Gideon. And this right here, Daniel. And this right here, Paul. Amen. This right here. Up in here. It'll try to talk to you and get you down. &gt;&gt; But this can also be a blessing. &gt;&gt; This can also be a blessing if you'll open it up to God. &gt;&gt; Amen. And let the word come down in there. Amen. The Holy Ghost saturate your soul by saying, "God, I want to do Acts 2:38. I want to be baptized in I want to give God my life. I want to give God my all. He'll come in here and he'll give you peace of mind, peace of heart. And I'm here to tell you, there ain't nothing like being a Christian. I've been doing it since 20 years old. About 21 and I get it gets sweeter, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter as the days go by, brother. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many believe it's like wine? It just gets better all the time. But he's going to have people that have been tried and tested. He's going to put your arms around you. Say, "Well done, my son. &gt;&gt; Well done. You didn't let it become common down here. I know you won't let it become common up there. And after you've lived with us for a thousand years, and we got to go to Gog and Magog, and we face the devil again. Ain't that right? when he compasses about when he goes surrounds us again. Amen. What does it say? That all the armies of heaven follow him and we go out there. Amen. And out of his mouth goes what? A sharp two-edged sword. Why? You're not going to be afraid. I'm not going to be afraid. We'll just say speak the word. And I'm telling you what, we'll obliterate the whole thing and be done with it once and for all because our faith is in God. We know the true power. We know what the true power is where it truly lies. It's in the word of God. Not in gifts, not in shouting, not in jumping, but in faith in God's word. Amen. Well, we're ready to preach now. &gt;&gt; We done got loosened up. &gt;&gt; Amen. Do you see how long sometimes it can take to break through? Sure it does sometimes. Why? Because we've got cares. We've got things that bother us sometime and and so forth. I can't wait till I get my new body. Amen. Cuz we're we're we're groaning to be clothed upon. We're groaning for that body. &gt;&gt; That's perfect. &gt;&gt; Don't you hate your faults? &gt;&gt; Don't you hate your wrong thoughts? Don't you hear everything wrong that you I just hate it. I can't wait till there be no resistance, no temptation, no nothing. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Will have a body like unto his own glorious body. For now we see through a glass darkly, but then face to face. &gt;&gt; Here we got to have faith, but then it's going to be face to face. We don't know yet what we will be, but we know that when we when he appears, we shall be like him. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. Last quote about change. You asked and give permission to almighty God. A big thing when you say, "God, change my heart, oh God, make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God, may I be like you." Amen. Sometimes it takes the scruffy, scruffy, hard scrubbing for God to get things out of you. Amen. How many knows that? Real trials sometimes just to get things that you're not supposed to have or think or whatever it might be to get it out. Listen to this. Brother Brandon, when he went beyond the curtain of time, he said, "Them old boundary lines of nationality will be passed away. I see those women so pretty, long hair down to their back, long skirts way down. They was barefooted. See them men with shaggy hair down around their neck?" I was like, "Down around their neck? Mine ain't quite that long. So maybe it'll be a little longer. I don't know." Amen. I don't don't nobody go getting long hair here man. But when I read that I was like I know Jesus was down further. How many knows that our hair is different than what it was then? &gt;&gt; I I believe I can say it like brother Bram said if you want to see what Jesus would have looked like, you know, in this hour he'd had a short haircut. He would have a suit. He'd have one the way that the prophet did because that's who he backed up. Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; Amen. No bangs in your hair and your face and everything else like the Beatles and everything else and looking like a girl have to go. We don't want none of the head shaking or on the evening tabernacle. Hello. Get it cut or do something. Hello. That's right. I'd say different spirit. Amen. Shaggy hair around their neck. Red heads, blackheads, different colors. And they were throwing their arms around me. I could feel them. Their hands. God is my judge. This is a sacred book open. I could feel them just as I feel my hands in my face. They were throwing their arms around me. No sensation of women like you would have now. I don't know how holy I don't care how holy you are, who you are, what kind of a preacher you are, priest or whatever you might be. There's no man that could put his throw his arms around a woman around her without having human sensation. That's exactly the truth. But brother, when you pass beyond this here, it ain't that way there. Amen. How many believe that, brother? You can hug each other now and Amen. it all you want to, but you wait till you get over there for over for that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Listen, it's impossible. It's all love. Everything is real, brother, and everything is real, genuine, sister. There's no death, no sorrow, no jealousy. Nothing can enter there. And I said, Lord, that's what I'm here at the church for. Trying to set the church in order, telling you, brother, sister, there's only one thing that can enter that, and that's perfect love. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many knows that when you're suffering wrongfully and all these other things, it really tests whether you got perfect love or not. That's one of the harder things to do. Amen. To really have love if if you're done wrong. Not now listen, nothing else can enter there. Not because you're loyal to the brand tabernacle, Methodist church, Baptist church, or whatever it is. He says, not because you spoke with tongue, dancing in the spirit, because you cast out devils. Amen. Move mountains with faith. That's all right. Amen. But unless that something of real perfect love is there. Now notice he says then after that he says this way that's what bothers me though to preach to you people and I'm not saying that you know as far as us saying well you ain't right but brother Brandham was telling those folks I am telling preaching to you people. He says don't remain on the same condition that you've been going. How many of us would say Lord Lord if I'm not in the condition I should be father help me to change. Amen. &gt;&gt; Change my heart. If this goes for here and people listening, if you're not the way you're supposed to be, you listen to your prophet what he says. Don't con continue the same condition that you've been going in, change now. Change now. Hear me as I say this. Thus sayaith the Lord. And then he says, I've you know, I've never called me this, but I've preached a millions and all these other things. I don't claim to be a prophet, but you listen to me. Again, he comes back to thus sayeth the Lord. Thus sayaith the Lord, it'll take perfect love to put you in that place because that's all there is there. I'm going to close with saying something I Well, no, I'm not quite done. For that's all there was there. No matter how many religious demonstrations or how good a deeds that you done or whatever it might have done, hello. It won't count nothing on that. It'll take perfect love. Amen. How many knows it doesn't matter how much we dance, shout, and all these other things. You know, we like that. We do that. But that's not where it's at. It's in heaven. That perfect love. Then he says, "So whatever you do, you lay aside everything else. Make other things less important." And I didn't begin this like I wanted to at the beginning, but I'm here to tell you that the things of this life, the devil will try to make us think that the things of this world are more important sometimes than God. They're not. How many believes the most important thing is to lay aside everything, every weight, everything that besets us. Amen. Everything else until you are just so filled with the love of God till you can love those who hate you. Amen. I think back to my thought and that is most of us know what it's like to have hurt feelings. We all know what it's like to have bitterness and we all know what it's like to sometimes go to funerals or to weddings or to get togethers and if you aren't careful. Amen. When those things are there, there's just some funny feelings around. &gt;&gt; How many knows that there's some funny feelings around? I don't like funny feelings. Let me tell you, when we get over there, there's not going to be any funny feelings. &gt;&gt; We're not going to have to avoid somebody or this, that, or the other because the feelings are funny. &gt;&gt; It's all perfect love. Everybody has everything cleared up. [Music] How many knows? Anybody that claims to be a message believer, anybody that has is claims to be a Christian, if you have ought against your brother or if there's any problem between you, Amen, you ought to be able to get him together and y'all should come to the altar and pray together and ask each other to forgive each other. Amen. Have love one for another. If you can't do that, you don't know the blood of Jesus Christ. You don't know how to get things out from Amen. Get it under the blood and get rid of those feelings. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Going to have don't have to say over there. Oh, that was awkward. Oh, that was weird. No, none of that over there. How many glad for that? &gt;&gt; Press on, church. Keep pressing on. Don't let things become common to you. Don't let church become common to you. Don't let become got God become common to you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I've got down to today. I got down on my knees and I've prayed longer than I had in a while. Lord, don't let it become common to me because if it becomes common to me, what are you going to do? Amen. Stand with me tonight. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brother Joe. Thank you for praying. &gt;&gt; Amen. You know how much I pray, Lord, direct my thoughts. Direct, Lord, because I want out of the picture. I want the Holy Ghost to speak. Don't you? I want God to speak to my heart. &gt;&gt; Heads bowed, eyes closed. How many tonight would confess and say, you know, I let it become common. I've let God to become too much too common to me. Gotten too lukewarm, and I want to get back on fire. I want to be right there in tune with the Lord. God bless those hands, Lord Jesus. You see the hands up everywhere. We're living in an atmosphere that drags us down. We have living We're living in a world where so many things can attract our attention. Catch our eye. Take our time, Father. And we ask God you'll forgive us of where we have allowed it to, Lord. where we haven't had that prayer time with you, Lord, where we've let perhaps our phone take more time than what we spend with you, listening to your prophet, praying for this service and really coming with expectations, Lord, sitting at the edge of our seat and pulling on the gift of God that's before us, Lord. We don't have long, God. And I pray in the name of Jesus Christ that you'll bless these people with readiness and being ready for that hour, Lord Jesus, and help us, God, even as you send us and you you put us through things, God. You allow things come our way, Lord Jesus, to prove us, to try us, to make us stronger in you, Lord Jesus, to mold our character that it'll be fit to rule and reign with you, Lord. We'll sit there with you. The devil, he's cast out, and we'll take his place, so to speak. We'll be right there beside God. We'll be his bride. And you won't become common to us. We won't be unappreciative of you of what you've done, God. And I pray, Lord Jesus, that you'd have as each one here, Lord, and each one listening tonight, God, I pray that you'll prepare them, get them ready. Help them to lay aside every weight, the sin, that sin that does so easily beset them and the thing that distracts them from the real purpose of what you have us here for. Everything else is secondary. It's our walk with you that is first and foremost. And we ask God that you would strengthen that with great might, Lord Jesus. And we'll be careful, Father, to be on our prayer bones, Lord, seeking you every day, Lord Jesus, and saying, "Father, lead us and guide us by your spirit on a daily basis so that we could have the kind of walk that your prophet did, Lord, that we could hear the voice of God say, "Turn here and go down this street and go turn here or or do this or do that or or no matter how much the plane is about to take off and you think you're going to miss this, that or the other." Help us to override that and listen to your voice, God. in our lives, Lord Jesus, and follow your path, Lord Jesus, as I have learned even in the last week, Father. I thank you, Lord, for what you taught me, the lesson that you taught me, Lord Jesus, and the closeness that you have brought me through it all, Lord. I thank you, Father. And I ask, God, that you'll once again, Lord, just continue to pour out your spirit upon each member of this church here, Lord. May we pull together like never before, Father. May we be soldiers and keeping our guard up, Lord Jesus, and keeping our shields up, Father. Not letting the enemy come in in any way, Lord. I don't know why I felt like I have, Lord. Perhaps there's somebody I've thought perhaps there's somebody that's not where they ought to be. Somebody that's not okay. Maybe they're not saying it. I don't know just what it is, Lord, but I don't feel that way unless there's usually something going on. And I pray God, if there is someone like that, Lord, may they may they come out out of it, Lord Jesus, and know that if they need to talk, if they need to get it off their chest, that we're here for them. We're for them, Lord Jesus. And we ask, God, that you would, Lord, bring them out and help them to be okay, Lord Jesus. Father, for I bear the burden of each and every one, Lord. And I pray, God, that everybody's all right, Father. And if not, Lord, they'll get serious, Lord Jesus, and get right with you, Lord. We ask this in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. God bless you, church. Thank you for being a little patient. We went a little longer, but I think that was okay. Amen. Thank you, young people. We love y'all. Amen. Y'all ever need us any for anything, we're here. Amen. That goes for everybody. Amen. Anybody needs prayer? Amen. Janette, just play something soft. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. You are the potter. I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Change my heart, oh God. Oh, change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. For you are the potter. I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart. Oh God. May I be like you. Amen. I feel the pull. I feel the pull. I feel the pull. I hear the call and I know his spirit is moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and I [Music] Lord please come and take control. I feel the pole. I feel the P. I hear the call and I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and I agree. Lord, please come and take control. I feel the poor. [Music] Amen. Amen. Do you enjoy the word this evening? Amen. Appreciate our pastor. Amen. As we go this evening, let's sing. I want to do thy will, dear Lord. I want to do thy will, oh Lord. I want to do thy will, oh Lord. Take
