################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-07 - Bro Joe Adams• 8625 • Wed. The Eternal Thoughts of God Materialized in A Word Bride - Joe Adams.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-07
Title:    Bro Joe Adams• 8/6/25 • Wed. The Eternal Thoughts of God Materialized in A Word Bride
Speaker:  Joe Adams
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 46m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qa-_q7al0U
========================================

Description:
Bro Joe Adams• 8/6/25 • Wed. The Eternal Thoughts of God Materialized in A Word Bride
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Data. Ooh. D. Oh, it will quicken your mortal body stand. If that spirit dwells in you, let's sing it again if we could. Well, if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead. Oh, dwells in you. Oh, dwells in you. Oh yes. Oh, if that same spirit dwells in you, dwells in you. Well, it will quicken your mortal body. Oh, if that spirit dwells in you, there mortal body. Oh, if that spirit dwells in you. Let's sing it one more time. Well, if that same spirit, oh yes, that great cries from the will dwell in you. Oh yes. Oh, dwell in you. Give that same spirit. What dwell in you? When it will quicken your mortal body. Oh yes. dwells in you. Well, he will quicken your mortal body. Oh, it that spirit you. Amen. You glad for that spirit tonight? Amen. Amen. I I know there's not a lot here tonight. this side. Everybody came to church. Y'all are going to have to pump up your side, brother Devin. You're on the back seat tonight, brother. So, God bless you. It's good to be in the house of the Lord, isn't it? Amen. Let's sing that little chorus. I was glad when they said unto me, let's go to the house of the Lord. How many's happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight? Amen. And I'll tell you, well, I was glad when they said unto me, oh yes. Well, I was glad when they said unto me. Well, I was glad when they said unto me, "Oh, let us go to the house of the Lord." Well, there'll be singing in the house of the Lord. Oh, they'll be singing in the house of the Lord. Well, there'll be singing in the house of the Lord. Oh, let us go to the house of They'll be preaching. Well, they'll be preaching in the house of the Lord. Oh, they'll be preaching in the house of the Lord. Where they'll be preaching in the house of the Lord. Oh, let us go to the house of the I was glad one more time. Well, I was glad when they said unto me. Oh, I was glad when they said unto me. Well, I was glad when they said unto me, "Oh, let us go to the house of the Lord." And you know what? Well, there'll be shouting in the house of the Lord. Oh, there'll be shouting in the house of the Lord. Oh, yes. Well, there'll be shouting in the house of the Lord. Oh, let us go to the house of the I was glad tonight. Well, I was glad when they said unto me. I was glad when they said unto me. Well, I was glad when they said unto me, "Oh, let us go to the house of Amen." Yes. Amen. You believe we got something to shout about tonight? Amen. Amen. I don't want to get excited and not forget to pray and open the service and invite him to come tonight. Amen. Brother Josh, would you open the service in a word of prayer tonight, please, buddy? Amen. Let's sing that song if we could. Thank God I'm free tonight. How many's happy to be free? And and I know you're all excited about tomorrow, but let's get excited about tonight and see what the Lord will do for us. Amen. And brother Tommy, did you get that song today? I thought that might encourage you a little bit when I sing that. Amen. I'm glad I'm free tonight. Amen. For a long time I traveled. Yes. Down a long lonely road. Oh yes. My heart was so heavy it said I sank low. Heaven. I heard about Jesus, about power. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out to his Oh, thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Oh, yes. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh yes. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. Oh, I'm glad that I found out he would bring me out. Show me the way. And like a bird out of prison. Oh yes, that taken it fly. Like a blind man that God gave back his sight. Like a poor wretched man that's found fortune and fame. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out. Show me the name. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Oh yes. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. Say, save. Save by his wonderful grace. Oh, I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out. Show me the way once again. Oh, thank God. I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Oh yes. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. Oh, I found out he would bring me out the way. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated tonight. I won't keep you standing. And Amen. It's just good to be in the house of the Lord. And we welcome our visitors tonight. And God bless you. It's good to have them up. And uh I was trying to think of your name tonight and it left me. Charity. &gt;&gt; Charity. And your brother's name is Gabe. And I always said I'd never forget you because my daughter, my niece is Charity and her husband's Gabe, but I messed up. But anyways, the home folks know that's just me. But God bless you and our family from Louisiana. God bless you tonight. It's good to have them here. And it's good to have those that are streaming, Brother Glenn. and uh just I talked to him yesterday and and he's missing everybody and he said to greet the people and you know, brother Glenn, he he loves to come to church and we sure do miss him and just pray that God will continue to heal him and give him healing in his body tonight and you know these these bodies they they don't always you young people don't understand this. Don't get old because it's not fun. It's not fun at all. But you know what? If you get the Lord Jesus in your heart, it don't matter what happens. Everything is well. I was in the doctor's office today and you have to fill out that last page and they asked you if you're going to kill somebody or the whole world and all these crazy questions. And I put zeros cuz I told the lady, I said, I'm happy. And I thought she's thinking, well, why are you here? I said, cuz I got pain that I don't like. But you know what? We've got the Lord in our heart. What else could we ask for? The Bible says if you have Jesus, what else do you need? And we've got him tonight. And I'm so thankful that I'm one of them. How many's glad that you're one of them tonight? And let's sing that with all our heart. And we're not going to sing much. We're going to let brother Joe have a lot of time tonight. Well, there are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all a flame with the fire that fell at Pentecost, which cleansed and made them clean. Well, it is burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to his name. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of the Oh, yes. I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. Well, I'm so glad that I can see I'm one of thee. I'm one of them. I'm one of the Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Whether these people may not learn from me nor boast of worldly faith, they have all received their pent baptized in Jesus name. And are now both far and his power is just the same. Well, I'm so glad that I can see I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. Oh, yes. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of thee. Well, they were gathered in the upper room, all praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost and powerful service came. Now, what he did for them that day, he'll do for you the same. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. Oh, yes. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of thee. Welcome, my brother. See this blessing that will cleanse your heart that will joy bells ring and will keep your soul of flame. Well, it is burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to this day. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. Oh, yes. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of thee. Well, I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. Oh, yes. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of thee. Amen. Amen. You love him tonight. Amen. Brother Daniel and brother John Hersburgger, would you come and take up the offering that helped Brother Daniel tonight? And I think y'all can handle it. Uh we have just a couple prayer requests tonight. And like I said, we want to remember brother Glenn and prayer that God will just be with him and continue to remember sister Donna and sister Sherry and who? Yeah, I had him down yet. I hadn't got that far. Okay. I need help. Brother Thomas knows I've wrote it down many of times and didn't read it. Brother Joe Puit's not feeling well tonight. Want to remember brother Joe tonight. The Lord will touch him. Amen. And just remember our shut in Sister Parish and Sister Peggy. And I know they're watching. They're streaming tonight. God bless you, Sister Parish. And just pray the Lord will continue to touch her body. Amen. And we just just commit her life to him. Amen. And if you have need on your heart, might let it be known by uplifted hand. We're going to ask brother Daniel Wade if you'd pray over the offering. these needs tonight. Amen. Sister Becky, we sang the song. It's been a long time. I am covered. That little course, I'm covered by his blood. Man, y'all that youth that are going to sing tonight from Louisiana, come ahead. Well, I am covered. Covered. I'm covered by his blood. Well, I'm walking by faith and I'm living in love. Well, I am covered, covered, covered by his blood. Oh, Jesus has red. Excuse me once again if we could. Well, I am covered, covered, covered by his blood. Well, I'm walking by faith and I'm living in love. Oh, I am covered, covered, covered by his blood. Lord Jesus has bruised me. When my heart is broken, when my life is empty, I can't see your face. I can't hear your voice. When I'm feeling helpless, wandering in the darkness, surrounded by fear and defeat, I have a choice to make. No matter what comes my way, I choose to worship. I choose to praise. I choose to lift up the name above all names. I choose surrender. I choose to believe for all that you've done and for all you will be. I choose to worship. Even in the fire, even in the valley, I can have joy and I can have peace. You are always with me, never will forsake me. Your presence is all that I need. I have a choice to make with all that I am. I choose to worship. I choose to raise. I choose to lift up the name above all names. I choose surrender. I choose to believe for all that you've done and for all your will be. I choose to worship. &gt;&gt; Though we are pressed on every side, faith is our weapon and we'll win this fight. We made our choice and we lift our voice. Let the church rise up and say, "Oh, we will sing. We choose to worship. We choose to raise. We choose to lift up the name above all names. We choose surrender. We choose to believe for all that you've done and for all you will be. We choose to worship. We choose to raise. We choose to lift up the name above all names. We choose surrender. We choose to believe for all that you've done and for all you will be. We choose to worship. &gt;&gt; We choose to worship. &gt;&gt; We choose to worship. &gt;&gt; We choose to worship. &gt;&gt; I choose to worship. Amen. Amen. All right, let's stand tonight if we could and as brother Joe comes, let's sing that song. How great is our God tonight? Amen. You believe he's a great God tonight. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. Oh, the splender of the clean. Oh, clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wrapped himself in life. And darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great. Oh yes, how great is our God. H to H and H to H he stands. And time is in his hand. Beginning and the end, beginning and the end. For the Godhead three in blood, the father made for it son and the lamb of how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great how great our God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Is he great? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's just go to him in prayer. Father, what a great and mighty God that you are. And Lord, what a privileged people we are tonight, Lord, to be able to be called, the elected, chosen, Lord, positionally placed in that body to worship and serve you to be your matchpiece. Lord, you was looking for character, Father, and you found it right here, Lord, in Elton, Kentucky, a people called out, separated for your name's sake. And Lord, we're so thankful tonight that you've called us. You put a desire in our hearts to worship you, to serve you, Lord, to love you, Father, to to let all the things of this world, Lord, go and be set aside. And God, we just come tonight on a a midweek service, Father, just to draw strength from you. And we pray that you will, Lord, not only anoint the lips of the speaker, but anoint the ears of the hearer, Lord, that we both can be in sync with what the spirit would want to be want to say and what would want to be heard, Father. So we just commit this service to you now, Father. And every life, every need, every situation. May you supply it. Speak to the hearts and lives, Lord, and just anchor the word to us tonight, Lord. May we get grounded and tie our souls, Lord. If it would, as we would say, Lord, to that tpost of the absolute, Lord, by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, we pray you'd just grant it now. Bless this time in Jesus name. Amen. If you have your Bibles, we're going to turn to Jeremiah 29. We're going to pick back up where we spoke on on uh Sunday morning. I want to speak to you on the eternal thoughts of God materializing a word bride, but this will be a part two and we just want to bring greetings again and just say what a great time we've had here spending a few days with Lauren and Weston. Weston's probably getting He didn't know he didn't know what he bargained for. When you marry the Duro, you marry the family. He's like good gravy. He got the family plus family plus friends and family plus another church. So, but we're we've had a great time here. Enjoyed the fellowship with different ones. Uh, brother Thomas and I got to spend a little bit of time this morning together. And, you know, he's a fisherman. I'm not. And it proved today I caught every log and every branch up and down that creek. But, we had a great time. Uh, he can tell you stories later. He probably like, "Man, this guy's going to have to have some practice. But uh we had a good time. I was glad to be able to spend some time with him. Brother Thomas, you become a dear friend and I appreciate your friendship. But now we want to turn to the word and I'm not going to hold you very long. I know we have the group that's going to Ohio in the morning and those that are uh being the chaperones and driving. I want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart uh for the rental of the buses and allowing our church family to come up here and tag along and be a part of that. Thank you for the burden for the young people. this message and I pray that the young people you come back changed. &gt;&gt; Don't just go to go, but go with an intent to get something from God. &gt;&gt; If you know there's something something lacking in your life, go and pray and trust God to complete what's lacking and he'll do it. Uh and us parents are going to be fasting. We're going to be praying. We're going to support you while you're away. And we're going to believe in that God's going to do exceed and abundantly above all that we can even ask or think. So we go here tonight Jeremiah 29:11. For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, sayeth the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end. Then you shall call upon me, and you shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you, and you shall seek me and find me, when you shall search for me with all your heart, and I will be found of you, sayaeth the Lord, and I will turn away your captivity, and I will gather you from all the nations and from all the places, whether I've driven you, sayaeth the Lord, and I will bring you again into the place whence I've caused you to be carried away captive. God bless you. You can have your seats tonight. I got nobody on the front row. What in the world happened to my hobgger family? I scared you. I apologize, guys. Look at them. All of them. H. Even Gideon's hiding back. Gideon, you were my buddy. We still buddies. All right. Good. So, my my my I ran them all off the front row. So, we're going to take this thought again tonight. As like I said, I have plenty of material here. I'm not sure how much we're going to go through tonight because I want to be very mindful. Some of you are getting up very early in the morning to drive to Ohio. But we want to look at this thought here and we find therefore I know the thoughts that I think toward you. And that word thought again is purpose and plan. So God knows the purpose for our lives. He knows the plans for our lives. And we dig in here a little bit into the church age book and we look into Samrna church age. Brother man will tell us before there was a speck of stardust before God was even God. God as an object of adoration and no one was there to worship him. So it was just it was just time only. He was potentially God. He said he was only known as the eternal spirit. But he said the bride was already in his mind. &gt;&gt; So I know I preached very fast the other day and may maybe more evangelistic. I may slow that down because I want this to anchor in your your soul tonight that you recognize where you come from. Because when you recognize that you're a bride and you come from the very mind and the very thoughts of God, then there's nothing that can uh uh destroy you. There's nothing that can get you off your walk. Young people, there's nothing that can sideline you. You're going to be straight on this word. You're going to continue to serve God. So, it's vital that we understand where we come from. We didn't just happen to be. You just didn't wasn't just born in Kentucky or just ended up at Elton at uh Eveningite Tabernacle here. You just didn't God didn't just place you here. Your family didn't just place you here. And God didn't just place you in that family. God has a purpose and a plan for everything and every one of our lives this morning. But he said he was only eternal spirit. But even as eternal spirit, the bride was already in his mind. &gt;&gt; The bride. &gt;&gt; Come on, bride. That you recognize who you are tonight. You were already in his mind. He said, "Yes, she was. She was existing in his thoughts. And what are those thoughts of God? They are eternal. Are they not? &gt;&gt; So this is in the church age. Then we go beyond the opening of the seven seals in Christ a mystery. And I want you to realize after the opening of the seals, the Bible became a new book. &gt;&gt; Church, when God used a prophet, God, he was a prophet from 47 to 65. But something happened. He didn't even recognize himself as the uh Elijah minister or the Elijah of Malachi 4 until 1960. Realize he evolved in his understanding. He evolved in his revelation as well as we evolve in our revelation. But we find here that in no other time, no other age that God ever sent a prophet that that actually went into the back part of God's mind &gt;&gt; until this age, &gt;&gt; until the seals were open to hear. God sent a prophet down after the opening of the seals. Now become a new book. Now a prophet goes into the back part of God's mind. And he says he said God had a secret mystery. He had it before the world began back in the back part of God's mind. There was something that he was trying and going to achieve and he had a motive in doing it in order to let himself be expressed. God was gonna have a bride all the way from the very back part of his mind. God had you in his thinking. God had you there and it's gone down through six church ages. But in the final church age with the final voice to the final age. God came down through a vindicated prophet to tell you where you came from. &gt;&gt; You just just happen to be you come from the very back part of God's mind. And God had a mystery. God had a purpose. God had a motive for doing that &gt;&gt; cuz God desired a bride. &gt;&gt; He didn't want to just dwell alone. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Won, you didn't just want to dwell alone. That's a good answer, son. No, we don't want to just dwell alone with our empty thoughts and empty house. Think about his house. All of eternity. Yeah, &gt;&gt; God by himself. &gt;&gt; Oh, and then we find, listen what the prophet would say in Christ the mystery. He says, "Now in the back part of God's mind, there was something he was trying and he was going to achieve and he had a motive in doing it in order to let himself be expressed. There wasn't even a moon, a star, an atom, a molecule, or anything. He was God. But he said he wasn't exactly or he exactly wasn't God at that time because God is an object of worship and there was nothing to worship him. So in his great mind he wanted these attributes to be expressed. &gt;&gt; In him was love. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; In him was to be a father. In him was to be a son. In him was to be a savior. In him was to be a healer. All these great attributes that we see already expressed, they were in God. But notice the the Baptist didn't have this understanding. And some of us, we may have not come out of the Baptist, maybe it's Pentecostal. Even the Pentecostals in the, you know, early beginnings, the 1900s, even to, you know, in the the era that brother Brandon was here in the 40s, 50s, and 60s, it wasn't to that group. &gt;&gt; It went over their head. They didn't realize. They just thought, well, you know, he was a great healer. you know, as long as he was healing the sick, as long as he was, you know, had the sign in the hand. But when the ministry turned from the first pool and the second pool and it moved into the third pool, which is the opening of the word, they begin to deject the prophet. They begin to reject his ministry because it wasn't for them. It was for you and I tonight. It was for that elect of God. And only the elect of God will receive the vindication of this message. It's not for everybody. &gt;&gt; So look around at your neighbor. Say, "I'm not just anybody. I'm somebody tonight. I'm the bride of Jesus Christ." &gt;&gt; That devil may have been beating you around the st on your feelings. Well, I don't feel like I'm saved. I don't feel like I'm this. I don't feel like I'm that. It ain't based on your feelings. It's based on what the word declares you are. &gt;&gt; And it shows you in the back part of God's mind, you were there. &gt;&gt; What did he tell Job? Job, where were you? &gt;&gt; Where were you before all the calamity? Where were you before you lost your children? Where were you before you lost your wealth? Where were you before your wife turned against you? &gt;&gt; Where were you, Job, before the sons of God shouted? &gt;&gt; Job, you were in my thinking. Job, you were in my thoughts. &gt;&gt; So God knew that Job was going to come through. Why else would God tell the the devil, "Have you considered my servant Job?" He already knew where Job came from. He already saw Job overcoming. He already saw Job in victory. And if he saw Job in that position, what about his bride tonight in the same position as an overcomer as a devil defeater? church. That's you tonight. God sees you victorious. &gt;&gt; But notice, let's keep going. I said I was going to try to slow down. The word is too rich, brother Tommy. &gt;&gt; Listen what he says. So the first thing he made was angels. And then they worshiped him and that made him God. And when angels began to worship him, that was before there was a molecule in the earth. Before he ever blew the solar systems off his hand, he created angels. But listen how a prophet begins to try to tie all this together. There was nothing. It was darkness. There wasn't no sun, no moon, no stars, no nothing. Then he was God. See, God had a purpose and a hidden mystery. Notice again on this hidden mystery. It was hidden down through church ages. &gt;&gt; God had hid it down through six church ages. But in the seventh, in the final church age, not through reformers Martin Luther, John Wesley, but through a vindicated prophet would he be to unveil the mind of God. unveil God to a people but also unveil to the people who they are and where they came from. So, brother B says, he goes, "So, you can see here basically in the beginning, the very thought that God had in his mind, he hid it from those scholars." The very thought that he had, well, you you know, you talk to a Baptist theologian or a Methodist theologian or a Pentecostal theologian, and if you're not careful, they'll tie you up on theology. But we're not talking about theology this evening. We're talking about the word. And God hid the very secret from the the from the scholars, from the theologians. And he says just a number, a selected predestinated number, a predestinated people was the only ones that heard it. &gt;&gt; Oh, somebody should say amen to that. If you heard that eagle scream, if you heard from your theophony, it shows you this evening that you are that selected predestinated person. cuz not everybody's hearing this call. Not everybody's hearing this message, but only the selected elected of God are hearing it. &gt;&gt; So otherwise, we can say that it was it wasn't sent to all Christianom. It was only sent for a special class. &gt;&gt; Not the poor. &gt;&gt; Somebody say hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Not the rich. &gt;&gt; I know we ain't got very many rich here, but that's all right. We can say hallelujah. Anyway, &gt;&gt; it's not based on that kind of class system, but a special class of people. &gt;&gt; See, it was only and it is only for the elected predestinated people. The bride are the only ones, church, that are going in the rapture. &gt;&gt; Now, that sounds kind of harsh, doesn't it? You mean all the Christians out there and all the denominational systems, all God's going to call people out of that. But I want you to understand the bride is a selected people, an elected people. &gt;&gt; They're the ones that's going to be dwelling with him in his kingdom. They're not going to be on the outside of the city. They're not going to be servants. There's going to be those that'll be there. But listen what the prophet says in the rapture message. He said, "This rapture that we're talking about is only for the bride." &gt;&gt; Oh my. I figure y'all get a little bit more excited than that. &gt;&gt; Only for the bride. Remember the Bible said the rest of the dead live not for a thousand years. This great rapture, if there's not a rapture, friends, and where are we at? What are we going to do? He says, "What age are we living in? What promise do we have?" There is going to be a rapture. The Bible says there will be. And it will only be for the elected. the elected lady, the bride in this day that's pulled out of the church. &gt;&gt; See, the very word church means called out and Moses called a nation out of a nation. And the Holy Spirit is calling a bride out of a church. &gt;&gt; That's why you can't be yolked up in the nominal systems because he's calling a bride, a bride coming out of call, the bride tree. He says rather, he said, "Is the ones that's going to be in the rapture alone, nothing but the bride, the elected ones, fornown by God from the beginning, the father's spiritual genes." &gt;&gt; Oh my, that's rich. &gt;&gt; See, what was once in God's great secret, great mystery, secret in his mind is now put in the hearts of the believer. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is church. This is wonderful. what was once in the very back part of God's mind. Notice it wasn't revealed in to Paul in Paul's era in his age in Ephesian age. It wasn't revealed in Martin and Luther and Columba and Iranius and Wesley. But no, he waited till the final age. He waited down to the final age to be a final people at the end of the gentile dispensation. Will he begin? Now notice, he called a bride out of all those ages. But it's in this age when we look back and we've seen that there's been previous ages, but there's not coming an eighth age. We're not going for another age and there's not another messenger. But in this age, God's in a vindicated voice to share to you, to express to you the eternal thoughts of God. God done it for you in this age and no other age. No other age tapped into the very secrets of God's mind. Hallelujah. What a people we are. &gt;&gt; What a privilege we have young people to serve God. &gt;&gt; But God's great mystery. What that eternal God had as a mystery has now been unfolded in Jesus Christ. Then given right down to his church. See here it was he put it in the heart of the believer that is the body of Christ. What was once in God's great secret in his mind before the foundation of the world is now made manifest. Remember my my title is the eternal thoughts of God materialized or manifested in a word bride. You are that word bride. You are the manifestation of the eternal thoughts of God. So God's great mystery, what the eternal God had as a mystery has now been unfolded in Jesus then given right down to his church. What was once in God's mind is now in the body of Christ. Jesus making love to his church's bride, whispering secrets to her. So, he's telling her things that he's not going to share with anybody else. Because there's things that I tell my wife, I don't tell anybody else because of our relationship, because of our union together, because of our marriage vows. And I'm telling you, it's the same thing with God. He's not just sharing this with anybody else. &gt;&gt; It's only to those that he has espoused himself to, that he's made a vow to, the one that was in the back part of his mind. Now he says, "Now you know how you tell your wife things, John." Yeah, I got him. You know, this is your prophet. So, let me just quote what the prophet said. You know how you tell your wife things, you know, the little girl you're you're going to marry, you love her so much, you just tell her the secrets and get her up next to you and you love her and you you tell everything. You know how that is, Troy. how it was when you and Robin my wasn't it nice you would just tell her things you wouldn't share it with nobody else that's what we do we and God does the same thing with us he pulls us up close in a service maybe or maybe you've had a bad day you're going through a trial situation seems to be tough and he just pulls you up a little closer and he begins to whisper secrets to you where you come from where you're going that this trial is not too big I've always been there and I'll always be there and no devil no cancer. Nothing can destroy you because why? Because you were a part of me from the very beginning. God begins to share these things. He said that's what God Christ is doing to the church. He's letting her know the secrets, just the secrets, not the flirters out there. I mean his wives. See, having the revelation of his secret made known to them by his grace. So he's not sharing these great revelations or these mystery secrets to just anybody. Young person, recognize that you're privileged &gt;&gt; to have been born in a family that believes the message. You're privileged to be a part of a church that believes the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; Now, I appreciate the denominations. They have their place. Maybe they make good moral people, and that's fine. I'd rather good moral people be out there that I'm rubbing shoulders with versus renegades and and lunatics and things like that. You know, I talked about Hillbilly Hell one of the times I was here. I'd rather have good moral people than hillbilly hells all over the world. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; But we're talking about something that far exceeds just moral character. &gt;&gt; We're talking about a revelation, an understanding of who we are and where we're headed back to. &gt;&gt; Listen what brother Bam says here in the church age in the resume of the church ages. And yet it is the harvest time. There then must come upon the scene in this age those who will bring the wheat and tears to maturity. Now how many of us are tears? That's good. Well taught. Good job. That's right. Not me. I'm not a tear. The tears are already maturing. Brother Bam says very fast under corrupt teachers who turn to people from the word. But the wheat also must mature. And to her, God is sending a prophet messenger with the vindicated ministry that he might be accepted by the elect. See, he's not accepted by the masses. He's not accepted by the nenominations, but he is accepted by the elect. &gt;&gt; See, they will hear him as the first church heard Paul. And she will mature in the word until becoming the word bride. and the mighty works will be found in her that was always attended upon their pure word and faith. Now, brother Bramblewood goes into the Smyrna church age and if you hadn't read the church age, I know brother Brad is going through the church ages with you and I would say look be attentive to that study because it's a very vital study because it grounds you in every doctrine that we believe as message believers. The church age book is a vital book. It's a vital study. Dig in, be a part of it. If you here, if it's on a Wednesday night, don't miss Wednesday night. Be a part and and glean and understand because it wasn't Leave Bell's book. Let me just go ahead and put that out there on the shelf. It was God's God's voice to a people. God was establishing a foundation in which you, if you have a question about any doctrine that we believe, you can go back to the church age book and then you can go back where he preached to church ages prior to the book and find every doctrine that we believe. But he says now in the Smyrna church, the elect were not only the eternal thoughts of God which were to be expressed in flesh in their due season. But these same elect are called by another name. Then he goes into Romans 4 and verse 16. We find that God is has given a sure promise to all of Abraham's seed. So he starts using the word seed and seed gene. Where does seeds originate? is from the male and in the seed line of the male is life. So he's saying in this seed line comes life and he goes and he says now to Abraham seeds and Paul put himself and all believers under that designation because he says Abraham who is a father of us all and he goes on not only to narrow down his definition but rather to finalize it in Galatians 3. He identified deceit singular with Jesus and counted the seed children as children of the promise and promise having to do with election or the choosing of God. Those who are the royal seed are the elect of God are the predestinated fornown of God and were in the mind of God in his thoughts. Then he goes on to say this in very plain English, in very plain language, excuse me, the true bride of Christ was in the mind of God eternally. &gt;&gt; Though not expressed until each came forth in their designated decreed season, each member came forth and became expressed and it took it to it. It it took its place in the body. Thus, the bride is the literal spoken word seed bride. And though she is feminine in designation, she is also called the body of Christ. It is very apparent that she ought to be called that. For she was predestinated in him, came from the same source, was eternal with him, and is now manifesting God in a many membered body. Whereas once God manifested in one member, even our Lord Jesus Christ. So, as I said on Sunday, God was more. He wanted more than just Jesus Christ. He wanted more than just prophets. He wants more than just preachers. His predominant thought has always been about a bride. He wants a bride. And let me tell you, he's going to get what he wants. And to think about this, before there was ever a world, you existed. &gt;&gt; Before God was even God, you existed. Before he ever created the first angel that worshiped him, you existed. Before he blew the solar systems and the worlds off of his hands, you existed in the mind of God. before uh Adam was created and all of creation in the book of Genesis the chapter one there before any of that ever took place. You existed and you existed before you took your first breath. You existed before you made your first mistake. &gt;&gt; You existed before you made that sin or did something wrong before you committed that first act. You existed in the thoughts of God. &gt;&gt; So let me keep going on this. Can I keep going this evening? All right, good. &gt;&gt; He says, "Here, we're coming to a consolation. As the eternal logos, God was manifested in the sun and in Jesus all the fullness of the godhead bi, the eternal one was the father manifest in the flesh and thereby gain heed the title of son." Let me slow that down and let you get that because it's it's imperative here. Here we are coming to a conclusion. as the eternal logos God was manifested in the son Jesus Christ and in Jesus dwelt all the fullness of the godhead bodily and that eternal one was the father manifested in the flesh so it's God now manifested in the flesh of his son Jesus which Jesus is God not two different gods it's one God but Jesus is the physical manifestation of the invisible God &gt;&gt; so we find here in the fullness of the godhead The eternal one was the father now manifest in the flesh and thereby gain he the title of the son. Even so we come on ELT even so we eternal in the thoughts of God in our term became the many members spoken word see manifested in flesh and those eternal thoughts are now manifest in flesh are the sons of God even as we are socalled &gt;&gt; now we did not become seed by the rebirth we were seed and therefore we could be reborn. For only the elect can be reborn &gt;&gt; because see we are seed and that's the reason we could be quickened because in nonseed there's nothing to quicken. &gt;&gt; Oh man, you should just thank God that you've been quickened. &gt;&gt; You just receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You should just I'm not telling you just to relax and just sit on your lungs, but thank God that he you have you've been quickened by this word to where now you realize and brother Bam will go on to tell us it's not the person that comes predestinated but it's the seed that comes predestinated. So that seed was always in God's thinking. Now as I mentioned this on Sunday, if you can see this, you'll see many things. I think I think as a believer, this is one of the most important things we can see. Everybody sees a prophet. &gt;&gt; I mean, we've got message believers that are gung-ho on a prophet. &gt;&gt; We got cults out there hung up on a prophet. &gt;&gt; I mean, they hung up on a prophet, a prophet, a prophet, a prophet. I mean, you go to Africa and they got Christ Brandham. Christ Brandham. They think he is Christ. That's how far gone they have gone on a prophet. and on the ministry. But let me tell you, it was never about William Brandham. &gt;&gt; It's always been about the bride. He's coming for a body. He's coming for a multimember family. He's coming for you, church. &gt;&gt; So, it's imperative that you realize the whole purpose behind William Brandom's existence. The whole purpose behind Elizer coming was to find a bride for Isaac. And you are that bride. And now what we must do is water the power that's going to take us back to our bridegroom. Water this word. Water the ministry with your praise and your worship cuz it's going to be this ministry that takes you back into his presence. &gt;&gt; But listen, he says, "Thus the thoughts of God are eternal. They are real." So I want to look into this word eternal for a minute. And I know I'm not going to have enough time tonight to get through all this, but maybe your pastor will be gracious enough to invite me back at another time. We can dig in a little bit more. Now, that's not me trying to invite myself back, but &gt;&gt; but no, I'm kidding. But look at this word eternal. Now, I brought this out on Sunday, but it means without end or beginning. Never had a beginning, never had an ending. So, we're thinking about the eternal thoughts of God. And you look at yourself, man, I'm 50 years old. No, you're eternal. &gt;&gt; Some of us, we got a new ache, a new pain. You next morning, but you're eternal. &gt;&gt; Some of you are young. You don't know what it means to go through heartache and pain and your body begin to uh debilitate. You don't understand. But yet, you're still eternal. And we find this word eternal means no beginning and no ending. Now, I'm a Mississippi boy. That's where I'm originally from. And my Mississippi brain sometimes can't comprehend eternal. &gt;&gt; Cuz all we know is here and now. &gt;&gt; All we know is pain. All we know is suffering. All we know is, you know, there's mountain top experience, but there's a lot of valleys. &gt;&gt; And for some of us, there's more valleys than anything else. &gt;&gt; But before any of that, it was eternal. We are eternal. And we go here in 1 John 5:11. And I want to dig into this just for a little bit this evening. 1 John 5:11 says, "And this is the record." All right. This is the record that God had given to us eternal life. And this life is in his son. That word life there is Zoey. It's the logos. It's God's own life. &gt;&gt; Notice how John will put it. And this is the record. It's not up for debate. &gt;&gt; The life that we have been given is the logos, God himself. Now, not not in the full manifestation, but in a partiality. &gt;&gt; We have a portion of God through the Holy Ghost. Notice then he goes on, he that hath the son hath life. He that hath not the son hath not life. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, you might wonder, this is where when we think about eternal life, a lot of times if we're, let's just be honest, we think about eternal life, we think heaven, and we think hell, don't we? &gt;&gt; Come on, church. We think heaven. Eternal life is heaven. Yeah, but no. Listen what your prophet says about it. You might wonder now when can we use the word eternal and not use it in a way that we have been taught. So he's correcting the error of ages on the word eternal. See that is easy. Let me just break off this. When I first came to the message actually when I first gave my heart to the Lord I thought that going to hell meant you were going to it's eternal. You going to burn forever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and keep on burning. And my mom, who wasn't a Christian at the time, she and I went round and round and round and round because she grew up in the message. And when I was born about two years old, she left the message, but she had enough in her still to realize that hell wasn't eternal. And we fought like cats and dogs. I said, "How in the world you going to tell me about heaven and hell when you ain't even living right?" But she was right. But I didn't know that at the time, Brother Thomas, and I dug in because I was obstinate. But listen what your prophet says about it. Now you might wonder when can we use that word eternal and not using the way that we've been taught. That is easy when it applies to God. It means without beginning or end or ever enduring and never ceasing. Women is talking about God. &gt;&gt; All right? And when you talk of eternal life, he goes, you have that in mind which is the life of God. This is the record that God has given to us life and the life is in his son. He that hath the son hath life. Now then, only sons of God have life eternal. Only sons of God have life eternal without beginning without ending. The kind that never had a beginning but always was. That is right. You have something in you right now that is eternal without beginning or end. It is the spirit of God. It is the part of God himself. It is the life of God. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; He goes, I can see eternity break come down in time since Eden. And when it did there, there came a line of blood all the way down upon Calvary. And from Calvary tied with this line and goes to tie the post, it goes to the top post, Jesus. And someday when he comes to claim his own, everyone that's tied to the ultimate will be raised up in eternity. Lord, &gt;&gt; you say, "Why, brother John? why we're going to be raised up in eternity. Your prophet says cuz they have been in eternity all the time. That's where you were in the very beginning. And when he comes to claim his own church, you've been tied to the ultimate, the Lord Jesus Christ. And then when he gives up begin to pull on that bloodline, he's going to pull you right back up into eternity again. &gt;&gt; He says they were predestinated in eternity. They are part of God. They were in his thing at the beginning. And when that big rope is pulled or the line of blood, that token I was speaking of, when it comes up from the earth, everyone that was included in that blood will be dropped right back into eternity again. We come from God, we're going back to God. We came from eternity. We're going back to eternity. Only thing is, we bypassed our theophony and we come down to be tested. But let me tell you, we're going back to a word body. The same way Melazdc came in a word body, the same way Jesus Christ came in a word body, we're going back to a word body &gt;&gt; to be the materialized thoughts of God. Listen now, if a sinner is going to hell and then suffer the same as you and I are going to going to heaven and enjoy heaven, then he has the same kind of life that we have already. So if we say that a sinner is going to h going to hell he's going to he's going to suffer as long as we're enjoying the benefits of heaven. He said then we saying he has the same life as us. Brother Bam goes on he says now then right he goes then there might be those who say eternal life signifies the welfare of the children of God. It is their welfare and their enjoyment that is at stake. On the other hand, the sinner goes to his punishment so that he can reduce the second death to a matter of punishment in place. Eternal life means heaven and eternal punishment means hell. How many of you been taught that that eternal life is heaven, heaven, heaven, heaven. And eternal punishment is hell, hell, hell. He goes, you would be surprised at the men who have been exalted as theologians that believe that. But do you know what that does? It makes eternal life a matter of geography instead of a person. Eternal life is God, &gt;&gt; not a location, not a geography, not heaven, not hell. It's a person. And that person is Jesus Christ. And you were in his thoughts. &gt;&gt; That's where you were. We say we're going to heaven. No, we're going back to the mind of God, back to eternity again. And it just so happens that our heavenly father dwells in heaven. &gt;&gt; But eternal life is not heaven or hell. It's God, the Lord Jesus Christ. How anyone could believe such a thing that eternal life is a matter of place is more than I know. It makes me stagger, he says, to think of it. &gt;&gt; So, I want to bring correction. Not that we're not taught correctly here, but because when I saw this and I read this quote, it just jumped off the page that, you know, because we think I'm going to heaven. You know, we just focus on heaven. That's eternal life. But that's not it. We're going to heaven. Yes. But eternal life is the Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; And we we &gt;&gt; come from him. &gt;&gt; So we come from eternity. We're going back to eternity. Yeah. &gt;&gt; He said there's only one kind of eternal life. God has it. If we have God, we have eternal life and through him. So you see the word eternal or everlasting can be applied in various ways. But when it applies to God, he's being what he is, it is has it has one meaning. It's a dur it is the duration of God. You can't apply it like that to any other thing. God alone is eternal. And because he lives, we live also. Amen. &gt;&gt; And the Bible goes on to tell us in Revelations 21:7, "He that overcometh shall inherit all things, and I will be his God, and he shall be my son. But the fearful, unbelieving, and abominable, and the murderers, and the whoreongers, and the sorcerers, and idolattors, and the liars, they shall have their part in the lake, which burneth with fire and brimstone, which is the second death." That word part there means destiny. Brother Bram goes on to say, it means time. They're going to have their time because he's going to take he's going to take hell and he's going to throw it into the lake of fire and it's going to obliterate and those people are never going to be again. But for you and I who are the eternal thoughts of God will always be. Satan, his angels are all going to be cast into the lake of fire. Oh my So, we think about what does it mean then, brother Joe, to be redeemed and I'm going to I'm going to start wrapping this up. I'm I'm not closing, you know, because I'm at 30,000 ft. I got to lower the plane a little bit, pull back. But think about what it means to be redeemed. And brother goes in, he says, redeemed means to be brought back and put in its right position. &gt;&gt; Its right position. to redeem anything or something that's went out or it's out of its natural place, its real place. And to redeem it is to bring it back to its place. &gt;&gt; So that's exactly what this message does for you and I. It brings us back to our original position. &gt;&gt; It places us back in sunship, fellowship with God again. it. This message gives us the reality or the revelation, let me say it that way, the revelation of where we were. &gt;&gt; And it places us though we're not physically there, but the Bible says that we're already seated in heavenly places, which is the believer's position in Christ. And so through the message of Malachi 4th, through the vindication of a prophet ministry, what has it done? It takes us out of denominations, out of the systems of bride, out of a church and places her back in the word to where you can see I come from God. I'm going back to God. &gt;&gt; So I say it again, and I don't mean to harp on this, but the message is not about William Brandham. &gt;&gt; And this message isn't William Brandham. This message is Christ. It's the revelation of Christ to his bride. He just happened to use a seventh grade Kuckian and all of Kentucky. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, come on, Kentucky. If he was from Mississippi, I promise you I'd be kicking my heels right now. But God used the seventh grade showing you it ain't about the intellect of a man. When you think about this message, you think about the books that he read. I mean, some books that will blow your mind theological. And yet, God inspired him and gave him understanding to glean what we have need of out of those books. &gt;&gt; But not only that, an angel would visit him &gt;&gt; and begin to reveal to him the things of God. Think about the the seven seals and what brother Brandham was going to do. Brother Brandham was going to come and preach something he had already preached what he thought the right horse rider was. And he was about to come. He was going to go out and pull his notes out from when he preached it years ago when he was there at the tabernacle. But yet before he went out, God almighty because God was mindful of you. He wasn't just mindful of a prophet. He was mindful of the people that was about to receive that word. And God could not let his prophet go out there and tell you something that wasn't right. And so Phy stopped his prophet and came down and met with him and gave him the understanding and the revelation of the first message or the first seal, the second seal, the third seal, all the way down to the seventh seal. And he opened it up and it become a new book to you and I. Oh, church. So redemption. Now, I don't know how I got off on all that, but let's go back to redemption. Means the devil put you in a pawn shop, but Jesus Christ come and taken you out. &gt;&gt; Come on, somebody. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I was in a pawn shop, locked up till I was 20ome years old, but God came by, &gt;&gt; let me out of that pawn shop. And listen what your prophet says about it. He said, "There's always a ransom to be paid with anything that is redeemed. Jesus was our ransom. God sent him, made him in the likeness of sinful flesh. Yet he was Emmanuel, God with us, and created a blood that dwelt within him. And he gave his blood for the redemption price to redeem us back into reconciliation to God that mui may walk with him as in the beginning. &gt;&gt; I'm telling you, a prophet is placing you exactly where you need to be. &gt;&gt; That's right. And in the beginning when he didn't have to ship, talking about man, when man in the beginning when he didn't have to ship for himself, God provided everything he had need of. But after he got reckless and shiftless and done wrong and sin separated him from God, then he had to ship for himself. And now Jesus came to redeem this man back into the care of his hands of a loving father. Redemption brought back, replaced, put in position. If you had been in a pawn shop and you went and you redeemed it. How many's ever been to a pawn shop? How many's ever bought something from a pawn shop? There you go, Adrienne. Raise that hand up, girl. Yeah, I'm a pawn shop bookie. You go get something. You got a receipt. Listen what your prophet says. If you've been redeemed something in a pawn shop, you redeemed it. You got a receipt. How can you redeem it again? And we got people coming to service after service after service. They fall, they come back and and want to get redeemed all over again. Brother said, "It ain't redeeming and redeeming and redeeming." He said, "It's eternal redemption. You've already been redeemed. You got a ticket in your hand. You can't be redeemed again. You've already been redeemed." Young person, know that tonight when you go to camp, you've already been redeemed. Oh, I love how he says it. You're redeemed once forever. That's right. No more redeemed, redeem, redeem, eternal redemption. He that hearth my words and believeth on him that sent me has eternal life and shall never come into judgment, but has passed from death into unto life because he has believed on the only begotten son that has now has eternal life and redemption. And in Romans 8, the Bible says there is therefore now. &gt;&gt; Can somebody say now? present time, present tense. At this time, there is therefore now no condemnation, no punishment, no damnatory sentence to them which are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. And that word in Jesus Christ or that phrase there means you're united in Christ. It denotes a close intimate relationship. the one he's whispering his secrets to. Not some harlot on the street, not some prostitute, not these flurers. But see, the union between Christ and his people is compared to a branch and a vine. And the branch receives strength and nourishment from the vine. &gt;&gt; And that's where we receive our strength and our nourishment. And the Bible tells us in 2 Corinthians 5:17, "Therefore, if any man is in Christ, he's a new creation. &gt;&gt; Old things are passed away, and all things become new. And all things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and has given to us the ministry of reconciliation. Let me try to find a place here. I can start kind of I only gone through about three pages. Romans 8:31. Romans 8:31. Let's go there. 8:31. Somebody needs to hear this tonight. Why will the overcomer go into the rims of eternal life and bliss? We start wrapping this up. I'm not going to be just a few more minutes. Why will this overcomer and we think about here and we go back to Romans 8:2. It says the law of the spirit of life is Christ Jesus had made me free from the law of sin and death. For what the law could not do in that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh. For sin he condemned sin in the flesh that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are after the spirit the things of the spirit. For to be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Because the carnal mind is immity against God, for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. So then they that are of the flesh cannot please God. You young people hear that? They that are of the flesh. When you start gratifying flesh, when you start catering to the flesh and to its desires, you're not pleasing God. But ye are not of the flesh, but in the spirit. If so be that the spirit of God dwell in you. If any man have not the spirit of Christ, and he is none of his. And if Christ be in you, then the body is dead because of sin, but the spirit is life because of righteousness. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you. And brother Bam says, "Now why will this overcomer, this believer escape and go into the realms of eternal bliss? Because Jesus paid the price to ransom for all of his sin. He filled the gap of separation. We who were far off are now made nigh by the blood." And he says, "And there they will never come into condemnation. They will never be in the lake of fire. They can never be lost. For he will lose none." He says, "Not one of the redeemed will be anywhere except where Jesus is." &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Now, when I was out in the Baptist church, there was a they they they they had this illustration and they use Romans, the book of Romans, and they talk about a bridge illustration because there's a gap, a big void, or we're going to call it a chasm between an eternal God and a fallen man. In the Bible, we realize that when man fell, there was no way for man to get back unless God provided or accepted a substitute. And we understand that he accepted the blood of bulls and goats. But the blood of bulls and goats could only just cover it would not annihilate, it would not completely eradicate that. And but we find but when God God was foreshadowing what he was going to do through the blood of bulls and goats, he was going to send the ransom. He was going to send a lamb that was going to be slain before the foundation of the world. And we find here that we find when this man sinned, he separated himself from God. He crossed a great big chasm, put himself on death on the other side, and he was there, and there was no way for him to get back. But he said when Jesus when he sent Jesus to pay the ransom, what did Jesus do? He didn't just bridge the chasm. He completely removed the chasm. And now man stands in perfect harmony with his maker again. Why? Because he's put him back on the other side of time, back into the mind of God. He goes, "What happens to a son? He becomes in perfect fellowship with the father again, standing on the other side of the chasm with no remembrance of sin against him." Then he goes on, "Once confessed, once confessed in the blood of Jesus Christ, it's forgotten. There's no more sin. You're free from sin. There's no sin about it. It's not because of you that you deserve it, but because of grace of God that you are." And there there's not even a chasm there. Man and God become father and son. There's no sin at all. He puts them in the sea of the bleach of forgiveness and cannot even remember them anymore. The sin once confessed is he goes in the right way. You don't even bridge the chasm. You take the chasm completely away. And God don't even never know that you sin. Why? Because he justified you. Just as if you never done it in the first place. What did he do? He took you from this side of the chasm, this side of the fall, and put you right back into the mind of God where you never sin in the first place. &gt;&gt; Musicians, come. I'm going to end on this note right here. Let me find it. indivisible union. Listen where your prophet places you. You are standing completely justified as though you never did it at the beginning. This is my message to the church. Now, &gt;&gt; as we go off the air, notice this is in November of 65. He's not going to be around but another month. He goes, "You are standing." If you're standing on God's word with God's word, every amen, every jot, every tit, he says, "Where you're standing, I'm trying to tell you, pull away from the shucks. Get out here in the wheat where you can ripe before the sun. I hear the comes coming. You're standing complete, justified, like you never did it in the first place. Hallelujah. You are the pure, virtuous, sinless bride of the son of the living God. Every man and woman that's born of the spirit of God and washed in the blood of Jesus Christ and believes every word of God says as though you never sinned in the first place. You are the sinless virtuous bride of Jesus Christ going back to the mind of God. You never sinned to begin with. You never worked. You were accused of by the accuser. But from the beginning, church, you're perfect, sinless, virtuous bride of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Tonight, you can't fall. You can't fail. God's already seen you overcoming tonight. You're standing completely. You never sin in the first place. God don't even know about it. Woo! Oh, what a glorious thing. You're the virtuous bride of Christ, washed in the blood of Christ. precious, virtuous, sinless son of God standing with a pure, unadulterated bride. The eternal thoughts of God materialized in a word bride. Oh, but I got imperfections. But that's fine cuz he ain't looking at this. He's looking for that seed. And because that seed is there, remember it's the seed that comes predestinated. And because that seed is there, you can't help but to hear from the papa. You can't help but hear that eagle scream. And brother Bam says, he said, "When that eagle, mama, eagle screamed out, that eagle down that chicken yard, he didn't know. He just heard something." Ah, it was a familiar voice. &gt;&gt; Something spoke. I'm like, "Woo, &gt;&gt; where'd that come from?" Never heard that before. All he was used to hear was cluck, cluck, cluck, cluck, cluck, cluck, cluck. Oh, but mama eagle screamed out a second time. A a second pull. &gt;&gt; Flap them wings. Oh, but mama, I'm scared. All I've ever known was this chicken yard. But she screamed out one more time a third ministry through the opening of the word. And he grabbed those big wings and he begin to fly. and they begin to fly. Church, I'm here to tell you tonight in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, flap those eagle's wings through the third pool, the opening of the word, and so into the heavenlies. We're going back to the mind of God. Take it, brother. That's where we're going, church. I enjoyed that tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; That was good. Who am I that a king would lead and I fold? Who am I that he would pray? Not my will thine, Lord. Well, the answer I may never know. Why ever love me so? But to an old rugged cross he'd go for who am I? And I think of how he came so far from glory. Mary may dwell among the lonely such as I to suffer shame and such disgrace on Mount Calvary. Take my place. Then I ask myself this question. Who am I? Who am I that a king would plead and die for? Who am I that he would pray? Not my will thine for. Well, the answer I may never know why he ever loved me so. But to an old rugged cross, he'd go for who I am. Now, let's sing. Who I am. Who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now who I am. A part of my savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation. It's pre who I am. Oh, glorious victory. The day he set me free. me and made my heart his very throne. My life is no longer mine. I'm a prisoner of love divine. Now I live to praise his name. I'm just glad to know we are who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now. Who I am. A part of my savior. a part of his word. It's a revelation. It's pretty vi on Calary. He died to redeem his lost bride. The king of kings became my savior. This is God's great mystery. Love expressed to me that Christ died I might be made. Who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now who I am. A part of my savior. A part of his word. It's a revelation. It's pre. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I know that other another part of that verse goes it's a it's a revelation. It's predestination of who I am. Amen. Maybe someday we will get the full concept of that and when we get over to glory and that just goes to something more than our finite mind, we're probably going to have us a good running fit over there. Don't you reckon? Amen. God bless each and every one of you. I certainly envy our young people. Amen. Because you get to go into having a bunch of meetings like this where the sweetness of the Holy Spirit is. I believe you're going to have a good time. How many of you young folks believe you're going to have a good time? Amen. A wonderful time in the Lord. Amen. And boy, I just pray God will do miracles. Amen. So, we're praying for you. Safe travels to you tomorrow morning early. Amen. And God bless you. Remember, Brother Brad, he's traveling back tonight. He went to brother Joseph's to minister this evening. And he also won't be ministering this Sunday because brother Joseph asked him if he would help him out this coming Sunday also. So, Lord willing, if you'll pray for me, we'll try to minister this weekend and and next next Wednesday. in and brother Brad will take the following Sunday. Okay. Amen. Everybody happy? &gt;&gt; Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, as we come to the close of this service, we want to say it has been good to be in the house of the Lord, Lord, and to hear your precious word, Father, that you once again by your spirit told us your very secrets, love secrets, Father, that was hid from from the world and from peoples for generations, from times, Lord. And only in this generation, Lord, did you truly pour it out out pour it all out to let us know what you had in your mind, Lord, before there was a stardust, before there was anything, Lord. And how beautiful, our brother Job brought that out, how that when Job was going through his sufferings, through the hardest part of his trials, that God would come down and say, "Gop your loins like a man," and he would tell him, "Where was you when the sons of God shouted for joy? Where was you?" Amen. And so in the midst of all of his trials, God was telling him, I know exactly what you was going through. You was on my mind before the foundation of the world. And Lord, we're so grateful, Lord Jesus, to know that each one in here believes that same thing, that we are a part of you before the first star, before the first molecule was ever created. Lord, thank you, Lord Jesus. And we ask, God, that you'll just be with us and go with each one, Father, both here and those that are streaming. Lord, may you walk close to us tomorrow, Father. Lord, tomorrow, if there is a tomorrow, we ask, God, that you'd help us to walk the way that Enoch walked, Lord, because we realize one of these mornings, Father, we're not going to be because you will have taken us, Lord. And that's the hour that we're waiting for and longing for. Bless now in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Who I am, Lord. who I am. You're dismissed in the name of the Lord. I can see now who I am. a part of my
