################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-17 - Bro Matthew Langley • 71625 • Wed. • Maturing into our Identity - Matthew Langley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-17
Title:    Bro Matthew Langley • 7/16/25 • Wed. • Maturing into our Identity
Speaker:  Matthew Langley
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 50m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwqXhNrcJzw
========================================

Description:
Bro Matthew Langley • 7/16/25 • Wed. • Maturing into our Identity
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Walk with you, Jesus. Stand with me tonight if you will. Lord, never leave me alone. For without you I could never [Music] make heaven my home. Let's sing it one more time. So let me walk with you Jesus. [Music] never leave me. Oh, for without you I could never [Music] make heaven my home. Let's give the Lord a clap offering this evening. Thank you, Lord Jesus. We welcome you into into this building tonight. Amen. Brother Danny, come up and open up for you for a service this evening. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. How many is looking forward to a good time in the Lord? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Dear Lord God, we come with open hearts, open arms, praying, Lord that you would just come in our midst, Lord, tonight. just uh speak to your people, Lord, tonight. Help us, Lord, to grow close to you, Lord. May you anoint this service here tonight, Lord. We come expecting come expecting tonight. We don't just want we just don't we don't want to go here the same way, leave here the same way we came. We want to go change people closer to you, Lord God. So we pray that you anoint every part of the service. Lord, we we know that you're here. We can feel your presence here tonight. And Lord, we surrender everything to you. May may our minds be upon you completely, Lord. Not let the things things through through work and things that are going on occupy our minds, but let it be on you. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, we have uh just in case anybody don't know who's speaking tonight. Amen. Brother Steve Langley's son, his oldest son, Matthew. Amen. Matthew Langley. So, he started preaching not so awful long ago. And so, he was coming down this way. And so, I want to hear I want to hear what the Lord will speak through him. Amen. How many I'm expecting? So, we're certainly looking forward to it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Also, it's an honor to have uh Brother Juwel and Sister Vanessa with us. Amen. &gt;&gt; Warriors. Amen. Praise the Lord. We just Amen. enjoyed the little bit of time that we got to spend with Brother Juwel. Uh Amen. watching him pull out a few of them bluegills off of that bank this, you know, this morning. So, Amen. I tried to teach him to jerk, but he was just kind of reeling and I'm like, jerk, jerk. But anyway, he caught a few of them. We had a good time. So, praise the Lord. So, God bless you. We're glad to have them. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. And also, I just I feel led to go ahead and Amen. if it be all right. Amen. We'd like to just take a love offering for him this evening. Let our offering go to them. Amen. Would that be okay? Amen. We appreciate him. Amen. God bless you. Amen. We'll turn the service over to brother Joshua. Child, your cries have awoken the master. Crossing the calm sea with Jesus, the disciples were getting concerned. The wind started violently blowing, but he was asleep in the stern. And does he not care that we perish? We're helpless and we're so afraid. Jesus arose when they called him and said to them, "Where is your faith? Because you prayed all night. Cuz you held on with all of your might. Child, your cries have awoken. the master [Music] for he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice, child. Your cries have awoken. the master [Music] and it hit you without any warning. The storm of your life had begun and seeing no hope in the distance. You're frightened and nowhere to run. And by now your vessel is filling and you're thinking that you'll surely drown. You cry out for help from the Savior. And you know you can't give up now because you prayed all night. Cuz you held on with all of your might. Child, your cries have awoken. The master for he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice, child. Your Christ have awoken the master because you prayed all night. And because you prayed all night, cuz you held on with all of your might, child, your cries have awoken. the master for he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice. [Music] Have awoken the master. [Music] Amen. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. My boat of life sails on a troubled sea. Every there's a wind in my sail. [Music] But I have a friend who watches over me when the breeze turns into a game. A hundo the master of the wind. A I know the maker of the rain and he can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Sometimes I soar like an eagle in the sky. Among the peaks my soul can be found. But an unexpected storm may drive me from the heights. It may bring me low, but it can never bring me down. For I know the master of the wind. I know the maker who of the rain. And he can calm the storm. and make the sun shine again. I know the master of the wind. Let's sing that second verse one more time. Sometimes I soar like an eagle in the sky. Among the peaks my soul can be found. But an unexpected storm may drive me from the high. It may bring me low, but it'll never bring me down. A handle the master of the wind. Ao the maker of the rain. [Applause] He can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. [Music] I know the master of the wind. Amen. Isn't that a privilege we have this evening? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing that song before we go to praise you and take it to the Lord in prayer. What a friend we have in Jesus. Amen. Who has a need this evening? Amen. Let's just sing this and lift it up for the Lord. What a friend we have in Jesus. All our sins and grief to bear. [Applause] And what a privilege to carry and everything to God in prayer and know what peace we forfeit. Oh, what needless pain we bear and all because we do not care [Music] to God in prayer. And have we trials and tempt nations? Is there trouble anywhere? [Music] He should never be dispersed. Bridge. Just take it to the Lord in prayer. And can we find a friend so faithful? Who will all our sorrow share? Poor Jesus knows our every just take it to the Lord in prayer. And are we weak and heavy laden? Come bird with the Lord of care. preious savior still our reuge take it to the Lord in prayer and do thy friends despise forsake thee Take it to the Lord in prayer. [Music] For in his arms he'll take and she will be. Thou will find a soulless. What a friend we have in Jesus. Oh, what a friend we have in Jesus. all our sins and griefs to bear. [Music] And what a privilege to carry everything to God in prayer. Amen. You may be seated this evening. We just play that softly. And brother Danny and brother Michael John, brother Caleb to come for the offering this evening. Amen. We have a couple prayer requests written down. Brother Mooney asked if we'd remember Sister Kathy. She's not feeling well tonight. And Sister Natalie also asked if we'd remember Courtney in prayer. She goes for a consolation tomorrow morning. Amen. We're just believing for a good report. Amen. Amen. Brother Glenn, if you'd stand and take these needs before the Lord this evening, this offering. [Music] [Music] Man, sister Laura has a special for us this morning. Okay, Mary, as I get her set up this evening, let's just sing I love you, Lord. And I'll lift my voice. She needs a microphone. Oh, I love you, Lord. [Music] And I lift my voice to worship you. Oh my soul, rejoice, my king in what you hear. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. [Music] Hey, good. Hey, hey, hey. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Thank you, Sister Laura. I appreciate every time she's here with her saxophone. Amen. Let's stand this evening. We're invite brother Matt to come. And as he does, let's sing shout to the Lord this evening. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort, my shelter, tower of refuge and strength. Let every breath and all that I am never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty praise to the king. The mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. And I sing for joy at the works of your hands. [Music] I'll stand. Nothing compares to the proise I have in you. Let's sing that again. My Jesus, my Savior, Lord, there's none like you all of my days. I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort, my shelter, power of reuge and strength. Let every breath all that I am never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty, praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. [Applause] I sing for joy at the works of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Let's just bow our heads. Jesus, we're coming before you so thankful, Lord, for everything you've done for us. Our finite minds, we can't even comprehend everything you've done, Lord. Just the reality that we live in, Lord. Even right now, the power of your word is holding us together. It's holding all this reality together. Everything that happens, Lord, is in the palm of your hand, Lord. The blessings, the things we enjoy, as well as the trials and the things we don't like so much. But Jesus, we just need to learn to trust you more and more and just place ourselves in rest in knowing that you've got it all in control and you've got our best in mind. Lord, I just ask that you'll speak to us this evening, Lord, and just draw us closer to you. In your name, amen. Amen. Y'all may be seated. Good evening. Y'all seen me up here before, but normally when I was singing and not so much this here. This is a new development started about a year and a half ago, I think. Something like that. Anyway, um God brought me kind of to a rock in a hard place, and he reminded me, he called me to preach back when I was in my teens and I don't like listening very well. So, I told him no. and it didn't work out too long in the long run. So, here I am. So, anyway, um if we can in our Bibles, turn to 1 Corinthians chapter 13 verses 9 through13. The title of uh this evening's um sermon is going to be maturing into our identity. And before I get into this, I just like to say I was going through some stuff last week and the Lord gave me this sermon and then brother brother Thomas preached Sunday and I was like, "Okay, well maybe we're on the same page here because uh that's definitely God working maturing into our identity." Um 1 Corinthians 13:9 through13. If we could all stand for the first reading of the word. For we know in part, and we prophesy in part. But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away. When I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child, I thought as a child. But when I became a man, I put away childish things. &gt;&gt; For now we see through a glass darkly, but then face to face. Now I know in part, but then shall I know even as also I am known. And now abideth faith, hope, and charity, these three. But the greatest of these is charity. You may be seated. So let's look back at this scripture again. This is Paul. This is the first church age messenger who is a prophet. And he's saying we, he's including himself. He said, "We know in part and we can only prophesy in part." There were things Paul didn't know. God would give Paul prophecies. Absolutely. In fact, Paul was called up into the heavens, but he didn't have the full prophecies of everything. We know that in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, that is when the fullness of everything came as far as the prophecies go. But Paul is saying we know in part, we prophesy in part, but that which is perfect is come. Now perfect is also often used in the New Testament to mean mature. When Jesus Christ said, "Be ye therefore perfect even in my as my father in heaven is perfect." He was not meaning never have a down day, never mess up. He was like, "No, be mature." Right? &gt;&gt; And so when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away with. And then he goes about how a kid doesn't understand things. They don't understand the big picture. And so it's like, "Daddy, why you doing this? Daddy, why you doing that?" And you try to explain, but a lot of stuff their brains just can't comprehend. &gt;&gt; Now, here's the thing with God. He started off with the Jews and they had a partial revelation. They didn't understand the full salvation story. And then he transitions over to the Gentiles when the Jews rejected and they get more revelation and they understand, oh, God doesn't just want to be a father figure above us. He wants to be our brother living with us. And then when the Holy Ghost comes in, they got the further revelation. Oh, he also wants to be our comforter and our teacher in us. And so it's progressive revelation, but still they were not seeing the full picture. The full picture is that God wants us to be like he is literally he wants us to be messiahes. He wants us to be in that position of power and authority. But we can't just get there. You can't stick your 5-year-old kid in your van. &gt;&gt; Now, that kid is your kid, but that kid ain't matured. &gt;&gt; There's a way we have to mature. It's a specific pro process he's got for us to mature. And this is the way we have to mature. Now, we've all got well, those of us that have kids, we've got kids. And we've all been kids at some point in time. Some of us a longer time ago than others. But with that being said, when you're a kid and you see your parents doing something and you're like, I want to do it. And you try to do it. Now, your heart is sincere. You're trying to be like your parent, but what do you do? You absolutely mess it up. At one point, you can't even get yourself dressed, right? What's that kid say when it starts to mature enough to to want to grow into that? I want to do it. And they're trying to put their hands into it. They're trying to put their hands into the shirt sleeves and they just mess it up. They'll put their thing on upside down, inside out, and backwards. Right? And they get frustrated when the parent is like, "No, do it this way. Do it that way." And a lot of times, who's the kid get upset with? At their parent. because the parents not letting them free will uh just willy-nilly do whatever they want. They're trying to teach them something. A lot of times God lets us have trials to show us you ain't doing it right. You got some growth you need to do in this area, that area. &gt;&gt; New computer, y'all. And it's already acting up. So, we'll get through this. It's all right. So, it's interesting that this whole thing about maturing, about the adoption process, let's go ahead and call it what it is, is in the love chapter, 1 Corinthians 13. It's at the very end of it because charity is love. Maturing, right off the rip, let's establish maturing is connected with love. If you watch a kid grow up angry, is he going to develop that much maturity? It's going to be hard for that person to develop maturity. I work with rough folks. Most of y'all know my profession has always been around the prison system, law enforcement, everything. I know some 60 year olds and the first thing out of his this man's mouth if you tell him to do something is, "I'm a man. You can't tell me what to do." As he is consistently making one immature decision after another. If you don't have love &gt;&gt; and respect and healthy relationships, you're not gonna mature correctly. &gt;&gt; Okay? There's a reason love is connected in at the end of the love chapter because love is so important for us to mature. Paul's talking in the love chapter about love does this, love does that, love does the other. And then at the end he's like and love will mature you &gt;&gt; because you know he says even now we see through a glass. A glass was like a looking glass. They just had um back then they did have glass but their technology wasn't what is today. But a mirror you're looking is like you kind of see through it but you it's foggy, right? Well now we see through a glass darkly but then face to face. Now I know in part, but then shall I know even as also I am known. So there's going to come a point in time in our maturity when the way Jesus Christ knows us is the way we'll know ourselves. &gt;&gt; We have a tendency to look at ourselves through our carnal lenses and say, "Ah, yeah, okay, I've got this and I've got that and he's got this and that and she's got this and that." No. Jesus Christ looks at things clearly. And as long as we're looking at things through our lens, &gt;&gt; we're going to have a hard time maturing. &gt;&gt; Let's go back. Let's go to 1 John 3 1-2. Behold, what manner of love the Father has bestowed on us that we should be called the sons of God. Therefore, the world knows us not because it knew him not. Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be. So Paul's saying, we're the sons of God now, but we're still maturing. We don't know yet what we're actually going to be looking like because Paul was back then. We don't know yet what we're going to be looking like. But we know that when he shall appear, when Christ shall appear, we'll be like him. &gt;&gt; For we'll see him as he is. Now, hold on. In First Corinthians, he's like, he'll see us and I'll know and I'll know as I am known. In first John, he's like, we'll see him as he is. So Jesus Christ already knows us the way we should be known. When we mature, we'll actually be seeing him the way he truly is. and we'll know, oh my goodness, I'm just like he is because we'll be like him. &gt;&gt; We c we we sell ourselves too short when we're going through our lives and we just tend to think, man, how am I going to get through this? And this sermon comes like this sermon came to me like most of my sermons come to me when I'm having a bad day and I'm having a bad day and I'm getting down and depressed and I'm getting in a bad attitude and Jesus is like what are you doing down there? You know my word. Why don't you learn something? And then I'm like oh. And he's like now because you're having this issue why don't you preach on it until you figure this out. So I was like all right. So Jesus is sweet like that. Anyway, so let's again realize love is again connected with maturing. But what is the ultimate capping of the stature of a perfect man? It starts with faith and it ends in love. Without love, we won't mature appropriately. I'm saying this again. The capstone, our Lord Jesus Christ comes down crying, "Grace! grace. So now we're seeing that love is connected with grace and it's all connected with maturing appropriately. &gt;&gt; All right. As we mature, we'll become increasingly aware what we shall aware of what we shall be and that when he appears we'll be like him. When we mature we'll be like him. That is our identity. So don't sell yourself short that you're just a dirty little nasty sinner. That'll never be anything more than that. Now, maturing into our identity, that's the focus, and it's all connected. Let's look at Romans chapter 8 14-23. For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. Let me interrupt us to say, I know this is Wednesday night. I'm going to try to make this short, but I don't always have good luck doing that. So, I'm going to do my best. So, as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. For ye have not received the spirit of a bondage again to fear, but you've received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, "Aba, Father." Now, Brother Brandham preached adoption, and he preached that adoption when it's used in the Bible is not like adoption is today. Adoption today is is you ain't my kid, but I'll like you, so I'm going to do some paperwork to bring you in, and I'm going to treat you like you're my kid. Biblical adoption was I have a kid and I want that kid to take over my business because who here as a parent wants your kids to always stay two years old? If your kids Okay. So, some mamas do. All right. But if your kids stay two years old, about that time that kid hit three or four, you're taking him to the doctor saying, "What's wrong with my kid?" Right? We should be maturing as much as that perfect little stage. But uh and so we need to mature. And so biblical adoption is the dad is saying my kid should mature to the point that at one time he's eventually going to reach the maturity. I can say you know what my power and authority I give to you. &gt;&gt; I give it to you. You're mature. You was always my kid. But you've reached the maturity that this is what's happened. Now, that's the point of the Holy Ghost is to work with us and train us and tutor us and comfort us as we go through life and as we grow. But we need the correct perspective to do this. So, we have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but you receive the spirit of adoption whereby we cry aba father. The spirit itself bears beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. And if children then heirs that means you inherit something heirs of God and joint hes with Christ. So hold on. So you inherit everything Jesus Christ inherits. &gt;&gt; All right. But there's a caveat. If so be that we suffer with him that we may be also glorified together. Now, we like looking at Jesus and we like looking at the mount transfiguration and wow, he glowed and everybody was impressed. And then after he rose from the dead, he went up to heaven and now he's sitting at the right hand of the father and we're like, "Yay, that's my Jesus." That same glory is for every one of us in here in this room. If you can accept it and if you can walk into it and mature into it, we are joint hes with Jesus Christ. If so be that we suffer with him that we may be also glorified together. Why do we need to suffer with Christ? Because the Bible said that Jesus Christ was perfected through his obedience and suffering. &gt;&gt; We have to do the same thing Jesus did. How you mature is by obeying even when that obedience leads you through suffering. In the military, you go to basic training, and those of y'all that have been know this. They don't say, "Come on in. We want to put you in the best healthiest frame of mind so that you can defend our country. So, here's some nice food. Here's a comfortable bed. We're just You get You get full body massages every day. You get to sleep in as much as you want. You get to eat as much as you want. Everybody gets a personal trainer and there's always someone sitting nearby. If you start feeling bad, they'll pat you on the back to make you feel better. That don't happen. Why? Because you won't mature that way. You can't be trusted to handle a combat uh condition if you haven't been through tough times. And so they create this wonderful loving environment called basic training in which they treat you pretty poorly. You don't enjoy the majority of it. But if you just obey through your suffering, you get through it. And usually those individuals that have gone through basic training can look back and see a distinct difference in how they behaved before basic training and how they behave afterwards. It makes you grow up a little bit. So that's why we need to suffer along with Christ so we can be glorified together. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. In a different place he's like mind is not seen, ears not heard, not even entered into the thought of man. What's waiting on us? So it's one second in glory and you don't even care about however much misery you went through in this life for the earnest expectation of the creature. What is the creature? The creature that Greek word it was translated into creature. It means the creation what God has created. For the earnest expectation of the creature waitth for the manifestation of the sons of God. Why does the creation wait on us to manifest the sons of God? Jesus Christ has already come and lived a perfect life and died and rose again. Why is the creation still waiting on us? Why does the creation care about whether we manifest our calling? For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly. It wasn't animals and nature that sinned, but by reason of him who hath subjected the same in hope. because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God. For we know that the whole creation groanth and travaleth in pain together until now. And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the first fruits of the spirit. So Paul's saying, if you've got the Holy Ghost, you've got the first fruits of the spirit. Even we ourselves grown within ourselves waiting for the adoption to the redemption of our body. The full redemption of our body is our body change. &gt;&gt; The epitome, the full culmination of adoption is when our bodies change. Why does creation wait on us? Because when God created man, what did he create man as? The gods of this dimension. And so when the gods of this dimension stepped under Satan's control, it broke that perfection and nature itself is stuck in this carnal condition until we get our body changed. &gt;&gt; It's stuck there. It's completely cursed until we get our body changed. Jesus Christ has done it. He did it so that we could do it. Yes. &gt;&gt; If Jesus Christ doing it was enough, then this nature would already be perfect and we'd be great. But no, it's up to us. So Jesus Christ had to mature into his ministry so he could die on the cross for us. We need to mature into our ministry so that we can achieve adoption, have our body changed, and then everything can be me remade brand new again. So maturity is connected with going through suffering and also connected with complete adoption which is our body change the rapture. We see that the rapture happens when we reach full maturity. Now I talked about being a soldier a little bit before. Let's do this again. 2 Timothy 2:3. Thou there therefore endure hardness as a good soldier of Jesus Christ. So Paul's telling Timothy that to be an ideal, proper or valuable soldier of Jesus Christ, he must be able to endure hardness and suffering. That's connected with we've got to suffer along with Christ. Hebrews 12:7, if you endure chastening, God dealeth with you as with sons. For what son is he whom the father chastineth not? So Paul is again con connecting maturity and adoption with enduring chastening. Chastening means instruction or training, even if it's sometimes uncomfortable. Chasing. Chasening is not pleasant, but it shows us where our weaknesses are. Instead of saying, "God, why aren't you letting me be comfortable or giving me what I want," we should be saying, "God, what are you trying to teach me?" Wasting time and energy complaining just stretches out the training. &gt;&gt; If you're going to grade school and you don't learn what you should have in fourth grade, guess what you going to be doing next year? &gt;&gt; Fourth grade again. Well, at least when they ran school systems, right? I heard they just keep bumping people along now. But hey, James 5:11, "Behold, we count them happy which endure. You have heard of the patience of Job and have seen the end of the Lord, that the Lord is very pitiful and tender merc and of tender mercy. Enduring suffering is again connected with maturing and blessings. However, think about it. How should we endure suffering so that we mature correctly? We all know many people who've suffered plenty in life and they just become increasingly bitter and angry. They don't mature and they definitely aren't becoming more rapture ready. &gt;&gt; Look at yourself. Have our trials gotten us closer to being rapture ready or have we ourselves become hardened and tired of our trials? Do we become discouraged and bitter? If we don't have the correct perspective of our trials, we'll be just like everybody else with their trials. We might get bitter, angry, more set in our carnal ways and our pessimistic attitudes. And that's not rapture ready. That's just being an angry carnal animal. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so what is how do we mature into this rapture condition? Well, praise the Lord. Here comes another one. The Lord just must, you know, the Lord knows best, right? Or do we look at it a different way? But what is the correct perspective? I really love Revelations 12 10-11. When God revealed this to me, it changed my life. forever. And I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, "Now has come salvation and strength in the kingdom of our God and the power of his Christ. For the accuser of our accuser of our brethren, which we know is the devil, is cast down, which accused them before our God day and night." Verse 11, "And they overcame him by the blood of the lamb and by the word of their testimony, and they loved not their lives until the death." We're to overcome by the blood of the lamb and by the word of our testimony. When we live our lives and face our trials, we're to overcome our trials and sufferings by the blood of the lamb and by the word of our testimonies. But wait, billions of denominational Christians go through trials and claim the blood of the the blood of the lamb. And they also testify of their deliverances, blessings, and healings. And we know they're not necessarily getting rapture ready. So what's the difference? It's all about your revelation of what you're doing. You cannot live higher than your revelation. So I might be saying the exact same phrase that somebody else is saying and might be meaning something completely different. That's how come there's one Bible and how many denominations, right? And everybody's claiming to follow the word. I'm thankful for Malachi 4 who showed us the correct perspective on things. Modern events are made clear by prophecy. 1965. And you can be ever so s ever ever so sincere, but until we know what we're doing, you're fighting at the air. Come back into the word and get lined up and then go. And brother Brandham's talking about you have to understand the orders you've been given. If you have incorrect views regarding what your life should be looking like, you'll be wasting your energy beating the air, and you'll always be disappointed in your spiritual walk. Get lined up with God's will for your life, and you'll actually be going somewhere. 2 Corinthians 9:25- 26. And every man that striveth for the mastery is temperate in all things. Now, they do it to obtain a corruptible crown, but we incorruptible. And then he says,"I therefore so run, not as uncertainly, so fight I, not as one that beatth the air." So Paul is saying also, this isn't brother Brandham saying it. Paul is also saying, look, you've got to know what you're doing. Just because you have the word, you need the full revelation of what that word means to use it correctly. Now, let's look at Acts 2:38. I'm headed somewhere with this. Then Peter said unto them,"Repent and be baptized, every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." Now, here's the thing. We tend to re we tend to view repentance as being sorry for our sins and claiming by faith that Jesus Christ forgives us for our sins. That's good. Our view is that when we by faith claim claim Christ shed blood, Jesus Christ washes us in his blood and decides to forgive us for all the sins we've committed. We then view ourselves as having repented of our sins and been forgiven by God for the wrongs we've committed. We still view ourselves as being sinners but just repented sorry and forgiven sinners. our identity, the way we look at ourselves is we're still looking at ourselves as a sinner. [Music] &gt;&gt; If you look at yourself as a sinner, guess what? You're always going to act like &gt;&gt; a sinner. &gt;&gt; And you know you've got the revelation, you've got enough revelation that Jesus Christ died and willing to forgive you. So you just keep running back to him. Jesus, I did it again. Please forgive me. And of course he does because he loves us. But as long as your view is that you are a sinner, you will always behave as a sinner. Now I just want to clarify something. I am not preaching that there will come a point in time before our body change that we will be like spotless perfect like can't touch nothing about you. Right? But it has to be our faith in the road we're on. We have to be walking that direction when we get our body changed. Yeah, we will not make a mistake. But we have to be on that road headed that direction. If we always look at ourselves as us down here and Jesus Christ always up there and every time we're always messing up and reaching out. No, we have to look at ourselves as walking on that road up there to him. &gt;&gt; The only way to do that is to stop looking at yourself as a broken, nasty sinner. &gt;&gt; Let's see. Let's see how this um we need more. We need a more complete revelation of Christ's blood than this. So, let's look at justification, repentance, and forgiveness. First off, let's look at standing in the gap. Brother Brandham said, "Today, he's the only mediator between God and man, and we're freely pardoned and forgiven. God don't even know we ever sinned." I'm jumping down and he's like, "We can still remember our sins because we're not big enough." But he's so great that he even forgets we ever did sin. We are sons and daughters in his presence. And all things that he was, we are. &gt;&gt; He didn't say we will be. &gt;&gt; He said we are. Right now. &gt;&gt; You have to live your life actually knowing that that's what you are. Right. We're going to get to why we have an issue. We're going to get to that. But first, I just want to hone in. This isn't just a standalone quote. This is in the Bible, too. But we've grown up looking at the Bible slightly differently from a denominational standpoint. Like, yeah, you're just a sinner. You ask for forgiveness. The Bible backs us up, too. Justification. Let's look at the word justification. What it means in the Bible. Romans 5:1. Therefore, being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. Justified means to show or regard as just or innocent. Innocent, it doesn't mean, well, you're guilty, but we pardoned you. It means you didn't do it. &gt;&gt; This is in the Bible. This is the what the Bible says, right? The old way of looking at things like I'm justified like I was all broken and now God's pulled me over here. That's wrong. Now, if you've got the faith, if that's all the faith you've got that God will forgive you, then that's fine. Jesus Christ saved people all through the dark ages, all through all all of church history with just that belief, right? But this is the full belief. You have to realize it wasn't you. &gt;&gt; Let's look at repentance. Matthew 4:17, "From that time Jesus began to preach and say,"Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand." And of course, Acts 2:38 says, "Then Peter said unto them, repent and be baptized, every one of you." Repent means to think differently. That's what repent means. It means you're doing your thing with a certain perspective and something comes along and you're like, "Oh, I was looking at it wrong. What should you repent of? When Jesus Christ was coming, he's like, "Repent for the kingdom of heaven is at hand." When Jesus was on earth, they were looking for a Messiah that was going to be a warrior. He was going to be a military leader. He was going to be a politician. And he's going to conquer the Romans and spread out. And Jesus Christ said, "Uh-uh, change what you're thinking. The kingdom of heaven's here, and I'm going to show you what it is. I'm going to heal the sick and raise the dead." And they didn't like that. They wanted him to kill people, but instead he was healing people. And that was their issue. They didn't want to repent. They didn't want to think differently. They wanted a Messiah the way they wanted a Messiah. And then Peter comes and they're like, "How do we be saved?" And he's like, "You got to repent. The first thing you have to do is quit thinking the way you're already thinking and you need to repent and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins to get the Holy Ghost." So repent means to think differently. Now let's look at forgiveness. Forgiveness absolutely means you've done something wrong. Correct? We have to understand that the people that interpreted the Bible into English took the original Greek or Hebrew words and then put them into something that they understood. But they did this after being after over a thousand years of Catholic dogma and ideology. So these are ex- Catholics like after a thousand years of Catholicism, they've broken away and become Protestants, but they still have all this Catholic denominational dogma on the way things are. And so when they're translating these words over, they're using what they think it means, right? And it's pretty close to it, but it's not how we use the word forgiveness. The Greek word means freedom from sins. It doesn't mean you did it. It doesn't mean freedom from the effects of sins. It just means straight up freedom from sins. &gt;&gt; Like if you accept what Christ's blood does, the the sin itself, you're not even connected with it. &gt;&gt; So that's what this is. This is what the word is. So justification means to show or regard as innocent. Repentance means to think differently. And forgiveness is freedom from sins. So justification is just the first step of the Holy Ghost moving in a person's life. Now at the very end of brother Brandham's ministry at the very end of 1965, he suddenly starts preaching more and more frequently on justification. And he's actually saying it &gt;&gt; on actually a little bit more extreme than what he had been before in the visible invisible union of the bride of Christ. I just took just a couple of different examples. Um he says, "Now your name is now in the new book, not in the book of life, but in the lamb's book of life." Now the old book of your natural union, but your new bride, your new life is in the lamb's book of life. And he mentions Romans 5:1. Therefore, being justified by faith. And then he then he says the word don't mean forgiven. It means justified. It don't mean you're forgiven. And then he says this, for instance, you heard I got drunk and done some evil things and everything. Then you come around and say to me, you found out I didn't do them. Then you come around and say, "Brother Brandom, I forgive you. Forgive me. I didn't do it in the first place. &gt;&gt; Now, if I did do it, I'm guilty and you could forgive me and I wouldn't be guilty. But yet I'm not justified because I actually did it. But the word justified is though you never did it. Remember justified is innocent. &gt;&gt; Okay? You were accused. You never did it in the first place. The old union is in the sea of God's forgetfulness. And you're thinking, "Wait a minute. I know I sinned. I remember what I did, when I did it, who I did it to, and how it affected them." Brother Brandham says, "How did you come to do this? You were deceived into it by your first marriage to your adulterous parent, Eve. It's no fault of your own." &gt;&gt; That's how come it ain't on you. Who here? Who here said, "Hey, I want me some carnal parents and I want to be born in sin and shaped in iniquity and boy, I'm going to tear it up." &gt;&gt; None of us did. &gt;&gt; What Adam and Eve did in the beginning, puts us all in this condition. We didn't want this in the first place. Who would want this carnal life? And here's the thing. Jesus Christ came and died so that we can be free of all that. &gt;&gt; But the thing is is your life reflects your belief, &gt;&gt; your faith. And if you're believing in God's word, that will manifest. But if you're believing in something that's not God's word, that will also manifest. &gt;&gt; And when you're born, you're born in sin, in a condition of sin, shaped in iniquity, and you grow up, number one, you've got death in your members. You've got the carnal nature on your back. You've got parents and you're trying to learn this and you're trying to learn that. You're going to develop carnal, negative, damaging beliefs. And that is what's going to manifest in your life as you live. And so when somebody tells you about Jesus, you're going to be like, "Okay, yeah, I mean, I'm so glad he's willing to overlook my issues." No. Again, if that's all the faith you have, he'll honor that. But to reach maturity, to go in this body change, we need to completely understand it ain't on us to begin with. &gt;&gt; It's all about our identity. And if you identify as a messed up sinner that Jesus just pulls you out, that's all you'll ever manifest. You have to completely get the revelation and start looking at yourself as a born again child of God who never did it in the first place. &gt;&gt; All right? So that's the reason you were born as an adulteress. You're a sinner to begin with. That's right. You were deceived into it. Now it ain't your fault. You never did it because that little germ that was in you was to be you before the foundation of the world. God put your name in the lamb's book of life. Now I've got a question for you. Who are you? Are you a son of God or are you just a carnal animal? Can God or any of his children mess up? &gt;&gt; God is infinite deity. God don't produce anything less than infinite deity. If I planted if I had an oak tree and I see a seed laying on the ground underneath that oak tree and say, "I must come from that oak tree. I'm going to go plant this." And that thing grew up to be a bush. I would say that seed was no oak tree because a oak tree only reproduces oaks. &gt;&gt; Jesus Christ, God, a deity will only reproduce deity. It doesn't reproduce broken, fallen down, messed up sinners. &gt;&gt; And so, you have to hang on to that. Now, we're talking about maturing and we're talking about you have to mature through fighting. there's something you have to fight and that's your carnal ideas about what's actually going on. &gt;&gt; And so he goes on and he talks about the bridegroom took away your shame and put it in the sea of forgetfulness. And he keeps talking about it and then he drops down and says this is my message to the church. Now &gt;&gt; brother Brandham thought this was pretty important to hit on &gt;&gt; and he hammered it and he kept hammering it for a few more paragraphs. A little bit later in December of 65 in communion, he said, "But yet all at once I looked up and I said, I'm not the son of Charles and Ella Brandom. &gt;&gt; There's something calling." And he's talking about the eagle and the chicken. And that eagle had to realize all of a sudden, I'm not a chicken. He had to realize he's an eagle before he could fly. Now, when he realized he was an eagle, he was still in the chicken yard acting like a chicken. &gt;&gt; But he didn't say, "Well, I mean, I see my lifestyle and everything I've done is like a chicken." Something on the inside says I'm an eagle, but I guess I'll just stay here as a chicken. He had never flown and he'd have died as a eagle acting like a chicken. Just like so many Christians live their life beat down by the trials and everything to come and they die. Well, God bless them. They're gonna be in heaven, right? But there is a specific called group of people that's called to get a body change. And the only way we're going to do that is by getting the right mentality and accepting what our identity is and fighting for it and pressing into it. &gt;&gt; Amen. So justification, repentance and forgiveness. So justification does not mean that God overlooks your shortcomings, but that he finds you completely innocent of even having shortcomings. Repentance does not mean graveling for forgiveness for your failures. But it means that your way of looking at yourself and and at your identity has fundamentally changed and you now see yourself as a pure sinless child of God. Biblical New Testament forgiveness does not mean that God overlooks your shortcomings, but that your faith and your justification completely frees you from the effects of sin. The true revelation of justification automatically leads to the correct kind of repentance, which automatically leads to the correct kind of forgiveness. However, we receive whatever level of justification our faith grasp on to. And so that's why it's so important for us to fight contend for the faith. We have to fight for the correct revelation of our identity because hey, we've all got bad days when it's hard &gt;&gt; fighting spiritually. &gt;&gt; Some days when I'm going through and things don't look like God's promises are popping and I'm like, and I would almost rather do manual labor than to have to fight than to have to fight that. Like, man, no, I'm hanging on to the promise. It takes it out of you &gt;&gt; because your carnal nature is a fighting against you. &gt;&gt; Now, this is gonna lead up to something though. If it ain't really you anyway that's doing these sinful things that's doing whatever, why even care? And there's actually different times in church history and Christian history where Christians were like, you know what, if it don't matter, let's just do whatever we want to do. Like Paul said, all things are lawful, but not all things are expedient. Expedient means like wise. Let's just be foolish and we'll just ask God for forgiveness. That's what brother Brandham said, making a grace out of disgrace. And when when the Lord was showing me this, I was like, "But Lord, I just can't feel right." Like, "Aren't we responsible for what we actually do? If he'll just forgive us?" Well, yes, we actually are. Exodus 21:28-29. If an ox gore a man or a woman that they die, then the ox shall sh be surely stoned, and his flesh shall not be eaten, but the owner of the ox shall be quit as far as innocent. Like a man own an animal and the animal kills somebody else, it ain't that man's fault, right? He'll be innocent. But if the ox were want to push with his horn in time past and it's been testified to his owner and he's not kept him in, but that he hath killed a man or a woman, the ox shall be stoned, and his owner also shall be put to death. So there's a principle in the bo Bible where if you've got an animal and that animal is acting out and you don't get that thing under control, you're responsible. &gt;&gt; Now Jesus Christ's blood is for all of us. But we were all born with an ox. We were all born with an animal. You look in the mirror, you know what? You're seeing a serpent representation of yourself. Because our carnal bodies are descended from a mixture between human and serpent seed all the way down. And when you look in the mirror, you're seeing that serpent representation of yourself. That those carnal thoughts, that old man that Paul talked about, that's just that that's just that carnal serpent nature wanting to do things. And every one of you have a serpent that it's your job to control. &gt;&gt; Eve didn't kick the serpent out. And so now we're all stuck with one. And so it's on us to do what our original forefathers did not do. And how they submitted to the serpent and got kicked out of the Garden of Eden, our calling is to conquer our serpent and step right back into the Garden of Eden. And so we are called to completely reclaim everything that our forefathers lost. And it's Jesus Christ and his blood that came and lived and opened that door so that we could do that. But it's on us to fight to get back to there. And that's how we mature. &gt;&gt; Jesus or Adam and Eve, they were on easy street. Have you ever wondered or have you ever wished that God would say, "You know what, buddy? You fought enough. How about I just recreate everything, make a perfect little situ? How about I create a perfect garden for you and put you in it? No issues. If you're not mature enough, you know what you're gonna do? You're gonna you're gonna mess up the first time you come across a serpent. Adam and Eve were created in a perfect condition. And they messed up in a perfect condition. We are called to be in an imperfect condition and go back to a perfect condition. But we can't look and get upset because God makes things too hard on us. Things being easy on folks without character is what put us in this condition. God needs to put us in trials so that we get some character and then we'll be just fine whether we're in a trial or not. &gt;&gt; And so in Ephesians chapter 2, we're going to look at verse one and verse six. And you hath he quickened who were dead in trespasses and sins. Why were you dead? Because you didn't have revelation. You were just living your carnal whims, your carnal urges, and you didn't understand what was going on. You were living in death. You were living under the control of that carnal nature. &gt;&gt; In verse six, he's like, "And hath raised us up together and made us sit together in heavenly pa places in Christ Jesus." So if we accept and use the full revelation of what the blood does for us, it places us even right now with Christ. Where is Christ right now? He's sitting in his father's throne with his father's authority. Where does that place us? If we hang on to that revelation of who we truly are, it puts us in the father's throne with our father's authority. And so that is what revelation is talking about and how they overcame him by the blood of the lamb and the word of their testimony. The blood of the lamb is what gives you that revelation and what opens that door so that you can have the identity &gt;&gt; that I am part of Christ's bride. I am in Jesus Christ's body. I am the body of Christ and I am right now seated in heavenly places in Christ. You have to have that revelation. You have to fight for it. That is the battle that we're facing. &gt;&gt; Now, so we get the whole point of the blood of the lamb now because it's a two-fold what? It's a two-fold thing. The way they overcame by the blood of the lamb and the word of their testimony. Okay? So, if we're wanting to reach adoption and maturity, we have to accept and fight for that revelation. But there's also something else. The word of our testimony. Let's look what it says. Joshua 1:8. This book of the law, what's that? The Bible, shall not depart out of thy mouth, but thou shalt meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe to do according to all that's written therein. For then thou shalt have make thy way prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success. Who wants to be prosperous in here? &gt;&gt; I believe in a prosperity gospel. &gt;&gt; I do. I don't mean let's all go get filthy rich and roll around with sports cars or whatever. But when God is in your life, you are satisfied and you are content. And truly &gt;&gt; truly when you look at any major anyone that God has completely surrendered to Christ, they definitely go through trials and tribulations. We all look at Job. Boy, Job had it rough. Boy, he had it rough. And we talk so much about how God had Job go through so many trials. Man, that man was filthy rich and awesome and happy and prosperous the majority of his life. We we focus on this one little space in time of when he went really through a really rough trial. But it said after the trial, he's way better off than even before the trial. But we look at it like I'm I'm just being Job today. Are you really being Job? How good what how good did you have it before now? And how good do you expect to have it after this? &gt;&gt; We tend to skew everything because what do our what does our carnal nature do? It tends to be pessimistic and I can't I can't help it. Trials are coming and I can't control them. And actually, it's your carnal nature trying to control them. And most of the time, if your carnal nature got your way with trying to control something, you'd end up worse off than than you did without the trial to begin with. Because our carnal nature, it's enmity against God. It can't even figure out how to do something right. &gt;&gt; I can't take my dog and expect to train my dog on how to appropriately handle my responsibilities. &gt;&gt; There just ain't nothing in it. Right? There's nothing in that dog's head that can conceive of it. Right? That is your carnal nature. You have to understand it's just an animal thinking. It's just that old man, right? It can't get the things of the spirit. There's nothing in it to do that. And so often when you find yourself frustrated, it's that carnal nature you're identifying with. That's why you're even feeling frustrated. Because do we truly believe that everything is in God's hands? Do we truly believe that he's got it all in control? &gt;&gt; Do we truly believe that he's moving it all for our good? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. &gt;&gt; Then if suddenly there's a boom and we look out and every one of our vehicles is burning in the parking lot right now, that shouldn't cause a spike in our blood pressure or pulse at all. Be like, "Thank you, Jesus. You just gave me a blessing." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; If we properly had our carnal natures are in control, it' just be like, "Oh, thank you. Thank you, Lord." Because if we truly were aligned with believing he had it all in control and everything worked for our good, everything that happened, we'd get excited like, "Yay! Hey, you got cancer. Awesome." Right? Because we're truly trusting. But it's that carnal nature that don't want to trust. It can't trust because it it's not spiritual. It's enmity against God. It just can't pick it up. And so if thou shalt confess with thy so being prosperous Romans 10:9, if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus shalt believe in thy heart, thou shalt be saved. So it's more than just with your mouth. You've also got to believe what you're saying, right? 1 Thessalonians 5:16-18, rejoice evermore. Pray without ceasing. In everything give thanks, for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus. concerning you. So Paul is teaching there's something for you to do. And sometimes we know when we're really going through rough stuff, sometimes it's all we can do to say a thank you Jesus. &gt;&gt; I mean it might just exhaust us. But that's the fight. That is the correct maturing. It isn't just putting up with trials that matures us. It's putting up. It's going through trials, accepting our identity, the blood of the lamb, and speaking our word, the word of what God has said about us, speaking that over ourselves. 1 Timothy 6:12, fight the good fight of faith. Lay hold on eternal life, where unto thou art also called, and hast professed a good profession before many witnesses. We're fighting. Hebrews 3:1, "Wherefore, holy brethren, partakers of the heavenly calling, consider the apostle and high priest of our profession, Christ Jesus." Hebrews 4:14, "Let us hold fast our profession." Hebrews 10:23, "Let us hold fast the profession of our faith." Again, coming back to Revelation 12:11, "And they overcame him by the blood of the lamb and by the word of their testimony. and they love not their lives unto the death. To mature the way that we ought to, we must first accept the full revelation of our true identity, which is that we are even now spotless, sinless, all powerful messiahs that are impervious to the effects of sin, but also accepting the responsibility of containing the carnal impulses of the sinful animal bodies that we've been born into. We have to accept our true identity and say, "Yeah, I got to control this behavior." But on the other hand, I'm not identifying with it. That isn't really me. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; I've tried to explain it like this. How many here has interacted with a computer? Okay. How many here has interacted with like a computer game in which you're sitting there running the controls and the little dude on the screen is doing the thing, right? Okay. Would it be healthy if you identified as that little thing? No. and you're trying to control it. You're realizing it ain't you, but there can be glitches and that thing ain't doing right. You're responsible. You're in control, but there's glitches in the system and it's not correctly obeying you. So, you're doing your best to control it, but you don't identify and take on the fault if that thing does the wrong thing. You just accept, oh, there's a glitch in the system. The same way goes for this. You do your best to control this carnal nature and your emotional responses and everything. But when it acts out, realize there's a glitch in the system. This carnal nature is strong, but don't ever identify with the thing. &gt;&gt; You claim your identity as being a child of God. And you keep claiming dominion over that. &gt;&gt; Right? Don't ever identify with it, then it gets stronger because then your faith is creating that strength. Right? &gt;&gt; And so Romans 5 3-5, and not only only so, but we ourselves glory in tribulations, knowing that tribulation workketh patience, and patience experience, and experience hope, and hope maketh not ashamed, because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost, which given which is given unto us. So Paul's talking about what we know love, maturity. Paul's talking about we need to go through tribulations because that brings experience and and patience and maturity and that is what sheds the love of God abroad. Okay? And so it's you have to accept your identity, but you also have to speak that. And so if it's something that the devil's trying to do in your life, you have to speak victory over that. If there's something going on, a situation that you're in, you have to speak victory over that. And you have to do it with hope. You have to do it with joy. You have to do it with thanks. Thankfulness. Not a it's Monday. Yeah. I got to do what I got to do to get that paycheck. No. If your carnal boss don't like that attitude, why would Jesus like that attitude, right? We need to do it with thanksgiving. Now, here's the thing. Carnally, you're working for a paycheck. You're going to need another paycheck after that one. Man, the paycheck we're going to get from Jesus is going to be so good. We don't care what comes after it. We should be motivated for this one, right? And I just want to tell you a little bit a little story before I uh before I close. This all came to me because several years ago I was having some issues. Um, y'all know I'm a vet. I deployed. Okay. Well, I came back not a happy person. I came back kind of angry, right? And as years went on, the symptoms got worse and worse until they were pretty severe until it got to the point I realized, man, this is horrible. Okay. So, truthfully, it got to the point that I was working in the prison. time they took me out of working in the prison because they're like, "The way your anger issues are, you're going to hurt somebody one day more than you should hurt them, right?" And so, like, it was I just say is is bad. It was real bad. And so, I'm living and I'm I'm going to my therapy and I'm not knocking it and I'm taking my psych meds and I'm not knocking it, but it wasn't it wasn't changing things. Not the way things need to change. And I'm like, Jesus, I'm at my wit's end. What do I do? And he showed me this this verse re in Revelation. They overcame by the blood of the lamb and the word of their testimony. And he showed me what the blood of the lamb does. It opens up your access to your true identity. And the word of your testimony, it opens that up. That your identity is what gives power to your testimony. We all know positive thinker. the power of positive thinking. And man, I mean, it does work some. It's called the placebo effect in the medical field. It's just your basic carnal faith. And if you focus on it and you visualize it and you say it over and over again, it increases the chances of it actually occurring. But that ain't God. That's just a law of faith that God has put in reality and carnal people can tap into it. But when a child of God gets the revelation of who he or she is &gt;&gt; and they get the revelation that the word of God is about you. &gt;&gt; We are the spiritual heritage of Abraham. &gt;&gt; That means all the blessings that go to the Jews are for us. &gt;&gt; We are Christians. We get all the blessings of the New Testament as well. So every promise in the book is mine. Right. But you got to fight for it. If he just gives it to you, you're not fighting and you're not maturing. You got to fight for it. That's why the Bible, that's why Joshua said, every bit of ground that the sole of your foot is on. &gt;&gt; You got to put it all under your feet and it becomes yours. I can't just say, "Oh, I want that back door." I got to walk myself back and take that back door. And that's what it's all about. &gt;&gt; And how do things come to us? How do we know they're coming to us? Because it happens to us in our life. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham said, "Stay where you're supposed to be, right? Don't go out on the devil's ground." &gt;&gt; Well, so you be doing what you should be doing and the trials that come your way, you can just accept, well, these are the trials for me. I'm not over there borrowing a trial from him and going over trying to do this, that, or the other. I'm staying where I should be. And as time will just bring time will bring you plenty of trials you don't need to find anymore. &gt;&gt; And when they come to you, that's your trial to claim your victory on. And you claim your identity and you speak your word of God over yourself. And that is what will bring it to pass. And it might take you like Abraham 20some years. Amen. &gt;&gt; And Abraham messed up so many times during that 20some years trying this way to make it happen, trying that way. That was just his carnal nature getting in the way. &gt;&gt; He didn't stop claiming it. &gt;&gt; He kept on pushing and it finally happened. So don't think, man, I messed up again. Well, if a man without the Holy Ghost, Abraham, can be forgiven and eventually claim his victory, Jesus Christ has already died for you. You're good. And so you just keep fighting. You just keep pushing. And so this is what God showed me. And so I started claiming I don't have anger issues. Well, it's awful hard to claim that you don't have anger issues after you just kind of blasted somebody. Like you feel kind of bad. And the thing is is if you just explode at somebody, especially with somebody you love, you can't say, "Well, I know you're crying right now, but bless God, I ain't got no anger problems." Right? Look, your bull just gored somebody. You're responsible for that thing, right? But what I what he showed me, I would to myself. I wouldn't be saying it like, I mean, you ain't got to be blasting. Hey, I mean, I'm going to do this and that and do you and say, "Well, you know, bless God. God forgave me." You know, no, I hurt you, right? That wouldn't be right. On the other hand, I had to claim it for myself. And I remember the first time I tried to say, "Thank you, Jesus. I don't have anger problems." I was by myself and I couldn't say it out loud because it was so entrenched the issues I was having. I couldn't make my mouth move to say that. All my mouth could move was say a lot of other stuff, but it couldn't get that out. It was all I could do to just think that thought. &gt;&gt; But I had to I started claiming that in my heart until it became I managed to squeak it out and I've got a big mouth. I don't even need this microphone, right? I couldn't even hear myself say it. It was so quiet. And I was fighting as hard as I could to try to claim that promise for myself. But I did and I managed to get it out and it made it a little bit easier and I got it out again and I got it out again. Right. Well, so I'm starting to do this and I'm doing it quietly on myself. I'm not saying it out around other folks because number one, that would hurt their feelings because this this animal, this bull was still it's still acting crazy. It's still acting a fool. But even in the face of me having anger issues and doing that, I'm claiming I don't. And it got easier and easier to claim. And then one day I was like, I haven't taken my psych meds in a few days. I wonder if anybody's noticed. And I asked her and she hadn't noticed. I was like, oh. So I quit taking them. And then things went on and my therapist finally looked at me and he was he had tears in his eyes. And this was a therapist that worked with vets, right? He had been around some rough stuff and he with tears in his eyes, he said, "What's changed?" And I told him I was claiming the word of God over myself. &gt;&gt; And he said, "I wish I could get everybody to believe like you." He said, "I'd be out of a job." And that's what I did. And I did that month in and month out. And then once my an once my behavior started straightening up a little bit, then I started, you know, putting public testimonies across, you know, the pullpit at church. I like to thank God for helping me with my anger. Right now, I'm still fighting with this carnal nature. &gt;&gt; If you don't give me the breakfast I want, I might not act appropriately. That's a joke. I'm not quite that bad. But with that being said, I am not even close to what that was. &gt;&gt; Now I during this time period during this time period, I never had a big spiritual experience. I never had it where the Holy Ghost hit me and I fell out. And I'm not knocking that because I've had those experiences before and I loved them. And actually, that's what I kept begging God to give me when I was going through this. And he said, "No, because I want to teach you how to fight." Because too often when people are going through trials, they beg for just deliverance out of it. And the very point you're in this life is to go through this because you have to mature. You can't get to rapture ready until you fight that devil tooth and nail for every bit of ground you walk on. &gt;&gt; That is what it's about. &gt;&gt; And so that is just that's the revelation that's been burning on my heart for the past seven I don't know 2015 to now. So about 10 years or so. That is right math, right? Okay. Anyway, so for about the past 10 years, and that's what's been doing it, and I've just come to see that this is the way to conquer. And the more I see in his word, this is what it's all about. He'll bail you out every once in a while to keep your faith up and show you he does care. You know what? And I'm not knocking that. Brother Brandham said, "Cry. You're God's child. You should cry because that's what babies do to get what they need." I'm not knocking that whatsoever. But he's going to keep you in trials. Some trials he's going to keep you in. And you're going to have to walk in that thing day in and day out. And you're going to have to walk through that valley of the shadow of death because that is what brings about the maturity of the rapture, of your body change, of adoption. That is what it's about. &gt;&gt; Adam and Eve fell because they were taking it easy. We can't take it easy. We have to Well, like Paul said, gird up your loins like a man, right? Suck it up, buttercup. We're here to be in a fight. And hey, when the battle's over, I'm going to be flying around with wings and riding horses in the sky, and it's going to be awesome. But as long as I'm here right now, every day, fight. &gt;&gt; You have to focus on the two things. The blood of the lamb and the word of your testimony. The blood of the lamb is what opens the door to your identity. Mature into it and fight for it. &gt;&gt; That's what it's about. If the musicians could come &gt;&gt; Thank you. I just like to close with one last verse. Third John 1:2. Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prosperth. Because a lot of times when we're going through trials, we'll think, well, you know, maybe God just wants me to be this way. God doesn't want us to be this way. He may allow us to have specific things, but he wants us to fight against them. Brother Brandham said even if a sickness was going to kill him, he would he would die claiming healing. &gt;&gt; And in fact, he fought anxiety to the point that it messed his health up until the last year of his life. And he never quit claiming his healing. And then the wings of a snow white dove, God showed him, you've just got it. And he fought that for years. And that's what we've been called to. So don't give up. Don't lose heart. endure until the end. Because all of creation, the birds, the deer, the sun, and the moon, they're all waiting. Even the saints in heaven are waiting for us to get our body changed. Jesus Christ saved us. But if we can't take that and step back into our Garden of Eden condition again, the full purpose of his dying has not been met. &gt;&gt; He's waiting on us. That's why it says the bride hath made herself ready or the his wife has. So God bless y'all. Amen. [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; I surrender. Amen. Let's stand and worship the Lord for a minute. Amen. God bless you, brother Matthew. Very good. The more that I surrender, the lighter my love. The more that I release my parents, the more he takes control. [Music] The more I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Amen. How many's glad for that message tonight? Amen. I ain't never heard him preach before. Amen. And so that was very impressed. That was very good. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. That was food you can eat on. Amen. How many believe that? So, praise the Lord. We're going to let brother Josh sing a song or two and close whenever he gets ready. God bless y'all. And thank you, brother Matt. Thank you, God. Amen. Amen. Pleasing. Pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Praying. [Music] Let everything I pursue be pleasing no Lord unto you. pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Pray and let everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. One more time. Pleasing. with pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Pray. Let everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. to be like Jesus. To be like Jesus on earth I long to be like him. And all through life's journey from earth to gloryy. [Music] I only ask to be like him. [Music] To be like Jesus, to be like Jesus on earth I long to be like him all through last journey from birth to glory. I only ask to be like him. [Music] Amen. Has it been good to be in the house of the Lord this evening? Amen. And as we're dismissed this evening, let's put what we heard on our lips and sing. I'm a child of the king. Oh yes. And oh yes. Oh yes. I'm the child of the king and his royal blood. It now flows through my veins. [Music]
