################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - Bro. Timothy Pruitt • 5/18/25 • Sun. • Faith In Your Eternal Quality - I Will Go - Timothy Pruitt - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   Bro. Timothy Pruitt • 5/18/25 • Sun. • Faith In Your Eternal Quality - I Will Go
Speaker: Timothy Pruitt
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cG3i0XBMd4
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Do you [Music] feel Heat. Heat. [Music] Do you feel [Music] [Music] I feel you. [Music] the wind. [Music] Well, I know the maker of the rain can calm the storms, make the sun to shine again. I know the master. Let's stand this morning. Sing that one more time. Oh, I know the master of the way. know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm made the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Good morning. Good morning. Amen. Couldn't we all say it? Let's all say, "I was glad." I was glad when they said unto me, unto me, "Let us go into the house of the Lord." Amen. Amen. Give the Lord a hand this morning. Say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus." We're glad to be in the house of God this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. How many believes it's the most beautiful place it is? Amen. most beautiful place it is because we gather in heavenly places in Christ Jesus to come here something that is absolutely solid unmovable and to talk about God. Amen. Because we know that we serve the living God. How many believe this Lord Jesus Christ that has come in our day and showed himself alive. Amen. It's the only true God. Amen. And that's who you serve. That's who I serve. Amen. And as we sang that we know the master of the wind. Any of us if we've got gray hair on our heads, Brother Irvin, we know what that's all about. We know the depth and the meaning of that word. We know the master of the wind. Amen. We went through some storms. Amen. So, God bless you richly this morning. We certainly hate that this is coming to the last service, but Amen. May it be the last but not the least. Amen. Amen. So, we're going to give it one more go. We're going to open our hearts great big and open our minds. Amen. and say, "Lord, we've gathered ourselves together to uh present ourselves before Almighty God to see if there's any bad places in our lives." Ain't that right? Cuz he, Brother Bam said, if we come for another purpose other than to get better when we go out those doors, we haven't come for the right reason. Ain't that right? So, amen. If we get stepped on our toes a little bit, you know, that's okay. God help us. We got We're looking for a rapture because we know this world is not a place that we want to be much longer. Amen. Amen. Just when you thought it's as bad as it could get, it gets a little worse. Amen. Homosexuals come out and then next thing you know, next thing's trans and everything else, folk, there's just no stopping. Amen. There's they have no anchor, but you and I do. So, God bless you this morning richly. We thank each and everyone that came and visited us. Amen. We love you. You're our brothers, our sisters. We are thankful that you visited with us, amen, in these meetings. And we certainly appreciate very very much. Amen. Getting to know Brother Andrew. Amen. And also, Brother Timothy. I haven't spent a lot of time with him, but I'm glad that uh we've gotten to spend some time together. And so, Amen. Then we have our other ministers up here. Amen. God bless you. Amen. We're just so grateful to have different ministers here this morning. Amen. And so, we just um to get to know each other. maybe maybe wet a line a little bit, you know, and I I love Brother Timothy on the back of the boat there and just fellowship around the word a little bit and just one with another. Amen. And so anyway, we'll um just have prayer. Amen. Uh let me see. Brother Joel, come on up and open up in service in prayer, would you? Amen. Let's just uh let's take these knees today. The just thank the Lord for this opportunity he's given us coming into his house to worship him. And just want to say thank you for brother Richard dismissing his church to come over here this morning to be a part of this meeting. We thank you for that. Appreciate that. I'm not sure if he's here. I don't see him. But we're glad you're all here to join us today. We got I believe Brother Timothy has something special in store for us. The Lord does. So let's just go to him in in prayer. Father, how we thank you Lord for this time together this morning. Lord, we can come in your presence Lord into your courts with thanksgiving. And Father, it's our heart's desires just to let everything go for just a little while this morning, Lord, and allow you just to minister to us, each and everyone, young and old alike. Thank you, Lord, for each and everyone that's here, all the visitors, those that traveled in, Lord, those from the the nearby church, Lord, just making this their their home service this morning. We just pray, Father, you'll bless them and bless the home congregation, Lord, continue to pour out your blessings to Brother Brad and Brother Thomas, Lord, as they Lord, continue to minister the word here. the full gospel to the sheep. Father, we just pray for understanding and enlightenment. Lord, for each of us, Lord, as we see the day approaching, Lord, we see the time drawing nigh, Lord. Our hearts and our desires are to be right, Lord, that these bodies can be changed. So, we just want to create an atmosphere of worship this morning. We invite your Holy Spirit to come now, Father. And Lord, just minister to every heart, every life, every need, every situation. We give you all the honor and all the glory, Lord. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. start off with Hosanna this morning. Amen. And I'd just like to take a second if I could and I'd like to give a big thank you to all the musicians and everyone that's come out from out of town and help sing and creating atmosphere this morning. And yeah, I'd like to give one more one more thank you to someone who doesn't get anything, but he's been dealing with power outages and everything else. And you don't know he exists until something goes wrong. That's brother Micah in the back there. Can we give him a hand this morning? Amen. Appreciate all the help this weekend. Amen. Let's sing. Magnify the Lord with me. Will magnify the Lord with me for he is worthy to be praised. Oh yes. Magnify the Lord for he is worthy to be [Music] praised. Oh hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh, glory, glory to his name. For he lives and reigns forever more. Glorious glory. Glory to his name for he lives and reigns forever more. Oh yes. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosanana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. And Jehovah vagra is his name. Oh, for he provideth all my needs. Amen. Have you found it so? Oh, Jehovah Gyra is his name. [Applause] name for he provideth all my needs. Oh yes, hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. First verse this morning. Glory, glory. Oh, glory, glory to his name. For he lives and reigns forever more. Oh yes. Glory, glory to his name. For he lives and reigns forever more. Oh, hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Jehovah Gyra is his name. Jehovah is his name. Yes, for he provideth all my needs. Yes, Jehovah Gyra is his name for he proideth all my need. Oh, hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be nation. Amen. Amen. He's worthy of our praise this morning. He provideth all our needs. Amen. Let's sing. Who I am, Lord. Who I am. Amen. I think some people found out last night who they are. Amen. Amen. But we're not finished yet. Amen. Oh, glorious victory. That day he set me free. And he made my heart. His very throne. My life is no longer mine. I'm a prisoner of love divine. And now I live to praise his name. Oh, who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now who I am. I'm a part of my savior, a part of his word, and it's a [Music] revelation of who I am. And on Calvary, he died to redeem his lost bride. The King of Kings became my savior. And this is God's great mystery of love expressed to me that Christ and I might be made one. Oh, who I am, Lord. who I am. Oh, I can see now who I who I really am. I'm a part of my Savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. Who I am. Oh, who I am, Lord. Who I am. Oh, I can see now who I am. I'm a part of my Savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. Amen. Amen. Can we try? It was a great thing that he did for me. It was a great thing that he did for me. It was a great thing when he set me free. Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. I sing that force again. Oh, it was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing when he set me free. Jesus died on Calvary so the whole world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. And the Lord has brought me through all of my trials. And when I failed him, he didn't cast me away. He stood right by me through all of my trles. When I was lost, he didn't let me go astray. He took my sins and he saved my soul. He cleaned me up and he made me whole. Oh. Oh. Jesus died on Calvary. So the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. I love this verse here. He's been my doctor. He's been my lawyer. He's never left me. He's been my friend. He's been my comforter. When I was holy when I was lost, King Jesus took me in. Oh, he took my sin and he saved my soul. He cleaned me up. Cleaned me up and he made me whole. Oh, Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. It was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing when he set me absolutely free. Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he been my doctor. Oh, he's been my doctor. He's been my lawyer. He's never left me. He's been my friend. He's been my comfort. When I was lonely. When I was lost, my Jesus took me in. He took my sin and he saved my soul. He cleaned me up and he made me whole. Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. It was a great thing. Oh, it was a great thing that he did for me. It was a great thing when he set me free. Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing. Let the worshippers arise this morning. Let the sons and the daughters sing. Let the worshipers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my [Music] all. I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the [Music] king and father I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing on your side holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the [Music] king and father I hear it growing louder. The song of your redeemed as the saints of every nation are awakening. Amen. That's you this morning. Our hearts there comes an anthem. Oh, hear the heavens ring. This is our song, a song to our king. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Just lift your hands to him this morning. Let the worshippers arise. Oh, let the worippers [Music] arise. Let the sons and the daughters [Music] sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. just our voices this morning. Let the worshipers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. I'm surrendering my all. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Amen. Just worship him this morning. Amen. We love you, Lord Jesus. Amen. We welcome you into our midst, Lord Jesus. Amen. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me. Amen. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turn me around, how he placed my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout a hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me want to shout, "Hallelu, thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Oh yes. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he's healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around, how he placed my feet on the solid ground. It makes me want to shout a hallelujah. [Music] Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the [Applause] praise. It makes me want to shout. Hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Amen. He's worthy this morning. Amen. He's so worthy. Amen. How many had a need that was met last night? Amen. Maybe there's some that still have a need this morning. You're still holding on. Man, he's a God that answers prayer. Amen. Listen. It's already done. before we go to prayer this evening. Well, it's already done. Just claim it this morning. Oh, it's already done. [Music] The battle is over and the victory is won. And it's already done. It's already done. It's already done. Oh, it's already done. [Music] Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won. And it's already done. And I'm already healed. Oh, I'm already here. Oh, I'm already here. For the battle is over and the victory is won and it's already done. My family is sealed. My family is sealed. Claim it this morning. Oh yes, my family is sealed. Oh, the battle is over and the victory is won. And it's already done. Oh, it's already done. Oh, it's already done in Jesus name. It's already done. Thank you, Lord. The battle is over and the victory is won and it's already done. Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won and it's already done. One more time. Oh yes, the battle is over. The victory is won and it's already done. Amen. Amen. Amen. When little David went out to meet Goliath, he said, "The battle is the Lord's." Amen. It's already done. Let's sing that one more time and then we'll have remember their Andrew come and open prayer this morning after we sing it one more time. It's already [Music] done. Oh, it's already [Music] done. The battle is over. The victory is won. and it's already done. Just a reminder that this morning's love offering will go to brother Timothy. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, what a mighty presence that we feel here in this room today. Lord, we have invited you and you have came. You have poured out your spirit upon us in a mighty way. And today we come back here one more time, Lord Jesus. Lord, for you to come and fill our cups, Lord. Lord, you see this offering that is about to be taken up, Lord, for the glory of the betterment of thy kingdom, Father. I pray that you would bless those that give, Lord Jesus. May you pour into them, Lord. And this morning, Lord, we're expecting great things from our brother Timothy. Lord, you have anointed him. I pray that the Holy Ghost would just come in a very special way today. Give us more and more of you. We love you with all that is within us. Amen. Bless you, my friend. Amen. You may be seated this morning. Amen. I was just under the impression if I had asked y'all to sit, nobody would have. So, I just assume. Amen. The brother Austin, Sister Lee, and them have a song this morning. If they could come and get ready, listen. I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? [Music] And thanks for that special night when I saw your glorious life. Came face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I thank you. If the Evening Light choir could come directly after them this evening light. Amen. We'd appreciate it. Thank you. [Music] There's something in the air. I feel it everywhere. The presence of the God of all creation. He is our hope and stay. In every walk of faith and in his name we pray in expectation. All things are possible to those who believe. We believe. Just watch and see what God can do. Just hear his promises to you. If there's a mountain that won't move, just watch and see what God can do. what God can do. What if today you find the heavens open wide and with the morning light all doubt is shattered? What if today's the day you hear the silence break and what you dare to pray is finally answered? All things are possible to those who believe and we believe. Just watch and see what God can do. must promise you. If there's a mountain that won't move, just watch and see what God can [Music] do. What God can do. Oh, let our song arise. Oh, let our voices cry. He's the God of miracles. Oh, let our song arise. Oh, let our voices cry. He's the God of mirales. Oh, let our song arise. Oh, let our voices cry. He's the God of miracles. Just watch and see what God can do. Just hear his promises to you. If there's a mountain that won't move, just watch and see what God can do. What God can do. Oh, let our song arise. Oh, let our voices ride. He's the God of mirales. Just watch and see what God can do. [Applause] [Music] This looks impossible, but you're the God of impossible. And I've seen your faithfulness all over my life. I need a miracle. But you're the God of [Music] mirales. Someway, somehow you come through every time. I know my God can do it. So I'm going to worship through it. Before I see my breakthrough, I'm going to just raise you. I will sing hallelujah to the one who can do what the world says can be done. I know my God can do it. So I'm going to worship you. In the middle of my no way out. In the middle of I don't know how. I hear you whisper to me, "Peace be still." This is why I believe that you will deliver me. You always have and you always will. You always have and you always will. I know my God can do it. So I'm going to worship you through it. Before I see my breakthrough just to praise you, I will sing hallelujah to the one who can do what the world says can be done. I know my God can do it. So I'm going to worship the way and I won't wait till the rocks cry out. I'm going to praise you. I won't wait till the walls come down. I'm going to praise you. Going to lift my hands right here right now. I'm going to praise you. Oh God, I praise you. I know my God can do it. I'm going to worship you through it before I see my way through. I'm not ashamed to praise you. I will sing hallelujah to the one who can do what the world says can't be done. I know my God can do it. So I'm going to worship through it. I know my God can do it. So I'm going to worship through it. Before I see my breakthrough, I'm going to choose to praise you. I will sing hallelujah to the one. Who can do what the world says can't be done? I know my God can do it. So I'm going to worship through it. I know my God can do it. So I'm going to worship through [Applause] it. Amen. Amen. Amen. Come. Amen. We're gonna have Oh, thank you. Amen. If brother Andrew could come this morning, he's going to sing for us. Amen. Oops. I guess I guess the girls are going to sing first. My bad. Sorry. Amen. We'll have brother Andrew right after and then we'll turn it over to brother Ber. Why would I worry when giants come calling my [Applause] name? My God is so much bigger than troubles I face. [Music] Why would I hunger for power or riches or faith? Oh, cuz my God is so much better than all of these [Applause] things. I won't be shen. I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountains. [Music] new. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. My eneies scatter cuz they know the battle is won. Oh my God is stronger. The victories already won. Oh, he died for my ransom and rose up on the third day. Oh, cuz my God is so much better than heaven the grave. I won't be sh I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. [Music] speak to the mountains. It's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. [Music] There's no mountain to high, no valley to low. There's no thing that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain to high, no valley to low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem to me. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. I won't be shen. I won't move. My God is faithful. His promise is [Music] true. Speak to the mountain. It's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you, better, stronger, greater, bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Amen. My God is awome. He can move mountains and keep me in the valley and hide me from the rain. My God is awome. He heals me when I'm broken and strength where I've been weaken forever. He will reign. And my God is awome. He's so awome. Lord, you're awome. Lord, you're awome. My God is awome. He's so awome. Lord, you're awome. Lord, you're awome. My God is [Music] awome. Amen. Praise the Lord. We serve an awesome God this morning. I was just reading in my Bible as I was sitting there before before we started the service. And Isaiah 53 says, "But he was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him. And with his stripes we are healed. All we like sheep have gone astray and have turned one to his own way. And the Lord hath laid the iniquity laid. The Lord hath laid on him the iniquity of us all. And I just had a note there. Leave it there. Amen. He laid it on him. Leave it there. Don't take it back again. Amen. Just worship with me this morning. So long I had searched for life's meaning. [Music] Enslaved by this world and its greed. Till the door of my prison was opened by love. For the ransom was paid, I was free. Oh, I'm free from the fears of tomorrow. And I'm free from the guilt of my past. And I've traded my shackles for a glorious song. I'm free. Praise the Lord. Free at last. Well, I'm free from the guilt that I once carried from a dull empty life. I'm set free. For when I met Jesus, he made me complete. He forgot the foolish man that I used to be. And oh, I'm free from the fears of tomorrow. Oh, sing it with me. Well, I'm free from the guilt of the past. Oh, and I'm traed my shackles for a glorious song. I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free at last. Oh yes, I have traded my shackles for a glorious song. I'm free. Praise the Lord. Free at last. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. And amen. Let's stand as we prepare our hearts now for God to speak to us by the way of his word. We certainly appreciate the ministry that we've had this weekend. Amen. Brother Andrew Spencer and brother Timothy Bruit. Amen. Both of them who have a father. I guess it's of my generation and they're kind of a newer generation. Amen. And just to see how that God will not Amen. let the fires die. Amen. He always raises somebody up. Amen. To preach to us. How many is appreciative of what God does in his church. So God bless. Amen. The ministers this morning, Lord. Amen. So we want to welcome him to come out and minister. Amen. We just really really appreciate him. Amen. And so, Amen. God bless you, brother Timothy. Come and take your liberty. Amen. and just have you wave as the Lord leads you. And let's sing Amazing Grace. How sweet the sound as he comes. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that [Music] single. Hallelujah. [Music] But now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see when we've been there. When we come oh 10,000 years oh my son we know the last days. Oh, thank you Lord. And when we first Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. I want to praise you, Lord. I want to worship [Music] you. Oh, praise God. Praise [Applause] God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. He's worthy of our praise. Amen. Amen. It sure has been good to be with you in this weekend of meetings and just trust that has been a blessing to you as it has been to us. And Amen. We're just thankful to be his children and called by his name. And Amen. What a privilege it is to to know the things that we know. You know, prophets and sages have longed to see the the day that we're living in. And here we got the privilege to live in this day and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. And I believe that's very soon. And we see the prophecies being fulfilled and things taking place. And you know, we see the world in its place. We see Russia in this place. We see the United States doing what she's supposed to do. We we see the uh the Cath Catholic system in their place. But I believe there's a bride in her place. Amen. And I I'm glad to be part of that and so thankful. Amen. We thank you for having us this weekend, Brother Tom, and all the different ones. God bless you. And Amen. We sure have enjoyed oursel in the presence of the Lord. And it's wonderful to have a place to come and just be yourself. And Amen. not have to worry about anything, but just just be yourself and what God called you to be. him. We've had quite a few from our church here this weekend and we sure thank them for coming. Means a lot to a fellow and they'll come 9 hours to and you're the one preaching. You know, they could hear you anytime, but we sure appreciate them and and making the trip and helping. Amen. And and and all the licks of fire that came together, every church that's here. Amen. I got my buddy, Brother David, Sister Faith there that's from Ohio. And so glad to have them today. And Amen. And also my wife, you know, was able to make it with me. We're we're kind of in moving into a different phase of life and uh getting old. That's what we're doing. Amen. And so, uh, you know, uh, we got three children that's married, one that's still not, and know she's not available, but anyway, um, she's, uh, actually with some friends in Costa Cost Costa Rica this weekend. And so, uh, enjoying some time of relaxation and but, you know, we moved into, uh, being a grandpa. And so, that's pretty good. I I enjoy that. And so, Amen. We're looking to be more grandpa, more of a grandpa, more more grandchild. That's what I told him. I said, "If I'm going to let you get married, there has to be a reward for this, right?" Amen. And so, we're we're enjoying that. But, um, Amen. We do bring you greetings from our home church, from our pastor, Brother Tim. You know, uh I I guess I realized it last time, but I forgot, but I didn't realize again till this weekend. Our churches have the same name, Evening Light Tabernacle. And And I believe that's wonderful that we can Amen. just be kindred hearts and spirits. And Amen. Uh because we serve the same God. And I I don't you may have a different name tonight or this morning, a different church you came from, but we're all the same. Amen. We come from every tribe, every nation, every tongue, every people. Amen. to live for him and to glorify his name. And amen. So God bless you today. Ephesians 1 and verse three. Amen. As we turn to the Lord, let's just bow our hearts for a moment in prayer and just go to the author of the word for a moment. Father, we just come to your day in this Lord, this closing service of this weekend of meetings, Lord. And God, we can truly say our hearts have been blessed. And Lord, we're so thankful for you coming by service after service. And the word that's been brought, Lord, and we're so thankful, Lord, that it's quickened our hearts that we can hear. And thank you, Lord, for giving us a ear to hear what the spirit is saying in this generation, Lord. And we just ask as we close these services, Lord, and that you'll just come once again and speak, Lord, with uh Lord, with your power and authority, Lord. Let let the word be the discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. We pray and God if there be any needs here Lord that you'll continue to touch and minister Lord as only you can do Lord we give this to you. We ask Lord that you would bless this this church, Lord, the pastor, Brother Tom, the ministry here, Lord, the deacons, trustees, the musicians, every heart that's represented, Lord, but not not only this church, but every church represented. May they go from this place, Lord, and Lord, just continue to walk in the grace of almighty God and the power of God be revealed in their assembly as well. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Ephesians 1 and verse three. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Bless, blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ, according as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will, to the praise of of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved, and whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace, wherein he hath abounded towards us in all wisdom and prudence, having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure, which he hath purposed in himself, that is the dispensation of the fullness of time, he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which were in heaven and which are on earth, even in him, in whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who workketh all things after the counsel of his own will, that we should be to the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ, and whom you also trusted, that after you heard the word of truth and the gospel of your salvation, and whom also after that you believed, you were sealed with that Holy Spirit of promise which is the earnest of our inheritance unto the redemption of the purchased possession unto the praise of his glory. Amen. It's all for his glory. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated today and Amen. Just like to um uh speak to you on faith in your eternal quality. Amen. But as a subtitle, I'd like to speak on I will go. Amen. I I I I I just love how Paul this Ephesians is a book that's speaking about us if you if you can realize that today. And and I I love how he says that we were chosen in Christ before the foundation of the world. He puts an eternal quality to the chosen. Amen. Because it wasn't you wasn't chosen when you gave your heart to God on an altar or when you were born here on earth, but you were actually chosen before the foundation of the world. And not only were you chosen, you were chosen that you would be holy and without blame. Amen. That's powerful right there when you can realize that I was chosen not only before the foundation of the world, but I was chosen to be holy and without blame. Even though I came into this world, Amen. a a born in sin, shaped in iniquity, came to this world speaking lies. I was still chosen to be holy and without blame and we were predestinated to the adoption of Jesus of the children by Jesus Christ. Now you know brother bring this. He said now he said he has chosen us in him Jesus before the foundation of the world. That means that you were right there with him in the mind and thoughts of God before the foundation of the world. So before you ever spoke the first lie, before you ever ever done the first sin, God had already chose you. Amen. He says, "Therefore, that gives an eternal quality to the elect." An eternal quality to the elect. You cannot get away from that. Now, you look at this word quality. It's a distinct attribute or a characteristic that's possessed by someone. In other words, we were all pre-planned by God. Amen. Nothing happens by chance to God. Amen. He knows all about it. It's all pre-planned. Planned for many generations back so that you could be here. Did you know that? Just think that you at one time, he said, I'll repeat this again. You at one time was in your father in the gene of your father. Now, he didn't know you that time. Neither did you know him. But you see, you were put in a bedding ground in the womb of the mother through the holy wedlock. And then you became a person expressed in the image like your father. Then you can have fellowship. Amen. That's what God desired there in the beginning. He desired fellowship. So he built the earth. Amen. That we could be born of the dirt. Amen. A seed could be planted there. Amen. And be rose up. Now, Satan would come and he would pervert that. And so those seeds that were ordained of God to come forth. Amen. They came forth in a perversion, in a perverted way. Amen. But God, amen, had that desire. So he he he said, "Well, I I Satan's done this, but I have a plan, and I want to be a savior. I I want to be a healer. I want to be a deliverer. And so he be to let his word work. And he began to let it to be expressed and and it expressed down through every one of the patriarchs that we could go through in the scripture. And and we can look at Abraham. We can look at Noah and we can look at Moses and we can look at David. But listen, God had more than that in his mind. Amen. He was looking all the way 6,000 years later that there would be a people that would be born in the darkest time there's ever been upon this earth. They would be born in the time of chaos, in the time that spiritual wickedness was upon the earth like never before. But there would be a seed that was placed on the inside of them that would rise above the muck and rise above the sin and rise above the unbelief. And in spite of all what the devil could do and all the devil would try to put upon your life, he would try to put sin. He would try to put drugs. He would try to put alcohol. whatever he would place upon your life in spite of that all all of that that seed that was placed in you before the foundation of the world it came up through all of that. Hallelujah. I I seen a picture one time of a little tree that was planted in the dirt and a rock come out somehow got on top of that seed but that was seed was ordained to life and that seed actually broke that rock open and came out and a tree grew out of the rock. Amen. Amen. I've seen concrete. You can you can put concrete on the ground four or five inches thick. Amen. But if there's a seed that's ordained to life, it will come to life. Amen. And I believe that the devil has tried. He's tried to put clamps. He's tried to put Amen. theologies. He's tried to put psychology. He's tried to put sin. He's tried to put everything upon your life. But in spite of it all, Amen. There's a seed on the inside and it will come to life. Amen. Your birth was no accident. Amen. Your life is not by chance. Amen. Your parents may not have planned for you to be born or you may have been given up for even adoption by your parents and they wasn't even in their mind or in their plan. But God planned for you. Amen. God planned that you would be here, that you would come in a certain time and a certain season. He could have put you back in another time, but he chose to put you in the place that he chose to put you in. And the devil can't do nothing about it. Amen. God was not surprised when you was born. He was expecting it. It is not a fate. It is not chance. It is not luck. It is not coincidence that you're breathing this very moment. You're alive because God created you. God put something on the inside. And not only that, he prescribed every single detail of your body. Oh yeah. He chose your race. He chose the color of your skin. He chose your hair. He chose every feature. He custom made your body just the way he wanted it. He also determined the talents you would have, the uniqueness of your personality. [Applause] God knows all about you this morning. You may think you're a forgotten. You may think that somebody does. Nobody cares. Nobody understands what I'm going through. But God is here to tell you this morning, I have not forgotten you. But you have been in my mind before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. I want to drop something in right now that I tell you. Oh, I done messed myself up. I tell you, I I I uh I I can't hardly read this without weeping. So, if I get a little carried away this morning, just forgive me. Well, I tell you what, won't you just get carried away with me? I thank you, buddy. Amen. Get carried away with me. Psalms 139. Now, I'm going to read out of a different translation if that's all right. I'm going to read out of a translation. Amen. The Passion translation. But it says here in verse chapter 139, it says, "Lord, you know everything there is to know about me. You perceived every movement of my heart. You understand my every thought before it even enters my mind. You're so intimately aware of me, Lord. You have read my heart like an open book. You know all the words that I'm about to speak before I even say a sentence. You know every step I take before my journey even begins." Come on. We're talking about a God who knows your details. He knows your address. He knows what you did 5 minutes ago or or 5 years ago or 50 years ago. He knows what you're going to do. He showed it very clearly in our generation. Amen. He would bring a gift upon the earth that he could speak through and he could go back in your life 50 years or he could go ahead 50 years. Amen. Time matters not to God. Amen. He says it right here. You have gone into my future to prepare the way. Woo. Hallelujah. And in kindness, you follow behind me to spare me from the harm of my past. I I don't know about you, but that's that's shouting grounds right there. God is not only in your future preparing your way. He's standing behind you to protect you from your past. The devil says, "I'm going to get you." The devil says, "I'm going to make you turn around." The devil says, "I'm going to stop you." You can't, devil, cuz there's an angel that's standing behind me. And there's an angel that's going before me. Hallelujah. This is so wonderful and deep and incomprehensible. You under your understanding of me brings wonder and strength. Where could I go from your spirit? Where could I run and hide from your face? Let me let me just let you in on something. If you're a seed of God, you can't get away from him. He has found them in a barroom. He has found them in in situations. He has found them in denominations. He has found them in all kind of places. If you're a seat of God, you cannot get away from hell. If I go up to heaven, you're there. If I go down the realms of the dead, you're there. If I fly with the wings of the shining dawn, you're there. If I fly in the radiant sunset, you're there. Wherever I go, your hand will guide me. Your strength will empower me. It's impossible to disappear from you or to ask the darkness to hide me. For your presence is everywhere, bringing light to my night. Woo! Hallelujah. I saw some this weekend that some light was brought to the darkness that was trying to shadow [Applause] them. I feel like I could walk on air right now. Amen. Amen. You formed my innermost being. You shaped the del delicate inside. You my intricate outside. You wo them all together in my mother's womb. I thank you, God, for making me so mysteriously complex. Everything you do is breathtaking. Hallelujah. It simply amazes me to think about it. How thoroughly you know me, Lord. You have formed every bone in my body. You have created me in the secret place skillfully. You shaped me from nothing into something. You saw who you created me to be before I became me. Amen. Before I even seen the light of day and the number of days you planned for me, they were already recorded in your book. Come on, somebody. That tells me right there, the devil can't minus one number. He can't take one number. They have all been recorded in his book. And if I'm ordained to live 80 years by the grace of God, then I'll live 80 years. If I'm ordained to live whatever time, Amen. 54 years and 5 months and a 17 days and 3 hours and 60 seconds. God knows exactly how long I am in the book. But let me ask in on something. He's not just talking about the life that you're living here upon this earth. I I I I have to drop this little nugget. Amen. We get so concerned about in the last days perilous time shall come. Are we here? Perilous times, right? A lot of nonsense going on out there. But I want you to understand, it ain't the last days for me. Come on, Sister Donna. It ain't your last days. Come on, church of the living God. It ain't your last days. But I can tell you whose last days it is. It's the last days for cancer. It's the last days for depression. It's the last days for [Applause] anxiety. But one day when all the cancer is gone and all the anxieties and the fears and the worry is all gone, I'll be shouting on the hill. It's not my last days. [Applause] I'm getting ready for the biggest party I've ever had. You think last night was something? You wait till I get over there and I ain't got no more tiredness. I ain't got no more weariness. I ain't got no more old age. But I'll be young forever more. I'm going to be shouting. I'm going to be glorifying God. But let me tell you saints. You ain't got to wait to get over there cuz I've already saw my name in the book. This is not my last [Applause] days. God made you for a reason. Somebody need to turn to your neighbor and say, "God made me for a reason. Now turn to your neighbor and say, "God made you for a reason." Amen. That reason wasn't to be a drug addict. That reason wasn't be to be a slave of Satan. That reason wasn't be it wasn't even to be a legalistic Christian. Some people are so legalistic in their Christianity, they ain't got enough joy in their life. Listen, if I if I had that Christianity, I'd just throw it in the trash cuz this word said it's joy unspeakable and full of glory. It's full of glory. [Applause] He planned your day in advance. [Music] He told the children of Israel, "I'm going to prepare a place." He said, "There's an angel that's going to go before you to prepare a place for you." Now, when they got over there, you know who accepted that prepared place? Those who were prepared. Cuz there was 10 spies that went and they weren't prepared. All right. All they could see was how big the walls was and how impossible it was. And God don't do that no more. And God, days of miracles are passed. And oh, I'm ashamed of that kind of worship. I'm ashamed of those kind of Amen. They saw all these walls. They saw these big old giants. They saw all kinds of things standing in their way. You know what Caleb saw? He saw a place to build his house. He said, "Come over here, Joshua. Come over here, Joshua. Come over here." Amen. See that place right there? Give me that mountain. Well, Caleb, there's giants there. There's all kind of giants there. It doesn't matter. My God gave it to me. And if my God gave it to me, Hallelujah. I'm telling you right now, why you acting like this? Cuz God gave it to me. Why you got joy? Cuz God gave it to me. Why you got peace? Cuz God gave it to me. I got a joy that the world didn't give and the world can't take away. [Applause] [Music] That was just a pre-ervice. [Applause] I kind of need to wor maybe read a warning label right now. Hallelujah. He planned the days of your life in advance. He chose the exact time of your birth and the exact moment you're going to leave here. And let me tell you, if you're ordained for a rapture, a body change, there ain't a demon of cancer that can take you [Applause] beforehand. If you ordained to be one of those that are alive and remain, they ain't nothing can take you out of here. He left no detail to chance. He planned it all for his purpose. This is what he said in Acts 17 26. He said me, he made from every man, every nation of mankind to live on the face of the earth, having determined their appointed times and boundaries of their lands and territories. This was so that they would seek God. Right? Now, I I love that because he planned where you would be born. He and where you would live for his purpose. Your race, your nationality were not by accident. Nothing in your life is by some random choice or some whim. It's all for purp for a purpose. Most amazingly, God decided how you would be born. You know, regardless of the circumstances of your birth and who your parents are, God had a plan. It doesn't matter if you come through a junkard, you come through a prostitute, Come on. Or let me just say it. Ill illegitimately born. That's right. Go read what brother Brandham said about that. He said it was asked the question. He starts looking at it and he starts, well, I don't know how it could be that somebody God would pre-ordain this. And he gets all the way down to it. He said, "But the blood, if it wasn't for the blood of Jesus Christ, cuz we're not under the blood of bulls and goats no more. Under the blood of go bulls and goats, they couldn't come in for 14 generations. But under the blood of a righteous lamb, there's enough blood that'll rewrite your past. It'll rewrite everything about you. You might have been born illegitimately. You listen, there ain't not one of us in our in this whole sitting right here can go back 14 generations and prove we were perfect blood or we were righteous blood and that none of that was in our our geneal. Ain't none of us could. But the devil sure likes to hang that over somebody's head. Well, you're just an accident. God didn't plant. You are not an accident. That's what I'm trying to get to you this morning, young people. You are not an accident. Oh, folks. You are not an accident. Amen. No matter whether your parents were good, bad or indifferent, God knew that those two individuals expect possessed exactly the right genetic makeup to create the custom you he had in mind. So he they had the DNA God wanted to make you. God purpose took into account human error. It took into account even sin. God does not do anything accidentally. He never makes a mistake. Woo! Hey, that's some shouting ground right there. Cuz the devil's always trying to tell you, you was a mistake. You're a failure. You'll never amount to nothing. I've got you. You can't get loose. But let me tell you something, devil. There was something on the inside of me that in spite of all your threats, in spite of all your words, it rose up above it. Hallelujah. Of course, the only way, Amen. you're going to be a son or daughter, you have to have eternal life. There's only one form of eternal life, and that's God's life. That's only one form of eternal life. That was God. There there was to be a son of God, you had to be in him always. How was you in him? Just like you was in the gene of your father. A gene of your father. You was in his mind. Now, us as humans, we can don't have the abilities of God. I I couldn't see Adriana, my daughter, the first born, who what she was going to look like and what characteristics she was going to have. But I knew I had a longing for children. All right. I knew I had a longing for for for for something to be expressed from me. So God brought me to Sister Ruth that that there would be a bedding ground. Come on. Amen. So that these four children could be expressed. Amen. I didn't even know who who would be. I didn't know how it would be. But God in his mercy and grace, he knew. Now, God is not like us. He knows. He knows. I want a certain person a certain way. Listen, he made Joe Adams to be a certain way with a certain tick, right? I mean, were y'all laughing? Well, y'all got a certain tick, too. Every one of us do. Let me ask you, how boring would this world be if we was all Timothy Puitz or we was all Joe Adams or we was all Toms or we was all whoever here to this morning. Just want that same person. Listen, God makes people different. Different ticks. I ain't talking about those out in the woods. I'm talking about personalities. Come on. It'd either be a real boring service or it would be a shout and hallelujah kind of service. But listen, it ain't all about Amen. You know, people think, well, I I I I got to shout. I got to No, here's what you got to do. Okay, I just give you what you got to do. When God moves, you move with him 100%. [Applause] Now, your 100% might be just lifting your hands and tears coming down your face. Your 100% might be waving some hankies and dancing up and down the aisle. But whatever it is, you move 100%. When God moves, you move. Whatever it is, give way to the spirit of God. If it's nothing but lifting up your hands and a hallelujah come out, let it come out. That's good. You're nothing but the manifestation of the gene of life that was in God as a son of God. But now you're expressed after his word has come to you, the light of this age. We you're expressing God's life in you because you are son and daughter of God. You're sitting in this church because it's your duty to express God. Hallelujah. Anyhow, I'm not going to let the devil get me down. It's your duty to express God wherever you are. God knew that you would be here because you had to be one of his genes or his attributes. If you got eternal life, then it was always was eternal life. God before the foundation of the world knew you would be here. Hallelujah. Amen. We're all attributes of God. Not living by creeds, not living by denominationalism, but we're living by the word of God. Because the bride is part of the bridegroom. Like any wife is part of her husband. We must be that word bride, the manifestation of this hour. Come on. Amen. Moses wasn't called to be the manifestation of right here. Can I say it? Brother Brandon wasn't even called to be the manifestation of 2025. All right. What is a manif what is a manifestation? It's the word made flesh. All right. So, but there is somebody called to be the manifestation of this hour. Martin Luther could not express the attributes we express. No, he couldn't do it. Amen. If he would have expressed the attributes we expressed, he'd have went in the rapture. Yeah, that's right. Cuz that's the attributes that's on the inside of us. Come on, somebody. Amen. The Bible expresses it. We're moving into a place. He said the great church that was established on the day of Pentecost by sending the Holy Ghost had to suffer martyrdom and go into the dirt into the earth and come again and the dark age to bring forth the age of Luther and Wesley all the way down till back to where it's a full stature of the bride of Jesus Christ for this last day. Therefore, the bride in the rapture will come forth because it's pre-planned by God. It's all backed up. God in his great for knowledge knew it. He said, "Don't stumble at that word predestination." Don't stumble at it. You heard about stumbling last night. Don't stumble at that. Well, I don't know. You know, when people stumble at it, they say, "Well, I will be will be." So, what difference does it make? No. Yeah. God has predestinated by his fornowledge. Cuz he saw you at the end what that you would be the same that you were at the beginning. He knew what choice you would make. Now you're always we're all here on choice. You came to church this morning by choice. Come on. You got up this morning by choice. You dressed in what you dressed in by choice. Well, maybe some of you men didn't. I don't know. But by choice. Catch that tomorrow maybe. But you you're you're expressing something. There's something. Amen. You listen. You worship God by choice. That's right. Listen. Our our worship to God should not be dictated by what's around us and circumstances around us. We, you know, I know we got a wonderful atmosphere and there's a lot of believers here, but you're going to go back to to your church or wherever you're from or or this church will be here. But listen, you worship God by choice. It don't have to be a special meeting to worship God. It can be on a Wednesday night that you have fought through hell and you have fought through everything and you come to the house of God. Why do we do that? We fight and we fight to get here. Then we just sit down and we just go through the motions and we just go through it and we go back. No. If I'm going to fight to get here, I'm going to fight while I'm here. I'm going to give everything I have cuz he gave everything for me. [Applause] There's nothing like a praise when you're down in the valley. That's true praise. That's true adoration. That when you're down in the valley and and every demon is against you and Satan has attacked your body or attacked your mind in spite of it all, you'll still raise some hands up and you'll still give glory to God. And you when that rained against the fall, you'll still praise him. Hallelujah. Now, we know the rain falls on the just and the unjust. But there's nothing wrong with the rain. That doesn't make the rain wrong. If somebody that's unjust spray lifts their hands and praises. That's what he said in the Bible. He said when the rain comes, it falls on the tears and the wheat. And brother Bham had this question. He's like, why? Why is one can get up and and he can prophesy and be just exactly the truth. And you know the story there was a translation of tongues went forth. One gave this tongues and other translated. He shook both of them's hand. He said one of them was a Christian, one of them wasn't. And he had this question why how can this be that that that that can happen? And God showed in the scripture that the rain falls on the just and the unjust. Right. But somehow we get in our mind that, you know, we we we if we we get emotional or something like that, you know, listen, I think if we ought to if if you're nothing but a tear, you ought at least be a biblical tear. Raise your hands up and rejoice. But I'm not a tear. [Music] But I can say this. If a tear can rejoice, If a tear can praise God, if a tear can say hallelujah and think, what can a true witch has been born of the spirit of God, what can they [Applause] do? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. In very plain language, the true bride of Christ was in the mind of God eternally, though not expressed until it came forth in his designated decreed season. So each member came forth to become expressed to look take his place in the body. Thus this bride is the literal spoken word seed bride. Is the sun the spoken word? Do you ever worry about it coming up in the morning? Come on. Go ahead. Is the moon the spoken word to stars earth? Well, you're also the spoken word. So why are you worrying about things when God's got the answer for it all? We heard it last night. We have the answer. He's got the answer for your situation. He's got the answer for your need. Come on, somebody. I know he does. He'll send the answer before while you're crying out about it and you're crying and lamenting before God sometimes will send the answer and it's already there. That's right. Can I tell you a little testimony? I just feel to do it right now. My wife's been going through a lot of health issues and have I have a lot of have had a lot of uh expenses and things from that and and and all kinds of other things were going on in our life a couple of years ago and and I I was just like, you know, trying to remodel some things in my house and couldn't never get ahead. You know how it is. Yeah. Well, some of you do. All right. Anyway, on a Friday, I was crying out to God. On a Saturday, Sunday, I got up and I led the singing. Did I feel like leading the singing? Nope. Did people know I didn't feel like leading the singing? Nope. That's a good lesson right there. You know, we we don't feel like coming to church, but we want to make sure when we get here and everybody knows we didn't feel like coming. Come on. That's one thing I appreciate about Brother Ron Spencer is he's been fighting a fight for 5 years, but there's a lot of people does not even have a clue because you ask him, you talk to him, there's a smile on his face. He might have been puking his guts up just a few minutes before, but there's a smile on his face. Hallelujah. Anyhow, come on, somebody. Amen. It get you say, "Well, I'm just a hypocrite." No, you're not a hypocrite. I don't want to be a hypocrite. I just We had a fuss on the way to church, and I want everybody to know I had a fuss. Listen, the church don't need to know about your Oh, I'm getting into some things right now. Help me. Is this okay, Brother Tom? We're here anyway. Lord, help me. Amen. And you know, church don't need to know about your fuss. What the church needs to see is hands lifted up and praises given to God. [Applause] [Music] But I tell you, when I got through, I went to my back room, back office, and I fell on the floor, and I said, "God, I need you to move. I need some help. I need I I need to know that you have seen me, and you know what I'm going through. I I feel like I'm just I'm losing my grip. Next morning on a Monday morning, uh Sister Ruth would go and take a little walk with one of her daughter-in-laws and and and we had been away from the house and hadn't been even home till Saturday, I believe it was, and we failed to check the mail. Anyway, she walked by the mailbox and it was before the mailman run that morning and uh she opened the mailbox and there was a card in there and and and so she brings it in. I'm sitting on the couch and I'm going to be honest with you, I didn't feel real anointed. All right. I I didn't feel like it was a great Monday. I mean, you know, and she said, "Here, something for you." I said, "For me." And I open it up and there's a card giving thanksgiving for a life that was surrendered to Christ and how how you've touched many. And and I open it up and there's a check that's wrote out. And it's not just enough, it's more than enough. [Applause] And I got to realizing while I was crying, while I was calling out to God, God was looking at me and said, "Will you just go to the mailbox? I've already provided for your need before you ever got here. I've already got somebody that was sensitive to hear the spirit of God and write out a check and send it to you. Come on, somebody. This is what he's been telling you this whole weekend. Amen. I've already got a mailbox full of promises of God. All you got to do is go to the word. Go to the promises of God. God's got enough. He's not just enough. He's more than enough. [Applause] on the way to on the we read it the other night. I didn't tie it in, but I'll do it right now. On the road to Emmas, they're worried about things. They're wondering about things and how can these things be here? We thought he's going to be a prophet here. We thought he's going to be a deliverer. And look, they died and somebody said he rose, but we can't find his body. And we don't all kind of question. All of a sudden, while they're thinking about him, he steps out of the bushes. Hallelujah. Brother Bram said, you know, when you're talking about him, you're thinking about him. That's when he comes around and he steps out of the bushes and he begins to talk to him. Now, their eyes didn't see who they did. They say their eyes were veiled and they couldn't see him. Cuz he had a body change. Come on, somebody. Before Before the B before the cross, even the even the Pharisees were looking said, "You're not a man over 50." He wasn't even he was about 30 years old. He looking old. Brother Andrew, you know he's a young whippers snapper. Jump all over this place, shout and dance. I wish I could do that. He young. But even this morning, he said, "I feel like I'm about 80 years old." Yeah. What am I going to feel like when I get done? But here, he's had a body change. All right. He don't he don't look like he did at the cross. It's he's been glorified and their eyes were veiled to see who he was. But he began to explain to them and tell them about what he did all the way from Moses all the way down. And the scripture says he made as if he would go further and they constrained him. Said, "No, no, no, no, no. Uh-uh. You've been telling us some good things. Come on in here." Hallelujah. And the Bible says as they were sitting down to eat, he be to break bread. And when he broke the bread, their eyes came open. [Applause] Why was that? Why did their eyes come out? It wasn't a certain way that he held the bread or he tore the bread. When he tore the bread, there was another piece there. Hallelujah. Amen. He was still the same yesterday, today, and forever. When he tore it, there was another piece there. When he tore it, that tells me he's got enough. And he's not just enough. He's more than enough. I'm here to tell you this morning, maybe you haven't got your peace yet, but he's got a peace for you. He's got some bread of life that he can give you even now, cuz he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's a provider of your needs. Now, he said, Brother Brandon said, I I mentioned this the other night, but I I want to I I want to bring this down. He says, "We did not become seed. By the rebirth, we were seeds and therefore we could be reborn." For only the elect can be reborn because we were seed. That's the reason we could be quickened. Hallelujah. That's the reason why you could have been in some denominational system, but all of a sudden you heard a sound. Something quickened on the inside of you. Amen. I told about our brother in our church, Brother Elder Dale. Black brothers over in Mississippi. Amen. this young man come by his way and said and just be to talk to him said you know it wasn't the apple in the garden he said what what was it he began to explain to him serpent seed and brother it's something on the inside be to quicken he said I always knew I always questioned that always wondered how could it be an apple how could it be fruit and that caused all that we're going through I knew it had to be more than that and he told that brother he said when you he said I don't want you to be gone long now he said I want you to come on back and tell me some more and he got to hearing the word of God and he got to believe in the word of God and God came down and showed him who he was. That he wasn't hell of born in sin shaped in iniquity but he was a son of God before the foundation of the world. Amen. And all of a sudden it quickened his life to eternal life. Quicken that seed that was on the inside of him. Sometimes you wonder why didn't this get it? Why don't that one get it? Why don't that one get it? there. If they ain't got no seed, there ain't nothing to quicken. But if there's a seed on the inside, amen. When that light strikes that seed, it will come to life. That's thus sayeth the Lord. [Applause] He says, "No, nonseed there's nothing to quicken." He said, "Now let's take the next step. Redeem means to buy back. It restores back to the original owner by God by his death. the shed blood, brought back his own. He brought back the spoken word. See, bribe, my sheep hear my voice and they follow me. You always were a sheep. Come on. You never was a pig or a dog. Can I just say it in our language? You never was a Methodist or a Baptist or a Presbyterian or That wasn't who you was or Amish or Menite. That's not who you was. Amen. There was something on the inside. It's impossible for that is impossible for every kind of life produce the same kind. There's no change in species. So you never was a pig or a dog that was turned to a sheep. No. No. You was always a sheep. You was always a son. You were always a daughter. And if you always were, you always will be. Amen. A son of God though can go a long time before he recognizes he's a son. It's kind of like that story brother tells several times about that little baby eagle that was hatched out under a hen and he knew something was wrong. He said that eagle is a type of every true believer. The farmer had taken that egg of that from that eagle's nest and put it under a hen. In due time, all the eggs were hatched hatched hatched out on that hen. And baby chicks got along fine with the mother hen. But the little eagle could figure couldn't figure out what all this clucking and scratching for food in a manure pile was all about. He wasn't born for a chicken pin. He was born to eat chickens. [Applause] Come on, somebody. Hallelujah. I like that. Now come on, brother Juwel. Brother Juel for he'd like that real good, wouldn't he? He'd born to eat chicken. But one day from way up in the air, Amen. as he was pecking around trying to find a little food here and a little crumb there, it never would satisfy. Come on. You know what that was like. Some of y'all pecked around in denominational systems for years and years, but something would never satisfy. It was something on the inside. There's got to be more. There's got to be something more. I I can't just get enough out of this three head. Amen. Three God system. I can't get enough out of being baptized in the name of the father, son, and holy ghost. There's got to be more. And all of a sudden, there came a scream from a different dimension. It's eagle just a picking around and he hears a scream. He looks up. Now, when that scream happened, I can tell you what happened to all them chickens. They scattered. No, it ain't for me. Yes. Days of miracles are passed. Ain't no such a thing as a baptism of the Holy Ghost. Ain't run back to the roof. But that eagle on the inside. Woo. That's what I'm talking about. That's where I came from. That's who I really am. How can I get up there? How can I get up there? That scream come out. Why don't you just just jump on up to justification? Jump on up to sanctification. Get on up to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Adopted sons and daughters of Jesus Christ. You were given two wings. Oh my. You didn't realize that while you was in that chicken yard, you were never a chicken. You was always an eagle. You always had an eagle beak. You always had an eagle nature. You always had eagle wings. Woo. Amen. No storms of life. Amen. A chicken can't fly in them, but an eagle is destined to fly. Amen. When the storms come, it don't do nothing but lift him up higher, cuz they were given wings to fly. But yet, this eagle in the chicken yard had a decision to make. Are you going to jump up? Are you going to get up? How long you going to sit there? How long you going to allow yourself to stay in that situation? All right. He had to come to recognize he wasn't made for a barnyard. Brother Brandham talks about this and he reads a scripture. He says, and this is where I want to tie this into, I will go. He said they called Rebecca and said to her, "Wil thou go with this man?" And she said, "I will go." He said, you know, you've been forced to make decisions. There's times we have come to a place where we got to say yes or no. That's human life. There's a time when we cannot stand neutral. Come on, somebody. There's a time you cannot no longer stand neutral about the moving of the spirit. You can't stand neutral about the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. We're not just puttering around in neutral. Listen, brother Brandon, when he left, he left a car that would drive. Remember what he talked about? He talked about the dynamics and the mechanics. He said, "Some people's got all the mechanics and they they can polish up the hubs and they got a beautiful car." He said, "But it ain't got a lick of spark on the inside. You can [Applause] rang and it won't crank up." He said, "Why?" Cuz they they put water in the tank. He said, "What? It needs some good gasoline. He said, "But not only does it need gasoline, it's also got to have a spark that'll spark it off." Come on. That's why he would tell us. He said, "We have spent too much time on the mechanics and not enough time on the dynamics." Come on. We have taught this and we have taught that and we have taught this and we have taught that. Amen. A lot of mechanics, but amen. The word of God is the dynamics. It's the spirit of God that'll bring a church, amen, a body to life again. We need both. You got to have two wings to fly. You know how we I was I've had a farm and we've had chickens. You know how you keep a chicken from getting out? Clip one of his wings. It'll flutter and carry on and it can't never get up above a fence about this high. That's what the devil has done. He's come through and clipped the wing. He's either took the word out or he's took the spirit out. Good right there. Come on, somebody. We got to have both to fly. We got to have the Old and the New Testament. We got to have spirit and truth. We got to have word and we got to have spirit because the spirit is what makes the word live. Amen. The spirit I mean the prophet Paul would say about it. He says the word the letter kleth but the spirit giveth life. Amen. You can have a bunch of word and let me tell you the word without spirit is nothing but a bunch of intellectual ideas and psychology and their own man's creeds and dogmas. But if you can get the spirit into the word, the spirit will carry the word to the people and then they can receive it. This is why we got to have the moving of the spirit. This is why we got to have the Holy Ghost to have freedom in our lives. He's been bound up long enough in creeds of denominational systems. Well, I ain't no denomination. Well, let me tell you, the message is also can denominationalize. [Music] Oh, you're saying, "No, I don't believe that the message." Well, let me tell you. Let me make a differential here. Amen. The word never will. The word didn't in Luther's day. The word didn't in uh Wesley's day. It moved right on. The people did. The movement did. And the cycle of revival and death has never failed. Let me tell you, this message as far as the movement is going to go down into death. I know that hurts a lot of people. Amen. Because the movement is going to die. It's never failed. But that word will not die. This word will not fail. This word is going to catch somebody and they're going to move beyond the shackles of denominations and beyond the shackles of some man's idea and beyond the shackles of human intellectual understanding and they're going to fly into the heavenlies. Oh, I pray that the winds of the Holy Spirit will move through this building and lift you up. [Music] That's what the devil wants to do. wants to come along our message movement and clip out a spirit or clip out the word. All right. We got to have both. He said, he said, "But the time came for Abraham to make a decision for his son Isaac." He said he had waited for him and received him as one from the dead. But the time came to make a decision who will be his helpmate. See, God don't make all of our decisions. I'm I'm bringing a balance. See, God doesn't bring make all of our decisions. There's many times that God doesn't even tell his prophet just what to do. Oh, that that hurt a lot of people's feelings right there. But that's what he said. He said, "If there's no decision we have to make, just wait on a move on God. Wait wait wait wait ever move on God, then there'll be and then we'd just wait for him to move every time. We didn't have to make no decision. There wouldn't be no overcoming on our part." And he said, "And sometimes we make the wrong decisions." He said, "Look, now this is what he said. God's anointed prophets make the wrong decisions." Uh-oh. Many times they are deceived. Right. What? Well, the Bible says Elijah was a man loved like passions. He was a man. And it's no different than the Elijah that came in this ministry. Amen. The spirit of Christ that came, but he used a man. I know some people want to make him lift him up and God gone. Everything on the tapes says, "Thus sayaith the Lord." No. Everything on the tapes is not thus sayeth the Lord. Brother Brandham even said it himself. He said, "You got to watch. Some of this is just William Brandom." Come on. But the message, the word is thus sayeth the Lord. Yes, sir. Amen. It is thus sayith the Lord. Thus sayith the Lord is on the text. That's right. I hope you understand what I'm trying to say there. He said, "See, even Elijah, the mighty man of God, when the Shounomite woman came rushing in weepingly, Elijah knew that she was troubled, but he said, "God has kept it from me." Yeah. So at the time being allotted every man to make a decision whether he's a preacher or a prophet or a church member whatever more he's got to make a decision the time came and Abraham was determined he did not want his son to marry an unbeliever that's a good good thing to follow that would be a good decision for Christians today who are sons and daughters of Abraham make the same decision about your children it didn't make any difference how pretty those unbelieving girls were how nice the women were but Abraham didn't want his son connected with that kind of stuff so he had to make a decision the time came and he made a decision. So, we learned a beautiful lesson. A type of God, the father hunting for a servant to go find a bride for his son. That's what the father's done today. He's looking over his group to see someone he can put trust in. And I can say he found it. Amen. The prophet that came in this generation, William Brandom, there was somebody God could put his trust in. Cuz if anybody else would have took it, they' have sold it for millions of dollars. They'd have sold it for fleets of Cadillac. But he put all of that aside. I mean, look what Billy Graham did with the gift he had in his life. Or or Roberts with a gift they had in their life. What could he done with that gift? People tried to, I'll write you a $2 million check if you'll come pray, but if God told him not to, he wouldn't go. Just laying a few things here. We're going somewhere. He says many goes just for what money they can get out it. Other goes to make a great name for themselves. Other goes to be popular. He said but Abraham represents the model servant. And Eleazar represents a model servant. He said that he how he did not go until he was sent. Come on somebody. That's where a preacher needs to make sure they're sent. not by another man or even their own desires, but they're sent by God. I mean, I I I grew up as a preacher son, but you know what? My father wouldn't let anybody he wouldn't let anybody ever ask me if I was going to be a preacher. He said, "Because I know if he you put that in him and he begins to have that desire, Amen. because of some man said something or I said something," he said, "If if it's put in there by man's desire, man will have to take care of him." All right. But if it's a desire that God has put in there, a gift and a calling that God has placed there. He said, "Then God will take care of him." And listen, I had to battle it out. I battled it out for nights and days and months, even years. Amen. I would even get married. Sister Roo, she didn't even know she was going to marry a preacher. Pray for her. Amen. And here for years, I wouldn't even read I wouldn't even read the Bible. I wouldn't even pray because it was so strike me and I knew what it was and I was so scared of it cuz I knew what the calling was and I knew the responsibility and I knew it wasn't just something I can go out on a whim and say I don't want to work. I don't want to do that. I want to be a preacher. I don't know how anybody I don't even know why I'm here but we're here anyway. I don't know why anybody wants to be a preacher. I don't get it. If you want to be a preacher, it gives me a thought in my mind that you probably ain't one. Oh, what the prophet said, God called men. Go listen to it. He said, "We don't need just men. We need God called men." That's the reason why we got a lot of problems already in the message cuz men, they get this idea that this is what they are and who they are and they put their own intellectual ability to it and they're men called or man called or their own called. But God needs God called men. [Applause] You know why? Cuz God is looking for men today that'll move when the spirit moves. Direct quote. Anywhere that he may sin, that's a model servant. Not only that, but when he got to his place, the message was to be given. He never boasted on himself. He never spoke about how great he was or how great his meetings was or how anything about himself. He wasn't a boaster or proud. He only spoke of his master and his master's wealth. and that his master had a son that was going to fall heir to everything the master had. What a beautiful picture of a real servant of God. His whole attention was on the master telling the people not about himself but about the master and the master has a son and he's going to fall heir to it all. He said but Eleazar was confronted with a great problem like ministers are today. There's a whole lot of women we could choose from, but God has one ordained. All right. And here he is. Here he comes down to the well or before he goes, he says, "I I what he starts questioning. He said, "What if this woman won't come? What if I tell her these things? What if she doesn't come?" He had a decision. He's tore up about it. And Abraham says, "But the angel of God will go before you." Yeah. He said, "I like that so much cuz that fits my case right there. The angel of the Lord shall go before you. He'll persuade her." And God sent his angel with the messenger. That's the way he does. He sent it with Daniel. He sent it with Paul. He sent it with with so many down through the scriptures. Amen. He said, "But here he was." was he said he he he said he said he came down to that well and he's like Lord Lord I'm asking you now that that you come and you you you anoint the one that that's going to be Isaac's wife that she'll not only give me water but she'll also water the camels. Amen. And he and he said and he said brother Brandon brings it like this brings it so beautiful. Just give me just a moment. He said it was about the time Amen. Rebecca was sitting there and here she is maybe wondering what's her purpose and why she's here. Why was I born in this certain family? He said, "But all of a sudden something begin to stir on the inside of her." He said, "Why?" He said, "I believe the angel of the Lord beat Eleazar to the well by about a half an hour." Good lance. Do you know what's been here before you even got here? Do you know why the blessings have been flowing like they've been flowing? Cuz the angel was here before you got here. Hallelujah. He will send his angels before you and that will make the way clear. He said it must have been that angel that tapped on her Rebecca's heart and said go to the well. She don't know what's happened and she don't know why and she don't know where or what's going on. And here she comes. He said it's the church the same as the church. The evening lights are here. It's time for that angel of the Lord. The supernatural is revealing himself to a Rebecca again to go to Isaac. Somehow or another, she's moved to go to the waters of life. Oh my, my heart's rejoicing with praise. I can hardly preach when I think of it. The evening time has come. The angels of the Lord and the message goes forth and it's wooing a Rebecca to come to the waters of life moving of the supernatural. Amen. Elazer said, "Oh Lord God, I need something supernatural to happen. You've sent my angel before me. Now let him do something. He knows who's supposed to be. He knows the girl. Let the woman that comes and gives me a drink out of the picture, may she also water my camels without asking, let it be that one be the one. And no more, and he said it, Rebecca came to the well. God's right on time. He said, "No more than your heart will go to hunger and thirsting for God, some kind of Holy Ghost revival will break out." [Applause] You know why we're having these meetings? Cuz somebody was hungry. Somebody was thirsty. Somebody said, "I want a fresh drink at the water of life. Somebody was praying. Somebody was asking. Somebody was knocking. Somebody was seeking." Hallelujah. Why did Rebecca make that sudden move? Why did she go to the waters of life so quickly? Why could the angel speak to her? Oh my. Why would she do that? Oh, I got your attention right now. Cuz she was blood relation to Isaac. Hallelujah. Why would you move towards God? Why would you move into the supernatural realm? Why would you hunger and thirst? Why would you have that? Cuz you are blood relation to Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. The one that the angel can speak to. It's a blood relation. The blood. We're born in the body of Christ. I She was Isaac's cousin by both fathers. Both of them blood relation. God was showing a type. He's brought us nigh by the blood. Blood relationship. The bride of Jesus Christ is sanctified through the bl blood of Christ, an open vessel for the Holy Spirit to speak to. No wonder you'll come to the waters of life. He that heareth, let him come to the waters of life freely. The bride said, "Come. He that is thirst, let him come. Blessed are you that hunger and thirst for righteousness, for you shall be filled." She made her decision. Yes, sir. Now watch as she comes out. She walks down and he had said these words, "Let whoever waters me and the camels, let her be the one you chose." And Rebecca went and watered the camels and gave him a drink. And then she watered the animals. The Oh, God. Do you know how hard that was? That wasn't just one trip. Come on. Do you know that a thirsty camel can drink about 30 gallons at one time? If we do our math, 30 gallons times 10 camels is 300 gallons. Assuming Rebecca was a strong woman, maybe she could carry five gallons of water one time. 300 gallons at 5 gallons is 60 trips. Come on, Rebecca. And we get tired after one service. Yeah, preach. We get tired after about 15 minutes. [Applause] Oh, help us, Lord Jesus. I I'll preach so I preach somewhere. The same people that get tired after 30 minutes of preaching, the same people that can watch a 2-hour movie, sit at a three-hour ball game, not think nothing about [Applause] it. Come on. It's time we bring our flesh subject to the word of God. Amen. And she didn't just give him one little sip of water. She watered his camels. And listen what brother Brandham said. He said an animal represents a beast. And a beast is a beast of burden, which means power in the Bible. He said the very animal she was watering was the very animal that was going to pack her back to see her bridegroom. He said, "What is watering? What is watering?" The very power that you're watering now with praises and thanksgiving and glory and power and might is the very Holy Spirit. The very Holy Spirit that's going to pack you back to your bridegroom. [Applause] Well, you say, "Well, brother Timothy, I'm going tell you it's nothing but emotion. Just is all this is but what if you want to believe that? You believe that all you want to I can't I'm not here to even change your mind. Well, I got a lot of quotes about emotion, brother Timothy. I got a lot of quotes about bubble dancing. Let me tell you, those quotes were about word rejectors. If you read them for who he's talking about, he was talking to the Pentecostal church that was taking a tongue or taking a sign, taking a wonder, but they didn't want the word. They didn't want the word that could change their life and make them dress right, make them act right, make them look right, make them live right. They didn't want none of that. They rejected the word. But we are not [Applause] rewarders. We are not bubble dancers. Now, I'm going to get real real right now and real frank. I I didn't know what a bubble dancer was a while ago. That's where I hit that, brother. I I I said, "Man, what is in the world is he talking about a bubble dancer?" I looked it up. You know what Wikipedia said? It was a dance that was made popular in the 1930s. It was a dance performed by a nude or nearly nude woman with a balloon in front of her to make provocative moves. We are not that woman. That woman is of Leota. We are not wretched. We are not poor. We are not blind. We are not naked and don't know it. We are the woman that's found dressed in the word of God. We are the woman that's found robed in the robe of his righteousness. We are not that woman dancing to rock and roll. We are the one that's marching in step. Oh, we're Christian soldiers. Hallelujah. And let me tell you, I don't care. And while I'm marching, if a few devils get in my way, every devil is under my feet. I'm not a word rejector. I'm a son and daughter of almighty God. I have been born by both by the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. He saved me. He sanctified me. He justified me as though I never done it. He filled me with the Holy Ghost. If anybody got a right to praise him, I got a right to praise him. If anybody got a right, amen, to walk over devils, I got a right to walk over If anybody's got a right to walk over cancer. Amen. Our sister has a right to walk over cancer. I'm not a bubble dancer. I am a dancer [Applause] though. Hallelujah. We have received the word. We have been healed by the word. We have been changed by the word. [Applause] And therefore, when the word comes, let me tell you, when you see the word and you see it manifested in your day, oh yeah, it'll bring some emotion. John saw it. He saw a lamb that was worthy. It' been asked, "Is there any man worthy?" And all heaven was searching. All heaven was looking around. But all of a sudden, a voice spoke and said, "There's a lamb." Woo! There's a lamb who's worthy to open the book and loose the seals thereof. And when that book came open, there was a voice of many angels be to shout. And the number 10,000 times, 10,000 and thousands of thousand saying with a quiet voice, whispering, "With a loud voice, with a loud voice, worthy. Woo! Hallelujah. Anybody want to say that this morning? He's worthy. Worthy is a lamb that was slain to receive power and riches and wisdom and strength and honor and glory and blessing. And every creature which is in heaven and on earth and under the earth and such are in the sea and all that there in him heard I whispering. No. All them Christians heard him. All them preachers heard him. He went praise God. Hallelujah. When I saw my name, [Applause] come on. When I saw my name written in the lamb's book of life, and if it's been wrote there, there ain't a devil's got a big enough eraser to take it out. Brother Tommy drugs couldn't take it out. Amen. Felonies couldn't take it out. Nothing could take it out. There was a seed on the inside. [Applause] Well, what makes a seed grow? Water. Water. What makes the word of God grow? Praises of God. Hello. He said, "Let it settle in your heart. I don't care if you're in a wheelchair, you're in a cot, you got heart trouble, you got cancer, you're in radio land, and hospitals, wherever you be. If you can receive God's word in your heart and you can start praising God and thanking God for giving you, Amen, his healing power, it'll grow a tree. It'll grow a tree of healing. It'll grow a tree of deliverance. It'll grow a tree of salvation. But you got to drink and you got to water it and you got to drink. Then you might be in a wheelchair and you drink enough you'll come out. Hallelujah. You just go ahead and stand up. I ain't done but we can stand cuz we about to water this word. Come on. That's why worship is important. But let me tell you, worship before the word comes out is not no more important than worship after the word comes. Come on now. That ain't the time when the words preacher says, "Amen." You start thinking about mashed potatoes and gravy and all that. No, you need to start thanking God. You may not have seen the mountain move, but you need to start going ahead and say, "Thank you, God. I want to thank you that you save me. I want to thank you that you heal me. I want to thank you that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You know, in the last year, in the last year, some of y'all, most of y'all probably know my bird, my wife's become a bird watcher. But let me let me tell you, I hit this quote this morning. I see why she watches them. You know, birds are happy. That's right. You know they're happy. You never seen one of them with a great drawn down look like you have sometimes. Well, brother Brother Juwel will call it the wy wowy woos. You y'all probably heard that. Nobody like me. Nobody preacher. He ain't never even come seen me. Hey, when I was saying stand up, I was talking about you in the balcony, too. Come on. We in this together. [Laughter] [Applause] [Music] You said, "You never saw one of them great with a great drawn up. Look, little bird gets up real early in the morning, just start singing." Let me tell you, that's the truth. At our our place we're staying, about 5:00 like I'm trying to sleep. Amen. What happened? He wants to glorify me by his maker. That's all. He talks about a night and gale who would keep his head looking up upwards. He would watch and he would see the signs in the heaven. And when he saw the sign, he would begin to sing. He would begin to shout. He would begin to praise God. He said, "That's what I think about a good oldfashioned Holy Ghost meeting when I can hear a good old hearty." Amen. Hallelujah. Somebody jump up and down and scream a little bit. Amen. I know the sun is shining somewhere. Come on now. You not can see nothing but clouds, but I can tell you right now, the sun is up. Maybe you come in and the clouds been over you. If you'll start singing the praises of Almighty God, all of a sudden it would break out and you could see the rays of the presence of God shining all around you. Hallelujah. Rebecca hardly knowing what she was doing, she began to water those camels, those beasts of burdens, and she would bring water, bucket after bucket, praise after praise, worship after worship, glory after glory, power after power. What was she doing? She was watering the same beast that was going to take her from this place she's in now to a new home. Hallelujah. Well, I'm going to wait till I see that home before I shout, you ain't never going to see it. Cuz all you're going to see is your clouds and your unbelief and your dolmans and your creeds. But if you can break out of that thing for a moment, well, that ain't my mold. That ain't who I am. Why don't you just break out of it? [Applause] How does a get out of an egg? Starts pecking at the decreed time. In the decreed season, God's gave it a little thing there, a little ability that if a shell is hardened around him, he can start just pecking cuz he knows I wasn't born for this atmosphere. There's an atmosphere out there that's calling me. And he said, "The only way you're going to get something is you just start pecking." Well, the prophet of God said, "Don't go read about it. P chicken's pecking. Just start pecking. Just start pipping is what he actually says. Pipping. Pipping at that edge. Just keep pipping. Maybe you can pimp enough just to get an arm out. All right. Got a little hole there. And all of a sudden, you just keep on pimping. You can get another arm out. And you just keep on pimping. And all of a sudden, you can stand up and you can let those arms begin to wave back and forth. And you just keep on pimping till you can just step out of that old shell and that old jail house the devil's trying to have you in. He's trying to keep you down with depression and fear and anxiety. Just keep on pimping. Hallelujah. Can we do that this morning? Why don't you lift your hands to heaven right now and you go praising God? Amen. They say we got to have music to work us up. We don't have to have music. I'm already worked up. I've already seen my name in the Lamb's Book of Life. I've already seen it. It's already done. It's already finished. It's over. Just go ahead, start praising God. Just go ahead and thank him right now. Thank you for my son coming home. Thank you for my daughter coming back. Thank you, Lord, that you put my family together. Thank you, Lord, you healed my body. Thank you, Lord, you saved my soul. Thank you didn't leave me where you found me, but you picked me up. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, let a hallelujah come out. Let an amen to God come out. Let all the creatures hear you saying, "I saw my name. I saw my name." Go ahead, just water the Holy Ghost. Just water them. The spirit is here. Go ahead and just lift your hands up here. Say, "Thank you, Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You're watering the very thing that's going to take you out of here. [Applause] Hallelujah. You're watering the very power that's going to change your body. [Applause] Thank you, Lord. You're worthy of all praise. You're worthy of all glory. You're worthy of all honor. You're my God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We bless your holy name, Lord. We thank you, Lord. You called us out of darkness into this marvelous light. Oh God, you didn't leave us where you found us. broken humanity, broken hearts, broken feelings, broken spirits. But Lord, you came down and you picked up that clay and I thank God you didn't throw it away, but you just begin to mold it again and make it. I want to thank you right now for every healing that's taking place in this building. I want to thank you right now for every prodal that's coming home. I want to thank you for every backslider that's going to come back to God. I want to thank you right now that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. I think you are the well of life that I can come to and I can get a drink. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Oh, we love you, Lord. We praise you. We praise you. We praise you. We praise you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus, how wonderful you are. Brother Phillip, come help me with that. This joy that I have, the world didn't give to me. Oh, let's just praise him for a moment. Let's just glorify the King of Kings. Amen. If you just feel him moving, don't stop. If you feel him coming, don't stop. Keep pipping. Keep hitting at that shell. You're coming out of it. Oh my. There's somebody coming out of depression this morning. There's somebody that's coming out of anxieties and fears this morning. There's somebody that's rising up out of sin and backsliding conditions. There's somebody that's walking out of their sickness this morning. [Music] Hallelujah. [Applause] Oh, this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. You know, the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Oh, this peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. You know the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Oh, you just hold to his hand. God's unchanging hand. Oh, hold to his hand. And God's unchanging hand. You got to hold to his hand. And God's unchanging hand. Oh, you got to hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, this peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. You know, the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Oh, and this healing that I got, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this healing that I got, the world didn't give it to me. All this healing that I have, the world didn't give it to me. You know, the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Oh, cuz he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, an on time God. Oh, yes. Yes, he is. Oh, he may not come. Not come when you want him. Oh, but he'll be there on time. Cuz he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, cuz he's an on time God. You believe that this morning? Yes, he is. Hallelujah. Oh, an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he may not come when you want him. Oh, but he'll be there right on time. Cuz he's an on time god. Yes, he is. Oh, cuz he's a prayer answering God. Yes, he is. Oh, yes, he is. Oh, he's a prayer answering God. Yes, he is. Your son and daughter may not come when you want them. Oh, but they'll be there right on time. Cuz he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, cuz he's a soul saving God. Yes, he is. Come on, somebody. Oh, he's a soul saving God. Yes, he [Applause] is. Oh, well, he may not save him like you think he ought to, but he'll save him right on time. Cuz he's a soul saving God. Yes, he [Music] [Music] is. Aren't you glad he's an old time God? Aren't you glad he's a prayer answering God? Aren't you glad he's a saving God? If he saved a wretch like me, he can save you this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And one day I'm gone. to take a step towards my theophony. And one day I'm going to take another step on towards my theophony. And one day I know that final step. Oh, it's going to set me free. My theophony I hear it call me. Oh, can't you hear it calling? Come up a little higher into the perfect world. Oh, come up a little higher into the ungodly love. Oh, come on a little higher. Soaring through the heavenly my theophony I hear it calling me. Oh and don't you worry little children should death knock on your door. Don't you know that dead it has a doorway and it'll lead you to that other shore. Oh cuz over there there's no heartache. No heartache. There's no cancer perfect love. Oh, peace and joy beyond comp. And one day I'm going I'm going to take a step towards my the one day into my theop and one day I know that final step is going to set me free. I the me. Oh, I hear it calling me. And it's the call to come up a little higher into the perfect world. Oh, come up a little higher into the agape love. Oh, come up a little higher. Soaring through the heavenly my theophony. Oh, I hear it calling me. And if you look over the next hill and you look, you'll see a complete victory. and up around the next curve in the road. That old devil got to flee cuz God's army she's maring marching onward to slay that old enemy around the next curve. I see Jesus coming for me. Glory to God. And one day I'm going to take a step towards my theophony. And one day I'm going to take another step into my theophony. And one day I know that final step is going to set me free. My theophony. Oh, I hear it calling me. Oh, and just over the next hill, if you look, you'll see a series of victories. And just up around the next curve in the road. That old devil, he'll have to flee. Cuz God's army, she's marching, marching onward to slay that old enemy around the next curve. I see King Jesus coming for me. And one day I'm going to take a step towards my the off. And one day I'm going to take I'm going to my the off. One day I know that final step he's [Music] going to hide away. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful? Aren't you thankful? I'm going. Y'all going to pay for this. I'm sorry. I don't have enough voice to do it, but you don't know like I know. You don't know like I know what he's done for me. You may not understand the why the reason why we shout and we dance the way we do. But if you understood where we were, you'd understand a little bit of reason why we shout and the way we dance because we were in a pit. But God rich in mercy. Matt McClard, help me sing it. Well, you got the worst. Well, you don't know like I know what he's done for me. I said you don't know like I know what he's done for me. I said you don't know like I know what he's done for me. What the Lord has done for me. Oh, you don't know like I know what he's done for me. I say you don't know like I know what he's done for me. Oh, you don't know like I know what he's done for me. What the Lord has done for me. Will heal my body? Will he heal my body? That's what he's done for me. He heal my body. That's what he's done for me. He heal my body. That's what he's done for me. What the Lord has done for me. I said, "Oh, you don't know like I know what he's done for me. Oh, you don't know like I know what he's done for me. Oh, you don't know like I know what he's done for me. What the Lord has done for me. Well, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Since I lay my birth, won't you lay them down? Well, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Since I lay my I'm on my way. Who's on the way this morning? Well, I'm on my way to heaven. Since I laid my birds down. Well, I'm on my way to heaven since I laid my burdens down. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. Listen, I would not be denied this morning. I would not be denied. I would not be denied. I'm not sure. When pains of death cease over my soul, unto the Lord I cried. Oh, till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied. Oh yes, I would not be denied until Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. as Jacob in the days of old I rest with the Lord and inant with a courage bold I stood upon his word and I would not be denied Yes, I would not be denied until Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Oh, Satan said my Lord was gone and he would not hear my prayer. Oh, but praise the Lord. The work is done and Christ the Lord is here. Oh, I would not be denied. Yes, I would not be denied until Jesus came and he made me who I would not be. Oh, Satan said, "My Lord is gone." Oh, Satan said my Lord was gone and he would not hear my prayer. But praise the Lord, the work is done and Christ the Lord is here. Oh, I would not be denied. I would not be denied until Jesus came. Make me whole. I would not be denied. Amen. Keep on firing line. Keep on the firing line. Same key. [Music] Maybe a little lower if you sorry in the battle for the Lord and ride. Just keep on the firing line. Oh, and if you win, my brother, surely you must fight. So just keep on the fire in line. Oh, there are many dangers that we all must face. If we die of fighting, it is no disgrace. A coward in the service, he will find no place. So keep on the fire in line. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Oh, never run or even lag behind. Oh, if you would win for God and the ride, just keep on the fiery line. Oh, and God will only use the soldier he can trust. So keep on the fire in line. And if you wear a crown, then bear the cross. You must so keep on the fire in life. Oh, life is but to labor for the master dear and help to spread good and to spread good cheer and great rewarded for your service. Yes. Keep on the fire and light. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all people. Never ever lack behind. If you win for God and the right just keep on the fire and life. Amen. How many believes we got to do that? Amen. Amen. It's going to take a lot of bravery. Amen. With the battle that you and I face. Amen. How many believe that the Lord is going to be with each and every one of you now? Amen. And your future and the battles that we face. We do not know just what lays ahead for us. Amen. As far as our comforts here in this world, ain't that right? Because we know, brother Bam talked about when that pope goes out of America over there that the church would be driven together. Ain't that right? Amen. To get ready for that rapture. So, how many believes? I'm looking for a squeeze. I'm looking for things to keep transpiring. Amen. Things are going to happen. So, whatever you do, press in. We want to say if there's a sinner here, you haven't made that choice to serve God, we'd be glad if to to baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, if you want to serve the Lord Jesus Christ with all of your heart, don't be afraid to say get with any of these ministers and say, "I want to I want to give my heart to God." Amen. I want to serve God. Amen. And we all each everybody everybody in here had to make that choice, didn't we? That that's what we're all made of. And so if there's a sinner that you've heard the call of God in your heart today, Amen. Make sure you do that. Praise the Lord. Well, Amen. I pray that the Lord was uh pleased with our worship. That he was pleased with our shouting with He was pleased with our dancing and our and our giving of ourselves like we did. Amen. And that's what we really want to express ourselves to the Lord Jesus Christ the best we can. Amen. Because he's worthy of so much more praise. But we do the best we can. Amen. to express our love to for to him for what he has done in our lives. Amen. What an amazing thing he has done in our lives. Amen. Truly it comes down to amazing grace. How sweet that sound is that he placed that seed on the inside. Amen. No man can come unto my father except unto me except my father draw him. So how many's glad for that hunger and that thirst after righteousness? Amen. Let's bow our heads and talk to the master. Heavenly Father, as we have already said, Father, we ask God that you would just accept our humble thanks and appreciation to you, Father, for all that you have done, Lord, in our lives, Lord. Where would we be without you, Father? And if you would not have put that seed on the inside of our hearts and souls and given us that thirst to long after you, Lord. Father, we know God that because of the fact that you have chosen us before the foundation of the world, you knew that that seed would be in there and the choice that we would make, that we would want you, Lord. And Father, I pray now, God, as we come to the close of these meetings, Father, it's been so good. It has been so good to be around the atmosphere of the Holy Spirit. And I know Lord Jesus different ones in the church here, they get up at 5, 5:15 in the morning and they would have a prayer band, a certain time they pray for these meetings. And Lord, we see how that God you answered prayer, Father. And we're thankful for that, Lord Jesus. And we ask God, Lord Jesus, as we, Father, we're about to go and eat some more dinner, Lord Jesus, and fellowship together. But we would ask, God, if those have to travel this afternoon, that you be with them, Lord, keep your guardian angels around them. bring them back home to their home place again, Father, safety, safe and sound, Father. And Lord, we just ask, God, that you would just, Lord, again, receive our thanks and appreciation for everything. We would ask the blessing on the food that we're about to eat. We ask God that you would sanctify it, Lord Jesus. Bless the hands that prepared it, Lord Jesus. All those who have worked hard to put this together, all the home folks and the different ones that have really worked hard. We ask God that you would bless them in a special way Lord for what efforts that they have made God. And now we ask God as we go. Amen. We ask God that you'll bless our fellowship now in the name of Jesus Christ. And everybody said amen. Some glad morning when life is when this life is over. How many is looking forward to flying away? Amen. Oh some glad morning when this life is over fly away to our home on goal shore. I fly away. [Music] Oh, my [Music] [Music] way. Hallelujah. [Music] fly away. But when the shadows of this life have grown up, fly away.
