################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - Pastor Thomas Byler • 51125 • Sun. • Transforming Power - Thomas Byler.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-11
Title:   Pastor Thomas Byler • 5/11/25 • Sun. • Transforming Power
Speaker: Thomas Byler
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYmTdalErdA
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Brothers and sisters, if we'll just stand this morning. Maybe brother Tommy will open in prayer this morning. power. Resurrection. Father, worship. Christ us pray God resto the We believe these things. We pray our faith. We pray you change our minds that we may have the mind that you have. We may see what we believe. Father did you let there be like Father God you come Lord Jesus come today Lord in a powerful way Lord as we come for this fire within us today Lord God just Father, help us be a pillar. Help us be a light, a fire, a burning voice for you, Lord Jesus. Lift your great name up a life with Jesus daily. Father, we just love you. We thank you so much, Lord God. We want to thank you for all that you're going to do, what you've done. Lord, we're just longing for you to come, Lord Jesus, in a miraculous way. Lord, we just anticipation, great expectations, Lord. Father, we know the spirit life god. We love you, Father. And we know it's just such an honor and a privilege to this living bread. Lord God, the fountain of water. We fellowship with people. We talk people. We see Lord God. It's just such a special privilege to see you as you are to know you as you are to believe like we love you in pray. Amen. and the children may be dismissed for Sunday school. If you go in the Psalms with me, we're going to go to Psalms 139. We're going to start in verse one. I think we'll read up to verse 18 in Psalms 139. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. It is a privilege and an honor to be here. All right, let's hear here. Psalms 139. Oh Lord, thou hast searched me and known me. Thou compasses my path and my lying down and art acquainted with all my ways. Thou hast beset me behind and before and laid thine hand upon me. Whether shall I go from thy spirit or wiither shall I flee from thy presence? I take the wings of the [Music] morning. If I take the wings of the morning and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea. If I say surely the darkness shall cover me, even the night shall be light about me. possessed my reigns, thus covered me in my mother's womb. My substance was not hid from thee when I was made in secret and curiously wrought in the lowest parts of the earth. How precious also are all thy thoughts unto me, oh God. How great is the sum of them. If I should count them, they are more in number than the sands. When I awake, I am still with thee. God bless you. May be seated, Brother Brian. Morning brothers and sisters. So after reading those 18 verses, you wonder how some people can't believe in predestination. You know, it's a wonderful thought to know that the minute you were conceived to the day you die, that God's got his hand completely in every minute, every second of your life. and that you can trust him to be merciful to you and to lead and guide you. All we have to do as simple human beings is trust him and just let go and let God have his way. If you return with me to uh 1 Peter the third chapter, uh happy Mother's Day to all you mothers. I hope I got every spot marked. I guess I'm not trying to be funny here, but as brother Tommy was praying, being an army guy, I I try to put brevity in everything that I hear or see. So, basically, God is asking us this morning, what are you going to be sitting there this morning? Are you going to be the campfire or are you going to be the wet rag? And you're all gonna make that choice this morning. Whether you're going to be a campfire or you're going to be a wet rag. And the only way you can be the campfire is that through the week that you've yielded yourself up into prayer and study of God's word and you desire to see God move in the hearts of his people. Doesn't mean that we all have perfect days. No, it does not mean that. Sometimes you just have a bad day and sometimes you have a good day. But through it all, God is your God and he loves you and he'll get you through it. But I was um thinking I was listening to that message that I listened to it a couple of times. It's uh events made clear by prophecy. And I as brother Brandham was getting started in that message. What really struck me is sometimes we forget about I was listening and he was talking about all the people that came to the tabernacle that day that couldn't get in and he was explaining to the people how they were driving around trying to find places where they could stop and listen on the radio to the message and then he was talking about all those that were on dialup listening on the phone. And I was just thinking back in 1965 how much, you know, how expensive it was for a church to listen to brother Brandham in an assembly like this on a speaker off of a telephone. And I was just thinking of, you know, we talk about urgency, wanting to see the word of God in the hour. Those people were were really wanting it. They were willing to their money, their resources, their time. They were giving it all to the study and to listen to the word of God. And and I was also listening into that message. Brother Ram, you we all know this. He says in every age at the end when the messenger leaves as as time goes on, they fall into apostasy in the end. They just get cold. They get hard, unseeing, uncaring. And I know for myself, I don't want to be that way in my life and in my art. You know, I as I get older, I it's harder to stay I know in my own life, it's I hadn't even read the word yet, but um it's hard to stay tender. You know what I mean? You get so caught up you you think of all the things that have gone on in your life and you got to just throw them aside. Don't care about them. The only thing you really want to care about is Jesus Christ. I'll start here um about the ninth verse of the third chapter of First Peter. You know, I I write notes to myself to to stay online and I I don't use them. Y'all y'all have to forgive me for that. But I'll just read what Peter had to say this morning. And I'm a firm believer of God's word speaks for itself. Uh it this is what Peter had to say. uh not rendering evil for evil, especially in this day we and rail and for contraise blessing, knowing that ye are there on to call that ye should inherit a blessing. For he that will love life and see good days, here's a formula from the youngest to the oldest this morning sitting here. For if we would love life and see good days, let him refrain his tongue from evil. And that really speaks to this day and age when you're butting up against the people in the world, not giving giving heed to anger or saying things that you really shouldn't say. You know, you don't have to say if you're thinking it is just as bad as saying it. So, uh it just because you don't say it doesn't mean you're not responsible for what it goes on. Speak no gile. Let him assue evil and do good. Let him speak seek peace and in and ensue it. For the eyes of the Lord are are over the righteous, and his ears are open unto their prayers, but the face of the Lord is against them that do evil. Doesn't make a difference who you are if you're doing evil, God's face is upon you. And it says, who is he that will harm you if you be followers of that which is good? And I found that out out in my life, if you just do the good thing, do the right thing, it'll work out in the end. It's really important. No matter how people are treating you, how the world is treating you, whatever the situation is, if you do the right thing and what God would expect you to do, in the end, you'll be blessed for it. Does it make it easy? No, it doesn't make it easy. But if you suffer for righteousness, say, happy are ye. And be not afraid of their terror, neither be troubled. And that really speaks for this day. But sanctify the Lord God in your hearts and be ready always to give an answer to every man that asks you a reason of the hope that is in you with the meekness and fear. Having good conscience that whereas they speak evil of you as evildoers that they may be ashamed and falsely accused your good conversation in Christ. And he goes on to say here, for it is better that if you will be of God, be so that you suffer for welloing than for evildoing. And that's really important. You know, when you do something wrong, you deserve to be treated for doing that thing wrong. You can't expect, you know, it really strikes me. You know, Jesus told his disciples, if you do something wrong, expect to pay for what you do wrong. He said, "If you if they send you to prison for doing something wrong or whatever whatever the punishment in the natural for doing something wrong, you're obligated to pay that punishment. There's no getting out of it." And I'm just thinking in the spiritual s there's a way to get out of it this morning. I lost my place. For it is better if the will of God be so that you suffer for welldoing than for evildoing. For Christ hath once suffered for sin, that the just for the un for the unjust, that we might bring us to God, bring both, put death in the flesh, but quickened by the spirit, by which also he went and preached unto the spirits in prison, which sometimes were disobedient, when once the long-suffering God waited in the days of Noah, while the ark was being prepared. I didn't mean to go that far this morning. If you would turn with back with me to uh Romans, I'll finish with this thought. I was about to say something. I'm not going to say it. I had a mark this morning. I think I lost my place. I'll start at Romans the 12th chap chapter this morning. You know, while I'm up here this morning, you know, you can spend hours studying God's word. You can spend hours thinking that God wants you to say something. But the most important thing I've learned in my life is you got to go the way that God leads you. And you can't fight it. If if you don't have anything to say, don't say anything. It's better not to say anything than say something years from now that you'll be responsible for. So, I've learned a long time ago, it's best to let God's word speak for itself and the message of the hour speak for itself. Let it ch inter interpret itself and that way you won't get in trouble. But this is what Paul had to say here. And also, I was thinking, you know, the world is is pretty much crazy place here this morning. You know, I I mean, a lot of people have been thinking about what's happened in the last couple of days with them electing a new pope, but then I think we all know that the Catholic Church is an apostate church. We all know that the pope himself, the very office, is antirist. So, anyone that's ever elected to that position is just going to be as antichrist as the one before him. But we also know what brother Brown had to say that as you see the circumstances in the world go like uh people talk about that message the countdown how you know it thing is going so fast you know I I I've said this a lot what I would have thought four or five years ago may take 10 or 20 years to bring about what's happening tomorrow what someone might think will happen a year will happen in an hour. What happens in a minute might h in a second might happen in a minute. It's just how fast life is going this morning. And how important it is for us to hold on to the only true thing there is and that's Jesus Christ this morning. And uh as I see the world going the way it's going, the debauchery, the the sin, the unbelief that's out there in the world, it just lets me know I need to get closer. I need to be holding on to that rock this morning. And I'll just read what Paul had to say here. I beseech you therefore, this is the 12th chapter of Romans here. I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service. So Paul's saying here not to think of yourself any more than you have than you than you are. Be not conformed to this world, but ye be ye transformed by the renewing of your minds, that you may prove that which is good and acceptable and the perfect will of God. And he goes on to say here, for I say through the grace given unto me to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think, but to think soberly according to as God had dealt to every man the measure of faith. You know, I have a saying I use this being an an army guy. This is something I've always dealt with in life, whether it's in business or on active duty, is people, if you're not careful, you wind up thinking more about yourself than you really should. And you know what happens then? When you think yourself, you're so high or you're in a position of so much authority that nothing can ever knock you off that pedestal. I've always found out when you start thinking like that and acting like that, that's when all you know, all of a sudden, you know, the stool goes and you'll find yourself falling flat on your back and you have to work your way back up. And I've learned in life not to think of myself any more than I have to because I know God's going to bring a correction. So, after so many experience, I know that no man is better than any other man. And we all are just Christians and that's the way we have to treat each other. And I'll just finish reading this. For I say through grace given unto me to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think, but to think soberly according as God has dwelt to every man the measure of faith. We all have a measure of faith this morning. For you know, you might have a little this morning, but you can have more tomorrow. And all you're the reason you have little now, but you can have more tomorrow. And the only stumbling block between the little and the more is what we're not willing to get out of our lives and get out of the way so God can bless us this morning. And he goes on, I I keep rereading the same verse. For as have many members in one body, all members have in the same office. So we being many are one in the body of Christ and one members one another. I was I wrote these notes here this morning, but I I just don't But the one thing that really struck me I wrote this down to myself this morning. I think I wrote it on the back of this one. The one thing I I just wrote I was listening to that message this morning and what and last night and a few other times and the one thing that really struck me about it is every Christian should have a desire to serve. You shouldn't be feeding off your brothers and sisters. You should have, you know, I the way I look at it, everyone that comes to church every morning should want to lift up the service that morning. you want it should want it to be better today than it was yesterday. A a spirit of service. And I was also thinking the only way that you can have a desire to serve is you've got to have that Bible brotherly kindness that we speak of that the word speaks of that your sole desire is to prosper other people above yourself and to interact with people in a way that you encourage them and you lead and guide them in the word of God. And I'll finish with that thought this morning. But anticipation, brother Tommy was talking about it. Some of the quotes were up there were talking about anticipation. I'm assume everyone here this morning has anticipation about what God's going to do for them. Uh there's a list of people that need prayer this morning that need God to do something for their bodies in a physical sense. I'm sure there's numerous people here sitting this morning that need a touch from God in their minds and in their hearts that you need to have some questions answered. Not as a I I know in my own life that God is more than able whatever those needs are this morning to meet whatever your needs are. Brother Josh. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Let's stand this morning. Just want to welcome our visitors. Amen. Sister Julie's mom. It's good to have you with us this morning. Brother Ben, Amanda Drake from Cloverdale from Canada. It's good to have them this morning. I want to welcome them. And let's just worship the Lord this morning. Listen, my hope is in the Lord from this time. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever [Music] more. I stand in awe within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the ages lies. For whom the raging of the sea subsides. The living sacrifice. The only source of life. My hope is in the Lord. Lord, from this time on and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever [Music] more. His tender mercies, His tender mercies come with every rising sun. To meet the sinner and his brokenness. To offer healing and forgiveness. [Music] And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever, Lord. My hope. Oh yes, my hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever [Applause] more. Amen. Amen. The blood will never lose its power. The blood that Jesus shed for me way back on [Music] Calary. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. Ooh, for it reaches to the highest [Music] mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. [Music] The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its [Music] power. Oh, for it soothes my doubts and calms my fears. [Music] Oh, and it dries all of my tears. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. For it reaches For it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. Valley the flood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. It will never lose its power. Oh, it will never lose its power. Oh, it will never lose it power. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise this morning. Amen. Amen. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Amen. With my hands lifted up and my mouth filled with praise. Oh, with a heart of [Music] thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with my hands lifted up. Oh, with my hands lifted up. Oh, and my mouth filled with [Music] praise. And with a heart of [Music] thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh [Music] Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh [Music] Lord, with a heart of [Applause] thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. With my hands lifted up. With my hands lifted up and my mouth filled with [Music] praise with a heart of [Music] [Applause] thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of [Music] thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Amen. Is he worthy this morning? Amen. Listen. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. Let's just worship him this morning. Oh, I give you honor, give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. Oh, I bless your name. Let's sing the second verse this morning. Oh, some midnight hour. [Music] If you should find your [Music] infra send in your [Music] mind or reach out and pray and defy those chains and they will fall. And in Jesus [Music] name, I bless your [Applause] name. Oh, I bless your name. I give you honor. Give you praise. For you are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. Oh, I bless your name. For you are the life, the truth, the [Music] way. I bless your name. Oh, I bless your name. Amen. He is Lord. He is Lord. For He is Lord. Lord, as we prepare to go to prayer this morning. Oh, he is [Music] Lord. Oh, he has risen from the dead and he is Lord. [Music] Every knee shall bow, every tongue confess, that Jesus Christ is Lord. He's my Lord. Oh, he's my Lord. Oh, he is my Lord. For he has risen from the dead. And he's my [Music] Lord. And every knee shall bow. And every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. Amen. We serve a risen God this morning. Amen. You may be seated this morning. We're going to go prayer at this time. And brother Danny and brother Paul and brother Daniel, if you would come at this time, take up the offering. And we have no written prayer request this morning, but we're a needy people. So if you have a need, just let it be known before the Lord with the uplifted hand this morning. And brother Ben, would you stand and pray for us this morning? Lord. Love Hey, my brother David has a song for us this morning as he comes. Can we sing what a day that will be? What a day that will be when my G is thus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land, what a day, a glorious day that will be. And you love the Lord this morning. You pray for me. Oh, how I love him. Oh, how I adore him. Oh, he's my breath, my son. child my all in all the great creatator. [Music] He became my savior and all God's fullness dwellth with him. found from his gloryy ever living story. My God and Savior came and Jesus was his name. Born in a [Music] manger to his own a [Music] strange to save my soul. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. He's my breath, my [Music] sunshine. Oh, he's my all and all. the great [Music] creator. He became my savior and all fullness dwell in him. What [Music] condensing bringing us redemption that in the dead of night, not one faint hope inside. God gracious tender. He laid aside his splendor. Stooping to wood to win to save my soul. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. Oh, he's my breath, my sunshine. Oh, he's my all and all. The great creator. He became my savior and all God's fullness dwell up in me. Oh, without reluctance, flesh and blood his substance. Oh, he took the form of man, revealed the hidden plan. Oh, glorious mystery, sacrifice of Calary. And now I know thou art the great I help me sing it this morning if we could. And oh how I love your Lord. Oh how I adore him. Oh he's my breath, my sunshine. Oh, he's my all and all, the great [Applause] creator. He became my savior and star. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Thank you, brother David. Man, can we sing that chorus? How great thou art. How great thou art. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou [Music] are. Oh, how great thou are. And then sings my soul, my savior, dear God, to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. One more time. And then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. Oh, how great thou are. And this sings my soul, my savior to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Amen. We're just going to turn service brother this morning. We stand and prepare our hearts. Let's just sing I speak Jesus this morning as brother comes. I just want to speak the name of [Music] Jesus over every heart and every mind. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. [Music] And I just want to speak the name of Jesus till every dark addiction starts to break. Declaring there is hope and there is freedom. I speak [Music] Jesus. Oh, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Oh, break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows and burn like a fire. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus shout Jesus. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the street. And Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. And Jesus for my family I speak the holy name Jesus. Oh your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is love. Oh, break every stronghold. Shine a few burn like a fire. Oh, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow. Burn like a fire. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. How many is glad to be a Christian this morning? Amen. We just greet you in the name of the Lord. Amen. We're certainly thankful. Amen. to once again assemble ourselves together with Christians of like precious faith. Amen. God bless you this morning. Amen. Let's sing happy mother's day. How many uh want to just wish our mothers a happy happy wonderful day? Amen. So we'll sing happy mother's day to all of our mothers. Amen. A happy mother's day to you. A happy mother's day to you. May you feel Jesus fear every day of the year. A happy Mother's Day to you. A happy Mother's Day to you and the best one you ever had. Amen. Happy Mother's Day. God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I got it right there towards the end anyway. Amen. and we'll work on it until we get it right. Amen. Cody, good to see you. And our friends back there, God bless you. Good to see y'all this morning. Amen. Our visitors and everybody in the house of the Lord this morning. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, we're looking forward. You can be seated for a minute. Amen. Just want to say a couple words if I could. Amen. About our meetings coming up. We do appreciate very very much. Amen. Everything that everybody does. Amen. Uh during this time, I don't think that we need to have a meeting, Brother Steve. Unless you think we do. I don't know that we do because everybody is Amen. pretty much got Amen. Um got things under control and our sisters organized their food, organized the food and everything. And so I think that we've got it all, Amen. pretty much set to go. Do want to say, Amen. And I told my wife, I said, you know, uh, I'm going to tell the people, I says, you know, in these meetings, let's not ask, well, what can I get from these meetings? Amen. Let's see what we can put into it. Amen. And do something for the meetings because what you put into it is what you get out of it. Whether it's prayer, whether it's faith, Amen. And also in the help and everything that we do, the different work that needs to be done. Uh, I u, you know, if everybody just does a little bit, we have a good crowd, good good group of people. And if everybody does a little bit, not any not just a small group has to do at all. We don't want we don't want that. Ain't that right? So just ask what you can do. Amen. If there's anything needs to be done, try to make sure that we get that done. And for our sisters, Amen. with I know they've got online sign up for food and everything. Let's try to get that Amen. all taken care of and every little slot filled. Is that okay? Amen. and early on so that they don't have those that are in charge don't have to well I we do still don't have this we still don't have that we still let's not do that. Amen. Let's let's get right on top of it. Okay. Amen. And so we will do what we can. And so praise the Lord. So Amen. We're looking forward to the meetings coming up. Amen. And it's something isn't it? I think it's something how that whenever you you know we're we're getting up early different ones of ymen that are getting up at 5:00 and certain time to pray for these meetings coming up and so forth you know and amen and that's I it makes a difference is that right amen and how many how many believes that that we ought to do that for every service. Amen. We ought to have special prayer every service should be to me to me every service is special. Amen. because we're getting together with children of like faith and we're worshiping, amen, to God that has done all these great things for us. Amen. And you never know what's going to happen. God always does the exceedingly abundantly above all that we could ask or think. So, amen. Praise the Lord. Remember, Wednesday, there will not be a service this coming Wednesday. Amen. We will start with Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and send Sunday. Amen. And also, I want to say try to if you can in these services come early. That's right. Amen. I don't what I don't like is to have in the last 10 minutes, oh, you got to do this, that, or the other. Just before you start service, let's come calm down already. Prayed. Amen. Have time to come and not just come and fellowship and visit and talk, but to come in and uh quieten our spirits. Amen. The way that it's supposed to be in every church, in every service. Ain't that right? Amen. And quieten our spirits and call on God. Say, "Lord Jesus, Amen. Just come in a special way." I believe it'll make a big difference if we come not nervous or tore up because of all the responsibilities, but we are ready. Amen. Got everything in order. Amen. So, Amen. We can do that for the Lord. Amen. Right. For for the and for the services coming up, come early and and just whatever you usually do, do it about an hour quicker and earlier. Amen. Amen. That's about what we got to do. Ain't that right? So I I tell my wife sometimes Sunday morning we got to leave at uh 25 after, you know, so we get in time for prayer and but anymore I'm like, "Well, let's just go ahead and get ready and leave and we as soon as we can, you know, if we're an hour early, that doesn't hurt a bit, you know." So that makes a difference because we can certainly we want God to have his way. Amen. I can't think of any other announcements. Amen. At the time, Amen. And I know that brother brother Andrew is going to take uh Thursday evening service and also Saturday. Amen. And then brother Timothy will take Friday and Sunday. Amen. If you will, it's already been an hour almost. So, Amen. And uh so we want to try to just express something that the Lord has laid on my heart to minister this morning. Amen. With his help, we want to continue on kind of on the thought that we have been. Amen. So, if you will stand with me this morning, let's just go before the Lord in prayer, shall we? Amen. Aren't we glad that we can approach our heavenly father? Amen. And talk to him, Lord Jesus. As we are about to open your word, the one the thoughts that you had before the foundation of the world and you put them in a book, Lord Jesus. And we get to open those open that book, Lord. And we get to look at those words that you had thought your thought that was before the foundation. We know that Lord, heavens and earth will pass away, but those thoughts and those words will never pass away Lord, but they'll accomplish what they have said. And Lord Jesus, we are so grateful, Father, for something that is that sure and that solid, Father, in a world of shifting sand, sinking sand. We ask God the blessing upon the reading of the word now in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Amen. Let's just go to Matthew, if you will. Amen. And I uh I like I like to kind of be timely about, you know, not keeping people too long, but I don't know. Don't promise it this morning. Is that okay? Amen. Amen. I hope hopefully the most part we have all Christians here because brother Bram said Christians can stay all day, you know, but maybe people that aren't so enthused about God, well, they might get tired and not want to come back, you know, if you go too long. So, Brother Brandham said, "That's who we focus on." Ain't that right? We don't want to get anybody, you know, we're there for the for the sinner to get people to Christ. But, uh, if Amen. Amen. I might as well say it while it's in my mind. Brother Brandon, he talking about a deacon board that got on a on a on a on a preacher, a pastor, I guess. He says, "Now, you know, you know, we you you went so long this morning. We didn't hire somebody just to keep a seat and all." And he says, "Boy, I wish I had that congregation for about a service. I'd lay into it and we'd stay for a while is what he said." Oh my. But any anyway, we just love the Lord. Ain't that right? And I don't know about you, but I I enjoy basking in the presence of God. Amen. When I went to the bar, I'll tell you what, if one closed at 2 o'clock, we went to went to see if we we was asking each other, "Well, what's open all night?" Ain't that right, Tommy? Where's one all open all night? was a little crazy that way. Amen. But this is so much better. Amen. So, we're open all day. How's that sound? We're Amen. So, God bless you. Amen. Let's read. Okay. Matthew. Amen. And Matthew. Amen. This is going to be a Mother's Day message, but it certainly is going to be a little different. Amen. Matthew 23, I believe it is. Matthew 23. Matthew 23 and verse 37. Now he had been really reprimanding the Pharisees. Ain't that right? In verse 33, calling them serpents and generation of vipers. How can you escape the damnation of hell? Can you imagine having a congregation that you're saying these things to that right? My So now notice and he says and then down we're just going to go on down to the main verse because I've got several scriptures I want to read with the help of the Lord. Verse 37. Oh Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that klest the prophets and stonest them which are sent unto thee, how often together as a hen gatherth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not. Amen. My my my. I guess that's just one of the saddest things that you'll ever read in the Bible. It's the things that God did, what Jesus did, but people just would not would not. That's sad, isn't it? May God add his blessing to the reading of the word. You can be seated. Mother's Day. As we think about Mother's Day. Amen. And basically what I want to kind of the direction that I want to go with the help of the Lord, we want to talk about that those who would not. Amen. And and then we want to pick up about halfway through probably. We'll pick up uh back to where we kind of left off. Amen. Um was it this is Sunday, so I guess it would have been Wednesday. Amen. Where we left off. And my title, I guess you already put it up there. Amen. transforming power or power to change. Power to change. Transforming power. Amen. But we I was in my office and and and I was going a certain direction and then the Holy Ghost spirit kind of led me this way knowing it was Mother's Day. I said, "Well, let's let's just tie this together." And there he was. Of course, Jesus saying that he typed himself as a hen with her chickens. Now, we know that would be a mother hand. Isn't that the mother, a mom? And uh I want to I want to say first, let me say first kind of back up something Brother Brian said. I mean, talking about prophecy and and things that are starting to really roll. How many knows that, you know, now this is going to be the way I see it. Um, but I believe for myself, I believe that woman in purple that was in great power was Camela Harris. Hello. And she ruined the country. It ruined everything. And of course, we know, we can see by all the things that that has come out that they truly did. Amen. And then think about if that truly was that way. Amen. And just that prophecy of a woman that would rise in power, become vice president or something in great power and so forth. And and then just a year ago, not even what Trump's been in, how I don't know how just how long, maybe six months at the most, somewhere in there. But just about a year ago, that that if that scripture was fulfilled now, we are already seeing another one being fulfilled about the pope coming out of America. Isn't it starting to really roll, folks? It is starting to roll. Amen. It's it it's starting to go fast. Amen. And we know the next scripture what he said in what did he say in that scripture that when he does that? Amen. Then the church will be what? Driven together. Amen. Now that may be the good part, but it could also be the scary part. Cuz what kind of force, what kind of power, what's it going to take to drive us together? The true church of God is going to be driven together like never before. She's going to become one body. Amen. We know all the other quotes and scriptures about uh you know the financial squeeze, the boycott that's coming, you know, closing places up. And at the time that they try to close us up, Brother Bam says they won't shut us up, but we'll go up. So that rapture is looking very close now. Amen. How many got their ears open? Amen. Looking for those signs and wonder I mean the signs of of his coming. Amen. And so my my my message this morning, Amen. as as a pastor. Amen. As a pe a person who God has called to lead, Amen. A group of people here at Elton, Kentucky. And the direction that we want to go now. Amen. And and this morning, Amen. I want to kind of share with that, share the direction that that we are to take, direction that we want to be going. Amen. Amen. What God's doing, God's doing in his church, God's doing in his people. Because how many believe you God is working in that true bride? Amen. Amen. And so to first have like I said I want to take talk a little bit about those who would not and then we want to talk about those who would. Is that okay? Praise the Lord. Amen. And we want to we want to talk about the power of God. Power of transformation. Transformation. But preach message on power of transformation. Amen. and and uh I believe it's in Romans 12. I'll just go ahead and read it. I was going to wait on this, but it just comes to mind, so we'll read it. He says, "I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy and acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service, and be not conformed to this world, but be transformed." Amen. How many believes in transforming? Amen. So that's going to be my second half of our by the renewing of your mind that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. Amen. But let's first look at look at a little story brother Brandham told about a mother. Amen. Because we're going to type that with God. Amen. And then we'll go from there. Amen. Brother Bram tells of uh a young lady that had went off to college. Isn't that right? had went off to college and she came home, I guess in between maybe semesters or whatever it might be, but she was coming home and she was bringing one of her pretty little friends with her. Y'all remember that? Pretty little friends. Amen. And she and then when she come and she got off the train, she went out there and her poor mother ran up to throw her arms around her and she turned her back on her mother. Amen. Ain't that right? Just kind of like what they did here Jerusalem. They turned their back. They would not. They would not. Amen. It would refuse to let Jesus take him under his wings and care for him. Amen. Now, how many believes that God is our mother? Sure. God is our mother. We sing that song. He's my father, my mother, my sister, and my brother. Amen. He's everything. He's everything to me. Amen. And Amen. We talk about before I go on. Amen. The mother, how many knows that a mother, there's something about a mother, she cares about the children's food. She cares about their clothing. Ain't that right? Cares every every little detail about her children, she cares about. How many believe God does that same thing for you and I? Amen. He said in Matthew, "If God so clothe the grass of the field which is today and tomorrow's cast in the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, oh ye of little faith?" I mean, God cares about whether you have clothes to wear. He cares about whether you have food to eat. He cares about your well-being. parents and mom make sure she'll ensure that you take eat your beans and and eat your potatoes and eat things that maybe you don't like too well, but she knows it's good for you. That's the way we are spiritually. You might not always like what the preacher says, but it's good for you. Amen. Bam talked about always having to have take castor oil. Amen. Every Saturday or whenever they got anything wrong with it and so forth and oh how horrible it was. Amen. always make you sick to your stomach. But Abraham is preaching many times that if the preaching don't make you a little sick, probably don't do you any good. All right. Oh, ye of little faith. Take no thought saying, "What shall we eat or drink or all shall be closed?" But this is what the Gentiles seek after. For your heavenly father does know that you have need of these things. But seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness because he's going to take all of these things care of these things for you. Ain't that right? He already promised that he was going to take care of our small things. I mean, he's a wonderful mother to us. He cares about us. Amen. So, we're thankful to the Lord Jesus Christ that he cares even as a hen to take her under herself. And here this woman here, she had uh uh you know had her daughter coming back and she wanted to throw her arms out there. Uh you know the the poor mother throw it up there, come up there to throw her arms around and she turned her back on her mother. Now how many knows just why it was? Amen. That's right. Because her mother was ugly. In another story he says whenever they're riding on the train. Amen. And when they come by there and they looked out the window and that girl said, "Who is that horrible looking hag out there?" Disfigured, ugly, face all tore up. Isn't that right? Just terrible looking. And she was ashamed to say, "That's my mama." She was ashamed of her mama. Something now. Notice she had some something pretty something. and her mother wasn't no stylish and and that's the way people are treating Jesus Christ today. They don't want the oldfashioned down at the altar and cleaning up and dressing up like a saint acting like a saint and godliness. Amen. Listen, the conductor, he seen that girl shun her mother, the conductor now. And I want to say I'm going to act as the conductor this morning. I'm going to call those out that reject Jesus Christ, those who are ashamed of Jesus Christ. I'mma call it out. How could you? God of heaven come from glory. He didn't have to, but he did. How many know he didn't have to do what he did, but he did. Amen. All right. On we go. Notice. So, uh, he says, "That's right." And notice the conductor saw that girl Sean her mother walk away like that with that pathy thing. The first thing you know when the conductor there happened to know he jumped up on a little box there and said look at here people you see how you're watching that poor woman there weeping her eyes out that what what he says you know that he went to Jerusalem and he was weeping ain't that right wept over Jerusalem saying oh how I would have done for you now notice he is watching that poor weeping there with her eyes out and when she he seen her own daughter turn away from her. Said, "Look at here, young woman." Said, "That's your mother. I don't care what she looks like. That's your mother." Amen. And then he goes on to say that I lived in the neighborhood. I know the story. Amen. Mama was out down by the spring getting water. And while she was down there, the house caught on fire. By the time Mama come back up there with her two buckets of water, guess what? The whole house was in flames. And it says here that her neighbors said she was going to go in there and get that baby. And even the firemen said, "Don't you go in there." No, don't you go in there. I imagine she shoved some firemen away. I imagine you pushed her way through and she put a blanket over her, that wet blanket, put it over her going in there. Amen. But to come out, she wrapped that blanket in her baby and she come through the flames and she got burnt and no doubt her meat was hanging off her. terrible perhaps how she looked and she was completely disfigured. He says before that the conductor said that she was beautiful as could be. How many knows that God is beautiful as could be but when he came to the earth there was no beauty in him that we would desire him. In other words, he wasn't much to look at. He didn't have a lot of beauty but he had beauty on the inside. Amen. And he says don't you ever be ashamed of her. Amen. She went in there and she is ugly just so that you could be beautiful. How many knows this morning, God became our sin so that we can become his righteousness. He took our ugliness. He became ugly so you could become pure party. So you can say, "And I will never be ashamed of that." I'm not ashamed of the gospel of Christ. For it is the power of God unto salvation. Amen. To them that believe, to the Jew first and also to the Gentiles. Anybody that'll believe can be changed by the power of Almighty God. Amen. Hallelujah. How many believe that? Thankful. That's right. It's time to call that out. Amen. I'm going to slow down a little bit. I want to just take off and let her go, but we're going to try take a couple more scriptures and we want to look at those who just absolutely turn such love away. Such love. I mean, that was love. It was It was the love in the woman that did it. She loved her baby. No, my baby will not die. My baby will not burn. How many knows that's the way God feels about you? My baby, my son, my daughter. No, they're not going to perish. All that the father has given me will come and I will lose none of them. Oh, Paul when he was preaching to the and the Jews were rejecting him and rejecting he says he says the Lord knows them that are his. He's not going to lose any of them. How many knows every name that's written on that book of life? If your name is on there, don't you worry about it. You're not going to be lost. God's going to see to it that you make it. You're not relying on yourself or a pastor or anything. You're relying on God. God said he would take you through and he will. That don't make you kick just a little. I don't know what will. God will. He's not going to lose a one. How many knows Jesus even prayed for you? I don't pray for just these, but I pray for those who are going to come. My children, my sheep that'll come afterwards. May they they're going to come and I'm not going to lose any one of them. Hallelujah. Now, what did I throw my glasses at? Amen. My We have a lot to be thankful for. Amen. We'll get into it in a minute hopefully. Why we act like we do? Why do we act like this? Why do we get happy? Why do we try to stay calm? Calm yourself down, Thomas. Come on. You don't have to scream and holler. You think they're deaf. Huh? Why do we do this? Talk about the power of God. The power of God. And I've heard a lot of it lately. Our brother uh Joe did preached on the power of God. We're gonna preach on the power of God. Amen. But you know, we're not just going to talk about the power of God this morning, but we're going to talk about what that power does. Amen. We're going to talk about what that power does. Amen. We know that there'll be people that'll heal the sick, raise the dead, move mountains, did many mighty works. You can do use the power of God, do many mighty works in his name, but he still didn't know him. So, you got to be careful about what you're focusing on. Amen. We'll talk about that in a minute. Let's talk about some of those that would not. Amen. First John 1 John 1 and verse 10 says he was in the world the world was made by him and the world knew him not know the world didn't know him. How many know the world today doesn't know him? The world was made by him. They were made by him and yet you don't know it. Katie Miller was my my mom's maiden name. Katie Ber, she was my mother. I know who my mama is. Thomas Ber, that was my dad. I'm Thomas Ber Jr. But Thomas Ber was my dad. I know who they are. But these people, they don't know who their daddy is. They don't know where to come from. What a terrible state to be. How many knows that sometimes adopted children have a little complex? Why did my mama forsake me? Who's my mama? Who's my daddy? I don't know where I come from. I don't know who my mom and daddy is. It's an issue. It helps them a lot to understand who they are. Next one. and he came to his own and his own received him not. They didn't receive him. He came to his own but his own refused him. What a terrible thing. a person that cares so much that he would become come to Calvary that he would become unrecognizable. Amen. Whipped beyond recognition till his ribs showed in the back. Crown of thorns put on him. Blood olive. Bloody lamb. How many brothers you know became the bloody lamb. That's right. And yet people don't appreciate it. They walk away. They don't want it. They received him not. In Matthew 21, Matthew 21 verse 32 says, "For John came unto you in the way of righteousness, and ye believed him not." They didn't accept him either. But the publicans and harlots believed him. Huh? When he when ye had seen it, you repented not afterwards that you might believe him. How many believe that? That's the thing that God is trying to get people to do is to repent, is to accept what he's done. All right, we're going to hurry through this. Try to get to our message. Revelations 2 and verse 21. 2 and verse 21 says it this way. Not with let's go with uh verse 20. Notwithstanding I have a few things against thee because thou sufferest that woman Jezebel which callest herself a prophetus to teach and to seduce my servants to commit fornication and to eat things sacrificed unto idols and I gave her space to repent. How many knows what brother Ram said? This was the Catholic Church. Way back in the day the Catholic Church had their chance to repent. How many know Cain had his chance to repent? The Catholic Church has their chance to repent. I gave her space to repent of her fornication and she repented not. I wanted you to understand something. The key to change, the key to the power to become transformed is in repentance. If you don't repent, there's no changing. That's the problem is so many people, they can even have faith to do powers and miracles without repenting. That's right. False anointed. Their nature never changes. All right, we're going to stop there. But she was given a chance to repent. Behold, I will cast her into a bed, and them that commit adultery with her into great tribulation. How many believe they're going to end up in the tribulation period? Except, isn't this something? Now, she didn't repent, but it says them that commit adultery with her except they repent of their deeds, and I will kill her children with death, that all the churches might know that I am he which searches the reigns and hearts. Brother Bab said, in every church age, the spirit always spoke to the true vine and the false vine. Here he was talking to speaking to that false vine. Isn't that right? That false church that didn't. and she had children. Then brother Bapt says Protestant Methodist Protestantism. All of the Protestants, her children, they were given a space to repent in our day. How many believe that they were given a chance? Brother Bam says, "Man, if I could just get the Baptist method, if I could get everybody together, then I would say, Lord, let your servant depart in peace." God tried his best to get them to repent. Did they repent? Where they at? No, they did not repent. All the churches shouldn't be Baptist. They shouldn't be Methodist. They shouldn't be Presbyterian. They should all be message believers. But they didn't want to repent. They would take their speaking in tongues is the initial evidence of the Holy Ghost over Jesus coming right down here doing the very same things he did when he was on the earth hundreds and thousands of times. Discerning the thoughts and intents of the heart. They took their own understanding. They went their own way. And God gave her space to repent. He was merciful. But she did not. And still end up in the tribulation period. Amen. Now, let's go in the tribulation period. Let's see what happens. Revelations 9. And it talks about I think in the uh let me see here why do I have that wrote down. Revelations 9. And how many knows brother Bam talked about those four uh angels loosed from at that were bound at the U river Euphrates and he mentioned Stalin, Hitler and Mussolini and so forth them being loosed the 200,000,000 demons that were loosed upon the Jews and there were four angels loosed right to kill the third part of men. The army of the horsemen, brother Brandham explains in the fifth and sixth seal. Amen. Where 200,000,000 horses, but he says there's not horses, but it's demon powers that went after the Jews. And of course, they slayed a third part. There was smoke. There was fire. There was brimstone. How many know a lot of fire? There's a lot of brimstone in World War II like unlike anything you've ever seen. And by these was the third part of men killed. Verse 18. and by fire, by smoke, and by brimstone, which issued out of their mouths. For their power is in their mouth, and their tails, and so forth. Tails were like serpents, and and at heads, and they with their heads they do hurt. Amen. And the rest of the men, which were not killed by these plagues, yet repented not. How many believe that's what it's about? God trying to get people to turn around, trying to surrender themselves to him, trying to recognize, hey, listen to this. Recognize this. Repent not of their the works of their hands. They listen, let me read it again. and the rest of the men which were not killed by these plagues, yet repented not of the works of their hands, that they should not worship devils, nor idols of money. Hello. Don't let money be your idol. You put that before God, it's your idol. Your business, whatever it might be, your job, making money. Well, I got to make better be careful. gold, silver, brass, stone, wood, which neither can see nor hear nor walk. Neither re repentant they of their murderers and their sorceries, nor of their fornications, nor their thefts. So after all, and let me ask you something, did World War II change them? No. If you ever do a study on World War II and how whole villages would be wiped out and whole so people's lives just meant nothing. Hello. You should realize, hey, these natural things don't mean much. This world don't mean much. It's that soul that's in here. That's what you need to be concerned about. Say, God, don't let me let that stuff be an idol to me. Don't let me worship no things but worship him. They've repented not. One more in 16 verse 7. And the fourth angel poured out his vial upon the sun, and power was given unto him to scorch men with fire. What? My How many knows you turned that sun degree up a little bit? My goodness. I don't know about you, but it's hot enough for me in the summer when it's 105, 110 degrees. Woo! Get me a air conditioner. But here when that fourth it says it's going to that the mouth's going to be poured on the sun and that angel is going to scorch people. You talk about getting hot. Amen. I know it's not cold this morning, but hey, how many know we're avoiding that a little bit more heat that hot? We don't want no part of that. But he scorched them with fire. And the men were scorched with great heat and blasphemed the name of God which had power over these plagues. And they repented not to give him glory. You talk about stubborn. I don't know about you, but usually when you have a hard time, where do you find yourself? On your knees, God, I need your help. Lord, I want to get past this sickness, this co or this trial, this terrible trial. I mean, God, I want to get through it. It causes you to fall on your knees. But these people refuse to fall on their knees. They refuse. No matter how hot it gets, no matter how much, Amen. They realize God is really God up there. But they blaspheme God. And I wrote down here when people are faced with the truth and they refuse to repent, there's only one explanation and that is the area of the lineage of Cain. They refuse to repent. They refuse just like he refused. He was given the opportunity to repent. Amen. But he would not. So even in a tribulation period, people still refuse to repent. You want me to tell you something good? Are you ready to hear something good? All right, I'm going to tell you something good. The scripture says it is the goodness of God. It's the goodness of God that leads you to repentance. Thank you, Lord. How many things say thank you Lord Jesus that you have led me to repentance that I can get down and say God I need you more than anything whatever you have I'll accept Lord I want you it's a goodness of God even here even there he says you know you know they're going to be cast into a bed of tribulation unless they accept repented their deeds if they would have just repented it makes all the Amen. Praise be to God. Amen. All right. Now, that is the group that would not they would not they wouldn't repent. How many knows? As many as I love, I rebuke and I chasen. Be zealous, therefore, and repent. Be very zealous. How many believe that's what we need to do? Be zealous to repent. When the word comes forth and it applies to you, say, "God, I want that out of my life. I want this out of my life." Amen. All right. Praise the Lord. Time is going slow for me this morning. Usually it's fast, but it's slow this morning. So, that's good because I need time. Praise the Lord. Now, we begin again. back to St. John. First John. So we read where he says that he came to his own and his own received him not. But Amen. I love that. Don't you? Everybody say but. As brother Andrew always says. Everybody say but. as many as received him. Aren't you glad that you're not a part of that other? No. This is the group I want to be a part of. I want to be a part of this group here found in the 12th verse. As many as received him, to them gave he power to become sons of God, even to them that believe on his name. Now we all love the How many loves the power of God? Our faith rests in the power of God. Paul said, "When I come to you, I come to you not with enticing words of man's wisdom, declaring unto you the testimony of God, but I come to you in power and demonstration of the spirit that your faith should not rest in the wisdom of man, but in the power of God." But let me ask you something. What does this power do? This power has it's got to do something. Just a power, power. Yeah, that's wonderful. But but I want to know what it does. Amen. Power, power, wonder, working power in the blood of the lamb. And what it is to do. Amen. where we picked off picked left off. See, he says the power that'll raise us up is in is in us right now. We are now in heavenly places. We are now in the power of the resurrection. But he says if there wasn't the law to that, sons and daughters of God would create them a world out there and go live on it. Amen. Amen. So, how does you've got the power in you right now to be able to create a world? In other words, when God at the beginning said, "Let there be earth." I don't know just how he did it. Maybe he says, "I want so many molecules. I want some atoms. I want some potassium. I want some uh pot ash. I want all these things." He says, "Let all of that come together." And he formed this world that we're on. And how many know is the only reason that you have the power that power in you is it has to be him. It ain't that you got nothing. It's that he's in there. He is the one that is the power to do it. Amen. But the point of it is is Amen. If he didn't restrict that, yes, you could actually say let there be and there was. How many know comes to mind just now? Moses, he said Moses speak. Ain't that right? Moses created flies and frogs and fleas and lice. All them irritating ticks. Huh? All them irritating things. But he spoke it. Isn't it something? That's why he says man that is completely surrendered to God's omnipotent. He's all powerful. It was the words that came out of Joshua's lips that said, "Son, stand still and moon and you stay in the valley over there and it all held still." And blow our mind to know to think that the planets could stop and nothing go wrong. I don't know how that happens when my mind is supposed to we're supposed to fly off or something. But no, you have the power. Amen. He had the power to just speak the word. And he did. We rest in the power of God. In his power. Amen. And in his power. All right. Now, notice this is where I want to get to. And this power is controlled by a law, the law of faith. Whatever God will lead your heart to believe, that's is yours. Amen. What God lays on your heart, like brother Bham, he's he was going squirrel hunting. The Holy Spirit said, "Just speak where you want those squirrels." Ain't that right? Or to the mountain, not the mountain, but to the storm. Whatever you say. How many knows that was God leading him to speak? Now you speak contrary to that you may not get it. It has to be that uncction of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Because guess what? This is the focus of evening light tabernacle. This is the focus of me as a pastor leading a group. I want to see the miracles. I want to see all that. That's all there. But I'm more concerned about Romans 8. But in Romans, this is my main concern. See, he says, "Also whom he did predestinate, he predestinated to be conformed to the image of his son." How many know there's a rapture coming up? Probably God said those in the bride are going to be in his very image. This is in order to be united with him. Oh thou spirit divine all by nature refined. Amen. People can move mountains. People can do this. But they can't change their nature. It takes God to change your nature. It takes God to change your desires, your passions. Woo. And that's what I'm interested in because guess what? You're not going to take your works and say, "Oh, we did this and oh, we did that." No. The only thing you're going to take with you is a Christlike character. To be Christlike. And the seed has been sown. Oh, whatever seed better said the spoken word, amen, goes in the ground, that's what it'll produce. And in this last day message, God has given us the seed that's going to produce a bride. And I believe it is happening in message churches. People that leave the message. I just don't understand. Of all the wrong that is in the message, I still believe that there's going to be people in this message that'll take the rapture. There's not another one. There's nothing somewhere else. No, this is it. How many believes that this is it? And that ain't never don't never look at the scarecrows and the phonies and the hypocrites. Don't even look at that. You look at the ro get your eyes on where it's supposed to be on the word of God. It's forming. How many believes it's forming a bride? I heard brother Bam says, "I don't care how many dark ages we have." He wouldn't care if we went through another dark ages. He said, "God is going to have a church without spot and without wrinkle. We are going to be changed in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye." That's what I'm interested in. Paul says, "From glory to glory." We look at the glass of the word. Amen. We're changed from glory to glory. Every time you come in those doors, guess what? A little more change is taking place. When you go out there, you you were not going to go out the same. You're going to go worse. You're going to go better. Amen. From glory to glory, he's changing me. Amen. Do you realize this morning that God working by his law to control this power has to give you faith? Amen. He's got to give it to you. Let me if I can find this quote that we left off and didn't get to. See the very next thing he was preaching on the everpresent water from the rock. When God saved you, he gives you faith to rise above the muck of the earth. Amen. See, we are saved by faith by grace through faith. That not of yourself. It's the gift of God. How many means if you ever get a hold of God, it's a gift that God gives you to believe that he is. If you ain't got nothing else to be happy about, if you ain't got nothing else to rejoice about, if you want some deep dark mystery, let me tell you a deep dark mystery. It is the grace of God that he puts in you to receive him and not reject him. To get the new birth, to be born again. God grants you that faith. Amen. Don't you all start hopping at once. We got concrete floors. You ain't going to bust nothing down. Amen. I thought that's just wonderful, isn't it? See, over faith overcomes the thing of the world. What is your faith? Your faith is that act that God has did in you to make you a son and daughter of God. Now, how many knows that's just the beginning? That's just the start. Getting saved and to become a child of God is just the beginning. Amen. We make the statement, I'm not what I ought to be. Amen. How many say I'm not what I ought to be? I'm not ought to be, but there's one thing I know that I'm not what I used to be. Glory. How many believe when God saves you, he changed your destiny? We make another statement. We make another phrase called brother David says that I do. If it wouldn't have been for the grace of God, brother Urban, Sister M, where would you be? Where would you be? Most of us have admit probably we'd be dead. Devil probably already took us because that's his ambition is take you. But there's no telling our destiny and where our course would have taken us. But I'm glad for that intersection in my life. Aren't you glad for that intersection that God turned you and he changed you? You who were dead in sins and trespasses has he quickened. He's made alive. Now you're not going down that I'm glad I go down that road. I'm an old man. I'm still as happy as I could ever be. I got fullness of joy. I got peace like never before. Why? Because of him. Thank you Jesus for changing my destiny. How many know second Peter has he says having uh given us great exceeding and great precious promises that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature. Now, I wrote down here, Brother Troy, I hope it's accurate. If it ain't, you can come come and correct me. One place the scripture says that we were by nature the children of wrath. Is that right? We were by nature the children of wrath. In other words, we were by nature a pig. But I wrote there, I was a sheep, Tommy, but I was a sheep with a pig nature. I wasn't a pig and changed into a sheep. No. Just like brother Bam says, a rainbow trout is always a rainbow stripe. Amen. But whenever you were born with the wrong nature, born the wrong way, how many knows our first nature, the lust of the flesh is everything evil. The nature of a pig, that's what we wallered in late at night and everything. We wallered in that. We had our past conversation, but I like it. The brother said, he says, you were only by nature that that was not the real you. The real you is that you was a sheep and you needed to have a nature change. Glory. Why do you get so happy, Brother Violet? Why do we scream and holler? I don't tell you what. We don't just scream and holler and worship or or say these things. And when we when we tap our hands, when we shout, it's because of our praise to him. That's what we come to the house of God for. We're praising God. If you don't like it, don't go to heaven cuz it's going to be noisy over there. Now I'm not waiting till I get over there to start appreciating what God had done for me. Amen. Amen. As that song says, well, you just don't know that I know what he's done for me. I know what he's done for me. That's why I pray. That's why we do it. That's why we get noisy. the Pentecostals and those folk, they would take all the steam, all the power, he said, and blow it out the whistle. Choo choo. Choo choo. Glory. I like the seam coming out the whistle. Amen. If there ain't a little seam coming out the whistle, brother brother Tommy, I wonder what in the world's going on. Nobody ever says, "Amen. Preach it, brother." Nobody ever scream. Never ever anybody rejoice. I wonder. But I want you to know there's more than just the steam coming out of the whip. There is power that's turning these big engines and making you into a person that looks acts acts like Jesus Christ. Act like a lady. Take a prostitute and change her into a lady. Take a brute beast man. Amen. Unfaithful and everything else. And make a gentleman out of him. That's what the power of God will do. Take a sinner and make him a saint. Take a dirty man and make him white as snow. Though your ch be a scarlet, he'll be white as snow. That's what I'm talking about. Amen. God change me from my old man to my new man. God is good. I praise him for what he does. Still not what I ought to be, but I'm changing. Changing. And it takes God to change. You got a husband that won't You just can't make him right. You can't make him treat you the way you ought to. Why don't you get him in the presence of God one time? Get him under the power of the Holy Ghost. That's the only thing that'll change him. You get a woman that's unfaithful or this or that or the other. You've got a nightmare. You got water in your blood. But guess what? When the Holy Ghost gets a hold of them. Amen. They'll be changed. Brother Bram says power transformation. That's what transform means. To change from one thing to another. How is that song? It goes, "Oh, from that creature that I once was. Oh, I've been changed. I've been reborn. I've been washed by the blood of the lamb." Amen. I don't know. I wanted to have a song service afterwards. I wanted to sing that song. That thumb's always going on my mind. I've been reborn. How many's glad they have been changed? Thank you, Jesus. I've been changed. We've changed. And we got to continue to change. Get more in his image. Take a little more of this out. God is building the statue of a perfect man. How many knows? Amen. Brother says, "Add to your faith virtue to knowledge and temperance and patience and godliness and then per keep on adding. Lord, help me. Keep on changing me. Get me in that statue. The stature. Not statue, but a stature of a perfect man. You love him this morning. Praise the Lord. Because how many knows one of these days Paul says when he comes, we'll be changed in the moment, in the twinkling of an eye. Amen. It takes God to change your desires. It takes God. It takes the Holy Spirit power to change your very thirst and what you love. Let me just read what he said. See, your faith overcomes the things of what is your faith? Your faith is the act of God in you to make you a son of God. you quit your lying, quit your stealing, quit your drinking because faith raises you above it. Amen. If you don't do it, then you didn't really have faith. Amen. How many knows that when he came and he washed our sins away? And he talks about he says that they uh all of their sins and all of that is never to be remembered anymore. But what he does, he comes in and if somebody would go back and disbelieve, there's no more remission for. But God comes to change the very desire. Take the desire for sin out. If that hasn't happened to you, then you have not gone deep enough. Amen. Not gone deep enough. Now, how many knows no matter how holy you are, how righteous you are, this flesh is always present and you've got to keep it down. Amen. Praise be to God. To raise us up above it. How many believe that's what true victory is? Victory over sin. He came to deliver us from sin, not to be in bondage to sin. All right, let me let me close with this with this. We're going to leave some of this other off. Let's just go. You know, people want power. Amen. And they really don't know what power is. Amen. I mean, there's a real genuine power of God. It changes your desires and your nature. That's what I want of everything. I don't want to come over there and say, "Well, I'll tell you what. prayed for so and so and this one had this happened that the other. Sure, I want all of that to happen. But that's not what we rely on. We rely on our character matching Jesus Christ. See, he says what goes with it is the way up is down. Remember I said Wednesday, he says, "Well, the only way to really if you really want to be filled with the God power, make sure that you are dead to yourself and that you are completely surrendered to God. Brother Bam says, he says, "If you want power, see how humble you can get. Just get away from all of your worldly thinking, be humble yourself before God, and then you've got power more than the man that runs all over the building and makes a big bunch of noise because you've been able to conquer yourself and commit yourself to God." How many believe that's the real power? Amen. By conquering yourself and by committing yourself to God. That's real power. I want power like the three Hebrew children had. They said he's going to deliver us. But if not, oh, I didn't get to preach that Wednesday. But if not, even God don't answer you. You don't get what you want. I don't care. I'm still gonna serve him. I'm gonna love him anyway. But if not, we're not gonna bow to the devil. We're going to love him anyhow. That's real power. Power is to completely commit yourself to God. Submit yourself. Surrender yourself to do what God said do. We want to be like Jesus was. Isn't that right? He says, "You do nothing. I always do that which pleases the father and I do nothing but what my father shows me first." How many believes you ought to pray about it? Listen, let me just give you a little experience of mine. I'm not going to share the experience, but I'm just going to give you the outcome of it. There are things that I've prayed for. I've prayed for this. I I'd like this. I'd like that. Something I desire. Something that I just wanted. All right. You say, "Well, the Bible says keep your blessed is he whose mind is stayed on thee." How does that go? And he shall give you the desires of your heart. There's different scriptures. That's not the right scripture. But anyway, there's another scripture talks about putting God first and he'll give you the desires of your heart. And you know, I have found that if you don't get hasty about it, don't get in a rush. Leave it there. God knows what you want. God knows what your heart's desire is. And then you just watch God work. But a lot of times we get so quick. Okay, it's got to happen today. No, just give God time. So that's my my that's my my advice is when you pray for something, don't get in a hurry about it. Give God time. He'll get to it. Amen. Praise the Lord. I believe he is that way. You've been able to conquer yourself. You got more power if you can if you can completely I remember brother Billy Ler I think he mentioned this one time and I've always stuck with me and I've I found it. He says he that ruleth his spirit is mightier than he that takes a city. Amen. If you can take a whole city if you can rule your spirit your attitude. Ain't that right? Your mind. No. Nope. Nope. That thought's not going to come. Is that right? Nope. Just get on out. You're mightier than he that taketh the city. Because look at all those droves of people that do not have control of themselves. How many knows those people do not have control of themselves? Show me a church that's humble, real humble, not arrogant, just a sweet, humble church. And I'll show you a church that has the favor of God and the power of God in it. How many believe we need to be sweet and kind and gentle and meek to each other? Amen. But when we get arrogant, Amen. and boastful on everything else, the Holy Spirit doesn't live in that. Doesn't dwell in that. Amen. See, that's right. That's the thing it takes is humility, humbling ourselves before God and letting God just work through us. You don't have to make a lot of noise. How many know it's not about the We love the noise, but it's not about the noise. I'm thankful to be in the message. You know why? Because the preachers that come through here, we don't get noisy just to be noisy. We get a little noisy because of the word that they bring. Because of what they say, what the principle of it is. Amen. When we clap or applaud, it's not the man, it's the word we're applauding. Amen. Because man doesn't deserve applaud. God deserves applaud. That's what we applaud. That's what we raise our voices for. Amen. I wrote down here, you know, sometimes we get a little noisy, but when a preacher talks about Isaiah 36, hey, when my wife goes back there and scream a little, that don't bother me a bit. That's perfectly well. Worshiping God for what he does in our lives. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many's looking forward to the meetings coming up? Amen. I get to take another good long break. Amen. So, praise the Lord. God bless you. Amen. And go back and just really enjoy. I know I'm going to make sure that I take take time and just really focus focus on the meetings. Amen. And the Holy Spirit. I want to say this. This is not about evening night tabernacle having a big meeting. and oh, we got a pig. And it's not what it's about. It is about perhaps some of those friends and those relatives and people, amen, in our local areas that we could come and if we could lead a soul to Christ. If we could get some backsliders back to God, that's our goal. I mean, that's our ambition. It's not about bigness. It's not about that. God's not in that. Amen. It's not in that. It's about trying to do something for the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Now, we'll take and remember Paul said, "When I came unto you, I didn't want to hear anything except Jesus Christ and him crucified." Because how many That's where it all hinges from. That's where it all come from. When Jesus left, he says, you know, they were to take the bread and the wine and do this in remembrance of me of what he did. How did he made all of this available? and how that he suffered and how he became unrecognizable. He became ugly so that we could become beautiful in here. Amen. We want to remember that this morning. Amen. God bless you this morning. Let's stand. We'll change the order of service. Let's go to the book of Corinthians.
