################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - Bro. Joe Adams • 6125 • Sun. • Power Restored to the Church - Predestinated to Quickening Power - Joe Adams.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-01
Title:    Bro. Joe Adams • 6/1/25 • Sun. • Power Restored to the Church - Predestinated to Quickening Power
Speaker:  Joe Adams
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 38m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rWuMhukCzs
========================================

Description:
Bro. Joe Adams • 6/1/25 • Sun. • Power Restored to the Church - Predestinated to Quickening Power
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Good morning, brothers and sisters. If we'll just stand this morning. Maybe uh Brother Tommy will open us in prayer this morning. Father, All of our sacrifice. Obvious Amen. If you're going with me in the Psalms to Psalms 8, we're just going to read Psalms 8. It's a short little Psalms here. Sure is good to be back in the house of the Lord this morning, expecting great things where two or three are gathered. He said that he he promised that he'd be in our midst. We believe that. We're at Psalms 8. Oh Lord our God, how excellent is thy name in all the earth who has set thy glory above the heavens. When I consider thy heavens, the work of thy fingers, the moon and the stars which thou hast ordained, For thou hast made him a little lower than the angels, and has crowned him with glory and honor. to the field. This one together. Oh Lord, our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth. God bless you, brother Josh. Amen. Welcome everybody this morning. You ready to worship the Lord? Amen. Who come expecting this morning? Amen. I know. I sure did. It's good to have our visitors here with us, the Adams family. Amen. Anyone else that's tuning in via the stream, it's good to have you here, too. Amen. Listening, my sins are gone this morning. You ask me why I'm happy. You ask me why I'm happy. So, I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. And when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they are, I say my sins are gone. Oh, there underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Was at the old time altar where God came in my heart. And now my sins are gone. The Lord took full possession. The devil did depart. Yes, I'm glad my sins are gone. Oh, there underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. as far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. When Satan comes to tempt me and tries to make me down, I say my sins are gone. You got me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. I'm glad my sins are gone. Oh, there underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. They're as far removed as darkness is from dawn. In the sea of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone and I'm living now for Jesus. I'm happy night and day because my sins are gone. My soul is filled with music. With all my heart I say I know my sins are gone. Oh, there underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary as far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness that's for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise this morning. Amen. There's power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, would you be free from the burden of sin? There's power in the blood. There is power in the blood. for you full of victory when there's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Let's sing the third verse. Oh, would you be wider, much wider than snow? There's power in the blood. There is power in the blood. And since things are lost in its lifegiving blow, there's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. When would you do service for Jesus your king? There's power in the blood. There is power in the blood. Would you lift me his praises to sing? Power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working out in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Amen. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the [Music] Lord. And though Satan rages, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Oh, give me your hand. Let's agree together that all of our eneies will crumble at our feet. And whatever we bind on earth, it shall be bound in heaven. Oh, at the name of Jesus, Satan has to [Music] flee. We've got the power in the name of [Music] Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. And though Satan [Music] rages, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. And for many years now, Satan's tried to stop us. Oh, but the bride of Jesus, the Lord is still alive. And like a mighty army, we keep marching onward, winning every battle because the Lord's on our side. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power. Oh, in the name of the Lord. And though Satan reigned, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Amen. Who believes that this morning? Amen. Listen. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Amen. Oh, there is power in the name of [Music] Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. And there is power. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. And there's an army rising up. Oh, there's an army rising up. Oh, there's an army rise up. Oh, there's an army rise up. Oh, to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. To break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There's a bride rising up. Oh, there's a bride. She's right up. Oh, there's a bride. Rise up. Oh, there's a rise. She's rising up. Oh, to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. To break every chain. Break every chain. break every chain. Amen. That's you and me this morning. Amen. We're going to go to prayer at this time. Man, we don't have any written prayer requests this morning. I wonder if Brother Brad if you'd come this morning. Brother Danny and brother Michael John and brother Paul if you'd come and take up the offering. Amen. But if you have a need, just let it be known before the Lord uplifted hand as we go to prayer. Amen. Brother Brad. Father, we just come this morning, Lord, and just step into your presence, Lord. And we're thankful for your presence amongst us this morning. And we trust that there's a full liberty and freedom in in the presence here this morning, Lord. And we just ask, Lord, that you would come into our midst in a special way this morning and speak to the hearts of your believers this morning. And you saw the hands all over the building this morning and the needs that's been brought before you. The unspoken request and we know that there's needs are many, Lord. But we know you're a great God, Lord, and you're able and and functioning, Lord, and able to meet each and every need that's before us, Lord. So, we commit these needs into your hands, Lord, and trusting as your will be done, Lord. Lord, we just ask that you bless this offering, Lord, in a special way this morning. Bless those that can give, those who cannot. bless Brother Joe this morning in a special way, Lord, and just give him the liberty as we've seen him study and set himself aside and and preparing for the service. And we trust that we've come prepared, Lord, that there's a bedding ground as the word falls and the in and the word falls that it'll just be a place that it can grow and it can move, Lord Jesus, as it's our heart's desire just to grow into you. So we commit the service into your hands now and everything that be said and done to bring honor and glory to you. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Morning. May mean God bless you as you give. Amen. Can we sing that little song? When I think about the Lord, how he saved me. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around, how he placed my feet on solid ground. Oh, it makes me want to shout a hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. [Music] Oh yes. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, has he been good to you? Oh, how he picked me up and turned me around. How he placed my feet. Oh, on solid ground. Oh, it makes me want to shout a hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me want to shout a hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Amen. Sister Lisa is going to come and bless us with a special this morning. Let's just think sing that again as she comes. It makes me want to shout a hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. [Music] [Music] When you need a friend, when you need somebody to lean on, I could tell you someone who I stay by my side, who forgave me and filled me and wash me wide. Don't let fear stand in your way because I know who makes all things new. and who holds my tomorrow. Who brings peace within the storm. He can free you and deliver you today. And when you need a healer, when you need a provider, just reach your hands to Jesus to see what he will do. because he cares about your hurting. And he cares what you go through. And don't let fear stand in your way. Because I know who makes all things new and who holds my tomorrow. who brings peace within the storm. He can free you and deliver you today. He will break your chains. He will make you whole. He will fill your heart. Surren into your soul. He is almighty. He is powerful. He is God of the impossible. He will break your chains. He will make you whole. He will fill your heart stir into your soul. He is almighty. He is powerful. He is God of the impossible. He will break your chains. He will make you whole. He will fill your heart surrender to your soul. He is almighty. He is powerful. He is God of the impossible. And don't let fear stand in your way. Cuz I know who makes all things new and who holds my tomorrow. Who brings peace within the storm. He can free you and deliver you today. And he can free you and deliver you today. And he has freed you and has delivered you today. [Music] [Applause] Amen. We serve a God of the impossible. I remember the Glennster Sherry going to come this morning. As they come, let's sing. What a day that will be. My Jesus I shall see. What a day that will be. When my Jesus I shall see. And I look upon his face. The one who saved me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, a glorious day that will be. Well, good morning everyone. God bless each and every one of you. Uh, let me tell you, Sister Lisa, as soon as my nephew gets a sound man for his studio, we'll have an album by her with all of her songs. That's a promise. All right. [Music] She was 12 years old. The Bible said when life just up and gave her away. In the hands of death she reached for life. Her mother wept. Her father cried, "She's [Music] dead." Jesus wrote a different story, another chance for God to receive glory. He woke her up and took her hand, restored to her life again. And this is all they heard the young girl say. [Music] Come and see what Jesus did when who I was met who he is. [Music] Come, come and behold. So you'll believe. Don't take my word. Just come and see. [Music] Slow down. Once again, death came for life and left behind a trail of broken tears. Sickness came to Lazarus life. An empty tomb. His body soon would fill. So Jesus came and Jesus wept. They said, "Come and see our brother in the grave." [Music] A stone was rolled. A prayer was prayed. Come forth rang out. Death ran away. Belief was born as faith stood to say. [Music] Come and see what Jesus did. When who I was meant who he is. Come and behold. So you believe. Don't take my word. Just come and see. Come and see what Jesus did. When who I was meant who he is. Come and behold so you'll believe. Don't take my word. Just come and see. Don't take my word. Just come and see. [Applause] Amen. Thank you, brother Glenn, sister Sherry. Amen. Who's ready for the word this morning? Amen. Let's stand and we're going to invite Brother Joe. Remember, Brother Joe is no stranger to us. So, let's just pull on the gift this morning. Amen. See what the Lord has for us. And as he comes, let's sing I'm sheltered in the arms of God this morning. So let the storms rage high. The dark clouds rise. They don't worry me for I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. and he walks with me and not of earth can harm [Music] me. Oh, for I'm sheltered in the arms of God. I feel the touch of hands so kind and tender. They're leading me in paths that I must trust. And I'll have no fear for Jesus walks beside [Music] me. For I'm sheltered in the arms of God. And so let the storms rage high, the dark clouds rise. Bless you. Good to see you. Bless you. For I'm sheltered in the arms of God. walks with me in [Music] love. For I'm sheltered in the arms of God. Aren't you thankful this morning? That's where you're sheltered. Amen. No greater place. The Bible says he will be a a strong tower that the righteous can run to and and they're safe. They're sheltered in his loving arms this morning. So, we bring greetings to you today. Brother Tim, our pastor, and the saints there at Evening Light send their greetings. And just want to say thank you to brother Thomas for having us to come back. As uh as brother Josh said, we're no stranger. So, we're glad to be here. This is kind of like our home away from home. I was telling Brad, I preach here probably more than I preach at the home church. So, praise the Lord. We're glad. We're glad to be here with you this morning. We want to turn to the We'll turn to him and have a word of prayer and kind of get into this thought this morning. We do have uh two services today. And obviously, you know that more than I do. This is your church. But we just want to take a thought. We kind of pick back up on where we had been preaching the last couple services for you and just kind of continue this line of thinking this morning. So, Father, we just bow our hearts and our heads to you. Thank you Lord for the opportunity you give us to worship you to come today Lord and Lord give reverence and honor to you and we ask that your word would just be made manifest God quicken it to our hearts our lives Lord may it be more than just a formality may it be more than just agreeing with the words on a page but God we're asking that the words will come off the page of the Bible the Lord to come off the tapes that we listen to Lord and the word be made flesh in this hour God you would tell us that we're written epistles read above by all men. And we're just asking, Lord, that our lives will tell the story, Lord, that we're no longer sinners. We're no longer slaves, Lord, but we're sons of God. We're daughters of God, Lord. We've been redeemed by the blood. And so, we're asking for that blood to come, Lord, and be in effect today on our behalf. We just commit this service to you. We ask that you'll bless the giving of the word and the receiving of it, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. If you have your Bibles this morning, we're going to look here. I'm going to look in a couple places. So we'll look in Ephesians 1 3-1 11, Luke 24:49, Romans 8:10-11, and then we'll have you be seated. So Ephesians 1 and verse three, blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places according as notice now according as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy without blame before him in love having predestinated us unto the adoption of children that means placing of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will to the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved, in whom we have redemption through his blood, and forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace, wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence, having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure, which he has purposed in himself, that in the dispensation of the fullness of times, he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven and which are on earth, even in him in whom also we have attained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who worked at all things after his counsel of his will. Luke 24 and verse 49. If you'll turn there, Amen. You glad to be in the house of the Lord this morning? All right, we'll take some head nodding. That's okay. We'll warm you up this morning. Luke 24:49. And behold, I send the promise of my father upon you, but tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem until you have been endued with power from on high. Remember, there's a promise of power. Jesus is letting his disciples know where to go to receive this power. And it's expected. Don't just go, but go with an expectation that when you come into this place, I'm telling you, he's given you the forewarning that I'm going to fill you with power. I'm going to give you this power that you seek. Now, let's go to Romans 8 and verse 10. Romans 8 and verse 10 and we'll look at 10 and 11. And if Christ be in you, so here's the key, church, this morning is that Christ has to be in you. Not an idea, not a doctrine, not a dogma, not a creed, but Christ. If Christ be in you, then the body is dead because of sin. But the spirit is life. And that word there, spirit is life, is Zoe. That means God's own life because of righteousness. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by the spirit that dwelleth in you. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. just put that there. So, I want to kind of come back and I want to take my time this morning. I want to speak to you again on power restored to the church, but we'll give it a subtitle this morning on predestinated for quickening power or predestinated to quickening power. And we find here in our reading in Ephesians, we hear this word predestinated mentioned several times. Several times. And we understand that brother Brown would talk about predestination and he, you know, he talked about us being in the thoughts of God before the foundation of the world. And the thoughts of God, they are eternal. And so if God already had a thought of you, then no matter what you go through on this side of eternity, you're going to make sure God's going to make sure that you fit the thought that he had in his mind. But we look here in Romans 10, and we we've been told in Luke 24, there's a promise of power coming. And and in in Romans 8, we find here that if Christ be in us, the spirit of God be in us, the Zoey life of God be in us, and if that spirit that's in us, if it raised up Christ from the dead, then it's also going to quicken these mortal bodies. We look here at this word quicken here. The word quicken here means to cause to live. You may have come in here this morning dead. You may be trapped in sin. You may be living a life of unbelief. You may be a sinner. You can be in drugs and alcohol. No matter what it is. But if Christ can come in you today, then he can quicken this life. He can make it alive. He can give you life. It's a spiritual power to arouse, to invigorate, to restore to life. Let me tell you, all of us had one time lived a life outside of the indwelling of the spirit. And I want you to understand this morning, church. It's got to be more just them proclaiming, I believe God sent a prophet. It's got to be more than just I believe there's a message been been sent in this hour. We're speaking about Jesus Christ, the token life becoming in flesh this morning, living inside of somebody. the power of God to quicken your life, to transform your being, to make you from a sinner to a son of God, the way God had originally planned you to be. It takes an overcoming power. It's not mind over matter. It's not going to so and so's church. It's not believing in God sent a prophet. It's being quickened by the Holy Ghost. And I want you to understand me this morning. I want it to be more than a mental conception. You may be a good person. You may be a good Christian. I'm not talking about being a moral morally good person. I'm talking about know that you've been quickened by the power of Jesus Christ. Quickening power. We're predestinated to quickening power. Today we find there's a lot of good kids. And I'm kind of getting ahead of myself, but we're going to preach by inspiration. You got a lot of good kids go to a lot of great camps. They go into that camp and they come out of that camp the same way they went in. Well, mom and dad's a deacon. Mom, well, not mom. Hope God, hope not. We got some real problems in the churches. Then, dad's a deacon. Dad's a minister. This one's that. Mama's us singing. And we got all this. And you know, our whole religious idea and our whole religious identity is because of what who we where we go to church or, you know, what we believe or who our parents are. But what about that quickening power becoming a personal quickening power? Talking about take it off a mama, take it off a pastor, take it off of uncle, take it off a church, take it off a location, and place it in your heart, in your soul that you know that you know that you know that your life has been transformed. The things that you used to do, the desires that you used to have, you don't do anymore, you don't desire anymore. that only caused by the indwelling of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It only comes by quickening power. Well, I go to brother Thomas's church. That's great. But that quickening power ain't there. You're going to hell. Or better yet, I would just say it like this. That quickening power is not there. You will go through a tribulation. I'm not going to say you're going to hell. That's between you and God. But I will tell you, he's only going to rapture those that have been quickened. This is flat, but I'm trying to spare you some heartache. So, we look here. God will only quicken, brother Brad, what he has redeemed. And God will only redeem that which he intends to quicken. Oh, hallelujah. For some of y'all that know that you've been quickened by the Holy Ghost, that should make you shout this morning. That should make you rejoice this morning. That declares to you this morning, I can't be lost. I won't be lost cuz I've been redeemed by the blood. And I if I've been redeemed, that means I've been quickened. And he's only going to quicken that which he plans to redeem. That means you can't miss a rapture. That means you won't miss the rapture. But he would tell us in end time evangelism. And I listened to this sermon on the way up this this week. And he says, "Remember now my message recently on the bride." And if you haven't listened to the restoration of the bride tree, I would encourage you to go listen to that. And he says, "Now see how that he took Jesus. He was a tree. The one that David saw a tree planted by the rivers of water. His fruit and seed, the most perfect tree. And they cut him down. They hung him on a man-made Roman tree for mockery. But what did he do? He rose up again on the third day. And the prophet says, "What else did he do?" He set forth a bride tree. So it wasn't so much that he was just coming to be a tree that's going to be set by the rivers of water and going to produce its own fruit. But he was looking for a bride tree. He's looking for a people, a church, a tree that would bring forth fruit through every age. But in the finality of all the ages, it will be a time that that fruit will be plucked. That fruit will be picked and that fruit will be quickened and caught up with him. And we find, he says, what else did he do? He set forth the bride tree, a man and a woman, like the trees that was in the Garden of Eden. Two trees. One of them was a tree of life. One was a tree of death. And what did he do? He come to redeem this tree. You see, since he redeemed it at Calvary, he's ready to plant her now to restore his bride tree. The one that should have been in Eden, but she fell there because she disbelieved the word. But oh, here he's going to restore a tree that will believe the word. I say, "Mama, that's me this morning. I believe the word. I believe the message. I believe the prophet. I believe the scriptures. I believe Malachi 4. I believe Luke 17:30. I believe Revelations 10. My I believe it pertains to me this morning. I am that bride tree. And when she come up, listen what he said. Now when she come up on the day of Pentecost, that original doctrine, that original faith, then what did Rome begin to do? send the cankerorm, the polymer worm. Each one of them took its part of the fruit off the fruit, the leaves, and everything. Sucked it all down. Oh, but a prophet said, "I will restore." Look around, church. I'm talking about the restoration. Talking about the restoration. Why aren't these pews full? Because it ain't for everybody. It's only for those that have been quickened. Only for those that'll be redeemed. And I trust there's more out there around this area that's going to come to the revelation of who they are. But we find here God to give a promise. I will restore sayeth the Lord. She started back in the reformation. What did she do? She organized and God pruned her right in St. John 14. Cut all the organization off of it and she came to Wesley and she organized and God pruned it off. See, God is speaking of his fruit tree that he had planted. God planted a fruit tree. He planted on the day of Pentecost and he brought that tree there for a purpose. He wanted it to bear his fruit word. God's word. He wanted a church that would keep his word all down through the age. Eve had failed to keep it. The Jews had failed to keep it. The law had failed and it fell. So God planted him a tree. I'm here to tell you church that this bride though that first Eve failed to keep the word. But this bride, this end time bride tree, she will not fail to keep the promises of God. God has determined I'm going to restore a church. He's not going to restore on some man concept. He's not going to restore some man-made creed, but he's going to restore a church on the word of God. I will restore. And he says, "She is still coming." For who? So, as many as the Lord our God should call, you can be eight this morning. You can be 80 this morning. Whosoever the Lord our God shall call. He says in the evening time there will not be an organization but there will be a church. There will be say where does the fruit ripen at in the top. Why? The sun hits it. In the evening time the seeds are planted now for an evening time bride. Oh my. An evening time bride. And in the evening time the seeds are planted now for an evening time bride. When the tree of life, notice the tree of life is Jesus Christ. He was one that was in the garden. And he says, when the tree of life returns back to the bride, what is he meaning there? It means when that tree of life that was in the garden now comes back inside that bride tree otherwise quickens that bride tree gives her the same life that was in the garden is now the same life that's permeating a people living in a manifesting in a people. That's what he's waiting for. That's what he's longing for. He's longing for the display of that life to be in the display of this life. more than just being a one-man ministry. He's looking for a multimember body ministry. Oh, hallelujah. So, the evening time evangelism, listen what he says, will be the mark of Malachi 4 to restore the faith of the people back to the faith of the fathers. See, that's the baptism of the Holy Ghost that baptizes us into the body that recognize only his body, his flesh, his word. Denominations won't ever touch that. It's a revelation. and she knows it. So he says, "So did Eve know it, but she fell, but this one knows it and won't fail." Oh, hallelujah. No matter how bad it gets, no matter how low you get, no matter how dark it gets, this one won't fail. Somebody should say amen to that. This bride, me, I'm a part of this bride. I'm a part of that bride tree. I can't fail. I won't fail. Listen what the prophet of God says. She's ordained. Hallelujah. Woo. She is ordained not to fall. She won't fail. She is predestinated to it. What am I speaking about this morning? Predestinated to quickening power. It means you can't fail. You can't miss the quickening power. If you ever was in the mind of God, if you ever was in the thoughts of God, God is determined. He's going to quicken that seed and bring that seed to manifestation. So, mama, daddy, quit worrying about your child. Quit worrying about your children. Place them in the loving hands of Almighty God and trust that they were seed. Before there was ever seed in your womb, they were seeds in the mind of God. Before they ever came to manifestation on this earth, they took their first breath in the mind of God. God saw everything that they would be. And God sent a word and God placed them in your care. Because why? God knew there would come a time. God knew there would come a service. God knew there would come a time where the quickening power of the Holy Ghost would capture that seed and bring that seed to life and quicken that seed to eternal life. As a parent, you want to do for your kids, right? You want them to have this. And the sad part is it's not ours to give. But you have to you have to look beyond the failures. You have to look beyond their mistakes. You have to look beyond what you see with the outward appearance. And you have to trust that there's a seed on the inside. I love how the prophet of God would say that a son of God can go a long time before he ever recognizes he's a son. Oh, now back to eternal life. I love what he says, redeeming back with him, going home. Notice redeeming back. Otherwise, to redeem means to reclaim. God's reclaiming a bride. You know, Satan would tell you, "Well, you always belong to me. You always had my desires, and you wanted the world and the things of the world, and you gravitated to this and gravitated to that." But God said, "I'm redeeming back my bride. I'm reclaiming my bride." How does he do that? By one spirit, we are saved. By one spirit, we are quickened. And it takes the quickening power of God to take a life that seems to be minuscule, that seems to be wasted in the world. And God can take that life and so quicken it and so fill it and so turn their desires and completely revolutionize their nature to the things that they used to do, they despise to do them anymore. And that's what it takes, church. It takes the quickening power, not of your favorite preacher, but the quickening power of the Holy Ghost. What is it? The bride is going back with him, redeemed back to the original Adam and Eve again. for debt is left behind. They look back at the cross and see the debt has been paid. He said, "Now this is in Christ the mystery of God revealed." Now by faith we are resurrected with him, sitting in heavenly places right now, looking back to what redeemed us. Waiting for the husband to come to march home with him. And I hope that's what you're waiting for. I hope that's what you're looking for. The husband to come and to snatch away his bride. You know, I remember the day I got married, Brother Brad. It's been 23 years ago, but I'll never forget it. Brother Tommy, I stood there with the pastor. All everybody's eyes was on me. I'm like, "Yeah, I was loving it, just smiling." Well, when those doors opened up and my eyes fell on my bride, my my my moment I had been waiting for all my life. come walking step after step after step arrayed in fine linen, clean and white, pure. And I had the honor and the privilege of taking her from out from the headship of her father and bringing her under my headship. See, God is longing for that day when those doors are going to open and this bride stands before him clean and white, pure. Oh, we know we've done the things that we've done, right? We're we're of that. But there's a blood that's been washed over the people. And red through red makes white. Now she's clean. Now she's spotless. Now she's without wrinkle. Now she's without blemish. And he's longing, church. He's longing for them doors to open and that eastern sky to split. And he come and take away his bride. the bridegroom, the husband coming to take away the bride tree to quicken her not only in their spirit, but now to quicken her body. This old pest house of sin, this old this old the deliberating or debilitating body of ours and gets sick and and begins to wake up and hurt. The older you get, the more decrepit it gets. But one day, we're going to step outside of this mortality and we're going to put on immortal life. We're going to put on a new body, a heavenly body. The body that we came by, that we passed over, is called a theophony body, church. We're going back to that body. Let me tell you, there ain't enough devils in hell going to keep us from going back to that body. Why? Cuz quickening power has come in this age to quicken a people and bring them back to the mind of God to put them back in heavenly places. He says, "And you are quickened." And this quickening power brings your body into a rapture condition already. See, notice the Pentecostal people up there when they got quickened by the Holy Spirit. Now, don't be afraid. Now, I know we're several hundred years past Pentecost and you know, and and in the message ranks, we were afraid of Pentecost. Pentecosta, we were so worried about the emotionalism and everybody just having emotion and emotion emotion. Let me say, but if your if your doctrine is based on this, if your emotion is backed up by the word of God, you can shout. Come on. If if it's backed up by the word of God, you can dance. If that emotion, when that revelation strikes your heart and and you want to run around the church, you can do it. Why? Because it ain't just mere emotion. It ain't just excitement. It ain't just a euphoria and being captivated in a service. No, it's based on the word of God. When you find yourself in the word of God and God quickens a promise to you, God quickens the word to you. God fills you with the Holy Gh, you may shout, you may jump, you may dance, but make sure that it's based on the word of God. It ain't based on some sense of emotion. It ain't based on some man's idea and everybody hooping and jumping, but it's based on quickening power and quicken your soul from unbelief to believing. I say God quicken us this morning. Quicken us to the reality that we are that bride tree. He says, "Then you are quickened." And this quickening power, listen to me, young people, this quickening power brings your body into a raptured condition. Notice the Pentecostal people up there when they got quickened, he's talking about the day of Pentecost by the Holy Spirit. When those Pentecostal group up there on the day of Pentecost received their abstract deed from God, sure it glorified their souls. That's what it is. This quickening power that I'm speaking of, it glorifies the soul. It changes the soul. And we understand there is going to be another quickening that's going to change his body. But until then, allow the spirit to quicken the soul to change your soul. Notice it glorified their soul. They screamed. So, it's okay to scream. Well, we got to have special meetings. We got we got to let me just let me just walk back here for a minute. We got to have special meetings and we got to have dynamic preachers and we got to have this and we got to have that. We ain't got to have that to raise this. No, sir. No. No. You should expect quickening power every service. It doesn't matter who's preaching. It doesn't matter what they're preaching. If they're preaching the word of God, you should be able to raise that banner and say, "I'll be quickened. I'm under expectation for quickening power, for the anointing of the Holy Ghost." So what if it ain't your favorite preacher? It don't matter. You can still receive because he should be your favorite preacher. I'm just going to put this here because I may wave it throughout this service. They quicken their body to a heavenly language. the place that they were going. Oh, you ain't going to be speaking English in heaven. It's another language. We should start practicing that language here. You're like, "What do you mean, bro?" I mean, allow yourself to get captivated by the spirit. Even when there's church is half full. We think we can't have powerful services when the pews are not filled. You can have a powerful service with two or three. That's right. I was at a church last week in Minneapolis. We had 20 people in the service. But we had church. 20 people. But we had church. What am I telling you? It ain't dependent on numbers, church. It's about what is your expectation. See, it quickened their body to a heavenly language. the place that they were going. Quickening power. God shook their mortal bodies till their entire mortal language was transfigured, transformed into an immortal language. What a quickening power. Well, you know, if if brother Brad would just really let go, then we can have quickening power. No. What about you let go? Let me just ask you. If I came up here this morning and I didn't study all week, I hadn't made any preparations, I didn't have any notes, and I'm just winging it. Boy, you just love that kind of preaching, wouldn't you? Look at him. He's the winged preacher. Fall flat on his face. I mean, fumbling over words, no talk, no thought, just running here, squirrel here, and squirrel there, and he's out on a limb here. No consistency in the thought. You think, man, why in the world did Brother Thomas invite him, you know? But I pray and I study and I seek the leadership of God and you know you wouldn't want that in a preacher now would you? Come on church class participation. It's okay this morning. Can I get an amen? But when that preacher has studied and he is and he has sought God and he has prayed and he he has been in the word and he comes here and begins to pour out his heart to try to get the people to see the revelation and you sit there. You hadn't made any preparation. You hadn't prayed. You hadn't prayed for the service. You didn't come with any kind of expectation. Oh, but you don't want the preacher to get say anything about it because why? Oh, the shoes on the other foot. But let me tell you, if the preaching should be expected to prepare, what about the members of the church? Shouldn't we be expected to prepare? We should come to every service waiting and anticipating and looking for quickening power to come and change our heart. You may not be in need, but your brother and sister may be in need. They may need your prayer. They may need you to create an atmosphere that the Holy Ghost can drop down and seal that predestinated seed. Amen. Notice he said, "If the spirit that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in your mortal bodies, it shall also quicken your mortal bodies." We are quickened then by the power of the living God. See, quickening power is God's own life manifesting in the believer. See, what does quickening power do? I ask you that. What does it do? It means that you can't live the way that you used to live. So, some of you, I'm not going to ask you that you know you got the Holy Ghost because everybody will put their hand up. Well, I know I got it. But if you're still doing the things you used to do, come on. Gut check, reality check. If you're still doing the things you used to do, you still have the desire to do the things you used to do, then you need to take that hand and you need to bring it down and you need to have a reality check, a conference with God. Oh, I'm glad that you want to raise your hand. I'm glad that you want to claim that. But I'm not talking about just proclaiming something. I'm talking about knowing that you've been quickened that that seed on the inside that your life has been do you understand that one day these bodies are about to be raptured out of here and if you don't know that you know that you know you're going to be left behind you going to be part of that series oh left behind series where you're going through a great tribulation and the wrath of God going to be poured out but God has promised a people in this hour God has sent a message in this hour to do what? To restore that bride tree to quicken that seg on the inside. You don't have to wonder. You don't have to probe. You don't have to question. You can have the assurance this morning. That quickening power is on the inside. And your nature's been changed. Your desires have been changed. Not what you used to be turned to to the world can be turned back to the word. The desires be turned heavenly. Church. But notice many believe that quickening power just means you believe God's in a message. Well, bless God. I go to brother Thomas's church. Well, bless God. Satan comes here every Sunday. Quickening powers means you believe God's in a profit. But see, quickening power quickens the soul to life. See, it quickens you much more than just believing the message or that God sent a prophet. It quickens you to being much more than being a a good person. Much more than just being a morally decent person. Come on, church. Quickening power turns your heart back to the faith of the fathers. See, your nature's been changed. Your desires have been changed. The things that you used to do, you don't do them no more because now your desires are different. Second Timothy 3 and verse one, this know that in the last days perilous times will come. Now that word perilous means hard to bear, troublesome, dangerous, harsh, fierce, savage. That's today. I mean, you got to be blind, deaf, and dumb not realize we're living in perilous times. He says, "Men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemer, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, truth bakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, and despisers of the those that are good, traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God." Talking about a woke generation. Lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God. They spend eight, nine, 10 hours playing video games. Can't hold down a job because they're too worried about missing their next video game, playing with their contender over somewhere else and trying to beat them. And yet their their their soul is shriveled up. Notice having a form of godliness. That word form there means semblance or appearance. having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof from such turn away. So I want to kind of break into verse five here and I want us to look at this because it's kind of a teaching preaching service this morning but having a form or a semblance of godliness but denying that word denying marriage is to disclaim to disown to renounce to decline to refuse. It's not just declining. No, I don't have time. But no, you you're adamantly opposed to it. You refuse it. You decline it. Notice the condition of the people of the end time. They have a form, a semblance of godliness, but they deny the quickening power, access to their soul, to quicken them, to change them. They disown it. They renounce it. They decline it. They refuse the power that was promised in Luke 24:49. No, they may look apart. They may look like a good man, a good woman, a good boy, a good girl. They may but but inside of the inside, they deny the access of the Holy Spirit that come down and completely change their life. They want to hold on to their fashion. They want to hold on to the things of the world. They want to hold on to their their worldly associates. But I'm talking about being transformed. I'm talking about being quickened by the power of God. Amen. Notice he said his word testifies in the last days there will come a falling away. There will come up a cold formal powerless church. That's what we're living in. A church that had no power having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof from such turn away. When we deny the Holy Spirit access in our lives, access in our home, access in our churches, we will be a powerless people. And the prophet said, "If the church could identify and withstand the two spirits within the framework of the Christian church, Satan would be powerless." But we find today that it's not Satan that's powerless in many churches. It's the people that are powerless because the people's gotten cold. They got in formal. They gotten indifferent. You know, you may look like a Christian, may act like a Christian, may go through the motions, attend church, special meetings, dress right. But without the spirit to quicken that seed, you will turn cold. You will turn indifferent. You will be defeated by the enemy. And what you find is when you become cold and you become indifferent, you walk through those doors and you just go through the motions of being a Christian. I sit on my certain seat on a certain side of the church. I do a certain thing. I come in. I look right. I I do all the mechanical things, right? But it ain't about the mechanical things. It's not about you fulfilling some church responsibility or some self-righteous duty, but it's about the quickening power. I remember when I gave my heart to the Lord at 22 years old, I was dabbling in the church. I didn't really have a desire to go to church. I was out there in the world hanging on to the things of the world, doing the things that worldly guys do at 21, 22 something years old. And but when God truly got a hold of my heart, my passion and my desire became church. I quit the bar scene. I quit the drinking scene. I quit that scene. I turned away from all my worldly associates. I was alone, brother Tommy. For months on in kind of like Paul on the back side of the desert trying to find out who this God was that just completely changed my life. And that's what it means to be quickened. When God comes down and quickens you, he changes your desires. He changes your worldly associates. Oh, it doesn't mean you can't be friends, but it means you're not going out with them all the time. You're not hanging out with them all the time. Because why? How can two birds fly together? How can they flock together unless they be in agreement? Let me tell you, this is the agreement right here. We should flock together around this word. We should gravitate together around thus sayeth the Lord. We should expect God to come in every service. We should be praying for our young people to have a real Holy Ghost experience. Don't wait for some camp meeting. Get on your knees and begin to pray, begin to fast, begin to call out to God. God, I want to see my son saved. God, I want to see him filled with the Holy Ghost and do what is necessary. mean business with God. God quicken them. Change them. Revolutionize their appetite. God, give them a hunger for the things of God. So, Brother Joe, why are you preaching it like this? Because I'm praying like this. I'm believing like this. I got four kids. I'm praying God to get a hold of them. Well, you're a good preacher. It ain't based on being a good preacher. It ain't based on being a good family. It ain't my relationship with God does not tie to them to God. They got to have their own relationship. God does not have grandchildren. Ephesians 3 and verse 20. Now to him that is able. I love this. To do exceed and abundantly above all that we can ask or think according to the power that workketh within us. Unto him be glory in the church of Christ Jesus throughout all the ages world without end. Notice this phrase who exceeded and abundant means superior, extraordinary, surpassing, uncommon, super added, more imminent, more remarkable, more excellent. Now there's another translation that would it says like this. Now to him who in exercise of his power that is at work within us is able to do infinitely beyond. Infinitely beyond. That means without end. I know some of you kind of like me. Your little Kentucky brain can't wrap around that word infinitely or infinitely, however you want to say it, but it's inf infinitely beyond all of our highest prayers or our thoughts. See, God's able to do far exceeding more than we can ask or even think. And if he can do that, then shouldn't we ask? Shouldn't we think? Shouldn't we pray? Shouldn't we believe for it? God pour it out. Service after service. But don't just wait for a service. Pour it out in the car. Pour it out in the closet. Pour it out at home. Pour it out. No matter if it's on the school, pour it out on a job. God, pour it out. I'm expecting Lord that you to do the exceeding abundantly. If it's on a Sunday morning, if it's on a Wednesday night, if it's a special meeting, it doesn't matter God. I'm only asking, God, that you pour it out. Let the quickening power of the Holy Ghost come and quicken that predestinated seed. 1 Corinthians 2 and verse one says, "And brethren, when I came to you," notice Paul's prayer or Paul's preaching here. I like Paul. Paul's man after I think me and Paul would have been best buddies. Paul, man, he shuck corn and Johnny didn't care. Paul, listen what Paul says. And I, brethren, when I came to you, I came not with excellency of speech or of wisdom. Now, Paul was an intelligent man. He was a learned man. He sat at the feet of Galia. He was a he was an, you know, a bright man, a brilliant man, just a a brilliant mind when it comes to the scriptures. But he says, "Notice my speech. I didn't come with you with excellency of speech or wisdom, declaring unto you the testimony of God. For I determined not to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ and him crucified. And I was with you in weakness and in fear and in much trembling. And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing or persuasive words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the spirit of God. Notice that your faith shall not stand in the wisdom of man, but in the power of God. See, Paul is saying my ministry and you know, it didn't come with liberal arts. It didn't come with science. It didn't come with psychological uh endeavors and and philosophy and dry morality of the Gentiles. But my gospel, my preaching came with salvation through a crucified Christ. He knew that his preaching, it wasn't just going to fall dead. But God had anointed Paul to what? To change hearts and to change lives and to establish a gentile church to be quickened by the word. And Paul says, "My words didn't come. They're not enticing words, technical words, words of art can strive that human wisdom to captate or captivate our affections or have probable arguments only or to show reason to persuade the mind to ascent. No, nothing solid, substantial in advance. Only the run of words are or artfully put together, but without any strength of the argument in them, a method used by false teachers. But Paul said, "My preaching, my preaching came with power and demonstration of the Holy Ghost." What does that word demonstration means? It means manifestation. It means indutible proof. And that word indutible there means impossible to doubt. Paul said my preaching came with the impossibilities to doubt the word that when I lay hands on the sick, they had recovered. The dead were raised, the blind saw, the crippled walk. Paul saying, "My ministry, it ain't just come with enticing words, but there was a spirit behind it that quickened that word, and the dead raised alive, and evil spirits went out of people." Indutable proof impossible to doubt. He said, "The testimony of my ministry is that that which was preached manifested See the spirit furnished the evidence. Not a doctrine, not an idea, not a region, but the spirit. Paul says that the spirit had furnished a demonstration of the divine origin and the nature of the gospel. And we had back home at our church sister Atlanta. Many of you may have heard of her testimony. Believe I've given it here and brother Timothy shared it just a few weeks ago. you find that she had in her her left side of her lung was completely stage 4 nonhoskins cancer. They didn't give her no hope, brother Devin. But in a service after taking a few chemo treatments, lost her hair, ports in her arm, Brother Tim began to sing, "I'm leaning on the everlasting arm. I'm leaning. Yes, I'm leaning safe and secure from all alarm. And that revelation, it quickened that seed on the inside that cancer was defeated. It quickened it. Notice it became a personal revelation. And out of the mezzanine, she went and she began to dance around the church. Indutable evidence that the word that I'm preaching to you, Paul's gospel, William Brandham's gospel, our gospel, our message is still evidently effective. We had a young boy, young girl in our church. There she was, 16 years old on a night. She come up for prayer, wanted her son, her brother, excuse me, her brother saved. He was out in a rock band and got into drugs and alcohol on the college scene. He looked like a repbate. Kind of like some of our kids. You know, sometimes they look repbate. They look without hope, without any help. But yet God on a Wednesday night here, the service went long. And this young man woke up from his bed at 11:30. And you know, he seen mom and daddy wasn't home and he got scared and went across town and saw that the neighbors wasn't home. They were church members. They went home, ran to another neighbor's house that was church member. They went home. He got afraid that the rapture done took place. Oh, maybe you're here today. What was to happen that the rapture would take place in the next 10 minutes? Where would some of you be right here this morning? I trust you'll be at the altar praying, God, quicken me. Quicken me with that spirit. But yet, here he was. And you know, he he was so afraid that the rapture done taking place and he missed it. He drove his truck to church and he ran off in a ditch and he messed his truck up, but that thing crippled its way into the church parking lot. He ran in, stumbled in, ran to the altar, gave his heart to the Lord, and the boy still serving God today. He's got a beautiful wife, a beautiful child, a beautiful family. What am I talking about? I'm talking about quickening power. I'm talking about not some doctrine, not some idea. I'm talking about the power of God to come down on a Wednesday night through a little girl's prayer. I want my brother safe. And if it could happen for a sister, for a brother, what about a mom for a son? What about a a a father for his daughter? What about a family? What about a husband? What about a wife? What about quickening power and even the like tabernacle [Applause] infallible evidences that the word is still the word. Notice Paul says demonstration of the spirit and of power. That word power here is dunamis. It's inherent power residing in the thing by the virtue of its nature. It's dynamics. It means power to perform miracles. But it also has another meaning and we don't ever really preach this aspect of this word here. But it means moral power. It means excellence of soul. What good is it to do the supernatural? What good is it to be able to do the miraculous if your soul's not right? If your soul hasn't been quickened. But it's moral power, moral excellence. See, it's more than just performing laying hands on the sick and watching them recover. But it's a power to overcome sin. It's a power to rise above pornography. It's a power to rise above worldly fashion and ideas. It's a power to where you don't control it, it controls you. And without this power, man can live so long with his human abilities and his human efforts, but eventually he's going to fall to his own devices or the devices of the enemy. But with this quickening power, living on the inside of a believer, he will live above the temptations of sin. He will live above the enticements of the world. Why is that? How is that? Because he's been he had died and now he's been made alive again. Galatians 2:20 says, "I am crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live yet not I, but Christ liveth in me." That's what it takes, church. Not some idea living inside of you. Not some some dogma living inside of you, some doctrine living inside of you, some self-help programmer. This is the laws of the message. But I'm talking about Jesus Christ, the word made flesh, the token life coming on the inside of a believer living inside of him. And he says, I've been crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live yet not I, but Christ liveth within me. And the life which I now live in the flesh, I live it by the faith of the son of God who loved me and gave himself for me. Notice what Paul says here in 1 Corinthians 2 and verse 5. He founded the church on power. On power, on God's power. Notice he says that your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men but in the power of God. See Paul was against intellectual ability. He warned the church in Acts 20 that wolves were going to come in among them. Acts 20 verse 28. Take heed therefore unto yourselves and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost had made you overseers to feed the church of God which he hath purchased with his own blood. For I know this after my departure shall grievous wolves enter in among you not sparing the flock. Also of your own selves shall men arise speaking perverse things to draw away disciples after themselves. So great men, teachers, wolves coming in, you know, they're not coming in to feed the sheep, brother John. They're coming in to fleece the flock. Let me get some money out of them. Because for some of them, it's just a meal ticket. Some of them hadn't been no more quicken. But you know what? Maybe they're a great ortor. Maybe they have a resounding resonating voice. I wish I did, but I don't. So you get to hear me squeak and squall and scream and shout and all that, and it's going to be fine. But some, man, they can stack it all together, man. They can tell you what page, what paragraph number. I don't care what page and paragraph number. I want to see a life. I'm not looking for your intellectual ability. Some of you can maybe you can quote the paragraphs and you can quote the quote just perfect and you can recite the entire book of Psalms. And hey, that's great. Pat yourself on the back, give yourself a gold medal. But that ain't going to get you to heaven. We're talking about quickening power. And I'm telling you church, there's a people that's been predestinated to quickening power. So he says here in Matthew 24:24, listen, for there should arise false Christs, false anointed ones, and false prophets, and they shall show great signs and wonders in so much that if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. Now, the question now arises in our minds, does God forsake his own and let them fall into a state of complete deception? This this is in the church age. It says on no account for the scripture says that see very clearly in Matthew 24 that the elect cannot be deceived. Come on elect of God. For there shall arise false Christ, false prophets and they shall show great signs and wonders in so much if it were possible they shall deceive the very elect. He says what then? The answer is clear before. There is a true church and a false church. There is a true vine and a false vine. And then in the Messiah, he says, "No, no. The elect ain't going to be deceived." No, no, they won't be. No. He says, "Church members will, but not the elected. They are chosen from the foundation of the world. They cannot be deceived. It's impossible." Hebrews 6, they will not be deceived. And the house of God says, "Amen. I am a quickened son and daughter of God. I can't be deceived. Though false teachers arise, those false prophets arise. Though great men come with their intellectual ability, we can see right through it. Why? Because we have been quickened. Quickened by the Holy Ghost and that seed on the inside has been germinated and comes to life. Ephesians 2 and verse one. And you hath he quickened. See, you need to put your name there. And you, Joe Adams, has he quickened. That's right. Tommy Richmond has he quickened. Amen. Tammy Richmond has he quickened. John Ler has he quickened. Caleb has he quickened. David has he quickened. Come on. I'll go around the church. You won't put your name there. I'll put it there for you. Carson has he quickened. Come on, church. Troy has he quickened. Oh, come on. We got to do better than that this morning. Sarah has he quickened. Jessica has he quickened. Lauren has he quickened. Weston has he quickened. Brad has he quickened. Daniel has he quickened. Paul has he quickened. Gideon has he quickened. Oh, hallelujah. I put your name there. I've been quickened by the word, by the anointing, by the Holy Ghost. And you have he quickened. You've been quickened by the power of God. Not some intellectual theology, but by the super anointing. Praise the Lord. You had thee quickened. Notice now who were dead in trespasses and sins. Lois, put your name there. Ah, come on, Devin. Put your name there. Man, you didn't think there was no hope for a minute. Oh, but God, can I say it again? But God, God put a seed, church. God planted a seed there before the foundation of the world. And God was, he's obligated to make sure that that predestinated seed is quickened. And you may go a long time. You may be covered up in sin. But God, you had to quicken this morning. He quickened you not with some intellectual theology, but quickened you by the word of God. Bible says where in times past you walked walked past tense. I want y'all to get this. This is past you. Matthew, this is past you. Josh, this is past you. You walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience. Notice whom also we had our conversation in times past in the lust of the flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind, and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others. Oh, but God. Come on, somebody help me preach this morning. But God, he ain't a poor God. He ain't a broke God. He ain't a depleted God. body. But God who is rich in mercy, who is rich in grace, who is rich in love, who is rich in joy, God this morning, but God this morning who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us even when we were dead in sins, tatted up, torn up, twisted up, tied up. But God, brother Brad, man, if you'd have known me before I got saved, none of y'all would want anything to do with me. You Now, why you got to say it so loud? Slow down, Caleb with your amens. But God, man, I had a fiery temper and a foul mouth, but God. [Applause] I thank God my wife didn't know me back then. She's like, "Ain't no way she can get through all those past, all that." But God, see, God can. God loved us when we were dead in sins and trespasses. He had quickened us, made us alive with Christ, for by grace you are saved. And he had raised us up together. Notice now, and made us sit in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. That heavenly place is the promise that is the believer's position in Christ. Oh, we may be sitting here this morning in Elton, Kentucky, even like tabernacle. Oh, but we are seated in heavenly places. Why? Because that soul has been quickened by the word. And some of you are frying in the heavenlies. And I'm trying to get some of you out of the chicken yard that you recognize that you are always an eagle. You wasn't some dog. You weren't some some pig turned into a sheep. You always was a sheep and you always will be a sheep. You always was a son of God and you always will be a son of God. You may have drifted. You may have pecked around. You may have got all bessed up and dirty. But God, God who is rich in mercy. God who is full of grace this morning. You always was a seat of God. And can I tell you this ain't done by church power. This ain't done by your favorite preacher's power. This ain't done by some intellectual power, but it's by quickening power. 1 Thessalonians 1 and verse 5. Can I keep going a little bit longer? Notice what Paul says. Paul's adamant. Paul's ministry, he never changed. He stayed with the word. He says, "For our gospel came not to you in word only." But it came in weakness. It came in intellectual ability. It became because great men could pull up the table lap and search a thought and just bring it all the way through with no revelation, no anointing to bring it to pass. Do you realize that your prophet that he would preach things prior to 63, prior to the opening of the seals that after the opening of the seals, his revelation and his understanding changed? Well, well, maybe after the seals open, he became a prophet. He always was a prophet, but God doesn't reveal everything to his prophets. Prophets grow in revelation just like you and I grow in revelation and understanding. So, you got to have grace for the ministry. We may preach it one way for so long and we not that we want to be wrong, not that we want to be an error, but maybe we don't see the full revelation. And but Paul here, Paul's revelation and his understanding was never on his own human ability. But he said, "My gospel or our gospel came to you not in word only but also in power dunamis. Power to perform miracles. Power to live a moral life. Power to live above sin. Power to live above drugs. Power to live above the world. Power. It came not with intellectual teaching. It came not with dead creeds of man. But it came in power. It came in anointing of the Holy Ghost. Paul set the church with the anointing and the power of God in it. Not some dead creed, not some dead dogma, but a super anointing for a super race, for a super church. See, the effect of the gospel is evident in the lives of the believer. Notice what the gospel does. It makes a drunkard sober. It makes a thief honest. Oh, come on now. It makes It makes the promiscuous pure. It makes the profane reverent. It makes the lazy oh my. It makes the lazy industrious and get off your lazy hide and get working. Find a jo o and I ain't talking about job in the Bible. I'm about find yourself a job and get busy. Make something of yourself. Quickening power. You ain't got your hand out waiting on mama and daddy and the government to feed you, but you wait. You're trusting God that you'll get out there and make something of yourself. It turns the harsh and unkind to gentle and kind. It takes the wretched and makes them happy. See, the gospel has been evident in every age because the effect of the gospel in every age continues to change the heart and the life of the believer in every age. 1 Corinthians 2 and verse4 we kind of to come back to this Paul's saying notice my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom but in demonstration of the spirit and of power that your faith should not stand in the wisdom of man but in the power of God. See there is a movement within the message community today that does not believe in displaying of this power. Now you may not be familiar with that but in other countries and other areas there is a movement they don't want this display of power. See we don't need the Holy Ghost. We don't need all that emotion. Brother Brad kind of preaching is not not accepted in a lot of message churches. See, they believe since brother Brandham came the seventh angel and Malachi 4 and you know and he opened up the sealed book and revealed all the mysteries and he tied all the loose together that now we have the revealed word and the church says amen. Amen. We had the restored word and since we have the revealed restored word we don't need all the emotion, brother Joe. That's just a bunch of nonsense. You just acting as who's a street Pentecostal. You just getting a little bit too excited. We don't believe in that. Well, if you hadn't been quickened, then the church turns cold. Oh, remember that time, Brother Brandham? He kind of met one one of his friends said, "Brother Brandom, I was really enjoying your service, but when they begin to scream and shout, it sent shivers all up my back." He said, "Wow." He goes, "I'll tell you, if you ever get to heaven, you're going to freeze to death." He said, "This is the quietest place you'll ever be. Cuz if you go to heaven, there's going to be shouts praising God. Hallelujah. And if you go to hell, there's going to be weeping and wailing and nashing of teeth." I'm just telling you, you need to decide right now where you plan on spending eternity. I said, "Quicken me, Lord, by the supernatural power of God. I want to shout praises while I can. I want to say hallelujah long as I got breath in my lungs." The Bible says, "Let everything that has breath praise the Lord." There's only one kind of believer that has a right not to praise God, and that's a dead one. But ain't none of you dead this morning. You've been made alive. You got breath in your lungs. You got a right to shout. You got a right to praise. You got a right say, "Glory to God. I've been quickened. I've been made alive. I've been transformed by the power of God. [Applause] Well, we got the revealed word. We no longer need all this excitement. And they in their ministries, notice, they don't preach the revealed word. They teach. Now, let me say this. We need anointed teaching because anointed teaching places us on the word of God. And we're going to get into some of this. My goodness. I got to I got a long ways to go. Here we go. Smokey hand abandoned. But notice the revealed word. Now they teach the reveal. That word revealed means to be made known. So if they're teaching, brother Tommy the revealed word. Then things got to happen in the church. If they're teaching it, then it's got to happen. But there's churches that don't want you to tell a testimony. Don't want you to say what anything's what God's doing. their fear that you're taking away from brother Brandham. The greatest discredit that we can do to this message is to say and keep our testimonies to oursel and not share them. The greatest discredit that we can do to God. Look, I've seen God move in my ministry. Joe Adams didn't have nothing to do with it. I'm a man like you. But God working through a vessel, answering a prayer of a people, quickening the heart. Notice, our faith should not stand in man's ability to articulate or orate man's ability to stack quotes and scriptures and recite sermons, pages, and paragraph numbers, but our faith is to stand in the dunamis power, the power to perform miracles, and to live an excellent moral life. That's what Paul is saying. I don't care how much you shout. I don't care how much you scream. I want you to live a life. I want you to live a life. If you can't muster up the first amen, just live a sermon. Live it. Manifest it. Show to this dying world that you have been changed by the gospel. Notice Paul being well trained. Brother Bam says this is in Hebrews. Paul being well trained, he knew the scriptures by the word. But you see scriptures, no matter how well you know them, if the spirit doesn't quicken them, then the letter killth. Notice, but the spirit giveth life. It must be quickened or made alive by the spirit. If the spirit doesn't live the word and make it a reality to you, then the letter is just intellectual. And he says, and that's where many confessed Christians today or professed Christian is that their intellectual conception of Christ. Well, I believe God sent a prophet when I believe the message and it's just intellectual conception. Gideon, we want more than just intellectual conception. I don't want intellect. I'm glad that you're intellectually can conceive it and it's there and you got a great mind and you can you can remember the scriptures and remember the quotes. But what use is it, brother Tommy, if the heart and the nature has not been yet quickened? Well, I go to Eden Light Tabernacle. And you live like a devil Monday through Friday, but on Sunday, man, I'm in church. I got perfect attendance. I hadn't missed a service in a long time. Well, big whoop. Give you a gold star. But what I'm trying to get that soul converted this morning predestinated brother Glenn to quickening power that you know that you know that you know that you know listen what brother Bram says. Satan doesn't care how religious you are. So everybody in here put your wings up. Sit on them. Stuff them down. Put on them wings. He doesn't care how religious you are, how right you are in your doctrine. If you miss that life, you won't come up anyhow. Young people, do you understand what he's saying there? If you miss that life, that quickening power. Well, I'm going to be Bible way camp or what's that new what's that camp's about to come up? BYC. I'm going to BYC in a couple weeks. I'm gonna get it there. Why wait till you go to BYC? How about we get it right here with me? I'm trying to rap and I'm not a rapper. But you understand what I'm saying? If you miss that life, oh, you can shout, you can nod, you can agree with the sermon, you can agree with the preacher, you can agree with the pastor, you can do all the the dos and the don'ts, but if your heart hadn't been changed and your life hadn't been quickened, you will not come up. Understand me. You can be ever so good, so clean, so moral, so right. Don't miss a service. Support the mom. Support dad. Don't give them any kind of trouble. But if you don't have that life, you're going to miss the rapture. I know this is very flat, but it's meant to be flat. Cuz I'm trying to spare you heartache. I'm talking about you got to know that you got to know that. You got to know that you got to know. You got to quit playing games with yourself. That don't only go for the young people. It goes for some of you moms and dads. You may have been going through the motions and going through the faz and going through the, you know, just what we do as believers. We come to church, we raise our family a certain way, but you know, the inside of your heart has never really been transformed by the quickening power. I'm talking about that to you today. No matter how religious you are, if you miss that life, you will not rise. And if I was you this morning and you knew that you didn't have it, there's no way I'd stay in my seat. There's no way I'd stay complacent. There's no way I'd stay right where I'm at. I'd be running to the altar. So God, quicken me while there's time. Quicken me while there's a power to be quickened with. Listen what he goes on to say. Notice he says now there's only one spirit. Notice that's not the spirit of man. It's not the spirit of the church. It's not the spirit of a movement, but it's the Holy Spirit, which is the spirit of Christ. And Paul would say, the gospel is not in word only. See, the word's just the dead letter. It's got to take the the quickening power. It's got to be quickened and made alive, brought to pass what the letter says it'll do. See, not just teach word, but preach, make it manifest. The word has to be made alive. It's a dead letter until it's made manifest. And then it's quickened and it's brought to pass. And God said about it, he says, "Notice, that's the gospel in action. If the devil can't keep you from seeing the truth, if he can't keep you from seeing the truth, he'll push you overboard with it. He'll make you a fanatic, doesn't mean you've been quickened, but he'll make you fanatical about it. Oh, you jump, shout, speak in tongues in every service. It ain't got one thing to do with God." See, if the devil can keep you from seeing the truth, he'll push you overboard with it. See, if you go off on some fanatic or some fantastic or either you he'll keep you from seeing it all together. And he says he talked about the Methodists. They had a shout. Pentecostal spoke with tongues. There was a group. They had the shakers. Men will walk up one aisle. They shake the ladies down another aisle and they shake. And none of them had the Holy Ghost. None of them had the quickening power. They just had a formalism, a fantastic. I'm not here to get all of you to jump and shout and act like Joe Adams or Brad Powell or Thomas Bow or Tim Puit or Donnie Reagan or Andrew Spencer or Timothy Prud, whoever you want to put there. It ain't about acting like some man. I'm talking about being quickened and acting like God. See, God lives in his word. Faith cometh by hearing, hearing by the word. And by faith are you saved and that's through grace. Not anything whether you shake or speak in tongues or whe whatever takes place that has nothing to do with it. Jesus said, "He that heareth my words and believeth on him that sent me, he hath eternal life. He that heareth my word and believeth has been quickened to him." Let me kind of go down here. And he said, "The devil, the enemy of your soul, he can't tread on those sacred grounds where you met Christ." So you ain't got to worry about it, Brother Troy. When you meet God on the back side of that desert and that heart and that life has been quickened, ain't no devil can come there and take it away. Can't erase it off. They can't say the days of miracles of the past. You done been there. You done been proven. You done had the experience. There's been a lot of times Joe Adams want to throw his hands up and walk away and quit. But you know what? It ain't Joe Adams holding on. It's he's holding on to Joe Adams. There's a lot of times, Tommy, you want to throw your hands up and quit. There's a lot of times as parents, you want to give up, but it ain't us. It's God holding on to that seed. Let me try to get to a certain There's a certain place I'm wanting to get to today. Here we go. This is in a message conflict between God and Satan. He says, "What is the word of God?" The word of God is God himself. If you have pen and paper, I want you to write this down. The word of God is God himself. So God gave the believer, listen what he says. God gave the believer himself. He didn't give you a Bible. He didn't give you a track. He didn't give you some dogma. He didn't give you some doctrine. God gave you himself. So, brother Joe, why did God give himself? He says, "Woo!" He says, "It's God himself." He gave the believer himself to attack the enemy by, in other words, he's the father and the word is God and the word is our father. We're born by the word and he's standing in front for his children. There you are. He's standing out there for his children. What are we scared about? The rapture is sure. The coming is sure. Every blessing that's been promised is ours. All belongs to us. He said notice he gave the people himself. That's what I'm talking about being quickened. Not quickened to an idea, not quickened to some intellectual conception, but quickened with that life. But you know how the devil comes? Well, you know what? There's no hope for you. You send away your day of grace. Am I talking to anybody this morning? You had done crossed the line, dummy. Look at you. Look what you have done. You're a disgrace to your family. You're disgrace to the church. You're a disgrace to the community. See, that's the devil talking to you. God don't tell you that. God ain't there once. Bible says there is therefore now no condemnation to them that walk what? Come on. Y'all know the scripture. Walk after the spirit and not after the flesh. There's no condemnation. But notice what the prophet says. Jesus once and for all. One time he was he who was perfected forever those that had come into fellowship with an eternal blessing, eternal fellowship with an eternal presence of God with what? The power of the Holy Ghost. Not in a symbol out yonder in some word or in some theology, but in the Holy Ghost in you. the power of God that raised Christ from the grave made alive in you and you're a new creature. He goes then you're a son and daughter of God. Oh brother, he said that's it. Take the blood of Jesus Christ stir. He said to take the power of the life that's in the blood. 2 Corinthians 5:17 says therefore if any man be in Christ he is a new creature. Old things have passed away and behold all things become new. And can I tell you this morning it's never too late to become a new creature. Amen. It's never too late to become a new creature. It's never too late to repent and be baptized in Jesus name so that you can be quickened and receive the indwelling of the Holy Spirit. It's never too late. You say, "Well, Brother Joe, you don't understand what I've done." Let me just share a quote with you. Brother Brandham in Mark of the Beast, he says, "I had a vision. I hope I have time to tell it to you what happened a few nights ago. I've seen glory." He goes, "I've seen glory and I seen people. I seen a woman run up and put her arms around me up there and I seen a little, you know, and it been a little uh rough on he goes I've been a little rough on women anyhow and I seen this woman most beautiful thing I've ever seen and she called me her darling brother and I said why does she do that and he said she was past 90 when you led her to the Lord. She was past 90. What am I telling you? There's hope for you today. Amen. I don't see a 90year-old in here today. I don't see a 90year-old in here today. Well, I've sinned away my day of grace. I've gone too far. She was past 90 years old before the quickening power quickened her soul. Let me go a little further. Let me let me say it like this. He says, "Notice. Howdy, sir. There's something strange about you, sir. Satan has desired to take your life. You're all tore up. Now, if you're a woman, a sister, you can put your name here. You can say, "Ma'am, you think you send away your day of grace. You think your life is ruined. Do you love Jesus?" I'm asking, do you love Jesus? What makes you love him? Before there could be anything in there to make you love him, there has to be a creator to create the love in your heart. Man, come on, church. Before you could even desire to love God, God put that desire there. And if you got the slightest the slightest inkling of a desire to serve God, God put that there. God put that there. I'm going somewhere with this. God put that there. Listen, let me finish this quote. But before there could be anything there to make you love him, there has to be a creator to create the love in your heart. Is that right? If you send away your day of grace, you would hate Jesus. If you have sinned away your day of grace, you would hate Jesus. But you love him and you're all right. The devil's just lying to you. you're nervous, come here and I'll cast them away from you if you'll believe. Now, let me show you a scripture where one has sinned away their day of grace or a quote. Brother Bam's talking about this young lady. He was in a meeting and he approached her and he said, "God's giving you your last call." And she, "Mr. Brandon, if I wanted somebody to tell me about my last call," and she got all indifferent and you know, cuz she was a a preacher's daughter or deacon's daughter. She said, "Wait a minute. I'm going to leave." He goes, "I'm I'm going up here." She said, "You remember the night, preacher, you told me God was giving me my last call." She said, "It's the truth." She said, goes, "And you had the privilege to tell anyone you want to." She said, "But I'm lost forever." She said, "My heart has become so black." And he goes, "Here's her remark." She said, "I could see my mother's soul fry like like fry in hell like a pancake and laugh at it." See, that's the danger of rejecting Christ. You get so hard and so callous, you don't want nothing about it. But if God put a desire there, if God put a seed there, I don't care how much it's been covered up with shame, with hurt, with failures, with indifferences, with embarrassments, it's never too late to become a new creature. And if if I'm talking to you this morning and if there's any inkling of a love in that heart to serve God, God put it there. Cuz otherwise you would hate Jesus and you'd be just like this other girl in this quote, you could see your mom's soul fry in hell and laugh at it. But the Bible says in John 1 and verse 12, "But as many as received him, to them gave he the power to become sons of God, even to them that believed on his name, which were born not of blood, nor the will of flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God." So notice, God placed a desire in the heart of the believer to receive this word. I want the musicians to come. And if that's you this morning, you're predestinated to quickening power. You may have looked at your life and you may see all your failures. You may have woke up this morning and looked in the mirror and said, "Man, I have not amounted to anything but heartache, misery, poor little old me." But if there's an inkling of a desire, you still love God. You don't know how. You don't know why. You can't understand it. And you can't explain it. I'm not asking you to explain. I'm asking you to receive. Predestinated to quickening power. every seed, every son, every daughter, no matter what age. Brother Glenn, no matter what we go through or what we've gone through, there's a predestinated moment when that life is forever changed. Some of us, thankfully, it's at a young age. Others, Brother Glenn, I think it was a little bit longer for some of us. Some of us it may be past 90 before that seed ever gets quickened. But I'm telling you, there's a seed there. How do you know, Brother Joe, there's a seed there? Because there's a desire there. There's a desire for God. Oh, it may be pushed way down and you know, and but you know, and it just kind of hovers way real low, but you're here this morning. [Music] Do you hear me? You're here this morning. Something brought you to the house of God. Something brought you in his presence this morning. Something brought you here to hear the service. Pre I'm telling you, you're predestinated to quickening power. Quit listening to the lie of the enemy telling you you've gone too far. You, you know, you're never going to make it. You've done too much. Your family's in ruins. Your house is in ruins. Your marriage is lost. And quit listening to that. And how about you listen to the word this morning? How about you listen to a man of God who's preaching to you about quickening power? A power that can take all the unbelief aside. A power that can write every wrong. Oh, it doesn't do away with your past, but it puts it somewhere. It puts it somewhere. And he sticks a sign up and says, "No fishing allowed." Bible says he'll put your sins in the sea of his forgetfulness. You know that God doesn't even remember your sins when they're confessed in the blood. Doesn't even remember. You bring it up, Satan brings it up, maybe somebody else brings it up, but God doesn't even know what we're talking about. That's a quickening power this morning. Quickening power of the word to take a hopeless case and make a trophy out of it. take a lost cause and make it his main purpose. God's purpose. He has a three-fold purpose. He was going to come in this hour and manifest himself in Christ to have preeminence in a body and to restore that body back to an Eden. And that's what's he doing. It takes quickening power. Now, I'm going to ask you this morning. I want every head bowed. I want every eye closed. I've come a lot of times and I preach very evangelistic faithbuilding messages. But today is kind of turning a little bit different and some of you were on my heart very heavily this morning. Yesterday as I was studying, making preparation this week and I'm going to ask you, if that's [Music] you, if at you this morning, Satan said, "You've gone too far. You've done too much. But if there's a little desire, I'm going to ask you to get out of your seat and just come up to the altar. If there's one here this morning with the inkling of a desire, every head bowed, every eye closed, I'm going to give you an opportunity. Don't be ashamed. [Music] Maybe you're a young person and you're ready to make that full step, that full uh surrender to him this morning. The altar is open. That you know that you know that you know that you know. Remember church, no matter how religious you are, no matter how good you are, if you're here this morning and there's a question in your mind whether you had the baptism of the Holy Ghost tonight or today, the altar is open. I urge you. I encourage you. You don't have to be there and and doubt it, question it, wonder. The altar's open. He can give you that assurance this morning. That I've been quickened. My life has been transformed. Father, we just bow our heads to you this evening, Lord. Thank you for the opportunity you give us to come in your presence, to have church, Lord, to speak of the things of God. And yet, Lord, it may gone a little bit different than maybe what's expected. But I believe, Father, that there's those that are here this morning. Satan has told them they've gone too far. And Satan's has told them that there's no hope. They might as well quit, give up, walk away. But Lord, you a prophet would tell us if there is even a a love for him, then you the creator created that love and that heart for him. And I'm asking, Lord, you'd quicken that heart today. Lord, you'd quicken that life, young or old, Father, maybe there's a young person here or middleage here, Lord, this morning that maybe they've been wrestling with the idea whether they have the Holy Ghost or not. Lord, I believe we can understand and we can have the assurance, Lord, in this hour, Lord, that our lives have been transformed. We don't have to question. We don't have to wonder. We don't have to probe. We don't have to hope. We don't have to beg, Lord. We can have that assurance because our nature's been changed. Our desires have been changed. So I'm asking father today that you would just come in this service at the closing of it right now and lord anoint the word and anoint the heart quicken it to our our lives today father and may you just transform us lord make us a new creature this morning father may all the old things that we used to do the desires that we used to have lord may we be transformed and be made new this morning by the word of god May you put that seal, Lord God, on our lives, like that train car your prophet speaks about. That seal is there. No one can break that seal until it arrives at its destination. And I'm just asking, Father, today that the seal of the Holy Spirit, the abstract title, deed, Lord, to go to every heart, every life, every home, every boy, every girl, every man, every woman this morning, Lord, they'll know that they know there's not a devil, there's not a sickness, there's not a trial too great, but what the goods are going to arrive at its destination. So, we're so thankful today, Father. May you bless your people now in Jesus' name. Amen. [Music] Just stand if we [Music] would God Almighty. [Music] Mighty prince of peace trles manage. [Music] Hearts are men in the praise of the king. Sing it once again. Oh, in the presence of Jehovah, God Almighty, my prince of peace. [Music] Trles vanish, hearts are men in the praise of the king. Oh, in the [Music] presence, God Almighty, Prince of Peace, trles vain, Manage hearts are mened in the praise of the King. Amen. Has it been good to be in the house of the Lord? We just thank brother Joe for pouring out his heart. And you know, I was thinking as he was preaching there, you know, the prophet tells us that because we definitely have heard a call go out today. And maybe there's somebody here that something was tugging at your heart, but you just couldn't make that step. And we don't say this and to put fear or or to to make you worry or fret, but the prophet taught us and told us that God's obligated to make that call once. And if God has tugged at your heart today and maybe you just maybe you just need some to think about it, don't let that word just lay idle, but start start praying because there's something there's a reason that the word went out the way it did today. You know, there's going to come a time that he's rounding up the final ones. I I truly believe that if if that when that last one is called and that last that quickening takes place, there's going to be a quickening of the bride of Jesus Christ. We're just waiting for that last one. Hey, we're not here to hurt you. We're not here to to put fear on you. We're pulling for you. We're pulling for you. And God, as he puts out the word, be receptive to the word. Be tender to it. What you got, Sister Becky? Lead in me a clean [Music] heart, oh [Music] God, and renew the right spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart. Oh God, is that your desire this morning? And renew the right spirit within me. [Music] Cast me not away from thy presence, O Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renew the right spirit within me. Create in me, oh create in me a clean heart, oh God and renew the right spirit within me. [Music] Create in me a clean heart, oh [Music] God, and renew the right spirit within me. Oh, and cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from [Music] me. Restore unto me the joy of thy [Applause] salvation and renew aerite spirit within me. I claim the blood Jesus shed on [Music] Calary. Those preious blood stains were made there just for [Music] me for all my sins. my sickness and my pain. When I need healing, I claim those precious blood stains. And I have a source of strength when I am weak. That takes me through. in life is pressing me. And I have a source of power from above. And I'm covered over by your shield of love. And I claim the blood Jesus shed on [Music] Calary. Those precious blood stains were made there just for me. [Applause] for all my sin, my sickness, and my pain. When I need healing, I claim those precious blood stains. And I do not know how others make it through. [Music] who never go to Calary as I do. For there's a heat link cleansing stream which flows with peace that only his redeemed can know. So I claim the blood Jesus shed on [Music] Calary. Those precious blood stains were made there just for me. for all my sins, my sickness, and my pain. When I need healing, I claim those precious blood stains. I mean, he came to me. He came to me. He came to me. He came to me. When I could not come to where he was, he came to me. [Music] That's why he died on Calary. When I could not come to where he was, he came to me. No, he came to me. Oh, he came to me when I could not come to where he was. He came to me. [Music] That's why he died on Calary when I could not come to where he was. He came to me. One more time. Oh, he came to me. Just thank him this morning. Oh, he came to [Music] me when I could not come to where he was. He came to me. That's why he died. Thank you, Lord. on Calary. When I could not come to where he was, he came to [Music] me. Amen. Amen. Pleasing. Pleasing. [Music] pleasing Lord. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. pray. Let everything I pursue be pleasing no more unto you. [Music] Oh, I'm singing pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be [Applause] pleasing to you. [Music] Pray. Let everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto [Music] you. Amen. Has it been good to be here this morning? Amen. and we're going to dismiss it this time. But if you feel free to linger and you feel to linger, just feel free and stay in this atmosphere. Amen. If you need a touch from the Lord, he's here. Amen. Amen. And as we go this morning, listen. In the morning when I rise, give me Jesus. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise.
