################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-19 - Pastor Thomas Byler • 6/18/25 • Wed • Testimonial Meeting - Thomas Byler - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-19
Title:   Pastor Thomas Byler • 6/18/25 • Wed • Testimonial Meeting
Speaker: Thomas Byler
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHbUUYJYEPM
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Okay. [Music] [Music] Down. Come on. [Music] Do you do it? [Music] My hope is in Jesus. Let's stand tonight. Thank God my yesterday's gone and all my sins are forgiven and I've been washed by the blood. Are you thankful for that tonight? Let's sing it again. And all my hope is in Jesus. Oh, thank God. My yesterday's gone. and all my sins forgiven. Oh, I've been washed by the blood. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? Oh, thanks for that special night. Oh, when I saw this glorious life, came face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I thank you once again if we could tonight. Oh, and I just want to thank you, Lord, letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? Oh, thanks for that special night when I saw this glorious life. Came face to face with eternal life. I thank you. Amen. We've got a lot to thank him for, don't we? Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise tonight for his goodness and mercy. Amen. Amen. Brother Brad, you want to open the service tonight in prayer. I bless you. Just bow our hearts before him. Heavenly Father, we come before you on this Wednesday night, Lord. And we want to set aside the thoughts of the week, our tiredness, and our weariness from the week, Father. And we just want to set aside the time just to come and worship you and to praise you and to lift your name up on high and to just to hear what you would have in store for us tonight, Lord. And you know, we're a needy people, Lord. And it's our heart's desire just to have more of you and more revelation of the word as the prophet taught us revelation is such a great thing, Father. So Lord, we just ask that you would just come in our presence and in our midst. We invite you and we know you go where you're invited and where you're welcome, Lord. And we just want you to know you're welcome tonight, Lord. come in our presence and speak to our hearts, move in our myths, Lord, the needs that be brought before you. We just ask that you would just cruise through the building tonight and meet each and every need that's brought before you, Lord. Be with our pastor tonight as he brings the word. Anoint his lips, Lord. Anoint his thoughts that you've laid on his heart, Lord, that he would be able to have freedom and liberty to just to bring forth what you would have for us tonight, Lord. Because we know before we even knew what we needed, you knew what we needed. Amen. And Lord, we just give you honor, praise, and glory and ask that you would have preeminence in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Don't you love him with all your heart tonight? And my such an opportunity to come and be in the presence of the Lord and Amen. Let's sing that old song if we could tonight. And Amen. What a fellowship. What a joy divine leaning on the everlasting arms. And you just have to pray for me tonight. Brother Josh, he couldn't make it back tonight, so he asked me to uh as brother Brandham says, pinch hit for him. So, we'll do our best. And we can't be brother Josh, but we'll do our best. Amen. Well, what a fellowship. And what a joy divine leaning on the everlasting [Music] arms. What a blessedness and what a peace is mine. Leaning on the everlasting arm. Oh yes, I'm leaning. Yes, I'm leaning. Oh, I'm safe and secure from all along. Leading. Yes, I'm leaning on the everlasting arms. And oh, how sweet to walk in this pilgrim way, leaning on the everlasting arms. Oh, how bright the path grows from day to day. Leaning on the everlasting arm. Oh yes, I'm cleaning. Yes, I'm leaning. Oh, I'm saving along leading. Yes, I'm leaning. Oh, I'm leaning on the everlasting arms. Now what have I to dread life to fear? Sing on the everlasting arms. Blessed beast with my Lord so near. Leaning on the everlasting arm. Oh yes, I'm leaning. Yes, I'm leaning from all along. Oh yes, I'm leaning. Yes, I'm leaning. Oh, I'm leaning on the everlasting arms. Sing that last verse. What have I to dread and what have I to fear? Leaning on the everlasting arm. Will I have blessed peace with my Lord? Leaning on the everlasting arm. Oh yes, I'm leaning [Music] from all along. Oh yes, I'm leaning [Music] leading. Yes, I'm leaning on the everlasting arm. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated tonight. And we just welcome each and everyone that's out to the house of the Lord tonight. And and uh we just want to say God bless you tonight. And those that can't be here. And there's several that streaming tonight. And God bless you, Sister Parish. I know she's here and scanning scanning streaming tonight. and just pray that the Lord will just continue to te touch her body and and uh make her aware she can come and be in the house of the Lord. And also my wife is streaming. She's uh her hips bothering her quite a bit and just pray that the Lord will touch her body tonight. And also I talked to brother Jonathan Hkins and he said to greet each and everyone at the church and he told me that uh he said we've just really had a desire to be there and he said but I've I'm so booked up and he's been gone preaching a lot. He said I may just have to sneak down some Wednesday night. So I said well you just come on down. So we'll be glad to see you. and and uh I called I always give him an update and I told him about sister Donna's testimony and Janet's and the different ones and Sister Parish and he got excited and he said he said you know he said the devil really had the church under attack. I said, "Yeah, but we done beat him up real good and we ain't we ain't done yet whooping up on him yet. So, we're just believing the Lord's going to give each and everyone a complete healing. And uh we're just we just know our God's a healer tonight. Amen. This song come on my heart tonight. Higher ground. This is what I desire. And Amen. is you know, we can desire a lot of things, but I want to grow closer to the Lord. There's one thing I need. It's more of God. I don't need more money, more cars, or more time off, but I need more God. I need him so much more in my life. Amen. Well, I'm pressing on the upward way. New heights. I'm gaying every day. Still praying as I'm onward bound. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on him. unstable land to a higher place than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. My heart has no desire to stay. Where doubts arise and fears dismay, though some may dwell where these abound. Life is higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand my faith on it. Punch table land to a higher plane than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on high your ground. And I want to scale the utmost high and catch a glee, a glory bright. But still I'll pray, till heaven I found. Lord, plant my feet your ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on hand. this table land to a higher place than I have found. My feet on higher ground once again. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on him. unstable land to a higher plane than I have found. Lord, plant my feet all night. Your ground. Amen. Brother Daniel and brother Michael John and brother Glenn, would you help him tonight? And Amen. And we have a few prayer requests. And like I said, we want to continue to remember Sister Parish and Sister Peggy tonight. And also Sister Sherry and Sister Janette that God will continue to heal them. And also members my wife in prayer and also you feeling some better, sister Hannah. I see she's here with us tonight. Want to continue to remember her and pray that the Lord will give her complete healing tonight. If you have need on your heart, you might let be known by the uplifted hand tonight. And amen. And brother John Hersburgger, would you stand and pray over these needs and and the offering tonight? Brother John. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that song. We haven't sang it in a while. I have decided to follow Jesus. It's on page 477. Amen. I have decided to follow Jesus. Or I have decided [Applause] to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning. Let's stand tonight if we could. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. No turning back. turning back. We'll take this whole world. Just give me Jesus. Oh, take this whole world. But give me Jesus. Oh, take this whole world, but give me Jesus. I won't turn back. I won't turn back. And I have started for the kingom. Oh, I have started for the kingom. Oh, I have started for the kingom. And I won't turn back. back. I won't turn back. No, none go with me. Soon will I follow. Though none go with me, still will I follow. Though none go with me, still will follow. No turning back. No turning back. I have decided. Well, I have decided. Oh yes. To follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. [Music] No turning back. Amen. Is that your desire tonight? Amen. Amen. We're going to sing that little chorus. The move is on as we ask brother Thomas to come tonight. And Amen. How many's looking forward to the word tonight? And amen to what God has for us. Amen. The move is on, my Lord. The move is on. The movie is on my lord. The movie is on. The Russell in the moberry tree and I know I know I know the movie is on. So move on, brother. Well, move on, sister. This is the moving day. [Music] Little closer. [Applause] [Music] Move on. The move is on, my lord. Move is on. Who is our light? Who is all [Music] the soul in the movie and I know I know I know that the moon is on. Amen. Praise the Lord tonight. It's good to be in the house. Amen. And we just greet everybody in the name of the Lord. Amen. Let's just read a scripture this evening. Amen. And then I'll let you be seated and we're going to have a little mixture of a and I don't know, we'll just have a testimony meeting tonight again. Uh and if I have time, I'll preach. How's that sound? Amen. So, we're just going uh Amen. with this leading in the spirit tonight. Amen. Just however the Holy Spirit wants to go. Amen. It's always I think testimonies testimony meeting is always good in the fact that, you know, there's just times that we need to give back to God and thank him for what he's done. Amen. And for what he's doing in our lives and and we really really appreciate the move of God. I I truly believe Amen. I've thought this afternoon as I was studying, praying, and searching my own heart, realizing and and something just said in my heart that God is moving in my heart. Amen. God is doing something. Amen. I like to recognize when God's doing something. Don't you? Amen. Because God is always always working on us and always bu working with us. Amen. So, God bless you. If you will turn your Bibles to the book of Colossians. Amen. The book of Colossians, chapter 1, verse 9. For this cause we also since the day that we heard it do not cease to pray for you and to desire that you might be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding that you might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing bring fruit being fruitful in every good work increasing in the knowledge of God strengthened with all might according to his glorious power unto all patience and longsuffering and joyfulness giving thanks unto the Father which hath made us meat to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light who hath delivered us from the power of darkness and has translated us into it translated us into the kingdom of his dear son. May God ask blessings to reading your word. You can be seated. Amen. I want to start the testimony meeting out. Amen. With uh Amen. a special testimony. Amen. And so, um, have you got a microphone that I can put this on? Amen. And so, I got to call the person. Amen. We're going to have a a phone call testimony. Is that all right? We're calling Sister Parish. Hi, Sister Parish. Uhhuh. All right. You're We've got you in front of everybody now talking to So, tell us your testimony, would you? Okay. I will try to. We may get cut off because it is really, really storming here. Thunder and the lightning really, really bad. But first off, I just want to praise God for what he's done for me. For all my brothers and sisters at the church, you know, I couldn't have made it without my God and my church family. The prayers has brought me through so much. You wouldn't really believe what God has done for me except right. I have told you. Yeah. Um, it's been over about 40 years since I had taken medication. Uh, maybe a little longer than that, been to the hospital, doctors, or anything. I always tried to believe. But this was one mountain that I couldn't climb. I couldn't make it by myself. I had to have help from God and from my church family. Yes. And I thank God for it because, you know, I might not be here today if it wasn't for that. Yeah, I had to face a 4hour surgery. I scared to death to note I'd been put out that long and a twohour recovery had do so much for me to try to get rid of the cancer. But you know what? Praise God. They didn't know my God was in there with them when working on me. Yeah. Amen. Praise God. that because they had so much for take so much out. They said, "We dug around and dug around trying to get it all." And they took a big growth out about the size of a baseball, my intestine, my colon, uh, let's see, some lymph nodes, st on my ovaries. I don't know what all but thank God back in I think it was May they run test again. I didn't have no cancer, no new light up, no old light up. And I praise God for that, you know. That's right. That's right. Other way around. But thank Jesus, he seen fit to keep his hand up on me and pull me through all this one more time. And I have been so sick. And the prayers of y'all has helped bring me through this. They have no ID, the sickness. And I just think about Sister Beller so much. I'm so thankful to God she didn't have to go through as much as some people has to do. I'm so thankful for that that she's doing as good as she is. And God is a healer. And I know that's what has brought me through all this. I couldn't eat. I got to where I just was about 100 pound or less. I look like a skeleton now with skin pulled over me. God gone. I just got to eating over the weekend. My food's getting to taste a little bit better. I've been eating like a little pig and it just really felt so good. I said, "Well, somebody ate like I was starved." You know, brother Ber, I was starved because I hadn't been able to eat for about nine months. And the food is good. I mean, it had to be God and y'all's prayers has brought through this. And I thank God for that. There's so much more I could tell that I have went through and got through. But God knows, and y'all know most of it, too. I just praise God for it. Hallelujah. He's so merciful to me. He has blessed me abundantly. I want to give him praise for it. Hallelujah. And y'all keep me in your prayers and that I'll continue to grow in him, that I'll do God's will and stay in his will. That's my desire. I I owe him everything. I will my whole life. Amen. That's good. Thank you, Sister P. Everybody's praying for you. All right. Okay. Bless y'all and y'all have a good meeting. My mom got I'm tuned in to you. All right. God bless you now. Love y'all. God bless you all. All right. Byebye. All right. Well, that's a good way to start it, isn't it? Amen. Amen. Walls. Thank you, Jesus. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. God is so good. Amen. I can't I I'll be honest with you. I can't imagine, you know, what she's went through. Amen. That starving to death and having taken that chemo and how sick she was and and hanging in there, just keeping the faith, you know, it' have probably been a lot easier just to go or give up, but she didn't. And she've had the faith and we believe with her, prayed with her. So, we're just so thankful to God that she's still here with us. And hopefully one of these days when she comes walking in here, Amen, we'll rejoice and stomp on the devil a little more. Ain't that right? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. All right. Who's who who else is going to Tommy? You going to give a testimony to warm it up or what? No. All right, brother Devin. All right. He can come up here if he wants to. All right. God bless you, man. Y'all look tired. make you all do some jumping jacks quick. Um, I'm going to read uh Revelations 12 11 to get started. Um, and that says, "And they overcame him by the blood of the lamb and by the word of their testimony, and they love not their lives unto the death." Um, I just want to say this. Uh, every one of y'all have a story. every one of you guys have have witnessed the the blood of Jesus covering you. So, you have a story and it matters. And so, um I just say that as an encouragement. Uh she's she's uh she hates getting in front of people. So, um but it's okay. Uh with God's help, we're going to get through it. Um, I guess I'm going to I'll start out by saying in my test in our testimony when we talk about if we talk about family or something like that, we don't mean anything by that. It's just part of our testimony. It's part of what God um it's part of what God brought us through. So, um, and also Tommy's a big part of it. So, I just want to bless you, Tommy, in that uh we met, me and Tommy met in Florida on a prison crusade. Um, and so we would get together once a year in Florida. There was six men's prisons, one women's prison, and me and her would go into the prisons for about a week or half a week and witness to the inmates. Um, and so that's where I would have met Tommy. That's kind of where this journey all started. And uh we're pretty new in this journey. Uh we've only been here for about a month, a little over a month. Um and so it's crazy what the Lord has done in the past year and a half, two years. And we just want to give give him the glory for it. Um it's not it's not our testimony, it's God's testimony. So So tonight, we just want to we just want to lift up the name of the Lord uh in our testimony. And so, um, like I said, I met Tommy down there in Florida and we, uh, we're going through this whole week of of, uh, of going into prisons and everything. And we get together at uh, at the main hub there. There was about 150 volunteers and we get together and have worship nights and stuff like that. And I seen him across the way. And I never I never even thought about talking to him. You don't even get close to talking to everybody. and and uh we're going through and we're going through the week and Saturday came around. We're getting ready to go into prison and uh all of a sudden our group leader is like, "Hey, we got another group coming with us because their prison on the last day I think Tommy was cutting out Sunday morning." And so uh he it was the last day that he was going to be there. And so we uh we're we're like, "All right, so this group's coming in with us." And uh we get we get into uh get into the prison and we're going around in max lockdown everything. Never talked to him. And finally around noon we'd have a worship team would come in and an evangelist and we'd have a chapel service and uh and brother Tommy was there and uh uh Tommy will say it. He said that the Lord told him that his story is his message. And that goes for every one of us. Our story is our message. And so, uh, we're just doing our chapel service and the worship, we're in there just doing our thing. We're and the worship team is singing. Uh, they start singing, "I speak Jesus." And I'm never going to forget it because I got the prickleys real bad cuz Tommy stands up in his seat right down here in the front and he starts yelling Jesus. And I mean, I got the prickleys. I'm like, "What is going on?" And uh, the inmates are thinking the same thing. I mean, they're standing up. They're head headed to the altar. I'm like, I ain't never heard I ain't never seen this before. So, I'm like, I got to talk to this dude afterward. And so, we were waiting after the inmates got out and going back to their cells. We're waiting. I'm like, I'm talking with Tommy. I'm like, Tommy says, the first thing I ever told him was, uh, you can raise hands in your church, can't you? So, praise the Lord. But he said, yes, sir. Yes, sir. And, uh, from there, he started sharing his story. And uh we were I would say me me and her both we were really searching at that time, searching for something more. Um in past prison crusades, we would come come home all fired up for the Lord and and we'd go home and I I'll never forget it, but there was a brother in the church up there and he said, "Oh, just give it a little bit. You'll come off the high. You'll come off the spiritual high." And I I thought to myself, I'm like, man, you guys don't even I mean, I can't even get none of you guys to even to go on these things. And I'm out here trying to do what the Lord's called us to do. The Lord called us to go into to prisons and witness and and compel them to come. And so, that's what the Lord called us to. And so, from there, I was like, man, there's got to be something more to the Christian life, something that's powerful. We read in Acts and we read through the through the New Testament and Jesus all the way through it and there's nothing but power and demonstration of the spirits. And so we're like there's got to be something more. And so uh Tommy started uh I he he we exchanged numbers and I'm like nah there ain't no way. This is just going to be like everything else. We're going to exchange numbers. I'm never going to talk to the dude in my life. And uh well that was I guess that wasn't the way that it was cuz uh he started texting me and uh I'm going to be I'm going to be open cuz there was a time that I got annoyed because this dude kept texting me. He wouldn't let me alone. He start he started texting me all day every day late in the night and I'm like what is this? What is going on? She's like what what is this? And uh and he kept saying he kept saying, "Uh, dude, you got to come visit. You got to come visit. You got to come see church." And uh and so we're like, "All right, well." So we came the first time and uh we sat down right here in the second pew. And uh this service was all good and cool and everything. We're like, "This is awesome." And then Brother Ber got up to preach and I'll never forget what he preached that day either. He started talking about stagnant waters in the church. And it was exactly what we were dealing with back home. And so we were like, "Whoa, this is awesome." You know, the Lord's just being in it, working in it, and our conversations. And and uh so it was amazing. And so that got us thinking and uh was thinking about it. Tommy started laying on uh baptism part uh in Acts 2:38. And uh uh I think brother Ron said it, you don't really need a I might be paraphrasing here, but you don't need a conviction to to to know what to do with that verse. So I'm like, well, the Bible says we need to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. So we came second time we came, we were uh we got rebaptized in the name of Jesus. So uh praise the Lord for that. And uh um so we uh we started we started coming and we started uh just uh just streaming and I started uh you know subscribing to different channels from and YouTube and and uh man it was just it was just good. I mean I mean we couldn't I mean it was just like the simplicity of it and we were just it was just we were feeding on it and like Tommy said it's a it's stakes. It ain't on milk no more it's stakes. Uh and so from there on we just kind of kept it kept multiplying and uh we got rebaptized and then uh this was we didn't tell our family. We didn't tell anybody about this at all. And so, uh, we somehow I was like, we're just going to stay quiet about it because obviously we would have we would have came out of the Menanite culture. And, uh, so the fabric hair covering is a big thing for the in the Menanites. And, uh, we believe that the hair was given to her for a covering. And so, we're not going to get into all that, but my family and church friends and stuff would have been strongly against that. um you're basic I mean it's salvation based so that hinders your eternity to them and so we uh I said we're just going to be quiet about it for a while and uh the Lord said nope he said no no uh the Lord just took over conversations with family and just uh just got to that point right away and so you I was like Well, here we go. His word says what it says, so we're just going to go with it. And uh my family obviously really strongly disagreed with that. And hence they started praying over me. And and uh they wanted to, you know, this is fine, you know. I mean, I don't I don't care. I need I need prayers, too. And uh and a couple days later, they asked us to come over because they wanted to further discuss it. And so we went over and it was fine. We I mean we had a good discussion and and uh then it got to a point where you know we were just going in circles and so I just I was like well we're not getting anywhere here. So, let's go let's go to scripture to uh I I think it's Mark where it says where Jesus commissioned us to go out and to pray over the sick in the name of Jesus they will recover. Cast out demons in my name. Um if any if you drink any deadly poison, it won't harm you. And so I said, "What about this?" It says, "Those that believe, this is what's going to follow them. This is going to be attributes of them. This is demonstrating the power of the Holy Ghost. All right. So then, uh, they said, "Well, we did. We did cast out a demon just a while ago." I was like, "Okay, sweet. Let's hear about it." And they said, "Well, uh, we uh we we prayed over you the other day, but obviously it didn't work. I told Tommy that, and Tommy says, "No, you can't cast out the Holy Ghost. So that was that uh that that really played mentally with me just not just seeing hearing that from family, people you love and people you thought would wouldn't ever do that. But um it's okay because the Lord was in it. God works everything uh out for good. So um life continued and uh we're going to just kind of me and her going to trade off here. So, I'm going to let her speak here in a little bit, but uh this was coming down to the fall of last year, I believe it was. And Tommy said, Tommy and said, "Hey, you should come to Louisiana special meetings." And I'm like, "Dude, I'm tiptop in Missouri. This is a drive." And uh I was like, "Well, whatever. We're young. What do we got to lose?" I text her. I said, "Hey, you want to go to Louisiana?" She said, "Sure." So, we uh we packed up at like I look like we left at 3:00 or 4 in the morning on Friday morning to go to Louisiana. It was 16 hours one way and we had to we we beat foot all the way down there and got to our room. And I mean, we threw our luggage in the room and back out the door again to go to the special meetings. And uh at this point, I haven't we hadn't really had any experiences uh with the Lord really. I mean, not supernatural anyway. And so we uh we're there for the Friday night special meetings and uh we're sitting we're sitting back pretty far probably center I guess and uh I think it was brother Michael Ray preaching that service and uh he had a very powerful service and we're we're sitting there and uh he got done done preaching and and brother Timothy Purr got up and started speaking a little bit and the atmosphere in that building changed. I've never been in an I had never been in an atmosphere like it. And it was like the winds of Pentecost. I mean it rippled from the front of the church all the way to the back. And I mean you it hit you in the chest so hard. It was like what what is this? And it got so I mean it got so intense. And we're sitting there and I never heard it. And there's a lady right over here right next to us. She starts speaking in tongues. And I'm like what? I've never I mean I'm Menanite boy. I just come out of the Menanite church. This is this is blows my mind. And so uh but that was that was the first time that I ever been in a presence like that. And that was a very standing factor. The rock that it was a rock of foundation that we stood on for a long time after that because of that experience. And when people would, you know, try to say, "Hey, you need to watch what you're doing. and you watch, you know, and uh it start get you'd start thinking about that a little bit like maybe uh and then you go back and you'd relive that moment in Louisiana said no this right here we go back to here where we had this experience and so that was that was where we stood a lot of and so uh and then the next night was uh insane and that's part of her story. So, we're going to just kind of switch back and forth here and then hopefully everything makes sense. Okay. So, as you all know, I'm not very um natural at public speaking, but so if I can do it, anybody else can do it. But I just decided that what God has done for me is worth putting myself out there. Um it don't matter what people think. Um what matters is what God has done for me. And um I just want to testify of the heart of God of who he is and what he's done in my life because it's just incredible. So as Devin was saying um the Louisiana revival meetings. So Friday night was incredible and I was pretty shell shocked too because we were never in something like that. And um we didn't even know the message existed until we met Tommy. So a little over a year ago, we didn't even know anything like this was out there. And like Devin said, we just knew there was something else, something more to the Christian life. And we were looking for it. And then God just dropped Tommy in right there at the right m right right moment. And it was just like, wow. So anyways, um ever since um we started learning about the message, you know, just uh the baptism of Jesus and all that stuff, just the power of the Holy Ghost, um you know, I got that desire that I want to experience that. And Friday evening, like I said, it was awesome. But I I didn't feel it like I could tell I wasn't feeling it like the rest of the people were around me. And I was like, I really wanted that. And um so I guess I just told Devon Friday night like it just felt like I was on the outside looking in to all these other people. The Holy Spirit was just raining down on them, but it just I just couldn't quite, you know, feel that power. So Saturday evening came around and I was really tired um during the service and um I was just really fighting against tiredness and feeling almost lukewarm. Um, I was eager to see what God would do, but I was just really fighting against that. And I kept praying throughout the service, you know, God, give me my portion, just pour out on top of me and just become real to me. And um, and he did. So after the services, there was a prayer line and me and Deon have never seen anything like a prayer line either. So that was new to us, too. So, we went through this prayer line and um I just remember distinctly, you know, everybody's talking, but I just remember hearing these words, just receive it. Just accept it, the Holy Spirit. And so, we went through the prayer line and it was cool and it was, you know, got a little bit emotional. Then we went outside for a little bit and Deon's like, "Did you know you got anointed?" I'm like, "What? I didn't even realize that." Apparently, one of the preachers had um put oil on my forehead and I was like, "Oh." And that just really kind of started moving things inside of me. Then we went back inside and the prayer line was still going and we started worshiping the Lord and then that song um the song Jesus came on. Um what's it? I speak Jesus. Yeah, that one came on and we were just worshiping and then Tommy and some of them were yelling out the name of Jesus and I just felt like doing the same thing and I kept yelling out the name Jesus and suddenly it came the Holy Spirit in all its power just came down on me and it was so incredible like I it was almost like I just I lost you know where I was at and I just like the Holy Spirit was just, you know, yelling out these words like hallelujah. And it's like I wasn't saying these things. That was just I've never experienced anything like that before. And it was like the only way I could explain it is that these words were erupting out of my soul and the Holy Spirit was just speaking these words because I was just listening to myself say them. And it was so incredible. And it was just wow. And um [Applause] so I'm just really really thankful for that. Um God really did answer my prayer. He became real to me that night. Um, just with his power and everything. So, praise the Lord for that. And after that, there was, you know, worship and I just couldn't stay in my spot. I just had to go down in the aisles and do a little bit of dancing. So, that was fun. And then that whole evening was just like I just felt um drunk in the spirit pretty much. And I was like, "So, this is how it is." So, that was incredible. And I just want to praise the Lord for that. Um, let's see. So, also last year, the devil, ever since we started learning about the message, the devil just really took it upon himself to attack me with various things. Um, and one of those things I'd been dealing with for a few years, but we just kind of discovered it last summer. And it's called endometriosis. Um it's not very common thing but um it's a thing in women um I was diagnosed with endo and pretty much what it is it is like scar tissue inside the uterus. It can grow outside the uterus. Um it'll it'll give you extreme abdominal stomach and lower back pain. Absolutely horrible pain. Um and it'll cause a lot of reproductive issues. Um, so I've been dealing with that for actually a few years and then like I said last year we I was actually diagnosed with it and so pretty much for a doctor the way that they see it is you got to go to surgery to get it removed. And so we made some plans and I had some other friends that had dealt with the same thing and they did surgery out in Colorado. So, we scheduled ski surgery out in Colorado and then um through this whole thing, Tommy was just saying, you know, Jesus already paid it on the cross and you know, I was still new to the whole healing concept. So, I was like kind of scared kind of like what do I do? Um so anyways, and then we just started praying about it like, "Okay, God, what do you want want us to do? Do you want us to go to the surgery? Do you just want me to just wing it? Just step out in faith and just like believe, you know, I'm healed without the surgery. You know, that looked both of those looked like a big mountain to me, a big journey, whether it was surgery or whether it was believing on my healing because at the time I felt like it was up to me to have enough of faith. And it and then eventually I learned, you know, it's God that puts the faith there. So that was pretty scary. But as time went on, I got these little signs here and there about the healing touch of Jesus. And I was like, "Okay, I think I know what needs to be done." And then we really knew what needed to be done because the financial ends weren't um meeting. The insurance wasn't working well with us. So just some problems came up with that. So we're like, "Okay, looks like we're not doing the surgery." And then um I would say I was I was kind of like I didn't know how to feel about it. I was just like, "Okay, I'm just going to trust God, you know, through the whole process." And then um over the next few months, I was I would get kind of discouraged because I'm like, "Okay, when is this healing going to take place?" You know, is it going to be many many months and then I'm have to go through all this endless pain and everything? But finally, a few months later, the devil came in and he pounded me with some of the worst pain I've ever felt in my entire life. Um, I'd already felt it before from that specific thing, but he really just hit me really hard. Um, extreme pain and like it was just unbearable and a lot of doubts. like you know you he would be trying to tell me you know you wouldn't you wouldn't um be feeling this pain if you were healed and all that stuff and I was by myself Devon was at work so I picked up one of brother Brandham's uh the books of his quotes um healing thoughts or something like that started reading through that and I was like okay so through through the pain and everything I started claiming my healing out loud I was like okay By his stripes, I'm healed. I believe it. It's God's word. God's word is above all truth. Even the truth of what my body is trying to tell me. I kept saying that and saying it and saying it until I felt like I couldn't talk anymore. And then I remembered what Tommy said about when he feels like he's not healed or that I was trying to get to him, he goes and, you know, works out and defies the pain. So I'm like, okay, what can I do to defy the pain? One of the worst things you want to do when you're feeling that is to get up and walk around and all that jazz. So, I stood up and um started walking around slowly just in my living room by myself just um claiming my healing. The more I paced and I just kept my words kept getting louder. I kept feeling stronger, more renewed, and just like, you know, booing the devil and all that stuff. And just in a couple seconds, that extreme pain was nothing. [Applause] And the joy of the Lord just filled me and overwhelmed me. And I just started jumping and praising and shouting and laughing and crying at the same time. And that was just incredible. And then a couple minutes later, the devil came back for round two. He hit me again with that awful, awful pain. And by then, I was like physically and mentally so worn out. And he the doubts were the doubts and fears came in almost stronger the second time. I was like, "Okay, seriously." So I was like, "I need help. I need prayer." I told Deon, "I need prayer." He um yeah, he'd pray for me and I just texted him that and he encouraged me to put it on the women's group chat. And so I did that, the ladies group chat in here. So I knew I had other people helping me fight these demons. Um and I did the same thing as I did the last time, just claiming my healing, just telling the devil to get out of here. And it happened again. The pain went away again in just in just a couple seconds. Like that's just supernatural. Normally the pain it would take a long time to just simmer out but it was just gone like the devil himself just left and I was once again filled with the joy of the Lord. And I will look back then I'm like I know I am healed. I am healed. Yeah. Praise the Lord. [Applause] So when we uh she experienced her healing, praise God for that. Um so then at that point in our journey, we knew what we had to do. Uh we felt that call from the Lord. So uh we need to move. And uh I was stressing about the financial end of it, getting a job. Tommy's kept telling me, "I can work you. I can work you and I'm sure my friends can work you. It'll be all right. You know, we can do this." And uh and but I I had my own doubts. And I was like, "I don't know." And uh and brother Tom, you had an apartment at that time and we came down and we stayed there and uh and I I don't mean any offense to your apartment, but she said, "Nope." I said, "We can make it work. I mean, it'll be fine. we can make it work. She said nope. It's okay. She says not enough space. So at that then we needed a house and I'm like I don't know. We're just uh I don't know. I got hit obviously when when the when the Lord works like that. The devil does too. And uh I got a really good job offer from back home. I'm like, I think I'm I'm gonna take this job. We're just gonna we're going to save up for a year and then we'll make it happen. And uh that that that was not I knew in my heart that wasn't what I was supposed to do. Um but I wanted to do it because it looked like more money. And uh we needed we needed to find a house anyway at that point then. And we were just I said no. I said, "We're just going to wait a year." And she was a big part in helping me to see the light because um when I said, "I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to follow the Lord." Uh I lost my desire to follow the Lord, I lost my peace. I lost my joy. I lost everything. I just wanted to throw it out the window. I just wanted to be done with it. Um, and so at that point I was I was done. I I just I was tired of people texting me. I was I just wanted to isolate and just be done with it. And she just said she said this. I don't even know if she remembers, but she's like, "Man, I feel like we need to move. I feel the call to move. So, we should move." And I'm like, "I don't know about that." And then uh I finally came to it and I'm like, "The Lord kept kept working on me." And he's like, "You know, I told you that I want you down there. I told you I want you to move and you're just rejecting me. You're telling me no." So now what I mean, I'll take it from you. I'll take that joy from you. And I said, "All right, God. All right. You do you. You do your will. We'll move. If you open the doors, you know, we'll move." And uh just like that I got my joy, my peace, my desire, my fire. Everything came back. So I can I can say that I didn't just up and move like that. Um, but then we came down for Valentine's party that Tommy put on and we're there playing games and and uh we're just there and Austin says, "When are you going to move? Are you moving?" And I'm like, "Well, I mean, yeah, but I can't find a house. We just talked about it that we needed a couple months." He's like, "I got a house coming up." I'm like, "He's probably going to want want people in it in the next month." I'm like, "I ain't going to be able to make it work." He's like, "Oh, it'll be a couple months yet." So, the Lord provided in that as well. Perfect timing. Gave us like two months to pack and and uh everything worked out. So, that's a that I can testify that the Lord provides. If you are if you're open to it and you you're you just have faith in God like God, this is this is up to you. God will provide. Uh that is a that is a that's a promise. And so, uh, we obviously made the move and, uh, the Lord blessed us with a smooth transition. Uh, I would say, um, yes, we had family, friends say that, you know, you know, you're not doing what's right. The devil's got you. Uh, you're not led of the Holy Spirit. Uh, you're, I mean, obviously tried to cast a demon out. Uh, but you know, through it all, I knew that's what the Lord wanted of me. And so, what else am I to do? It's not my It's I'm not moving. I'm not moving because I want to move. I'm moving because God called me to move. And uh it was around that time as she said, the devil wanted to uh hit her with everything and anything. And so this is where her next testimony comes in. So over the time of preparations of moving and whatnot, um I happened to injure my jaw. And so I pretty much got diagnosed with TMJ disorder. I don't know if you heard of it before, but it's when something slips in the joint, slips in the back of your jaw, and you get a lot of pain. Um it's even takes longer to heal than a sprain. Um because it's tiny little tissue of some sort. Anyways, so I dealt with that for a while and I had to be really careful with what I ate and I couldn't I hard day just could eat soft food and couldn't open my mouth very far. So, um, at the time I didn't really think about it that um, like I just thought I had it. So, I was just, you know, telling people about my problem with this. And at the time I didn't realize that I was kind of claiming it until we moved down here and the Thursday of the revival here. The first evening, a few hours before the first service, the devil hit me really hard with extreme pain. Not just in my jaw, but like it would often spread to my um chin, my neck, back of my head, everything. Like it was just paralyzing pain. And it was a few hours before the first stars and I I knew it was a attack from the devil. We both did and I couldn't like it was so bad I couldn't even open my mouth to talk hardly. And so he just prayed with me and then he started putting on some music um some of my warrior songs I guess you could call it that I like to listen to in spiritual warfare and whatnot. And through that whole time, I the realization dawned on me that I had never um actually just renounced it. And I was like, "Oh." The gear started spinning and I was like, "Okay, I'm going to start, you know, claiming my healing on this. Like, I don't have this TMJ disorder. Like, that's not mine." And um I kind of did the same thing as I did the last time. I started pacing around and I could hardly open my mouth right at first, but I kept opening my mouth more and more just, you know, claiming my healing and just praising the Lord for my healing and then it started getting better and better and then I was like, "Okay, I'm going to go to defy the pain again and eat something that I would not have eaten otherwise." So Devin was over there and he had those uh peanut walnut uh caramel clusters and I've been wanting to eat them, but I never dared. So I was just like walked over to the table and took a big chunk of it and that pain pretty much went down completely. [Applause] So I was like, "Yep, take that devil." Because um when that pain left, I was like pretty much it just felt like, you know, the devil left. It just um God gave me another victory in that and I'm so thankful for that. And we were just dancing in our living room then because we're just filled with, you know, the joy of the Lord. Um but the devil obviously came back quite a few times since then just giving me a lot of pain and aching in that area in my jaw. Um but um it has gotten a lot better because um God has given me that faith to hold on to what his word says and I'm so thankful for that. Without his strength through it all, I don't know what I would have done. Um so I just want to give him the honor and the glory. Um, God has such a loving heart and he care. He just, it just really showed me, you know, he cares about all the heartache that I go through, all the pain and everything. And I just have to believe that he does care and I just have to believe that, um, you know, he he does heal and God has really made himself manifest to me in that way. And so um during during the revival I the devil had also um tried to cast anxiety on me that last summer. Um I had dealt with a panic attack and some other issues with just anxiety, not being able to sleep and whatnot. Just feeling that like physical mental toll and it just felt like a stronghold. Um, so Saturday night I went through the prayer line. You know, that was my prayer. I wanted to be free from this anxiety. And I went through the prayer line and one I just heard one of the preachers say um something about the stronghold of anxiety, praying against the stronghold of anxiety. And while I was going through the prayer line, it just the only way that I can explain what I felt was just anxiety and fear being cast out of me. Like that's just the only way that I can explain how I felt. It was just something strong came over me and it was just like I believe I'm free of anxiety and yeah, [Applause] so praise the Lord for that. Um the devil did try to hit me with anxiety that night, but um I know I know God is with me and I don't have to worry about anything and just I am free from anxiety and God has been so good to me. Um he has healed me a few times and just um just sanctifying me and I can just feel it and I'm just so so thankful for that. Um just praise the Lord. [Applause] So, she went through this and I'm gonna I'm gonna say this and it rocked my world. This happened the Monday after the special meetings. We were um down at uh Tammy's parents and we were having lunch or was it supper? I don't know. Um and brother Timothy was there. Timothy Puit was there and we were hanging out there shooting the breeze and just having a good time in the Lord and and we were getting ready to leave and uh and I was sitting there eating and I looked over at her and she wasn't eating. I'm like I said, "Does your jaw hurt?" And she said, "Yeah, it does." And uh I was like, "Well, we'll see if Timothy will pray over pray over you before before we leave." And so, um, I mentioned something to Tommy and Tommy got Timothy and we got over there in a huddle kind of away from the main group and, uh, Brother Timothy prayed over us and, uh, you know, it was all good and cool and everything. It still gives me goosebumps. But um she went over to the women again and we just we were getting ready to go toss a cornhole a little bit and and I was we went in the house and we came back out and and brother Timothy says, "Hey, listen." He said, "Tommy, come here." And uh Tommy walked over and I could tell it's just something was there was like I was like, "Now what?" you know, and uh he said, you know, he said when we were at the bedside of my mother on her deathbed, he said, "Brother Ron Spencer was there and he told me to come around to the other side of the bed because the angel of the Lord is there." And he said, "I just want to tell you something." He said, "When I was praying, I opened my eyes and he said, "The angel of the Lord was standing right behind you two." And uh and he said, I didn't want to say I wasn't going to say anything, but he said, "We went in the house." He said, "I came back out and the presence was still there." And so he said, "That's when I know. That's when I knew." So he said, "You don't have to worry anymore." I mean, he didn't. He said, "You don't got to worry anymore. You ain't got to have fear, anxiety, nothing like that." He mentioned anxiety in the prayer again. I mean, just the Lord was clearly in it. And so, we just want to praise the Lord. That gives us so much um that gives us a rock to stand on when the times come, when the time's come. Um this is just a very recent thing and I'm just going to be vulnerable and open here. Um, but I dealt with, you know, I had been I was kind of addicted to vaping and uh I was just kind of going with the flow and and a while ago or a couple Sundays ago, uh, Brother Joe was here preaching and he said and he said that uh, he said, "If I asked every one of you in this church, if you have the Holy Ghost, there all your hands would probably go up." But he said, "If you're doing the same things that you've been doing, you don't have it." And the Lord started dealing with me, dealing with me in that pier. And I mean, it was like a war. I was fighting against it. And he just said, "No, you don't need to be doing that. That isn't right. That's not what I want you to do." And uh he said, "You need to you need to get rid of that thing and you need to change because when the Holy Ghost is inside you, it's going to bring a change. Your nature is going to change." And so I said, "All right, Lord." So went home from church and I didn't didn't do anything about it. And the next day I was working with Tommy and I told Tommy about the experience and he's like, "Did you do it?" I said, "No, I didn't have time." He's like, "Dude, you got to do it, man. And when the Lord makes that opportunity, you got to do it. And so, uh, and we were just there going on about our day. And I don't know if I don't know if he felt the Lord leading him to, but he just said, "Hey, you know, I want to pray over you." And so, he got up and was praying over me. And I I felt that again, and I was like, "All right, I ain't even going to think about it." So, uh, I went and grabbed that joker and I said, "You're witness to this." And I whipped that thing clean into the next timber. So, praise the Lord for that. And since then, the Lord's took my desire and no cravings. I ain't got none of that no more. So, praise God for that. I just want to That's pretty much all of it. Um, but I just wanna I just want to say, you know, lately it's because it's fresh on my mind. But, um, been having friends, family, people just, you know, spreading their words, uh, if you will. Um, been told, you know, you're following a false prophet. You're in a cult. You're you're completely out of whack here. Uh, you follow man, you do all this and all that. And I said, "Okay, you can call me what you want to, but under this ministry and under this prophet, our faith has been elevated to see spirit to see supernatural miracles happen. And so, you can't tell me. You can't tell me." It's just like brother Eduardo said last last Wednesday. He said, "If you come to tell me that the prophet ain't right, you're too late. You're too late. So that's that's pretty much all of it. And I just want to give God the glory because he's brought us through so much and all of this has happened in the last two years. And so uh the Lord has just been good to us. And he's been giving us more and more to add to our testimony. And as long as we're on this side of heaven, there will always be more to the testimony. And so we just want to give God the glory. [Applause] Thank you, brother Devin. Sister today, very good testimony. Amen. Amen. That transition from coming out of a denomination into the message is always a little hard sometimes. Amen. Amen. Family, friends, things that people say. Amen. You have to be able to stand that pers persecution and stand for what's right. Amen. How many say there's not one little bitty shadow of a doubt, but that God was with that man. Amen. Amen. God was with him. Amen. That was Jesus Christ. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. All right. Somebody else yet? All right. Go ahead. Is that on? Okay. Um, I didn't know ahead of time we were doing testimonies until brother Joe said something out in the vestibule, but I thought maybe he was joking. But, uh, I wrote some stuff down in the pre-ervice. Um, but I have a sign that's on my kitchen counter that says, "What if you woke up today with only the things that you thanked God for yesterday?" and uh the trials that we've went through um over the past year um it's been a little over a year now have made that so much more meaningful to me than ever. You know, I've always always been thankful um for what God does, but it just magnified it, you know, so much more. So every night when we pray, we thank God for the gift of himself down to our family, our pastor, our church, our church friends, our home, our animals, our uh clothes, the money to pay the bills, even toys for John, everything, you know. And then every morning, the first thing we thank God for keeping us safe through the night. and just for giving us another day. Because truly each day and each moment is a gift from God. And something that really helped me recently um because I had experienced several miracles actually miracles of healing in my own body my children's body um the older kids you know as they were growing up just outright instant miracles and uh so this time it's been um different. And I heard brother Brandham I heard it said just the other day how brother Brandham explained that a miracle is something, you know, that happens pretty much instantly, but a healing can take time. And I'm sure I'd heard that before, but I don't know. I just um it's just Been a battle. Like Jana said, the devil comes in. He tries to bring, you know, fear and doubt even, you know, down to, you know, what's wrong with you? you know, every time before, you know, it worked. You know, you got a miracle. What's wrong with you now? And uh which I encourage I've always encouraged my kids and everybody, you know, if you get hit with something, first thing you do, of course, is clean out your closet. You know, make sure everything's right with the Lord. It's what Brother Brandham taught us, you know, and in his message. Um, but, you know, I had done all that. I knew everything was right with the Lord. And um but you know, he said sometimes he just wants to see what you'll do. And uh this time I thank God that you know he's let us experience his healing power. And God is mindful. He's mindful of us. And like I said, it just really it really helped me helped to stabilize me, I guess you'd say the other day when I heard him explain that, you know, that it's different. Sometimes he heals by miracles. Sometimes it's a healing that takes time, you know, but you, like she said, you keep believing. You keep confessing it, you know, and and your body will walk into it. So, I just uh want to thank God again for healing Jonathan. We appreciate it so much. And by his stripes, Jonathan is healed. [Applause] The Lord, thank you. Appreciate that. Amen. Brother Austin, go ahead. That came from uh our meetings that we had a few weeks ago. Um I'm kind of in the same boat with Jana when it comes to public speaking. So um the first one is just going back to that is just the the freedom that God gave me to worship him. I'm sure you guys seen me running around here. I'm kind of hard to miss. So um just able to do that. You know, there's been times where the Holy Spirit will fall and you're like, man, you know, I'd like to kind of I told Tommy before like, man, I'm almost took off running, you know. And it's just to be able to experience that. It was a really neat experience, you know. Um the other two things he did for me kind of correlate with each other before the meetings, you know, everybody was kind of anticipating the uh you know, what God was going to do and stuff. So, I just kind of felt in my heart to write on a piece of paper needs that I had in my life and that I wanted, you know, God to meet in my family's life. Um, and I put them in Acts 19 and you know, because that's where you put your uh prayer cloth and stuff. This is what I usually am a crier. Um anyway, so but whenever brother Andrew had the prayer line, I just felt to get those needs out of my hand and uh so I went in the prayer line and I always kind of want something where God will like build your faith. So I'm like, Lord, whenever I go up here, please, you know, help them to pray or to say something that I know that you'll meet these needs, you know. And as soon as I went up there and I was explaining to him what I did, you know, writing it on a piece of paper and all that and he just said like I can't remember the exact words but like you know you're the knee that I've been waiting on or you're you know this is the knee that you know I've been waiting on something to that effect and I just knew that you know just that few minutes of me standing in the prayer line God heard my prayer and answered me and gave me confirmation you know that he would meet the needs that I wrote on my piece of paper you know and I don't want to just limit him you know he's a big God I don't want to limit him to just needs that I have on a piece of paper. We have needs that come up every day of our life, you know, and I just uh just want to put my whole life, my family's life, everybody into his hands. And, you know, know that he'll carry us through. And I want to I want to thank him for the church, too. I just the last year or two, I believe that our church is skyrocketed spiritually. And, you know, I love it and I just thank God for it. Amen. [Applause] I appreciate y'all's prayers this week. Um, I thought I was the man, I guess, built like Tommy and tried to lift something I should have never lift. and I've pulled a muscle in my chest. And honestly, I don't know that I've ever been in that much pain since my back surgery. So, I really appreciate y'all's prayers and it hurts to take a deep breath. So, please continue to pray for me. But, um, I wanted to thank the Lord. When we were in Florida, I got behind on a couple services, so I was trying to catch up. And I believe it was Sunday night that brother Joe was preaching and he was talking about how that you have to know that you know that you know that you've been quickened and I'm so thankful to be able to look at my life and know that God has quickened me. Um he said that God would not only change your your present or your future but he also changes your past. And I never heard he heard that quite like that. And if you was a sinner like me, you're very thankful that God changes your past. You just want to say boo devil and all of your friends. If you want to go fishing, you can. But my past has been changed and I'm very thankful for that. Um God knew too. Um, I promised him a couple years ago if he gave me the or maybe it was a year and I told Brother Thomas I had a testimony if it ever worked out that I could give it. But we had to go back to court for Michael. And um, when we went, me and the twins were very, very nervous. We had never been in a a room with the murderers and we hadn't been to court in a very long time. And so it was very nerve-wracking. And I had wrote out my speech, but it kept coming to me that um we shouldn't prepare ourselves for times like that, that God will speak through us if we'll just let him. So, I had all this mess wrote out and it was just cuz I was nervous. But, um when we went in that day, the judge explained to us that the most he could get is six more years without a chance for parole. And um so I immediately started claiming it. I was like, he's getting six more years today. He ain't getting out of this joint. He's staying. And so, um, the judge started explaining to us how it works. And then the first thing they do, too, is they explain to you how his, um, prison time has went. I think it was 192 writeups he had had in prison. Soon as I heard it, I was like, there ain't no way this boy's getting out. But you know, we live in a wicked world. And so um he said a few smart elic things, this guy did. And um ever since it happened, it's been 30 years now, but my heart's desire was ever since it happened, I wanted a judge to stand up and say the Westerman's done absolutely nothing wrong that night. And and that's exactly what happened. because I know that they tried to say that things happened. There was words between us and I was the only one that knew that was a lie. But how can you tell the world? But that day at court that that judge said the Westerman's was out for a family evening and y'all ambushed them. And so after after the court, my father-in-law came up to me and said, "Hannah, all I can say is God spoke through you today." And I believe I really believe the judge took to heart what I what the Lord said through me and also used Austin too and um we got six more years. So I'm very thankful for that. Um also as a mom my whole mom career I've never I've told my kids a million times you could become a millionaire. That would mean nothing to me. I want your soul saved. And I would encourage y'all, I've talked to Grace and I think Natalie, but I'd encourage anybody that has kids, sacrifice. Do whatever you have to do. You get your kids to camp meetings. You take them anywhere you can go. You don't take a lot of money. There's believers all over this world that'll put you right up in their house. Um, but I don't regret doing it one minute. Most of the time it was just me and Sarah out taking them, taking our kids. But by his grace, all four of our kids are serving the Lord and um filled with the Holy Ghost. I believe. So, I'm very thankful for that. And just one last thing, I know y'all don't believe in women preachers, so I'll keep it short. Oh, I shouldn't have done that. Um, but God also has blessed me with two more kids, Caroline and Lacy. And they've been like mine since the day I was born. And um, so y'all pray for them. They have a hard time sometimes, but um, they had both been really desiring the Holy Spirit. And last year they went to Ohio. Well, I always call it Ohio Youth Camp, but BYC. and I'm going to tell it because I know they won't. But um Lacy texted me one night and said, "Ain't Hannah, I got it. I got the Holy Ghost." And so I was texting back and forth with her and um the next night I got a phone call and Caroline said, "And Hannah, I got it." And I said, "What did you get?" She said, "I got the Holy Ghost." And I've seen their lives change so much. And I'm very very thankful. [Applause] Anyone else? Brother Glenn, thank you. I just want to talk about the last five years or so. I can uh I can thank my brother Sean and sister Patty. They drugged me in here. And Lord, I cannot believe it, but I hadn't missed a Sunday or a Wednesday unless I just absolutely had to since then. And I can thank them so much because when Sean was talking about all this, I didn't I thought he was crazy. But but I I learned he's right. So anyway, and I'm going to tell you one thing. When I was young, I used to do the marijuana. If I wanted to hit a joint when we came back from a mission, we'd go to the combo tent. That's the communications tent. Those boys always had a few buds over there so we could hit it and have a good old time. But anyway, I had a bad problem gambling. I gambled my house away way back a long time ago. Then I gambled another house away and I just couldn't let it go. We came here. I asked my preacher. I said, "Should I be gambling?" He said, "Well, that's kind of up to you. you make that decision. So, the Lord and I, we had a talk one night. And I'm going to tell you something. I have not set foot in the casino in two years. It was I had I cannot believe it, but it was just like he took the urge away. The same way with the vaping. I stopped smoking, but I went right to vaping because that was good, too. But I thought it was more healthy. But anyway, it turns out it was bad. So the Lord told me to get rid of that too along with her. So we did. And anyway, I just want to thank all of you, this whole bride sitting here because you have all changed this old center as I told brother Tommy back when I starting in 1966 up until about five years ago, I was sinning and grinning having the best old time of my life. But now I know what a good time is and I appreciate everyone. Thank you. Amen. Praise the Lord. We're very thankful for the work of grace that God does. Amen. We've seen it change and change one thing after another. Praise the Lord. Praise God. God is good, isn't he? Amen. Very good. I got one more thing that I'd like to say that I forgot to say, but we just want to thank you guys as a church for accepting us and for uh the love offering that you guys lifted for us. We just want to thank you guys so much for that. Uh we really appreciate it. I just want to thank you, brother Ber, for being our pastor and and being there for us. And I just want to uh bless you and you also, brother Brad, and you guys ministry and and just just want to just want to thank you guys. Amen. God bless you. Amen. [Applause] Amen. I wasn't going to say anything, but um I could tell a lot of testimonies, but I was just feeling like I should tell this one. Um when I was like 14, somewhere around there. I like really struggled to go to sleep every night and well, not every night, but a lot of nights. And I'm someone who needs sleep a lot and um it would just like the devil would come in my mind during the day and it'd be like you're not going to be able to fall asleep tonight and I would just like battle it the whole day and then I'd lay down at like 10 o'clock at night and I'd still be awake at 2 o'clock in the morning and I would just be like what in the world and I'd play brother Brandham. I'd go sleep somewhere else, sleep on the couch. I'd do whatever and I could not fall asleep and I just I'd have my dad pray for me. And finally, like this went on for I don't know a year or two maybe. And um after um one night of having a rough night trying to fall asleep, uh we were just as a family at lunch and my dad was like, you know, that's just like the devil trying to torment you. Like you don't have to deal with that. so why don't you go up for prayer tonight because it was Wednesday night and so I went up for prayer and um I nothing was super like emotional about it or anything like that but I just had a piece in my heart I was like I'm not going to have to deal with this again and so I went back to my seat and I was just praising the Lord and um just every night like it went away and the devil would come back randomly and I would be like, "No, I can take you to the place in the front of that church that I got delivered of that. I'm not dealing with that." And there's one verse that I always like quoted to myself and um cuz sleep is kind of a random thing like you're like, "Is is that a promise?" But it is. In Proverbs 3:24, it says, "When you lie down, you will not be afraid. When you lie down, your sleep will be sweet." And that's just a promise that you have found that sweet fleet. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Okay. Several years ago when we were still in the little church down here, um I had gone up for prayer because something that was bothering me and seemed like as a parent like we weren't what we should be or whatever. And that always bothered me. But I went up for something else for prayer. And anyway, the Lord came to me and said, "All your children are going to be there." And I've been holding on to that ever since then. It's like somebody said one time, "How could Abraham wait 25 years?" I said, "If God tells you something, it's there and I know they're going to be there." And then of course when Hannah's second boy was born and he had a tuft of hair sticking out of his head and you know, we didn't know what that meant, anything good or bad, but anyway, the doctor Vanderbilt said, "Well, we got to do surgery." So, he was just a few months old when they when they removed that. It was I just said, you know, we just kind of joked that some of the robbers have some uh Native American in them. And so I said, well, that's our Indian chief, you know, with his hair sticking out, you know, it was diff a different color than his his reddish brown hair. But anyway, so he was just a few months old and they removed that. And then when he was about two or three years old, he started having a get getting sick with a cold or something it looked like. And then he he went back to the they kept taking him to the doctor and giving him antibox over and over and over and over again. He they'd get over it and then he'd get it and he they he wasn't getting better. So finally they took him to Vanderbilt and the first they they went straight to his head and started scanning it and the first call we got is he's got brain tumors and um of course what it ended up being it wasn't then they checked it again. It was AVMs in his head. He had three and it's unusual to have them but he had three. one right in the back and one I think it was three and one on this side and I don't know where all else but so what was happening is he was bleeding in his brain and he was taking it was weakening his body and he couldn't fight off the infections. So that's how they found out that's what he had. So when he turned, they did radiation in his brain and all that and then they um said we'll have to operate. So anyway, I'm not going to go into all of that. It's really really hard. But anyway, he was he had just turned four, I believe, when they did the surgery on him and he had 50% chance to live after that. And then that the the report afterwards, it took a lot longer than they thought. He'll have 50% chance to live. And then if he does, we'll see how much brain damage it did. Well, anyway, he he had to learn how to talk and walk and everything all over again. Couldn't eat, just is just in terrible pain. So anyway, he got to where he was, you know, doing better. And he you always had to watch him because he wasn't as strong. He was kind of weak, but he did learn how to walk and he he was a fun loving little kid and um so um one time he was at our house I don't know what year sister Joyce your dad passed away 2018 okay one time it was before then that he was at our house and he needed help he he couldn't reach to to get his socks on I mean he could use both hands but his right hand was a a little bit weaker, but he could do both hands. But he couldn't get his socks on. So, I had him laid back in Steve's recliner and I would put his socks on. He says, "Mom, I just I just can't do them myself." I said, "It's okay, Josh. I I know. I I'm here to help you." And uh so time went on. And then um one time when I was fixing the bed, one morning I was just fixing the bed. didn't even think about anything like that. And and all of a sudden, the thought came to me. I remembered doing that with Josh. And I hadn't even been thinking about Josh, but all of a sudden, the thought just came across my mind of that situation where I helped him with the socks and it's and he said, "I can't do that, Mom. I'm by myself." I said, "That came across." And immediately right behind it, it said, "And he's healed. I said, "What was that?" I wasn't even thinking about Josh. And I thought, "Well, the Bible says by his stripes he's healed." Okay. So, I think it was God. And so, you know, just something in I mean, I wasn't, you know, just I said, "I I guess it was God." And I didn't see any results or anything. And I remember the reason I know is right that happened about the time when brother Billy went on because I remember telling somebody at the funeral home that that had just happened. I said, "I guess it means he's healed." But and then the first thing that came is my mom before she passed away, she said she was healed. And then she went on to be with the Lord. So I thought, I don't know, maybe he's going to go on to be with the Lord and be healed that way, but I believe he's healed. And after that, he had passed out at their house and no response. They took him to Vanderbelt with ambulance. and he had had a really bad brain bleed. And after he got there, he started throwing up, woke up and was throwing up. And so, so after that, then his right side has gotten slowly gotten worse and worse to where his he can has no use of his right hand. It's just dangling. It's It's hanging more than what I can do that. It's just hanging there. It's stiff and his right foot's dragging and he's he's on hospice care. He could go at any minute because he's got aneurysm behind his left eye and he's still got the stuff in his head and they just there's nothing they can do. So, the hospice nurse comes over every week. Hannah's got the medicine there, everything that she would need for it to be over. And um so the other day when he found out the other grandkids were going fishing, he wanted to go fishing. So we said, "Okay, we'll let you go fishing, too." He didn't really enjoy it that much, but he wanted to do it. So we we helped him get there and get his chair and get him comfortable and stuff. Well, when on the way home, he fell asleep in Steve's truck. And so we had his seat laid back, so it was pouring rain. He hates to get wet. Hannah says he just doesn't want to get wet. So So we we Hannah and I got there ahead and Steve pulled up to the carport so that his door Josh's door was facing us and he's laying in there sleeping and so we are getting ready to get him out. Well, it was pouring so as soon as it sort of let up, we said, "We better get him out now because it's just sprinkling a little." We opened the door and we said, "Come on, Josh." and he didn't really wake up, but we helped him out anyway because it's going to pour again, you know. And so, just as we got him and got him onto the carport, he went into a seizure. And he's never done that before. Uh maybe slight ones, but nothing like this. And so, we laid him down on the carport on the concrete and got Parker and got a bunch of pillows and put under him. and uh and it lasted maybe about two minutes and then they picked him up and carried him and put him on the couch and he was out, you know, sleeping. So, there's been different times when Hannah cannot wake him up and she's never made him get up. She's waited till he wakes up on his own. Well, this time when we made him get up, she said, "Well, maybe he would have gotten into a seizure before if I would have made him get up." We don't know. But anyway, she called the hospice nurse and said when he comes to this is the medicine you need. So Gabe ran back to their house and got the medicine because she's got anything she needs there. She said what she needed to give him to relax him and everything. So um anyway, he came he came he woke up after a little while in hand and gave him the medicine and his right arm's been hurting more since then. Maybe from the tenseness of how he was throwing up so much. I don't know. But I'm just saying all that to let you know that I sent the sisters a thing saying that Josh had been in a seizure. But Hannah's even told me the other day, she said, "I believe what you said. I believe he's healed. He might be going no, he might be going crossing over and he's healed or he might be healed." But she said, "It could happen real quick." I said, "Yeah, it could. But we're believing Josh is healed and our kids our kids are going to be there. [Applause] Amen. Thank you. How many's enjoyed the testimony meeting? Praise the Lord. Well, we'll quit for tonight. And if you have more, let me know. And Amen. If we have another service, we'll do it again. Is that okay? All right. Go ahead, brother Joe. All right. They can't hear you on the internet, though. Is it working? Yeah. All right. Look, I got what I got. Hope all y'all did, but I got exactly what I come to church for. You know, y'all know what I said in there. You know, a lot of us talk. We We wanted to what we're talking about is we wanted to hear every one of y'all that talked tonight. That's what we wanted to hear. You know, Brother Balor, y'all hear him talk. Brother Brad, me, Brother David, and then we said, "Bro Steve, don't say nothing." That's what we said in prayer meeting. Okay? And then brother Balor I will confess after y'all went out everybody see brother Ber needs two more to do testimony. So they was one doing them and that's what they was talking about. Then like brother Devon sister Jana I didn't even know they could talk. I said can y'all do testimony two more. Then this is why I say this. Then I got concerned. I said my goodness they couldn't talk longer than that man did last Wednesday night. We're going to be here a long time. So, and I'm real I'm real proud. I'm real proud of everyone, but them two really. Yes. I am more proud and we've told them and Hannah has from the time they come they got our number. If they ever need anything, we'll be the mom and daddy and they be the kids. That's right. So, I just we really appreciate I'll be able to remember every testimony. I don't know if I could ever do it. everything that was said on each one and that and I'm just I was really encouraged myself by everything that I heard and I just want to say praise the Lord and I love every one of you. [Applause] Amen. Praise the Lord. How many's glad to serve the living God? Amen. Stand with me. We want to remember Joshua in a special way. Okay, we're going to just close in prayer. Have a little prayer meeting in closing. Would that be okay? So, let's remember brother Joshua in a special way. Sister Janette, Janet, Sister Sherry, Donna in a special way. Ain't that right? We thank him for what he's doing. Amen. For touching them, claiming each and every one of their healing. Amen. Does anybody else have a spoken request before we go to the Lord? Amen. Okay. That's right. Yes. Yep. And I've got an unspoken request. Remember me. Would you? Amen. And everybody pray. Would you all everybody bind together? Let's ask God. Amen. To continue to lead us and to guide us. Amen. by his spirit. Heavenly Father, we come before you tonight, Lord Jesus, and we thank you for this time that we have gotten to spend together, Lord, with your children, Lord. Father, and our heart goes out to Sister Hannah's little boy, Sister Becky's grandson, Joshua, Lord. Father, we just pray, Lord Jesus, that you'll just work a miracle there. Father, we believe that by his your stripes, he is healed, Lord. Lord, from a wife. Lord, we thank you, Lord, for what you've done already. And we know, Lord, that you'll finish the work, Lord. Lord, we pray for Sister Sherry. Lord, we ask, God, that you could continue to give her faith to be healed, Lord Jesus. Sister Janette and Janet also, Father, and each and every one of us that needs your spirit to lead us, to guide us, to tell us what to do, what not to do, where to go, and where not to go, Lord, decisions that we make. Father, in every aspect of our life, Lord, we ask, God, for your leadership, for your guidance, Lord. And we wanted you to know that we really love you and appreciate all that you have done, Lord. For little Jonathan, God, that you've touched, that you've healed. We thank you, Lord Jesus, for that, Father. You're a miracle working God, Father. And we pray Lord that you'll help each one as we go to our homes tonight, as we go and have a good night's rest, sweet sleep, Lord, and as we get up and meditate, Father, upon you tomorrow, Lord, we ask, God, that you just be with us in a very, very sweet and special way. Continue to sweeten us and heart our hearts, Lord Jesus, and help us to be gentle and loving and kind by your spirits. So others, no matter what they might say about us, they would have to say that those folks are Christians. Lord, may a reflection of Christ come out of from each and every one of us now. And we just ask God you'll bless each one now as we're dismissed in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. God bless you, church. Let's give the Lord a hand as we go. Thank you, Lord Jesus.
