################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-21 - Bro Brad Powell • Sun. • 9/21/25 • The House of Restoration - Brad Powell - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-21
Title:   Bro Brad Powell • Sun. • 9/21/25 • The House of Restoration
Speaker: Brad Powell
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rb7iPDW2Hk
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] to the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. how you wanted to kind of fill the church in this morning. And Micah, hold off on that for right now. Morning. We'll just go before the Lord in prayer before we turn it over to brother Troy. Certainly are looking forward to what the Lord will speak through brother Brad this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. And uh one more thing I do want to mention. Amen. And it's a praise report. Uh actually not a praise report. It's more of a a miracle report. Yeah. How many like a miracle report this morning? Amen. Amen. So, uh Amen. We know that brother Caleb and Sister Lisa have been wanting to have a family. Isn't that right? Well, God has granted that she's pregnant. So, praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Amen. I know people were praying. Amen. Amen. I know my wife went up there in Virginia for her and I think Austin and so all of us have been praying. Amen. And so how many believe God answers prayer? &gt;&gt; Amen. And so we're certainly Amen. Amen. Looking Amen. looking forward to seeing this baby. Amen. Aaron, good to see you this morning. Amen. Good to have you in the house of God. Amen. Good to see y'all. Praise the Lord. Amen. Got a couple of them grandb babies there, huh, Sister Lois? All right. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Precious and kind heavenly father. Lord, we know that you are mindful of all of our needs, our desires, and things that we want, Father. And we just thank you, Lord, for answering the prayer for Brother Caleb and Sister Lisa, Lord Jesus. And we just pray, God, that that would be a healthy baby, Lord. And and Father, they'd raise it to the admonition of Almighty God. Thank you for hearing our prayers, Lord. And Lord, this morning, Father, we want to thank you, Lord, for every soul that's in here, Lord. For each person at the Evening Light Tabernacle, Father, of the fellowship that we have with you and the fellowship that we have one with another. And we pray for all those that are traveling, Lord Jesus, on vacation and different places. We ask for traveling mercies for them. We ask God this morning also for those that are streaming. We pray, God, that you'd give them good health, Lord Jesus, and that they'll be blessed by the service this morning. Also, we ask God that you'll just bless brother Brad, father, to be able to step out of the way and let your Holy Spirit speak to the church the thing that you want to say this morning, Father. Lord, we praise you. We give honor and glory to you now as we commit this service to you in Jesus' name. Do you usually dismissed for Sunday school about now? All right, let's be dismissed for Sunday school. Amen. And brother Troy will come for our Bible reading. If we just go in the Psalms, we're going to go to Psalms um 46. Psalms 46. God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Though the waters thereof roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof, say &gt;&gt; God is in the midst of her. She shall not be moved. God shall help her in that right early. The Lord of hosts is with us. The God of Jacob is our refuge. Sail. &gt;&gt; He maketh wars to cease unto the end of the earth. He breakth the bow and cutth the spear in thunder. He burneth the chariot in the fire. this one together. The Lord of hosts is with us. The God of Jacob is our refuge. Sailor, God bless. You may be seated, Brother Brian. Morning brothers and sisters. &gt;&gt; After reading the psalm like that, do you have anything to worry about if you put it in God's hand? I was listening to a message yesterday. has uh it went with the as you know if you open the the spoken word thing you know they have a devotional for every day you know they have a page and the message was you must be born again and the one thing brother Brandham was saying in the message you know that statement look and live and I was just thinking this morning everyone he talks he talks about how the children of Israel you know they rebelled against Moses. God sent serpents and he he told Moses to raise the serpent up, the brass serpent, and if they looked on it, they would live. And I was thinking, you know, everyone here this morning, whether it's the smallest child or the oldest men and women, you've you all have that you all been bitten by that serpent, which is death. And you have to look and live. And it's and I was just thinking the the world we live in is doing everything it can to put a cloud a darkness between Christ and the world. Christ and his believers. Everything out there in the world, everything that we interreact with every day of our life is trying to cloud your eyes, cloud your soul, cloud your spirit to hide you, keep you from looking to Christ to believe and live everything that we deal with. And I was just I'll just read what he had to say in this this quote. And um if you would turn with me to John Leip 6th chapter and I'll uh just read if you it's a long chapter. John in the beginning of the chapter is where Jesus feeds the thousands. You know he actually performs a miracle. He feeds thousands of people from very few fishes and and bread. So he's he's done a great miracle in front of the children of Israel. And then uh if you re I think I lost my place about the 24th verse uh and then I'll read this quote here this morning trying to get my the right thought in my mind that maybe God that would have and it's starting about the 24th verse. Uh I won't read a lot this morning and he's already been out. He's already gone and he's coming back again. And this is what I was going to read. When the people therefore seizes Jesus was not there, neither his disciples, they also took shipping and came to Capernium seeking for Jesus. And when they had found him on the other side of the sea, they said unto him, Rabbi, what when comest thou hither? And Jesus answered them and said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, you seek me not because you saw the miracles, but because you did eat of the loaves and were filled, and labor not for the meat which is perishes, but for that meat which is endureth onto everlasting life, which the Son of Man shall give unto you, for him hath God the Father sealed." And and and then you go, this is what the people go on to say later. And I to me it's really striking that they could actually see God multiply food and yet are still seeking a greater miracle than that. But I'll just read what they when they said unto them, what shall you we do that we might the works of God. And Jesus answered and said unto them, this is the work of God that you believe on whom he hath sent. And we're in the same place this morning. Everyone has to make that choice. You have to believe on on the message as God has given it to you. They said, "Therefore unto him," this is what really struck me as I was reading this this morning. They had already seen a great sign, a great miracle. That wasn't enough for him. Then they he says, "Therefore say unto them, what sign show us thou that we that we might see and believe thee, what does thou work? And our fathers did eat manner in the desert. As is written, he gave them bread from heaven to eat. So they can't believe the very they can't believe what Jesus is telling them. They can't believe the miracles. So what's it going to take to wake them up? You know what is actually going to wake them up? And we all know that even I'll just read what it I said I wouldn't read a lot. But then if it's God's word that it's not what I have to say. Then Jesus said unto them, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, Moses gave you not that bread from heaven, but my father giveth you the true bread from heaven, for the bread of God is which cometh down from heaven, and he giveth life unto the world." And they're not realizing that life is going to be in Jesus himself. Then they said unto him, Lord, every more give us this bread. And then Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life. He that cometh to me shall never hunger. He that believeth on me shall never thirst. That those promises are for us this morning here, those everyone here has access to those promises. There's nothing keeping you from accessing the promises of God. But I said unto you that you must also have seen me and believe. My my eyes are starting to cloud here. But I said unto you that ye also have seen me and believe not. All that the father giveth me shall come to me and him that cometh to me and I'll in no wise cast out. I'll just finish there. And then if you go into the other gospels, you know, like I was saying in the beginning, brother Bannam was talking about just uh just look and see. Look and believe. And I was uh &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; I was just going to read what he had to say this morning in this quote. and they were talking in the prayer room. And and when he preached this message, you must be born again. He was pretty rough on all the people in that assembly that day. But this is this comes right off of the spoken voice of God recording. Some of you might have read it already. This is the Saturday one. But before I get started there, I was before I read this, I I thought was coming to me this morning with everything that's going to go on today out there in the world. The really thing that the reason why the world is the way it is this morning, why the church world is the way it is this morning, everything is the way it is because they don't have real honest true Bible go Bible teaching. They lack true unadulterated teaching in the word of God this morning. That's why the world is the way it is. And the one thing that struck me I don't I don't I'm totally off what I was going to say this morning and I I know I I printed it out this morning. I was thinking if you don't know what the Bible says, if if you don't know what the word of God actually says, you'll be you don't know what people are telling you the truth or not. That's why it's so important that you read your Bible this morning that you have the word of God in your heart and life. &gt;&gt; There was a guy I used to listen to years ago and he would always say this to people. He would say when they would come up to him with crazy ideas or crazy beliefs, he would first thing he would ask him, "Have you read your Bible from Genesis 1:1 to Revelation? Have you read the whole Bible at least once?" And then he would before you would even discuss with them what they were trying to represent, he would and they if they said no, he would say, 'Well, then you need to go home and read your Bible cover to cover and then we'll come back and discuss it. And that's where we're at this morning. If you've read your Bible cover to cover, and you know the word of God, then you won't be deceived in the age that we live. And the one thing that struck me, you all, I mean, if you're listening to messages on YouTube or anything, you you all know what I'm about to say. Something will try to sneak in. And the one thing I was noticing about today's events is going to go on this afternoon is people actually trying to make the Catholic Church seem like it's a good thing. And I was just shaking my head. And I was uh and I was thinking obviously they never read the Fox's book of martyrs or Hops two Babylons. Now Hops two Babylons would not be a book that a lot of people would enjoy reading. It's dry. It's long. You have to cross reference everything it talks about. But if you read Fox's Book of Martyr, it's it can be a little hard to read, too. But it's easier to read. And I I just pulled out something. These these are the principles of faith that John Wickcliffe taught. And I don't know if you all know who John Wickcliffe was. He comes a couple of hundred years before Tinddale. This is 12th 13th century England. And I I don't know. These are some basic tenants of what John Wcliffe believed and what the people in his day believed. And to remember, they didn't actually burn him at the stake, but years later they took his bones and body and then burned him at the stake and threw him out. But this is his articles of faith this morning. And uh this will this is what they were putting people to death over. And I and I hear people talk about how the Catholic Church brought the the Bible through the dark ages. And I just shake my head and I and I my mind comes to remembrance. They weren't burning people at the stake because they believed the word of God. They were burning people at the stake because they had the written word of God in their own language. And this is what I don't know why I'm saying this. This is what John Wickcliffe these are some of the principles of his holy teaching. And all of you believe this in one way or the other. Forgive my pronunciation. The Holy Eucharist after the consecration is not the very body of Christ. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That's that's a truth. We all take communion, but the church, the Orthodox, and the Romans, what have you believe that they can actually bring down a living God and sacrifice him every Sunday in mass? And and I'm not afraid if they hear me. Obviously, this is on YouTube and some people wouldn't like what I just said. And they go to say the church of Rome is not the the church of Rome is not the head of all churches more than any churches. And and nor that Peter had any more power given of Christ than any other apostle had. And it really strikes me that's why you have to know the word of God this morning. You have to know the scriptures. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Peter said in the the two epistles of Peter, he said what he said about Paul is true. He said that people wrestled with the scriptures that taught by Paul to their own destruction. So he testified to the fact that the Paul was the prophetic voice of the word of God for his day and age. And Paul actually said too, you follow Christ as I follow Christ. He never made himself more than what he actually was. And he goes and another one is the pope of Rome has no more in the keys of the church than has than any other within the order of the priesthood. So the pope is no more important than any other minister of God. Now do I look at the pope as a minister of God? No, I don't look at the pope as a minister of God. The gospel is is a rule sufficient of itself to rule the life of every Christian. The gospel itself, the word of God is in itself able to rule the lives of Christians. You don't need another outside force to tell you how to live your life anymore. And he goes on, all other rules under the whose observations and diverse religious persons be governed. You add no more perfection to the gospel than do the white color on a wall. So he's saying whatever they tell you, if it can't come through the word of God, you could paint all the walls you want with what they say, it doesn't mean anything. &gt;&gt; And and the last thing he says, neither the pope nor any other prelate of the church ought to be have prisons wherein to punish transgressors. So he was basically saying that no church has the power to imprison people for what they believe the gospel says. And uh I'll just read what brother Brandham had to say. And it really struck me. You know, the only reason they gave the our Catholic Bible out to the the the Catholics realized if they didn't put the Bible together and give it to their parishioners, the only Bibles that the world would have is the King James version, the Luther version, or whatever language that the Protestants were putting the Bible in. So they at the end they realized that they didn't give the prayer book and the the the Roman scriptures out to the people that they wouldn't have anything to fight Protestantism with. But I'll just I'll just read what brother Brandham had to say this morning and sit down. And the other thing that struck me is I was just thinking politically wise, I can see our own country being isolated. Eventually, it'll be isolated, but I'll just see, you know, I'll just read what Brother Brandham had to say. I read that I listened to that message, Doors and Doors this morning. I listened to some other messages, but it really this is I'll just read what he had to say here and sit down and I keep on talking. And I apologize for that. Now you people talking about getting the Holy Ghost on how you have to wait so long. Here you are until God receives that sacrifice until it's laid on his judgment there. That's what I was saying soon as I first thing I said when I started look and live. You got to look to that sacrifice. You just don't have to look to it, but it has to transcend into your heart and soul this morning. And he says until this judgment has actually killed your senses. That goes to what I was saying there. Everything that you are, the old man has to die. Everything's got to be dead this morning. You might say, "Well, I'm going to turn a new page." That goes to what I said last week. You know, it's not just okay. You have to be a new creature in Christ. That ain't it. Well, I know I used to smoke. I'm going to quit smoking. No, that that that is that still isn't it? Until God receives the sacrifice on his brass altar. His altar is judgment. What is his judgment? Death. That's the penalty. And that death is not our physical death. Well, that's our spiritual death to ourselves so that Christ can come into our hearts and live. And then it goes on to say, "The soul that sinnth, it remains and it shall die." I don't care what you've done. Jesus said, "Many will come to me on that say, 'Lord, haven't I done this or done that?" Goes back to what I was reading about what Whitcliffe had to say and what Jesus told the people in his day and age. They were all looking at the wrong things. The right thing to look at is Christ himself. That's the only thing that you can count on in this world is you have to look to Christ himself. No church, not that church is a bad thing, but our hope and everything that we are is built on that fundamental that everything I need is in Christ itself this morning. The soul that sinnth it remains of that shall die. I don't care what you've done. Jesus said, "Many will come to me in that day and say, Lord, haven't I done this and done that?" You say, "Depart from me, you workers of iniquity." You see, that's really important that you don't take a false faith or a false idea, but that you take the true word of God, that you're not deceived on that day. And when the sacrifice is received by fire, then it goes up. That smoke goes up. You rise up with your sacrifice into the heavenlies. You're sealed away from the things of the world. Then our soul is on the altar. It goes to what Jesus was saying in that chapter, too. I might be broken up, but as I see I was they're rewriting history this morning and I I'm not rewriting but world wants to re history and forget all the things that happened in the past and it's not true. You it's either the word of God or it's nothing. If you're believing something that can't come through holy through the message of the hour and the word of God, then you're holding on to something that doesn't have life in it this morning. And what we need this morning is just God himself and the word of God. Brother Devin Uh, I'm gonna get started with a word of prayer because I've never done this before. So, I'm really, really, really, really nervous. So, we're just going to do a word of prayer quick. If you want to play softly, Sister Becky. Dear Lord, we just come before you, Lord, just thanking you for this opportunity, Lord, to come to your house, Lord, and to worship you, Lord Jesus. Lord, we just want to invite your spirit here, Lord. I just pray that you would walk the aisles of this of this church, Lord, and the aisles of our hearts, Lord. Lord, I just pray that we could come with with open hearts, Lord, just willing and ready to receive your word, Lord. I just pray for the song service. I just pray that it could be um in your will, Lord. I just pray that we could all get out of the way, Lord, and just to um worship you here, Lord Jesus. We just pray this all in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] Let's sing How Great Thou. [Music] Oh Lord my God, when I in awome wonder consider all the world thy hands have made. I see the stars. I hear the rolling thunder thy power throughout the universe display. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. When through the woods and forest glades I wonder and hear the birds sing sweetly in the trees. When I look down from lofty mountain grander and near the road and feel the gentle breeze, then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. [Music] How great thou are. [Applause] How great thou are. And when I think that God is son not fairing, send him to die. My scares can take it in. That on the cross my burden gladly burying. He bled and died to take away my sin. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. [Music] How great thou are. and sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou art, how great thou are. [Music] When Christ shall come with a shout of acclamation [Music] and take me home. What joy shall fill my heart. Then I shall bow in humble adoration. And there claim my God, how great thou are. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. [Music] How great thou are. How great thou are. and sings my soul, my savior God to thee. [Music] How great thou are. How great thou are. Amen. Let's do here I am to worship. Light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. [Music] Beauty that made this heart adore you. Hope of a life spend with you. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. A stand k king of all days. Oh so highly exalted. Glorious in heaven above. Humbly you came to the earth. You cated all for love's sake became poor. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to be. I'll never know how much it costs to see my sin upon that cross. I'll never know how much it costs to see my sin upon that cross. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful [Music] to me. Sing the chorus again. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Amen. Let's do in Christ alone. [Music] In Christ alone, my hope is found. He is my light, my strength, my song. Cornerstone, this solid ground, firm through the fiercest drought and storm. What heights of love, what depths of peace, when fears are still, when striving sees, my comforter, my all in all. Here in the love of Christ, I stand. In Christ alone who took on flesh, fullness of God in helpless faith. This gift of love and righteousness scorned by the ones he came to save. Till on that cross say as Jesus died, the wrath of God was satisfied. For every sin on him was laid. Here in the death of Christ I live. There in the ground his body lay light of the world by darkness slain. Then bursting forth in glorious day. Up from the grave he rose again. And as he stands in victory, sin's curse has lost its grip on me. For I am his and he is mine, bought with the precious blood of Christ. No guilt in life, no fear in death. This is the power of Christ in me. From life's first Christ to final breath. Jesus commands my destiny. [Music] No power of hell, no scheme of man can ever plug me from his hand till he returns or calls me home here in the power of Christ. Let's do a third verse again. There in the ground his body lay light of the world by darkness slaying. Then bursting forth a glorious day. Up from the grave he rose again. And as he stands in victory, sin's curse has lost his grip on me. For I am his and he is mine, bought with the precious blood of Christ. [Music] Amen. Let's go ahead and sing at Calvary. [Music] Years I spend in vanity and pride. Caring not my Lord was crucified. knowing not it was for me he died on Cal [Music] mercy there was great and grace was free there was multiply to me let my burdens His soul found liberty at Calary. By God's word, at last my sin I learned. Then I trembled at the law. Not till my guilty soul imploring turn to calary. Mercy there was great and grace was free. heart and air was multiply to me. There my burden soft and liberty at Calary. [Music] Now I've given to Jesus everything. Now I gladly own him as my king. Now my raptured soul can only sing of Calary. Mercy there was great and grace was free. heart and there was multiply to me. There my burden soul found liberty at Calary. [Music] Oh the love that drew salvation plan. Oh, the grace that brought it down to men. Oh, the mighty gold that God is spent at Calvary. [Music] Mercy there was great and grace was free. heart and there was multiply to me. There my burden soul found liberty at Calary. Do the course again. Mercy there was great and grace was free. heart and there was multiplied to me. There my burden soul found liberty at Calary. Amen. Power in the blood. Power in the blood. Would you be free from your burden of sin? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Would you or evil of victory win? There's wonderful power in the blood. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. [Music] Would you be free from your passion and pride? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Come for a cleansing to Calary's son. There's wonderful power in the blood. [Music] There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. [Applause] There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. [Music] Would you be wer, much wer than snow? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Sin stains are lost in its lifegiving flow. There's wonderful power in the blood. [Music] There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Would you do service for Jesus your king? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Could you lift daily his praises to sing? There's wonderful power in the blood. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. [Music] If you've lost your joy and needing strength, if you've lost your joy, sorry, and you're needing strength, whatever. Whatever you feel, whatever you think, praise Jesus out loud till you're no longer bound. Cuz when the praises go up, the glory comes down. When the praises go up, the glory comes down. In the midst of our praise, sweet victory is found. Heaven will hear and echo the sound. When the praises go up, the glory comes down. God made us for joy and he made us for praise. With voices to sing and hands we can raise like mist from the earth that comes back as rain. Our praises return as blessings again. When the praises go up, the glory comes down. In the midst of our praise, sweet victory is found. [Music] Heaven will hear and echo the sound. When the praises go up, the glory comes down. [Music] God, I know you listen and you hear your people pray. So I promise you will hear my voice every day. Praising your name. Praising your name. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Praise him. When the prices go up, the glory comes down. When the praises go up, the glory comes down. In the midst of our praise, sweet victory is found. Heaven will hear and echo the sound. When the praises go up, the glory comes down. When the praises go up up, &gt;&gt; the glory comes down. [Applause] &gt;&gt; I don't need it. All right, we're going to lift the offering next. Uh, Brother Carson, Brother Sean, Brother Paul, would you come? Uh we have one prayer request. Uh remember Laura's dad in prayer. He's sick with COVID and has to take care of her mother. Um we understand her mother has cancer. So we don't want that to to rub off on her. And uh there will be choir practice after this service. So, um, if you have a need, let it be known to the Lord with uplifted hands. Um, Brother Ber, would you come pray over these needs? Lord Jesus, we come before you this morning, Lord, and these special requests that was mentioned, Father, we pray, God, that this person would be healed, Lord Jesus, of this COVID, Father, so that the other person wouldn't get it. We ask God for your tender hand and your mercy, Father, to come down in a special way, Lord, in each each one of our lives this morning, Father. And Father, we open up our hearts. We open up our minds, Lord, for you to speak to us, Lord Jesus, in a few minutes, Father. And we just ask, God, for a special anointing, Lord, of real freedom this morning, Lord Jesus, to worship you in spirit and in truth, Father. We ask, God, you'll bless this offering now, Lord, may may be used for your purpose, Lord Jesus, and bring an honor and glory to you, Father. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; And then after I'm done here, Brother Tommy will have a special. But let's sing when the roll is called up yonder. [Music] When the trumpet of the Lord shall sound, and time shall be no more. And the morning breaks eternal bright and fair. When the saved earth shall gather over on the other shore, then the roll is called up yonder. I'll be there. When the roll is caught up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. [Music] When the roll is called up yonder. I'll be there on that bright and cloudless morning when the dead in Christ shall rise and the glory of his resurrection share. and his chosen one shall gather to their home beyond the skies. And the roll is called up yonder. I'll be there. When the roll is called of yonder. When the roll is called of yonder. When the roll is called of yonder. When the roll is called of yonder, I'll be there. Let us labor for the master. From the dawn till setting sun. Let us talk of all his wondrous love and care. Then when all of life is over and our work on earth is done and the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called of y. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there. [Music] Hello. &gt;&gt; Can y'all hear me? Oh man. Boy, it's been like uh two years since I've been up here. Uh I thought, you know, the Lord has a pretty good sense of humor. I'll just start out with a little testimony how this all came about and why I am back up here. You know, Devin when he got asked to sing specials, I mean sing, you know, and I I we was just sitting there talking in the truck and I'm like, you know, you can sing a couple songs, you know, have you some specials, you know, and this and that and it was like immediately pricricked my heart. And uh I I probably wrote this song like two years ago. Uh and you know, the reason why I haven't never sung it is because you know, you can build up complexes. We can build up fears, you know, and and God started dealing with me on, you know, the same thing originally when I got up here. Y'all might remember when I got up here, you know, the Lord gave me that scripture, fear not, neither be dismayed, be courageous, you know, and I'm reading in my Bible. It just so happened I'd been praying about it because I told him, I ain't committing to this. How's it sound out there? I got this little earpiece in here. I don't know how y'all sound good. I'm trying to get used to this. But anyway, uh uh yeah. Uh, I'm like, uh, I'm reading my Bible and I I just so happened, you know, I hadn't said nothing out loud and I'm just praying about it and I just so happened to be halfway through the last chapter of Deuteronomy and open up in Joshua 1, he says it like multiple times, be courageous, fear not. I'm like, all right, okay. Because I'm like, Lord have mercy. Well, here we go. But anyway, uh, so here I am. The Lord has a sense of humor. You know, he started dealing with me, you know, on being courageous, you know, for our young folks, everybody else that, you know, because even when I committed into my heart that night when I decided, okay, I'm going to go on singing special. We're going to send it. Man, I couldn't sleep all night. Here I am tossing and turning. So, I'm just going to go on and tell you, you know, we we can get wrapped up in all these fears, but you know, we're more than overcomers in Christ Jesus. We are to cast down reasoning, cast down imaginations, bring everything subject to the word of God because, you know, who Christ sets free is free indeed. And he just started ministering to my heart. You know, it's easy for me to sit out there and praise God in my pew and wave my handkerchief of victory and praise, you know, but what about sacrificing and tithing a little bit of myself and getting out of the way that, you know, he inhabits the praise of his people that I can get up here, you know, you might be a great musician and get up here and sing you praises from the from the top and blessed be the name of the Lord for those gifts, but what about, you know, the little Schumanite lady that gave all that she had? They gave out abundance of her heart. What if we come and give God 110% and give everything you got for the king because he's worthy to be praised? And I just love my Lord Jesus, you know, and I'm coming up on four years this Thanksgiving that I about died and God's changed my whole life and filled me, healed me, sealed me, filled me with the Holy Ghost. And just uh it's just been such a such a journey for me, you know, and I I called this song Walking with Jesus. And I can just tell you, you know, our little outreach, you know, walking with Jesus outreach, you know, here we are a Mark 16 church, a book of Acts church. We're walking with Jesus just like the apostles did, you know, and my inspiration came years ago when I wrote this was, you know, walking with Jesus down this old winding road that we call life, you know, while we're whining and dining, you know, and whining and dining. And I was talk I was thinking about, you know, here we are drinking off this everpresent rock, this inexhaustible fountain of life, this this wine, this stimulation of re revelation, you know, we're we're dining around the master's table, the the broken body of Christ that brings the bread of life to us that we're we're eating on this revealed word for our day. &gt;&gt; And we count it such a privilege and honor, Lord Jesus, that we can sit here and know who we are because we know who he is. We know who he is because he sent us a messenger, a revelations 10:7, a voice, a trumpet to call us out, call us back into Christ Jesus. And it's just got this fire shut up in my bones. I ain't no singer. I ain't nothing. But, you know, I sit up here in my upper room and just play on old guitar. Praise God. Just like I told y'all from the beginning. Got rid of Tik Tok or Instagram and all these different things. I do have Instagram for business now. But anyway, I got rid of all that. Uh, and picked up the guitar, you know. And I ain't trying to sit here and act like I'm something I'm not. What I like to do is praise my Lord Jesus. And you know, we can give him everything we got. And you know, I'm I might went a little bit long, but I still this morning I I had this devotional. I just wanted to read this to y'all because this is this is this is good for all of us. And he said he came to Jericho and he went out of Jericho with his disciples and a great number of people, blind Barnameus, the son of Timus. And he sat in the highway at the side begging. And when they had heard him, it was Jesus of Nazareth. He began to cry out and say, "Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me." And and he and he charged him that he should hold his peace. And he cried out the more a great deal. You know, that's what we ought to do today. Whatever you have need of, if you need healing, if you need deliverance, whatever it might be, he's here. Cry out to Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Glory. And so you c you cry out to Jesus. You know, he cried out to more a great deal. Thou son of David, have mercy on me. And Jesus stood still and commanded him. And he called him and they and they called the blind man and saying unto him, "Be of good comfort. Rise for the master callest for thee." He he casting down away his garment rose up and come to Jesus. And Jesus answered and said unto him, "What wil thou that I should do unto thee?" And the blind man said unto him, Lord, that I might receive my sight. And Jesus said unto him, "Go thy way. Thy faith have made thee whole." And immediately he received his sight and followed Jesus in the way. He was walking with Jesus right in the way. And the quote of the day that went with that on the family altar, it said, "Action your faith put in action." What good is it to do for you to do to read of a historical God that he isn't the same God today? What what good is it to do to read about an old George Washington if he's dead and gone? It's just a history fact. But Jesus raised from the dead and he's still here the same today. What good does it do for you to have a painting fire to a freezing man? Show him a picture of a nice big warm fire that of a man freezing. That's something that was that's what the people are trying to to keep you alive today. No wonder the the we got a failure in America and of religion. No wonder the magazines say spiritual is all gone a burst is is because they failed to represent the right thing. They're not they're not teaching them they're teaching them a historical God. But what we need today is a God of resurrected from the dead and on hand right now to do whatever he promised he would to do to confirm his word. And we need delegates out there in the audience right here right now in Evening Light Tabernacle. We need delegates that will out audience who will we who's willing to rest their soul on the word that God said and put it into action. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's what we need today. That's what we need. men and women who will stand on the forefront there and call the devil a liar and say Jesus Christ stripped you and robbed you and of every right you had and I'm in Jesus Christ and the world belongs to me. Amen. What good is it to have a bird in with have wings as long as he's caught up in a cage. He can't fly. He don't need no wings. If you got him in a cage, that's the way a lot of people are today. They're caged up and taught the days of miracles of past, you know. And what good does it do to you to to what good your wings doing for you? What good your faith doing for you if you can't turn it loose? What good your faith going to do if you can't put it into action? Certainly. If I believe Jesus Christ today, I put him in action. Amen. He lives today. He's the same Jesus. Certainly he is. If the blind Barnameus can trust him, I can too. If the woman with the blood issue can touch him, I could too. I can. For he is willing and open. He's begging and accepting whosoever will, let him come and drink of the waters freely. And what we need today is a revival of that type. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh boy. A little nervous and shaky. Does it sound good to y'all? Well, we're going to kick off here in a second, boys. Y'all just hang on to buckle up. Keep your arms and leg rides. Keep your arms and legs in the ride at all times. All right. [Music] Yes, I'm walking with Jesus down this winding road. We're winding and ding the time of our lives. I want to sing a new song of praise. And in my song is amazing grace. It's amazing grace. How sweet the sound that says like you like me. I once was lost but now I'm found. I was blind but now I see. Yes, I'm walking with Jesus at the time of my life. Because he's the truth, the way, and the life. I love you, oh Lord, because you first love me, and you pulled on my old heartstrings. And now I can say that I'm walking with Jesus, having the time of my life. Recall he's the truth, the way, and the life. He said he's the same yesterday, today, forever, and always. Be thou courageous and be thou strong. Fear not. Only believe. I love you, my son. I want you to know. You can take my words everywhere you go. I'll always be right by right by your side. I'll be with you even in you to the end of the world. Yes, I'm walking with Jesus. Having the time of my life, I love him more. The father we go. Lord help me as I surrender to you. So you can walk with me and even in me too. Oh Lord, I love you Lord. I love you Lord more than words can describe. And you know it's from the inside because you place that seed Lord way down in me because I'm from eternity. And I love to sing of your praises, Lord. Amazing grace. Oh, how sweet the sound that says like you and me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. It's amazing grace that saved me. It set me free. And I can worship him in spirit and truth. For who Christ sets free is free indeed. And I love to sing of your praises. I love you Jesus. Lord Jesus, I love to praise your holy name. Oh, magnify the king of glory and shout out how much you love to praise him. Praise you, Lord. I love you, Lord. I love to praise your holy name. [Music] [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; Well, glory to God. &gt;&gt; If I could only try, but blessed be his name. Oh man, sweating bullets up here, boys. It's hot. I think he worked himself up a little bit. Amen. He'll get the hang of it. You'll get the hang of it. You got to do it more often, Brother Tommy. You Amen. Give him a hand. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. I think when my one more thing I'll say before we stand. Amen. Hope hopefully nobody's in a hurry this morning, right? Because if you are, you may be in trouble. So anyway, so amen. I think when Micah used to go see Grace, didn't they used to say it's nice to have Kentucky with us? No, they said yeah, they down there. They say always say good to have Kentucky with us. So we're going to say it's good to have Indiana with us this morning. Amen. Brother Gersham. Always good to have him with us. Amen. God bless you, brother Gersham. Amen. God bless you this morning. How many is just going to pull from the gift of God now? Let's stand if you will with me. Let's sing uh here's my cup, Lord. I lift it up. Amen. As brother Brad comes and brings the word. Here's my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench the thirsting of my soul. [Music] Bread of heaven. Fit me till I want no more. It's all yours, brother. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. and make me whole. Once again, with all your hearts, let's just sing to him. Oh, fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this my soul. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Aren't you thankful there's somebody that can make you whole this morning? It's good to be in the house of the Lord and thank for all the pre-ervice, man. Brother Devin, great job. My I tell you what, thank we're just thankful God sends us good young talent &gt;&gt; to one of these days fill some of these old shoes. So, we're certain, brother Steve, you you know what I mean? We're just getting older and and uh all of us. So, good musicians. We appreciate you and we appreciate the songs that we're sang and thankful for that. But we're now we're go here to the most important part of the service. &gt;&gt; This is the most important part. And so, we're going to set aside some time. Now, y'all y'all eat into my time, okay? So don't don't blame me when we go to 1:00 1:15 cuz y'all eat into my time. So uh I'm not going to rush. I'm just going to go with what the way we feel led because I believe the Lord's really got something good for us in store for us this morning. And I believe he wants to speak to our hearts this morning. And I believe he wants to just pull us in close and and uh talk to us this morning. So, my my title, if they've got that up, I want to speak on the the house of restoration. The house of restoration. Now, we could take this as a part seven in our series. Uh, and it'll go right along with kind of where we're at. Uh, but I didn't really intend it that way or the Lord didn't it just come to me through the last week and a half or so to start sharing this. So, while you're standing, I want I like to read a quote to to start a foundation. So, if you'll just uh listen and pay attention for just a minute and we'll get right into the scriptures. But the prophet says to restore, it means to bring back or to restore. He said a claim that can be enforced. He said now to bring anything back to its rightful owner where it belongs. Therefore, some way it went away from its rightful ownership and can wander around anywhere. But to restore is to bring it back to who really owns it or to bring it back to its natural estate where it was at the first time. Bring it back into its natural condition. Are you with me? And in order to do this, we have to have a right to enforce. So we have to have a right to enforce. Now, if there is a law to enforce this rightful condition of restoration to restore, he said it's like if somebody stole property, brothers, I'm getting a little bit of rebound up here. It's kind of echoey. If somebody stole some property and they're holding the property captive, he said, then you can take the law and go to that person and the law forces and forces this person to restore this property back to its natural owner and to its first estate. He says enforcement and he's excited. He says enforcement. He said what a text. I'd like to stay on that for two days to enforce. He says enforce. We have a privilege to enforce upon Satan the claims that God has given us. &gt;&gt; For God has a law. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is where it gets good. For God has a law and his word is a law. And God in his word made certain claims to the church. &gt;&gt; Who's he speaking to? &gt;&gt; Us. &gt;&gt; The bride. The church. God made certain claims to the church. Therefore, we have a right to force these claims upon Satan and say, "Give it back. &gt;&gt; Give it back." And he has to do it. [Applause] You've got a right to force claims upon Satan this morning. And he has to do it. He says, "Because we can take God's agent." Oh, I like this. The Holy Spirit and go right down on our knees and say, "It's thus saith the Lord." &gt;&gt; Now, did you catch how rich that was? That ain't That ain't whole milk. That's chocolate milk right there. This is good right here. He says you can take God's agent, the Holy Spirit, go right down on our knees and say, "It's thus sayeth the Lord." He's got to give it up cuz the Holy Spirit is there to make him do it. &gt;&gt; The law of the land is to enforce and it's by the land for the land. But the law of the spirit of God is to force Satan to give it up that which he has unrightfully &gt;&gt; and deceitfully &gt;&gt; taken from God. &gt;&gt; Souls of men from of God, souls of women, souls of children, sickness of the body, he places upon the people where God made them in his image to be like him. And the church is given the rightful legal rights by the Bible to take the Holy Spirit and enforce this upon him. That's powerful. That's powerful when we realize the power that God has given us through the agent of the Holy Spirit. Do you know what an agent is? An agent is one who is sent to carry out that which he's been told to do. Turn with me if you would into Psalms 51. Psalms 51 and verse 10. Very familiar scripture here. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Cast me not away from thy presence, and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore, restore unto me the joy of thy salvation, and uphold me with thy free spirit. Brother Austin, can you pull up Malachi real quick? Malachi 4. Very familiar scripture. We know it by heart. And if he can't get it up, I'm going to read it. If he can't get it up before I get to it, there. There we go. For behold, the day cometh that shall burn as an oven, and and all the proud, yay, and all that do wickedly shall be stubble. And the day cometh that shall burn them up, sayaeth the Lord of hosts, that it shall leave them neither root nor branch. Oh, we had the wrong one. Let's go to five. I knew it wasn't sounding right. Four, five, and six. There we go. Behold, I send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. Next, and he shall what? Turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the hearts of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we're just thankful, Lord, to be in your house once again just to just to feel your presence, feel your anointing, and the people that's come hungering for more of you this morning and just wants a closer walk, whatever the need in their life would be. And Lord, we just ask that you would just move through the congregation this morning that you would just come and woo amongst your people, Lord, and and just see what what the needs of the people are, whether there's sickness or whether there's uh a hindrance or there's a backslider or whatever it may be. If there's somebody that needs more of you, whatever the situation may be, Lord, we just ask that you would come and speak to us, that you would move, that you would just restore all that's been lost and prepare us in this hour we're living in. We love you, Lord, with all of our hearts in Jesus' name. You can have your seats, the house of restoration. So brothers and sisters, I looking at this and as the Lord been kind of dealing with me on this topic and I thought we live in a world that is full of broken things. &gt;&gt; We live in a world that is full of broken relationships. It's it's full of broken dreams and broken hearts and broken spirits and broken homes. &gt;&gt; Think about it. That's the condition of this world we're living in. But I can tell you one of the most beautiful and the most powerful truths in all of God's word is that our God is in the business of restoration. He is a he is a restorer of his people and he loves to restore that which has been lost, that which has been broken, that which is in shambles. Now the house of God we know is a house of correction. The house of God is a house of healing. The house of God is a house of worship and a house of praise. But thank God this morning that we can come to a house, the house of God that is a house of restoration in an hour when we need more of God. &gt;&gt; The scriptures are just full of the stories of restorative power and and his his relentless love. And we see it in the lives of individuals as as God begins to deal with individuals throughout the scriptures. And he he deals with individuals from the beginning all the way to the end. And even in now where we live, he's dealing with individuals that are broken, that are hurt, that have been damaged. How many's ever thought, I'm nothing but damaged goods? &gt;&gt; Sure we have. But God deals with those people and he puts his love. He tenderly puts those people back together. &gt;&gt; He doesn't leave his people in shambles. &gt;&gt; God's not going to leave you brokenhearted. He's not going to leave you distressed. He's not going to leave you out wandering around in the wilderness if you're one of his. So when God begins to deal with you, when God begins to pull on your heart and tug at your heartstrings, it's because he's tenderly trying to pull you back into the fold and say, "Come, my child. Come, my child. Get close to me. Get warm by me." And God begins to do this and he looks and we can see that he comes in and he takes entire nations. Think about it in the Bible. He's took an entire nation, the children of Israel, and put them into a restorative state and said, "I have given you this promised land. Now all you have to do is stand up on the word and go get what's rightfully yours." Set your claim upon the devil. You think, "Well, that sounds easy." There was two that believed. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, you you you're saying it's there." It is there, but you got to believe it. &gt;&gt; You got to put it in action. You got to put it in word. You got to put it in your prayers and you go before the word of God with the word and see if things don't come to pass. every one of those accounts, individuals and and the nations and and the people Elijah and David and and we could go on and Samson and Shamgar and all these all these heroes we hear about. God had to come down and and use those guys as as an account of a shining beacon of hope to the world as we know it. Without these stories, where would we be? Without God moving in their lives and somebody pinning it on paper, where would we be? But he cares enough to share what he's looking to do in this hour. So this morning, let's just look over God's shoulder. Let's just look over God's shoulder this morning. And and we'll see him if we'll let him. We'll watch him mend broken relationships. We can watch him mend broken homes. We can watch him mend lives that are in ruins if we'll just watch and let him move and let him breathe a life and let him breathe a purpose of what he wants for us to be. People who were absolutely hopeless, God pulls them in. And I love when the prophet brings this into such simplicity. You know, he he tells a story and and you know, sometimes I hate to call them stories because in our minds a story is a sometimes a we could say a story is sometimes fictional. Well, this is a non-fiction story. That's right. I have to always get that right. Not fake. This is real. &gt;&gt; When he tells these stories, they really happened. He's not making it up to to candy coat it or to make you think it's something going to happen that that can't happen. But he tells these stories to encourage our faith. To help us to believe, to help us to realize that God moves in everyday situations. It's not just in the life of David. It's not just in the life of Samson. &gt;&gt; It's not just in the children of Israel, but it's in Tommy Richmond. It's in John Ler. It's in Aaron Foster. It's in these kind of people that God moves today. He says a brother comes to Louisville and he says he comes up here from comes up here from Georgia and he left his car sitting out there and he said he left his car out there and somebody stole it. And he said he had everything he had in that car. All of his clothes, his wife's clothes, his children's clothes. He said everything that they had brought to those meetings. He said this poor brother, he said he drives 700 miles where and 700 miles home to come to the meetings and somebody's done stole his car. He said what? He didn't know what to do. How many of you would would think, man, I'm 700 miles from home. My luggage is gone. All of my toiletries is gone. Everything, all my clothes, my kids, my kids clothes, my wife. We What are we going to do? How are we going to get home? We're in the 60s, 50s, and 60s here. He said he turned it into the police, but they had a big racket going on in Louisville. He said, "Yeah." He said, "They had a big racket going on up there in Louisville." They said, "You could steal a car. Police couldn't figure it out. They could steal a car and they could make a title for it in a few minutes. Put whatever number you wanted on that car and sell it," he said. So, he didn't know what to do. He turned it into the police. He said, "So, we got down on our knees." He said, "Well, where are you going with this?" He we got down on our knees. He said, "So then we had a scripture here where Jesus said, Paul restores the word. The brother Brandham restores the word that Paul preached and it builds our faith." I've been saying that for the last two months. The word builds our faith. &gt;&gt; The scripture builds our faith. You want a closer relationship with God? Go to him with the word. Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm going to show you. &gt;&gt; Jesus said, "Wherever two or more are gathered in my name, if they will agree, I'll be in their midst. And if they will agree on touching any one certain thing and ask it, &gt;&gt; and don't doubt it, they shall have what they asked, it will be given to them." &gt;&gt; It didn't just say, "If you're sick, if you're in dire need, He said, "If they will agree on any one thing and touch it and believe it and don't doubt it, they can have it." &gt;&gt; How many has a need this morning? &gt;&gt; Hands all over the building. We're needy people. &gt;&gt; This is what he says. Now, there's the law. Oh, here we go. Back to law. I like law. Law. I love grace. We need grace. We need mercy. Grace. We need all the grace and mercy we can get. I do. But the law is the law. When the law speaks, something has to answer. &gt;&gt; And he said, now there's a law. Now, the one that's here to enforce that law is the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; How many believes that? &gt;&gt; Good. Let me ask you again, and everybody raise their hand. How many believes that? Amen. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Because listen what he says. How about people who don't believe in the Holy Spirit that would reject him? &gt;&gt; Yeah. He says, "You're rejecting your own peace and mercy." &gt;&gt; God sent an agent called the Holy Spirit. It's on us as believers to believe that agent, the Holy Spirit, is working under the leadership of God Almighty. &gt;&gt; And if we can't believe that, all we're doing is saying, "We don't need his grace. We don't need his peace. We don't need his love. We don't need his mercy." &gt;&gt; Do you see why we need the Holy Spirit in our lives? Do you see why the young people in our churches need the Holy Spirit in their lives? That's why we welcome the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; That's why we sing those songs. Welcome, Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Be here in our presence. Fill us with your power. Live inside of me. We welcome that Holy Spirit. He said, "We went down on our knees, about five of us men, and we pleaded the case before God." [Music] &gt;&gt; That's the problem. Some of us are not willing to go down on our knees and plead before God what our needs are. &gt;&gt; And I took the word. Now watch what he says. We pleaded the case before God and I took the word or the promise. H and I sent it forth. He took the word. What was the word? What do you think the word was? He didn't tell us what scripture he used, but I can't help but to think the scripture that he used would have been the one he referenced at the beginning. wherever two or more are gathered in his name and they agree. I have to believe that's probably what what he was going to. But he said, "I took the word I took the word and the or the promise and sent it forth and the great Holy Spirit took the word." You see why I say the word answers the word? &gt;&gt; You want to hear from God, go take scripture to him. He wants to hear that. I believe that by your stripes I'm healed. He wants to hear that I know that I'm a child of God because you saved me on Calvary. &gt;&gt; He wants to hear that love conversation between us. &gt;&gt; I took the spirit. I took the word. The promise sent it forth. The great spirit. He took the word. You know what he said the great spirit did with the word? He said he took that word and he served a summons. Some of us need to send a summons out to the devil. &gt;&gt; He said he sent out a summons and he looked at it. He sent out a summons and the vision broke. What was he doing? Word talking to word. &gt;&gt; Sending out a summons to tell him what was going on. And then the vision broke open. He said, "And that vision broke open. I seen a man in a yellow shirt driving that truck towards Bowling Green, Kentucky. &gt;&gt; He said, I saw him come back there and he said, I saw the spirit come upon him and I saw the spirit condemn him and he turned that truck around. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; When you go on your knees &gt;&gt; before God and you begin to take the word and say, "God, I know you can deliver my needs. I know you can meet my need. I know I need healing. And I know you're a healer. I know I need my kids. I know you're a deliverer." And you begin to put out that summons. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Something has to break loose. He said he turned that truck around and he said, "I saw it and I saw him park it and I raised up and I said, "Brethren, this is thus sayaeth the Lord. You'll find that truck parked across the river." Now, how would you like to been the one going on that goose chase? Can you imagine? Hey, get your old car. get you get you jalapy. Let's go find my truck. It's over there on the other side of the river. And they pull up there. He says they go down. They started out and they went down that road and there set that car. &gt;&gt; He said, "There set that car half empty of gasoline." It had a full tank, but now it set with a half empty tank, enough to get him to halfway to Bowling Green and back to Louisville. God is mindful of each and every situation we're in. So when we're going through the hardships and we're going through the struggles and the trials, it's up to us to believe that God can restore no matter what that situation is. He says here it was. What was it? What was it? He said it was enforcing. So we said give it back. &gt;&gt; He said that's what we're talking about. Restore it. bring it back to its rightful owner because Satan has robbed you of your privileges. &gt;&gt; He's here to do what? Steal, kill, destroy. &gt;&gt; We can never forget that. We can never say that enough because that identifies who our who our enemy is. And when we're fighting in this battle, we have to be able to not note and notify Satan. I'm not open for your games. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm a child of God. I have the right to enforce. I am a privileged person. Somebody say, "I'm privileged." &gt;&gt; You are a privileged son and daughter of God. And we have a right this morning by the Holy Spirit to enforce the claim. Bring it back. He says, "So if you're afflicted, oh brothers and sisters, if you are afflicted, bring it back. &gt;&gt; Bring back my health. Bring back my my my my body." If you have a right before God that you can say, "By his stripes, &gt;&gt; I am healed. &gt;&gt; Bring it back, Satan. Bring it back." If you're sitting here depressed, tell Satan, "Satan, give it back. Give me back my joy." &gt;&gt; If you're sitting here unhappy, Satan, give me back my happiness. &gt;&gt; I'm sending a summon to you. &gt;&gt; Show up in court because I've got the best lawyer on the face of the earth. &gt;&gt; Bring back what you've stole. Give me back my happiness. Restore the joy of my salvation. &gt;&gt; You know, it's sometimes people don't understand. They don't realize when when we were up here preaching. Not trying to scare you, but we can see through you sometimes. &gt;&gt; Right, brother Ber? We can see if you're depressed. &gt;&gt; We see anxiety. We rub shoulders with it. We have experienced it because we have to fight it. &gt;&gt; We see if you're backsliding. &gt;&gt; Some I think I'm going to preach this way. Brother Ber, &gt;&gt; we see if your homes are in disarray. &gt;&gt; That's right. I I want y'all to come back to church. Now, I'm not. But we begin to see these things. And the prophet tells us when we tell Satan to give it back, we're enforcing. He said it's it's to restore back to its natural condition. Now, I want you to listen to what he says. A man that is sick, a baby is sick, a woman is sick, they're out of their natural condition. God didn't make us to be sick. &gt;&gt; God's original plan was not for us to be sick, to have anxiety, to have fear, to have doubt. &gt;&gt; He didn't intend for any of that to happen. &gt;&gt; He said, "But so we have a right to enforce our claim. It's our claim because God gave it to us. By his stripes, we're healed. He was wounded for our transgressions. With his stripes, we're healed." But he said now we have to enforce that law. The lawgiver, the Holy Spirit himself is here, the agent of God to see that it is done. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; There is no reason for us brothers and sisters to go before the Lord in prayer and get a get sign a petition and summons it to the devil and then be afraid to deliver the paperwork. &gt;&gt; How many's got the Holy Ghost? What's he there for? The Holy Ghost is there as an agent to see that it's done. &gt;&gt; That it's a finished work. You say, "Well, you're just trying to pump us up." I'm not trying to pump you up. I'm telling you what the word says. I'm telling you what the prophet says. I'm telling you what the message of the hour restores us, too. &gt;&gt; This is a restoration message. He says now the only way that he can work. You want to know how to make this work? You want to know how to have your healing? You want to know how to have your deliverance? You want to know how to have your salvation? The only way to make this work is when you let him work. &gt;&gt; It's not you. It's not me. It's not me manufacturing. It's not me putting on. It's not me doing this or that. But it is when we allow God to work. And he says, "You got to believe it. &gt;&gt; You got to believe it with all your heart. People come up here and pray." Where's sister Lisa? Right here. She come up here. We prayed. We knew the city. Brother Valer, I think it was me, you, brother. Me, you, and who else was praying for her that I Who was it, sis? Andrew Spencer. That's exactly right. Now, in my mind, did I think, well, it could happen. No, I didn't think that. I didn't believe that at all. What I believed was if God can give anybody in here a child, he can give them a child. We have to believe and stand on the word and see God move. Evangelist message is from Malachi. I want to go back to the way it was. You know, the whole purpose of living life is to go back to the original, &gt;&gt; to go back to the way it was in the Garden of Eden. &gt;&gt; And we think it's about building homes and making money and getting cars and getting riches and our kids having the best of everything and doing all that they want to do. That's what we think in our minds it's for. No, it's about getting back to the original Garden of Eden, &gt;&gt; the way God intended it to be. I will send you Elijah the prophet and he will restore the faith of the children back to the fathers. He said, "What is it?" Now, I want you to listen to how he puts this. What is it, brothers and sisters? You see, we got to have a restoration because down through the ages, or we should probably say up through the ages, truth has been lost. They deviated from Paul to Ireanius just a little bit &gt;&gt; and there was some truth lost from Ireus to Martin and Martin to Columbbo. They began to deviate and got farther and farther and farther away from the word till that the world got darker and darker and darker until then all of a sudden we had a little more truth in in Luther and Wesley's age. But then all of a sudden, &gt;&gt; darkness. Darkness came. And I think brother Brandham said he he just shaded in just a little bit of a little sliver of light. And that was you and me. &gt;&gt; Somebody's got to be the light in this dying world. That was you and me. He said, "But the message goes forth, a messenger and a messenger of the last day. It's not to bring them to a creed. See, they wanted creeds. We want to follow this this system. We want to follow that system. We want this this this organization. He said it wasn't to get them to follow a creed, but to jerk them out of those creeds. &gt;&gt; You think that's speaking with authority to jerk them out of those creeds. Why? Because he was trying to get them back to the original faith. He was trying to get them back to a message and to a to a a group of people like a Matthew, a Mark, Luke, and John, a Paul &gt;&gt; that would live on the original word as it was displayed on the day of Pentecost. &gt;&gt; We're in these last days. &gt;&gt; What is restoration? Restoration is the process of of repairing or preserving an antique or a car or a furniture, something like that. Now, I want you to listen to how this types when you go to restoring something. How many's ever tried to restore something? Yeah, most of us men are knuckleheaded enough to think we're going to restore something. I didn't tell you women, but us men are knuckleheaded enough we're going to restore something. But when you res restore something and you repair it, you're preserving it. You're trying to maintain the This is the definition on the on the on the internet. You're trying to maintain the historical integrity. Tommy, if you was building a 1957 Chevy, would you put a Ford motor in it? Uh-uh. No way. Why? Because he wants that car to be just exactly the way it was when it rolled off the showroom floor. &gt;&gt; So, it's it's it's it's taken and it's it begins to keep the integrity of that item that you're restoring. You take that car in or that item and you begin to clean it. You begin to repair the damage. You begin to recreate the original finishes. Oh, if it was if it was candy apple red, what color are you going to paint it? &gt;&gt; Candy apple red. &gt;&gt; Candy apple red. They go as far as they want the VIN numbers to match. &gt;&gt; The door needs to match under the hood and this number. And they get so specific and they begin to restore. They clean it. They repair the damage. They're recreating it. Brothers and sisters, some of us need a cleaning. &gt;&gt; Some of us need a cleaning. Some of us need damage control. Some of us are in a damaged state &gt;&gt; sitting here this morning. &gt;&gt; They use original finishes using period accurate materials and techniques. They want it to be just like it was on day one. We went up to Adriana's here a while back and she's, you know, well, if you don't know, she's a thrifter. If you need anything, she's got it. If she don't have it, she'll get it. She said, "Let me show you my thrifting finds." Cuz she she knows I like to I go to the Goodwill and we we trade Goodwill finds. And she showed me this chair she got at a yard sale. It's okay if I tell this. I think she gave $15, right? And I've been doing them around auctions and stuff long enough. I can tell piece when it's a piece. And I looked at that. I flipped it up. I got to looking for a trademark on it. Sure enough, I found it. I typed it in. I said, "Don't you dare touch the leather on this chair. Don't touch the leather. You clean it. Be careful. Don't damage the leather. It's original leather. I said, ' Do you know what you have? Well, I heard it's a pretty pretty nice chair. Fully restored. What was the price? $6500. But she could not go in and scrape and scratch and peel the paint and begin to to scrape the leather or pull the leather off and put some other fabric on it. That's not going to work. You had to go in there and do it exactly the way that the original maker made it. &gt;&gt; And the goal is not to only fix the broken parts, &gt;&gt; but to bring it back to its original condition. Some of us are sitting here and say, "God, I need you to fix my broken parts, but bring me back to the original. Restore unto me the joy of my salvation. Some people I know have have been sitting in churches and I've seen them years ago. They were so full of life and so full of joy and so full of zeal. But life has taken a toll. &gt;&gt; And sometimes, brother, people have lost their zeal. They've lost their joy. They've lost their fire. They can't smile. They can't praise. They can't sing. God needs to come in and do a restoration on the heart, on the inside to remind you of what he done for you in the beginning. &gt;&gt; Remember what it was like when you was wretched. &gt;&gt; And he said, "Come, my child. We got to bring that antique back to its original aesthetic and functionality. You wasn't made to sit on a pew and just listen like a bump on a pickle. &gt;&gt; That's not what you was aesthetically. That's not what your functionality was. God is wanting worshippers. God is looking for people that will praise him and worship him &gt;&gt; and will bow down and thank him for the goodness of it that he's done for them. &gt;&gt; Watch this. It's to bring it back to its aesthetic, to the way it acts, the way it acted in the beginning. When you get in that 57 Chevy and you want to turn that key, [Applause] Come on. You know you would. &gt;&gt; You'd lay down two black strips of rubber as quick as you could cuz you want to know if it would do what it did on the day it come out of the showroom. &gt;&gt; So why is it when we get back to God and God moves in our life, we ought to act the way we did when God first moved in our life? If you used to shout, somebody shout. If you used to dance, somebody dance. If you used to sing, somebody sing somebody praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; By doing these things, it increases its value. A $15 chair is now restored back to a $6,500 chair. a $500 rust bucket car is now restored into a $50,000 car. It It ensures it's it ensures increases its value and and ensures its longevity. Did you ever notice when you restore something, you just added new life back into it? &gt;&gt; It can go another hundred years. What's God doing? &gt;&gt; Behave. What's God doing? God is is preparing a bride. &gt;&gt; He He He's ensuring that her value is increasing as she begins to believe the word. &gt;&gt; Because of the life she lives, he's be she's beginning to act the way Christ acts. She's beginning to talk the way Christ talks. She's beginning to live the way Christ lived. And is ensuring her longevity because the bride of Christ is now without spot or wrinkle. And she lives forever and forever and forever eternal. &gt;&gt; Elijah. Elijah went out and he was under the juniper tree. Brother Wayne Lawson mentioned this and the first time I think I'd ever heard it talked on preached on this way. And when I got to looking it up, Brother Brandham only preached on it this way one time. Elijah was sitting under the juniper tree and he was sitting under that juniper tree and he was so worn out and he thought to himself, "Nobody cares for me. Nobody comforts me. Nobody will comfort me." And he said he looked up to God and he said, "I am so tired and I am so weary. Why don't you just take me? Sometimes we feel that way. If we're honest, those thoughts cross our mind. I'm so tired. I'm so weary. Nothing's going Nothing's right. People's against me. Pe just take me. And he said, he says, just take me. And he said, there was that poor skinny grayhaired hanging down his shoulders. And God said, 'You just need a rest.' he needed a little restoration. And he said he he laid him down in the weeds under that juniper tree. And he said there was 10,000 angels watching him sleep. It gets it gets goodter and goodter. 10,000 angels. And he said, 'I can imagine out there on every limb all through the place was swarms of angels and here's Elijah sleeping, swarms of angels. And he said, God come down to him and said, "My poor little tired servant, he's so nervous and so torn up. I don't know what he don't know what to do." And listen what he says. I want to pick out the angel standing here that's got the softest hands. You know, when you go into cleaning stuff and restoring stuff, you take that soft cloth and and God begins to polish. You begin to polish and you begin to buff. You don't get something abrasive and rough and you don't scour sterling silver. I went back to my thrifter's house the other day and she had a sterling silver trophy cup. Onida, I'm going to get myself in trouble. I said, 'I need that.' She said, 'What do you want that for?' I said, 'Well, we had a little golf scramble and we're going to make it an annual thing at Brother Ron's and this is a perfect trophy cup and we're going to engrave the names in it and I need it. And it was just sy black. You ever seen tarnished silver? Sy black. Nasty, ugly. I actually thought, I don't know if I'll ever polish this thing out, but I said, I want it. She said, 'Well, take it. You just give me what it's worth. I don't know if that was the right thing to to agree to. Did I buy it? Am I paying what it was worth in the condition I bought it in or the condition it's in after I polished it? Uhoh. Am I done? So I took it home and I got me some silver polish and I got me a soft soft cloth and I began to wipe and I began to wipe in a little circle and the more I wiped the clearer it came. The more I wiped the clear it came and I wiped and I wiped and I said look at me. It was just like a mirror for an hour and a half, two hours. I sat there and I polished and I rubbed and I rubbed and I thought, "Boys, this is going to be beauty." &gt;&gt; And I polished with that soft cloth. And that's what God says about Elijah. See, sometimes God, hey, we need God to just pull us up close and just woo us &gt;&gt; and coup over us and to love us and restore us. And he said there there he was tired and he said, "I want to pick out an angel with the softest hands so he don't scare him." And he said he walked over there to Elijah and he told him to just go and stroke his brow real easy. You see, sometimes we're hurt. Sometimes we're damaged. Sometimes we we're we're we're just we're just not what we ought to be in God. And God sees that. And here was Elijah. And the angel began to to to stroke him on his brow. And he says, "And I want you to get the best cook amongst us." Did you know angels cooked? I want you to get the best cook amongst us and I want you to go in there and give him all the vitamins that you can find and put it in this cornmeal. the world has turned him down. You know, sometimes we're turned down as believers. We're shut down. &gt;&gt; We're turned down. We're discouraged. &gt;&gt; People don't want to hear what we got to say. Somebody the other day, I heard him say, "Yeah, you know, I go to church with my husband." Well, I'm just going to leave it alone. She wasn't even talking about us, but she said they preach on other religions and I don't like that. Let's just leave that. Leave it where it be. He says, "I'm going to go down and I'm going to treat him right." Hallelujah. He says, "Bring forth the best we got. Cook him a corn cake. Set him down some water." And this soft-handed angel went over and stroked this little servant of God on the brow. Remember, you've done your best. God still got those angels in order. He loves you. He loves you just as the same he loved Elijah. &gt;&gt; No different. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; God has never been a respector of persons. So what he did for Elijah, he can do for you. &gt;&gt; What he done for Daniel, he can do for you. What he done for David, he can do for you. &gt;&gt; What he done for the guy with the blind eyes, he can do for you. &gt;&gt; And he said, and he stroked his brow and Elijah woke up. Can you imagine waking up and there's an angel standing over you stroking your brow and cooking a corn cake? I'd be like, "What in the world is going on?" But he woke up and I may hear him say something like this. The Lord your God who loves you. You've done your best, Elijah. I only sent those signs for a witness that in the day of judgment they'll have to stand alone. You've done just as I told you to do. Sometimes we wonder, why do I do what I do? Why is God wanting me to do this? Why am I going in this direction? Elijah, you've only done what I've told you to do. Oh, don't you just hate technology? Tired and weary? The creator of heavens, the Lord God, the creator of heavens, has sent me to feed you this bread and this water. And he said Elijah was rubbing his eyes and he was rubbing his eyes trying to figure out what in the world. He's raising up a little oaf rail, shaking hands. And he said he took it and he took a piece of that bread and he ate it. And just then a great angelic choir came out. You see, sometimes we don't get close enough to God to allow him to sing to us. We don't sometimes don't get close enough to God to allow him just to come into our presence or we don't even get where we can just step into the presence of God because we're living whichever way we're too fast and we don't take time to feel his presence. &gt;&gt; We're all guilty. The angelic choir come out and formed a little panoramic around him and they began to sing the songs like no mother could coo her baby to sleep. Let him sleep again. Let him sleep again. Then the father turned around and said, "You know, I love him so much. I love him so much. When God looks down over the threshold and he looks at you in your in your distress and in your time of need and he looks and he says, "I need to send a special angel to them because I love him so much. I love him so much. He has got a lot to go through yet. So, I'm not through with him. Oh, see, you can't quit. &gt;&gt; There's no room for quitters in the kingdom of God. &gt;&gt; If you're a quitter, you ain't going to make it. I hate to tell you. So, when the times get tough and the struggles get hard and the road gets weary, you got to dig your heels in and say, "I refuse to quit. I'm going on with God. He's still got a work to do. I'm not through with him, so I must feed him again. &gt;&gt; Brothers and sisters, we need to be fed again. We need the word of God more today than we did yesterday. Lord, feed us again. Give us our strength. He called the angels, my heavenly angels. Listen, can you imagine? I want you to feed him again. He needs more. And he says that the angels dumped in another big bunch of vitamins and cooked it up. And he cooked it up another corn and set him another cruise and began to stroke his brow again and fed him again. And he said, "I'm so glad that there's a juniper tree. We need a juniper tree. &gt;&gt; Sometimes we need God to come down and and do that for us and just give us that little bit of a juniper tree. We need to feel the presence of God. Sometimes we just need to know that he's in our midst. &gt;&gt; Sometimes we just need to know that God is moving on the scene that we can actually feel him. &gt;&gt; I think Brother Ber preached about a the little quote where Brother Brown talks about a God with skin on him. Sometimes we need to feel it. We need our feelings to feel it. How many's ever been riding down the road and you're just in meditation and you're maybe listening to music and all of a sudden you just feel a presence. &gt;&gt; It's God coming down to stroke your brow. And you feel that presence and it's an anointing and you say, "I don't want this to leave. I don't want this anointing to go anywhere. I don't want it to stay right here. Sometimes God gives us special anointings, special feelings, special times, and we can recall them. One recently happened to me, and I'm going to share this with you. I believe sister Donna had a similar experience. So, when we were at Virginia, we were at Virginia and Brother Ron was able to visit with Brother Ron and he's been a buddy of mine for years and just a real mentor and just a special friend. First time I've ever got to go to his house. I've been to his church before, 18 years ago, and I tell the story like this. I was a young minister, and Brother Ron called me up to pray, and that one right there projectile vomited all down my suit coat. That's how my first experience at brother Ron Spencer's went. He was little then 18 years ago. But we went in. He says, "I want to show you my study." Sister Donna went in. Brother Ber went in at a different time. I was there with him by myself. He was showing me around. This is this and this is this and look at this deer. and just a beautiful study L how the Lord's blessed him and and art and just find just the Lord has really blessed him and he's telling me all of this stuff and and and and we stop in a certain spot in the room and it's doing it right now but every hair from my wrist to my ankles stood on edge and we were standing right there in the middle of this spot and he sitting there and he's pointing around this and this and this and this and this and he said, "But you know what the most amazing thing about this study is? What the most incredible thing about this study is?" And I said, "No." He said, "We're standing right where the angel of the Lord showed me and spoke to me that if I would just keep going, however he puts it, if I would just keep on going, there's a greater work for me." Let me tell you, when he said that, I thought I was going to come unglued. But it was stepping into a presence. We need that presence. We need that restoration from time to time. We need those special moments. And I want you to think and and we're running. We're running tight. I I I got 21 pages. I'm on page eight. So, &gt;&gt; but think about the Garden of Eden. We'll try to get through the Garden of Eden here. And and in the Garden of Eden, God begins to create in this garden the original plan of God. He creates the light and and he turns darkness and and and night and light into day and he he creates the firmament and he takes the the dry ground and calls it land. I'm just paraphrasing. He goes through and he builds the seeds and the vegetation and the plants and the seeding plants and he keeps on going and going and living creatures begin to come. And on day six, he creates the animals. And he creates these animals to live on the land and the human beings male and female created he them. And after all this is done he rested. But in the verse 31 it says God saw that everything he had made and behold it was very good. &gt;&gt; It was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day. So in that garden of Eden in God's original mind and in his plan and his intent there was no sickness. There was no pain. There was no anger, no hatred, no envy, no jealousy, no malice. &gt;&gt; Think about this. There was no no hospitals. There was no sirens. &gt;&gt; There was no police. &gt;&gt; There was no gangsters. Well, there was one creep in &gt;&gt; but at this point there was nothing there but joy and peace and love and unity and fellowship and harmony everything just like God intended it to be. And brother Brandham said it right there in that was the greatest fellowship that any mortal had ever seen. and and even to this day is to be in the very presence of almighty God. That's the greatest fellowship. No fellowship, he said, can take its place. There's something about being in that presence. And he said, at one time, man had perfect fellowship with God. Can you imagine what it was like in the Garden of Eden? Perfect fellowship. He said, ' That's the reason you crave it in your heart. &gt;&gt; Why is it you want to be close to God? &gt;&gt; Because you was in the mind of God. &gt;&gt; Why is it that you want to worship God? Because you were in the mind of God the way it was in the original before the foundation of the world. He said, "There they are. There's my children. There's my bride. and you want to worship. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; He said, "I've I' I've ministered to heathens around the nations." He said, "They don't know right from wrong. They don't know any of this." He said, "But one thing they do is they will worship some kind of God because it's a craven on the inside." Whether it's a sun god, whether it's a moon god, whether it's an idol, an image, whatever it is, that's why we are called to worship. So let me ask you this morning, what are we worshiping? [Music] &gt;&gt; Where does our worship lie? &gt;&gt; Where does our worship lie or what are we placing in the forefront of our lives? What are we placing in front of God? &gt;&gt; What about our hobbies? H what about our relationships? What good does it do a young man and a young woman to to to like each other and get together and like each other and and have plans for the future if they don't have God in their life? &gt;&gt; It don't do them a lot of good because they're setting theirel up for a road of hardship, a road of heartache. They need to make sure, young people, listen to me. You need to make sure that your life has got the Holy Ghost involved before you start dating somebody. More importantly, make sure their life is filled with the Holy Ghost. Because if you get somebody that's not filled with the Holy Ghost, that don't want to serve this our Lord and don't want to follow this message, it's going to be a hard road to hoe. What are your activities? What kind of activities are keeping you out of the house of God? &gt;&gt; It's easy. I said earlier, we our our kids, we want everything. We want our kids to have everything. We want them to to participate in everything. We want them to be the best at everything. We want them to do this and do that. We run all over the country with our kids. And we were talking about it the other day and I thought, Lord, if I had the money that I had spent on baseball bats, baseball gloves, uniforms, jerseys, tennis shoes, cleats. You know, my boys been saying shoes too long. They had to have a new pair about every six months cuz they wearing canoes. You didn't know you was going to get this treatment when you come home, did you, son? &gt;&gt; Love you, buddy. &gt;&gt; But we try to put all this stuff in the forefront. What is pulling us away from our real true joy? &gt;&gt; I found out with my kids, I I thought they was going to be able to pay me back because they was going to go pro. I found out there's a lot better kids than they are playing baseball. And they was good. I didn't get no money back. But what is it? We say that we laugh because we've all been there. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And we get caught in that rhythm and we think we're happy. We think we're happy, &gt;&gt; but what is keeping us from church? Is does our jobs does our jobs require all of our attention? Is our jobs keeping us out? Is you know, some people it's it's an amazing thing. People will call into church with a toothache. They'll call into church if they run out of milk. I had to go to the store. I had to get some milk. We got to have creamer and milk in our coffee. I had to go. I just had no choice but to go to town. Can't be there. But they will not call in for work. They will not let the employer down. &gt;&gt; You say, "How do you know that?" Cuz I was one of those. I never missed a day of work. You know how many days? Some of you probably think maybe I've said it before. How many days of high school I missed? Anybody want you want you guess how many did I miss? How many days of high school do you think I missed? Wrong. Zero. Perfect attendance. Anybody else had perfect attendance? Adriana, you did not have perfect attendance. You know what happens to liars? But they'll call in to church. I can't be here. I can't be at the gathering. I can't be at the special meetings. I I It just floores me. It floores me. People People want to say they're so committed &gt;&gt; until the time for commitment comes. &gt;&gt; You know, God longs. He longs for our fellowship. &gt;&gt; He longs for a reciprocating love. &gt;&gt; Do you ever notice it? And no matter if how far astray you get from God, how far away you get from God, once you just call out to his name, his love is right there. &gt;&gt; His love never left. He's right there. He's waiting. He's calling. He's He's petitioning you to come back. Come back. Come back. But he wants that love to go both ways. &gt;&gt; I I just wonder how many times God goes to sleep. If we were to say goes to bed and we never said good night. &gt;&gt; Oh, we never said good morning. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, we never said thank you for this Lord. Thank you for that. &gt;&gt; Thank you for the new job. Thank you for the new clothes. Thank you for the new shoes. Thank you for the new house. &gt;&gt; Thank you for everything. You see, God wants to fellowship. God wants to share himself with us. And that's the way it was in the garden of e in in in the garden of Eden. Perfect fellowship. The prophet tells the story. He would come down in the late in the afternoon, in the cool of the evening, in the evening time when the twilights was falling and Jehovah would come across the top of the palm trees roaring like a thunder. When's the last time we heard God roaring like a thunder? Slow down, people. slow down and listen. He said, "And there was Adam and Eve gathered out there in that great open air cathedral, worshiping God." Worshiping God and having fellowship and talking to him. Everything was perfect. No anxiety. There's nothing to worry about. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; No sickness. Everybody was healthy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Only peace and joy and happiness and love. He said, "The lion and the tigers, they would all come around in perfect harmony." He said, "Wouldn't that be a perfect wonderful place to live?" Can you imagine? I seen a little snake last night and down there in my greenhouse. That thing I jumped, I thought, man, thank God it wasn't a copperhead. I was all in that thing. You didn't They didn't worry about that in the Garden of Eden. The lion laid down with the lamb and the l and everything was just perfect. All things are working in in harmony. He said, "In perfect harmony, everything in perfect harmony. God in harmony with his creature and the creature in harmony with his maker." What a perfect fellowship. But here's where it gets sticky. Here's where it gets sticky. It gets sticky right here when he says, "But then man began to sin and separated himself from God. And he began to separate himself from his fellowship. He began to separate himself from his maker. And he said it was sin that separates. Brothers and sisters, we don't need any separation in our lives from God. We need to get closer and closer and God give us more and more and create a desire in my life and in my heart that I want more of you God. Amen. &gt;&gt; More of the truth, more of this, more fellowship. And he said, "Adam and Eve was the most perfect couple that ever walked on earth." How many of you could say that about your spouse? The most perfect couple that ever walked on earth. He said, "I can see Adam not he was a perfect built man and Eve was beautiful." I love it when he says this. And I see her now as she woke up from her little operation from Adam. God performed that little operation. &gt;&gt; And he said, "I can see it as she looked as as they as she woke up and her beautiful eyes and Adam looked down on her and her beautiful hair hanging down her back and her eyes sparkling like the stars. And Adam looked at her and said, "You're bone of my bone and flesh of my flesh." Can you imagine that? How he must have felt when he grabbed that love into his arm and he said he carried her away. He grabbed her and pulled her up and he carried and they looked but they were so pretty. She was so pretty. She was perfect. He said there she was a beautiful species and here they are sweethearts and God performing a a marriage ceremony right there before him. And he said they were perfect God's children. She hung on to his arm. Think about this scene. As she hangs on to his arm and they walk through the garden to the great garden, he says of God, perfect in love. No harm, no danger could ever come near them. And they're walking and strolling through the Garden of Eden. Everything is perfect. Everything's wonderful. Everything's good. Nothing to harm them, Brother Woody. And all of a sudden, but here's an enemy. He said, "The enemy that come in to pervert the thing into a regular mess that we're in today." &gt;&gt; Just that quick, when the enemy came in, just that quick, things begin to change. He said it was when Adam sinned right there. It's when we got wrinkled face. It's when we got funeral processions. It's when when the hospital screams. And that's the devil that did that. And you wonder, and we wonder sometimes why our lives sometimes go down these roads. Adam sinned. Look at Eve, he says, around that beautiful body of hers is wrapped in old bloody sheep skin. Because God called him out of the bushes and said, Adam, Adam, where are thou? You know the story. and they were hid. And the prophet said he comes and he throws them some bloody lamb skkins. He throws those bloody lamb skins to them. Brother Ber throws it to him and says, "Cover yourself." &gt;&gt; And they begin to be dripping. And he said, "There's Adam standing there, muscles in his arms, muscles in his legs, shaggy hair around his shoulder, his dark beard hanging, a perfect man. But look at it now. His shoulders stupid. his shoulders stooping around his big body comes an old bloody sheep skin running down those manly legs comes blood and tears is dripping off his cheeks and he's patting Eve on the top of the head and leans over to her bosom and and and Eve is crying. He said Eve is crying and the tears are patting down and mixes with the blood. What's the matter? Something's happened. They are now crying. The first tear ever shed. The first day of sorrow ever lived. The first day of regret ever lived. The first time they felt aches in their bones ever lived. Why? Because they got out of harmony with God. That's right. &gt;&gt; They got out of fellowship with God. And brother Brandham says, I can see God look there and say, "Depart out of my presence." Oh, can you imagine? Depart out of my presence. And brother Brandham says Adam's walking away and he could hear that bloody sheep skin every step he took smacking him on the leg. And that bloody sheep skin was going down and the blood was running off and he couldn't stand to see his children depart from him. How many of you ever had to correct your child or scold your child and they run away in shame or tears and you think, "Oh, I hate that. I hate to do that." We have, you have, we all have. We hate to see that. And he says he couldn't stand to see his children depart from him that way. And he says, "I'm going to make a covenant." &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. I'm going to make a covenant. I'm going to make a covenant between your seed and the woman's seed and between your seed and the Satan's seed. I'm going to make that covenant. What was it? It was a promise. It was a promise that God gave and said, "It won't always be this way, my child. &gt;&gt; It won't always be hardship. It won't always be suffering. It won't always be hospitals. It won't always be sickness. It won't always be discouragement." &gt;&gt; Amen. because I know a lamb. Because I know a lamb. And the prophet said, he what is it now? 4,000 years later. He said, 4,000 years later up in Jerusalem, he's you can look out the window and he said, I hear a noise. &gt;&gt; I hear a noise and I hear a screaming and a hollering, a mob that's a hollering and people are coming against it. And he said, "I raised the shades to look out the window, and coming through the streets was an old rugged cross bouncing down the cobblestones." &gt;&gt; Oh, that's a familiar sound. &gt;&gt; Bouncing down the cobblestones. It wasn't sheep skin this time, smacking their legs and bleeding down and and and ridden with tears. But it was a bloody cross that was bouncing off the cobblestones headed up to a place called Calvary. He said, "Look at those little red spots. What are they? They're getting bigger and bigger and bigger until they finally run into one spot." He said, "What is it?" He said, "There goes the second Adam." You see, God don't leave us in an unfinished state. &gt;&gt; God don't leave us in a in a life of disarray. God ain't going to leave us in a in a life of sickness. But he provided a second Adam. He said, "Here's that second Adam. His own blood hitting his legs." He said, "The second Adam one was a one. The first Adam brought death. The second one brings life." &gt;&gt; Thank God for the second Adam. Thank God for Jesus Christ and a place called Calvary. Adam and Eve. It won't always be that way. It won't always be that way because the second Adam came and he said there there was that blood. There was that blood. The son of God going to Calvary to bear the sins. Not just Adam, not just Eve, but you and you and me and you and you and you and you. &gt;&gt; You was on his mind. making his mystery known to the bride. We'll close with this. Making his mystery known to his bride, redeemed by Christ, the second Adam, going back home to be restored to the original Eden. How many say, "I want to go back to that original Eden. I want to go back to a place to where I have no more hardship, no more anger, no more no more grief, no more sorrow, no more sickness, no more pain. I want to go back." And he said, "There he was going back home to be restored to that original Eden, free from death, free from sickness, free from sorrow and shame, going back with eternal life." Let's stand to our feet. It's been a long day in the Lord for us. We usually don't go this long, but I can say it's been good to be in the house of the Lord. [Applause] Malachi 4 5 and 6 was sent to turn our hearts. You was on his mind. Let's keep him on our mind. &gt;&gt; Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we come before you this morning, Lord, with thankful hearts for the message you laid on our heart. And we trust it was received. I know I needed it, Lord. And I just desire a closer walk with you, Lord. And I desire a a a more of a fullness in life that you have for me, Lord. I just want to be what you want me to be. Lord, I thank you, Lord, for that second Adam, for Jesus Christ. as Jesus Christ walked up that cobblestone road packing the cross that I should have been packing. Lord, I thank you for your restoring work, your restoration, that this is a house of restoration [Music] today. church. If there's anybody here that feels like you've maybe backslid on God, maybe you've put other things before God. Maybe it's your home life. Maybe it's your job. Maybe it's your I it's it's your friends. Maybe you've just been a little cold on God and you just want to Why don't you just come up to the altar? Today would be a good day just to make things right. While the presence of God is here and the anointing of God is with us today. [Music] There's no shame in it to come and just say, "God, I need more of you. God, I want to restore. I want you to restore the joy that I once had. I want you to restore the love that I once had in my heart for you. I want that love that I once had. I want I want it to be restored so that my kids can see, so that the world can see, so that my employer can see, but more importantly, so that you can see that I love you, Lord, with all my heart. Thank you, Lord. Lord, you see these people that's come up to stay, Lord, the desire in their heart just to be closer to you, to feel that relationship between you and them, Lord. I pray, Lord, that you'll grant their heart's desire. I pray, Lord, that you'll restore whatever they're lacking or whatever. If it's their joy, restore their joy. If it's their love, restore their love. If it's their home, restore their home life. If they've just gotten cold on you or put other things before you, restore, Lord, that joy of their salvation so that they could praise and worship and love you in a greater way than they ever have before. [Music] Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for moving this morning, Lord. Thank you for speaking to hearts. [Music] Yes. Thank you, Lord. Was on the cross. I was on his mind. He knew me yet he loved me. He whose glory makes the heaven shine. [Music] Worthy of such mercy. [Applause] When he was on the cross, you and I were on his mind. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew the right spirit within [Music] me a clean heart, [Music] oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Oh, cast cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, [Music] and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of my salvation and your right spirit within me. [Music] We can be a clean heart, oh God, and renew our right spirit within me. [Music] C8 in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. can cast me not away. Thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. [Music] Restore unto me the joy of my salvation and renew right spirit within me. Amen. How many enjoyed the message this morning? Thank you, Lord Jesus, for speaking to our hearts. Isn't that right? Amen. May God have restored anything that you have lost. How many of these anything that you've lost, you've got a right to get back. Amen. Amen. And amen. I love him. I love him because he first loved me. Oh, I love him. I love him because he first loved me. [Music] any deeper. Just my salation on Cal Street. Oh, I love him. I love him because he first loved me and he purchased my Calish [Music] on Cal Street. [Music] Amen. Let's sing a song or a verse or two of to Canaan's fair land. I'm on my way. Can you pull that up? Amen. How many believes we're on our way to full restoration? Amen. Amen. But Abraham said, "We're heading back to the Garden of Eden just as hard as we can." Amen. To Canaan's land. I'm on my way where the soul of man never dies. My darkest night will turn to day where the soul of man never die. was that there will no tears in that where all is peace and joy and love and the soul of man never dies. A rose is blooming there for me where the soul of man never dies and I will spend eternity where the soul of man never next verse now a love light beams across The foam where the soul of man never dies. It shines to light the shores of home where the soul of man never dies. No sand. There will no tears [Music] dim now where all is peace and joy and love and the soul of man. You can be dismissed anytime you want. I'm on my way to that fair land where the soul of man never dies. Where there will be no parting and endless soul man never dies.
