################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - Bro Thomas Byler • 42725 • Sun • Gods Hospital - Thomas Byler.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-27
Title:   Bro Thomas Byler • 4/27/25 • Sun • Gods Hospital
Speaker: Thomas Byler
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtUSNzHqG1A
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Good morning, brothers and sisters. If we'll just all stand this morning, just go before him in prayer this morning. Dear Lord Jesus, it's such a privilege, Lord, to come into your house once again, dear Lord, as we walk the different ways that we go, dear Lord, in life through the weak, dear Lord. We come battered down and maybe weary, dear Lord. But we come here this morning, dear Lord, to regain strength, dear Lord. Gain strength from your word, dear Lord. to press on, dear Lord, for we know we're in a late hour, Lord. You're so good to us, Lord. We know there's lots of needs, dear Lord. I don't know all the needs, dear Lord, but you know all the needs. Pray, dear Lord, that is even as the word goes forth, dear Lord, that you go and minister unto those needs, dear Lord, whether it be healing, dear Lord, or questions that may need answered, dear Lord, or whatever it may be, dear Lord, that you help your children, dear Lord. And we know you will because you promise you promised that you would, dear Lord. Your word says that you would never leave us nor forsake us, dear Lord. We're here this morning, dear Lord. And our gathering is not in vain, dear Lord. As you didn't come in vain, dear Lord. You came for a purpose. We came this morning for a purpose, dear Lord, to hear from you. So we pray dear Lord that every portion dear Lord of the service dear de dear Lord now would be just guided dear Lord by your divine intervention dear Lord that you'd just speak what you'd have to speak and let us hear dear Lord what you want us to hear. We ask these things dear Lord your precious name Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Children can be dismissed for Sunday school and if you'll go in the Psalms with me here. Psalms 20. Small little chapter here in Psalms 20. But sometimes it's not always about being big. Sometimes it's quality over quantity. So Psalms 20, the Lord hear thee. In the day of trouble, the name of God of Jacob defend thee. Remember all thy offerings and accept thy burnt sacrifice. SA we will rejoice in the salvation. In thy salvation and in the name of our God we will set up our banners. The Lord fulfill all thy petitions. Some trust in chariots and some in horses, but we will remember the name of the Lord our God. Save the Lord. Let the King hear us when we call. God bless. You may be seated, Brother Brian. morning brothers and sisters. Uh if you want to mark a place in your Bible, you can 15th chapter of Romans and the 10th chapter of Hebrews. But that one scripture there, some trust in chariots and some in horses, but we will remember the name of the Lord our God. I was just think I was thinking this morning yesterday working and this morning studying the world that we live in is the purpose out there. that world out there is to put darkness over you, to make you not believe the things that you believe. And I was just thinking this morning, we all hit sit here this morning and the most important thing that we can have in our hearts and lives is a clear mind. And the only way you can have a clear mind and the right mind is the mind of Christ has to be in you this morning. If you don't have the mind of Christ, then all that's going on out there in the world will affect your soul and spirit. It'll want to take away from you your joy, your ability to worship the Lord and to be at peace in the word of God and in Christ this morning. And I and I was thinking in the world we live in is it I I don't even like mentioning the things that go on out there in the world or even thinking about them. But really to sit here this morning with a clear mind to know that God loves you and that he's thought of you enough to save your soul and make you be able to possess your salvation in joy and in the humbleness of the word of God. And everyone here this morning to have that clear mind has to be born by the word of God. Nothing other than that will give you that clear mind. And I was just thinking when you're born of the word of God, it's it it's the two things are together. You can't have Christ without the word and you can't have the word of God without having Christ at the same time. It's all one thing knitted together in your heart and life this morning. And I was just the world is a crazy place and I was just thinking I'll just read. Uh but that really struck me. Uh you know I've been sitting alone for hours thinking about all the things that God has done for me in my life. And I'm sure all of you could sit there and think of all the things that God's done for you in your life where he's brought you through. Sometimes we forget about that. We get so busy in the things of this world and this life, we forget to look back and see what that's the only time it's really good to look back and to think consider all the blessings that God has given you in your life. And you can look back and see where he moved something for you 10 years ago or 20 or 30 or even yesterday. He moved a situation for you where you know that he loves you and he cares about you. And each time you remember those things, it gives you more strength for the next day ahead, but I'll read what uh Paul had to say here in 15. I'm not going to read this whole chapter, but I not losing my place. Let me swap something here. I wrote some notes to myself. Sometimes I I write a lot of things down and I'm not good for notes. You probably all know that about me. I tried to when God some speaks something to me, I I don't have to have a lot of notes to myself, but I I wrote this down this morning. Why the world is the way it is without even going to the scripture. Why you see your friends out there in the world doing the things they do or not having the satisfaction in their lives, it's because they're not grounded in the word of God. the whole world out there, its sole purpose is to keep people ungrounded in the word of God, in the truths of God's word. And if you're not grounded, you'll be just like everyone else in the world. You'll be not believing this or not believing that. You won't have any foundation. So when the troubles come, you're always worrying about the outcomes. But if you've got Christ and the word of God, you're not worried about the outcomes because the word of God tells you what the outcome will be. And I was just thinking the insanity of the people. You know, you have people on the street 40 years ago that would be in an insane institution and in 2025 they're running the streets like everything's normal. But I'll just read from what the scriptures what Paul had to say here this morning. And then I'm going to jump up into Hebrews the 10th chapter. And it says, "We that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak, not to please ourselves." So, you know, we should care about each other. We should lift each other up. Paul's saying here, "Let everyone of us please his neighbor for his good to edification. For even Christ pleased not himself, but as written, the reproaches of them that reproach thee fell on me. whatsoever thing were written a for time were written for our learning that we through patience and comfort of the scripture might have hope. You know, I've talked about this a lot over the years. You know, there's a difference between a natural hope and an internal hope and something that's eternal. The hope that we have eternally, it's settled. You don't have to question it. God will have you there on that day. That's the kind of hope that we're talking about here this morning. And I lost my place. Uh fifth verse, now the God of patience and consolation grant you to be likeminded one toward another according to Christ Jesus. And again, it that last two words there, Christ Jesus. We know that the way you're going to care for each other and treat each other is by the word of God. Not by your own idea or your own way, but by the word of God itself. And it says that you may be of one mind and one mouth and glorify God even the father of our lord Jesus Christ. And I of the seventh words wherefore receive ye one another as Christ has received us to the glory of God. And uh really you have to have that mind. I was just thinking you really need I know I'm saying this a lot but it's so important that you have the mind of God this morning. outside of having the mind of God when the person talks to you about how you're wrong. If you don't know the word of God and you don't know the the message of the hour, if it hasn't if it's not deep in your soul and revealed to you that devil out there, you'd be surprised if you're not grounded in it, you'll be doubting the things you believe. That's why you have to be firm in it. And I'll go um this is a long chapter. I don't I start at about the 10th chapter of Hebrews, not wanting to re to read this whole chapter. Let's start at about the 23rd verse this morning. I know I get in a hurry. Don't give you a chance to turn this stuff. But um again, when you read this and the tits in it, how do you you know there's a lot of people out there that don't believe Paul wrote this book, but when you read how this is wrote, I it I can't believe how people wouldn't believe that. But starting at the 23rd verse, and it says here, let us hold fast the possession of our faith without wavering, for as he is faithful that promised. And he goes on to say, "Let us consider one another to provoke unto love and good works." So like I said in in this other chapter, that hope, that foundation that we have, and he's fa That's why it's so you can trusted that he's faithful to perform that promise he gave to us. Not forsaken the assembling of yourselves together as the manner of some is, but exhorting one another so much more as you see that day approaching. That's that speaks to this day and age right now. As you see the world get worse, it should make you get closer. For if we sin willfully after we have and then the scriptur is mentioned a lot in the message of the hour. For if we sw sin willfully after that we have received the knowledge of the truth. There remainth no more sacrifice for sins. But a real believer doesn't have to worry about that scripture because if you're saved and full of the Holy Ghost, you won't do this. but a certain fearful looking for the judgment and fiery indignation which shall devour the adversary. And he that he that despised and again he using an example where you can go back to the Old Testament he that despised Moses law died without mercy under two or three witnesses. How much sore a punishment suppose ye shall be be thought worthy who hath trotten under the foot the son of God who hath counted the blood of the covenant whereth we were sanctified an unholy thing and had done despite unto the spirit of grace and uh for we know that excuse me here for we know him that hath said vengeance belongth unto me I will recump sayaith the lord Again, the Lord shall judge his people. And then it get this scriptures really, it's a fearful thing to fall into the hands of a living God. But call to remembrance the former days in which after you were illuminated, you endured a great fight and affliction. And I I'll just finish. This is not really I'll just jump down a couple of verses here and I'll read what this had to say this morning. I'll just the be the last couple of verses are better than the ones that I've been reading and I'll start at the 34th verse. For you have compassion of me and my bonds, took joyfully the spoiling of your goods, knowing in yourself, that you have in heaven a better and enduring substance. Cast not away, therefore your confidence, which you hath great recumptants of reward, that you have used the patience after you have done the will of God, you might receive the promises for yet a little while, and he that shall come will come and will not tarry. Now the ju and that's what I was saying. I don't find it hard how to believe people can't believe that Paul wrote this because this 38th verse goes right back to Romans 1:17. Now the just shall live by faith. But if any man draw back my soul shall have no pleasure in them. But we are but we are not after them who draw back ontoition but of them that believe to the saving of the soul. That's what I was saying in the beginning. It's so important that you have that clear mind this morning, that you're able to see the word of God for the hour that we live in. And I'll just read what this quote was. It's from the devotional in the voice of God. And I'll sit down this morning, but really before I read this, I it's really important that you're established and grounded in the I I'll say it again in the word of God that the word of God has its full effect in your life this morning because I as I see the world as it is this morning, it's not going to get any better. Brother Brandham told us it's only going to get worse. You know, I was just thinking and when he it's been what, almost 60 years. He's been off the scene. Well, yeah, it's close to 60 years. And I can just imagine the people in 1965 when he said the world was going to go insane and and you looked at the 1965 world and you look at 2025 that it's night and day that what's going on in the world. And if you a year from now, it'll probably advance like it did the last 50 years. In a year from now, it might advance as much as it would have in 50 years. That's just how crazy the place is. So, as but like that scripture said, as you see it getting worse, that means we're getting closer. So, it should be a comforting thing. At the same time, I'll just read what brother Brandham had to say. The whole armor of God is supernatural. And that's really important. Your armor is the supernatural God inside you, which is the armor of God. Love, which is love. You know, that really strikes me that without love, everything we're doing is meaningless. If you don't have the love of God this morning, it's just law and it's just doing it to do it. Scientifically, prove me there's such a thing as love. Where is it? You, how many love? Raise up your hand. Of course, I know everyone here would love your wife. You love your brother. You love your friends. Well, I want somebody some science to prove to me that prove to me what part of you is love. Where do you buy it at? What drugstore? And we know that's what he's getting to right there. If the love that we have for God is something that God gives us, the natural love we have is something we're just born with. I I want a bunch of it. I love joy. But you got joy, peace, longsuffering, gentle. And he's basically saying here, if you got the love of God, all these other virtues will possess you. You got the joy, you got the joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, patience. What is it? It's all supernatural. And I know that in my own life that without God's grace in my life, I know I just know the my Baldwin nature that if I didn't have the love of God in me, I know some of these virtues I wouldn't possess this morning. It's only by his grace. All of it is supernatural. God is supernatural. You don't scientifically prove God. You believe God, you believe it. If you don't believe it, then a man that says everything that's not sci scientifically is unorthodox. No, that's right. Then that man will never be a Christian. I think that's funny. You have a lot of Christians out there that if you can't scientifically prove something, they won't believe you, too. That's just the age we live in this morning. And that man can never be a Christian. He has to believe by faith. We believe God not by education, not by theology, but by faith. You are saved. Now, like brother Brandham said, your ABCs are always believe in Christ this morning. So to have that kind of faith this morning, uh my desire is that as that as we see the world get crazier, I want to get closer this morning as the world It's an important thing to me as you get older. I've said this before. You know, the things I thought were important 10, 15, 30 years ago, as I get older, they're not as important to me now as they were 20 years ago. But what should change is the importance of Jesus Christ in my heart and life this morning. Brother Josh may listen this morning. It's good to be here. Amen. Is it good to be here? Amen. I want to welcome everybody that's tuning in on the internet and welcome our visitors. I mean, Caleb, Sister Sharon, good to have you here this morning. Amen. Listen that song. I believe the true report. Hallelujah to the lamb. Oh, I've believed the true report. Hallelujah to the lamb. I have passed the outer court. Oh, glory be to God. I am all on Jesus side on the altar. Sanctified to the world and sin I've died. Hallelu to the lamb. Hallelu. Hallelu. I have passed the riven veil where the glories never fail. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I am living in the presence of the king. I'm a king and priest to God. Hallelujah to the lamb by the cleansing of the blood. Oh, glory be to God by the spirit's power and life. I am living day and night in the holiest place so bright. Hallelu to the lamb. Oh hallelu, hallelu. I have passed the ribbon veil where the glory spoke. Oh [Music] hallelujah, [Music] hallelujah. I am living in the presence of the king. I have passed the outer veil. Halleluah to the lamb which did once God's light conceal. Oh, glory be to God. But the blood has brought me in to God's holiness so clean. Where there's death to self and sin. Hallelu to the lamb. Oh [Music] hallelu hallelu. I have passed the Riven veil where the glories never fail. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. I am living in the presence of the king. And I'm within the holiest veil. Hallelujah to the lamb. I have passed the inner veil. Oh, glory be to God. I am sanctified to God by the power of the blood. Now the Lord is my abode. Hallelu to the lamb. Oh hallelu hallelu. I have passed the Riven veil where the glory. Oh hallelujah. Hallelu. I am living in the presence of the king. Amen. Amen. When I see the blood, I'll pass over you. When I I see the blood. Oh, when I see the blood. When I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. [Music] Oh Christ, our redeemer died on the cross and died for the sinner. Paid all his due. Sprinkle your soul in the blood of the lamb and I will pass. I will pass over you. When I see the blood, when I see the blood, when I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. [Music] and chiefest of sinners. And Jesus will save all as he has promised that he will do. Wash in the fountain. Open for sin and I will pass. I will pass over you. When I see the blood. Oh, and I see the blood. Oh, when I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over [Music] you. And judgement is coming. All will be there. Each one receiving justly is due. I hide in the saving sin cleansing blood. And I will pass. I will pass over you. When I see the blood, when I see the blood, when I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. And oh great compassion, oh boundless love, oh loving kindness, faithful and true. Find peace and shelter under the blood and I will pass. I will pass over you. [Music] When I see the blood, when I see the blood, when I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. One more time. Oh, when I see the blood. When I see the blood. When I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. Amen. Amen. What a promise we have this morning. Amen. Listen to the great emancipator. Amen. Once my heart and soul were fed by the binding chains of sin. Oh, but the great emancipator set me free to worship him. Oh, glory, glory, glory, hallelujah. [Music] Blessed be his holy [Music] name. He the great emanipator. That's the song of the redeemed. And like a lost lamb, I was free. 15. I was all so helpless and alone. But the seeking shepherd found me, and he led me to my father's home. Oh, glory, glory, glory, [Music] hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name, for he's the great immanipator. [Applause] That's the song of the redeemed. Oh, glory, glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name for he the great [Music] emanipator. That's the song of the redeemed. Amen. We're thankful for that great emancipator this morning. Amen. You may have your seats this morning. And before we turn to prayer, can we just sing that song? I must tell Jesus all of my troubles. Amen. I must tell Jesus all of my trials. I cannot bear these burdens alone. [Music] In my distress, he kindly will help me. He whoever loves and cares for his own. Let's go to the second verse. Oh, I must tell Jesus all of my trles. For he is a kind come passionate [Music] friend. If I but ask him, he will deliver. Make of my [Music] troules quickly a must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus I cannot bear my burdens alone. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. And Jesus can't help me. And Jesus [Music] alone. Tempted and tried. I need a great savior. [Music] One who can help my burdens to bear. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. He all my cares and sorrows will share. Oh, I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. I cannot bear my burdens alone. Oh, I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. [Music] Jesus can't help me. Jesus alone. And oh how the world too evil alerts me. Oh how my heart is tempted to sin. I must tell Jesus and he will help me over the world. The victory to win. Oh, I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. [Music] I cannot bear my burdens alone. I must tell Jesus. I must tell [Music] Jesus. Jesus can't help me. Jesus alone. Amen. He's more than able to meet your needs this morning. Amen. We're going to go to the offering at this time. Brother Danny, brother Michael John, and brother Paul, would you come this morning? Take up the offering. Amen. We didn't have any written prayer requests this morning, but want to remember brother Shawn this morning. I believe he had a fall on Friday and went to the ER and he has three fractured ribs. He's in a lot of pain. So, we want to pray for a touch for him this morning. I believe that's the only prayer request that we have this morning. You remember that John Wade? Would you just pray for us this morning? Amen. Brother Glenn has a song for us this morning. As he comes, going to sing, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his hope. [Music] Lean name. Bless the Lord. Oh, bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me, bless his [Music] whole bless his holy name. For he has done great things. Oh, for he has done great things. [Music] He has done great things. He has done great things. Bless his holy name. Amen. So, let's all keep Brother Shan in your prayers because he is hurting real bad. He has three fractured ribs. So I uh I've rolled down that hill a couple of times, but I know how to do a parachute land and fall and he doesn't. So that's all there is to it. Okay. So I'm going to sing this little song because the Lord is getting ready to come see us. So we need to be ready for him. [Music] Be ready for he is coming soon. Once he came to this old world of sin and sorrow, a humble babe in a manger in [Music] Bethlehem, but this time he's coming in all his power. Great peace on earth will bow and worship his great name. Coming soon, Jesus and all his glory, not just a savior, but a reigning king coming soon. And the whole world will be witness. Oh, be ready for he is coming soon. [Music] [Music] And when he comes, he'll bind the power of old Satan. The little children with the lamb and lion will play. And all the earth will be so filled with his grace and glory. No more crying for all if tears are wiped away. coming [Music] soon. Jesus and all his glory. Not just a savior but a reigning king coming soon and the whole world will be witness. Oh, be ready for he is coming soon. Oh, be ready for he is coming soon. Coming soon. [Music] [Applause] you, brother Glenn. Sing, I believe he's coming back like he said. Well, I believe he's coming back like he said. I believe that the trumpet's going to sound so loud. It'll resurrect the dead. Oh, in the twinkling of an eye, he'll split the eastern sky. I believe he's coming back like he said. Oh, I believe he's coming back like he said. And I believe that the trump is going to sound so loud. It'll resurrect the dead in the twinkling of a night. He'll split the eastern sky. I believe he's coming back like he said. Amen. Can we sing that song? I pledge allegiance to the lamb. And just the first verse maybe in a chorus. Do we have I have heard how Christians long ago were brought before a tent throne. They were told that he would spare their life if they would renounce the name of Christ. But one by one they chose to die, the son of God. They would not deny like a great angelic choir sings. I can almost hear their voicees ring. I pledge alceence to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to wonder his command. I pledge alce to the lamb to the lamb of God. Oh to the lamb of God who bore my shame, who took my place and wore my pain. I will seek to his command. I pledge alance to the lamb. I pledge allegiance. Oh, I pledge alance to the land. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to his command. I pledge alce [Music] to the lamb. Amen. Let the worshippers arise. Let's stand this morning and invite brother Ber. Let's sing this as he comes. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my [Music] all. I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. And father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. And I want to be standing on your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer and this is my plea. Let the worshippers arise and let the sons and the daughters sing. [Music] I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. One more time. Oh, let the worers arise. Let sons and daughters sing. [Music] I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the [Music] king. Amen. Hallelujah. Good morning. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to see everybody this morning. Amen. I think that'll be all for the music. Y'all appreciate it. Amen. God is good, isn't he? Amen. We're looking forward to having Brother Joe Adams with us next weekend. Amen. And then I think uh there'll be one Sunday in between after that and then we'll have our meetings the following. Amen. So that's all coming up. Amen. Isn't it amazing how time flies? Amen. Next Thursday, I guess it'll be May already. I can't just uh remember a few short weeks ago I was like, "Oh boy, two more weeks and it'll be more first of March, you know, and so boy." But anyway, praise the Lord. Amen. I hope everybody's doing good, feeling good. Amen. Hopefully some of this stuff that's been going around, Amen. can go by the wayside as far as I'm concerned. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. All right, let's just bow our heads and go before the Lord in prayer. Kind heavenly father, we do come before you again, Lord. Thankful on this side of glory, Lord, to be able to assemble ourselves together with your children, Lord, and to open the Bible, Father. And Lord, as I was listening yesterday to your prophet, how did he say anybody could open that and and and but you don't read the Bible just like a newspaper. It takes the Holy Spirit to open it up. And Father, I just pray, Lord, that you truly open it up to us this morning. Father, help us to get the understanding through the inspiration of the spirit, Lord Jesus. And Father, we ask God, the meditation of our heart, Lord Jesus, and that which we feel, God, you've laid upon a heart to minister this morning, Lord, that it would be just exactly what you want, Lord. And that you would have the preeminence in every portion of the service, Lord. Father, we do thank you, Lord, for all that you do for us. And we commit this service to you now in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Amen. I was studying. And I was just beginning to pray, see what the Lord will have. And and I'm going to begin to kind of look at uh some of the things that we had spoke on last week. And I knew that I had left several pages out last week. Amen. Because Amen. Just because you got five pages don't mean you have to preach to five pages. Isn't that right? So I and I begin to just go down there and I just felt the Holy Spirit kind of uh lead me into uh taking it up. Amen. some of the things I've left off. Amen. And go and see what the Lord will have for us. So, we're kind of kind of extending extending last week's service. Amen. But I do I am going to give it a uh a different title. Amen. And I want to talk about God's hospital. Amen. God's hospital with the help of the Lord. Amen. So, if you will turn your Bibles and we'll go uh back to Second Kings. I don't know if I read this last week or not. I may have. I don't remember. But I want to go to First Kings. Amen. I like that pen, brother Tommy. That's a nice pen. Amen. First Kings first chapter verse two. And Aziah fell through a lattice in his upper chamber that was in Samaria and was sick. And he sent messengers and sent unto them and said unto them, "Go inquire of Beelzebub, the God of Echron, whether I shall recover of this disease." But the angel of the Lord said to Elijah the Tishbite, "Go arise, arise, and go to to meet the messengers of the king of Samaria, and say unto them, Is it not because there is not a God in Israel, that ye go to inquire of Beelub, the God of Echron? And now therefore, thus saith the Lord, thou shalt not come down from that bed on which thou art gone up, but shall surely die." and Elijah departed. Let's go to Jeremiah if you would. Jeremiah 8, Jeremiah 8. In verse 20, it says, "The harvest is passed." Verse 20, "The harvest is passed. The summer is ended, and we are not saved. For the her of the daughter of my people and my hurt, I am black. Astonishment hath taken hold on me." Is there no bomb in Gide Gilead? Is there no physician there? Why then is not the health of the daughter of my people recovered? Amen. It's Matthew 9. St. Matthew the 9th chapter. Verse nine. And as Jesus passed forth from then, he saw a man named Matthew sitting at the receipt of custom, and he said unto him, "Follow me." And he arose and followed him. And it came to pass as Jesus sat at meat in the house, behold, many publicans and sinners came and sat down with him and his disciples. And when the And when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto his disciples, "Why eateth your master with publicans and sinners?" And when Jesus heard that, he said unto them, "They that behold need not a physician, but they that are sick. Go but go ye and learn what that meanth. I will have mercy and not sacrifice. For I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance." Amen. May God add his blessings through the reading of the word. You can be seated. Every each and every one of you probably know that I've certainly preached on this before, but this is just a direction that I feel led to go with the help of the Lord this morning for a while. Amen. Amen. And I was I was going to speak on on judgment on judgment. Amen. But uh the Lord seemed to have turned my thought a little bit on that. Amen. to titling it God's hospital. Amen. Praise the Lord. And I don't know if we'll do Wednesday, maybe on that other or not. Amen. So this morning's title will be Amen. God's um hospital. Amen. God's hospital. And maybe Wednesday we might be speak on God's courthouse. God's courthouse. Amen. So can we take our time this morning? Amen. Praise the Lord. Certainly enjoyed Wednesday, didn't that? Wasn't that a masterpiece? God really used brother Brad in a special way Wednesday night. Really enjoyed that. Amen. It's always good. Amen. When Amen. you see that anointing come down and just Amen. bring the word out in a way that you've really not seen it before. Amen. So, praise the Lord. So, how many knows we're living in a very sick world? Very, very sick world. Amen. And the re scriptures that we've read here uh of course we seen where Jesus pretty much you know expressed his purpose of coming. Amen. Not to help those that he said those that behold they don't need a physician because he's hanging around publicans. He was hanging around sinners. We know that his reputation was made by with tarots and thieves and ain't that right? Uh fishermen and you know his reputation was made by that. Amen. How many believe God is still the same as he always was? God is still in the healing business. He's still in the healing business. He is the great physician. Amen. Amen. Praise God for the great physician. We know that all healing comes from God. We know that there's not any kind of healing. The devil don't have any power to heal. No. No. There's philosophers and different ones wanted to claim that he could maybe, but you know, uh what was it? Even even with people people that were not even godly people, you know, uh you know that they would get healed through them, they'd say, "Well, what about that?" He says, "Well, there was their faith that did it." It was their faith that they'd be healed that did it. And then we can't come up here and get healed sometimes. When the preacher preaches, I mean, prays for us. Huh? How many believes it's your faith that does it? That's right. Amen. I if I'm not wrong, didn't he say the Beatles? Even the Beatles, people get healed by the Beatles. Thought he was some kind of a god. Certainly wasn't a god. It was, was it? No. But Amen. Not to confuse anybody. We know that even Jesus said, "Many will come that day say, haven't we healed the sick and raised the dead? Haven't we done all these mighty works?" And he said, "Well, yeah, you might have, but I never knew you." Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God is good. Amen. So, A Heziah, Amen. We realized that he had fallen through a lattice. Amen. And he had hurt himself and he wondered whether he was going to get better and he was one of uh he was he was uh king of Israel. Amen. He was king of Israel, but he was evil. and he went to find out and brother makes a statement. He says, you know, he says what a reproach upon a nation. What a reproach it is upon a nation today to find out that people sometimes who call themselves Christians will go to Ouija boards and spiritual meetings and all kinds of Tommy rot like that and fortunes and so forth, fortune tellings and things like that which is of the devil. He says, "Is there because there's no God in heaven? Is it because he doesn't have prophets in his church? Is it because they don't have gifts and revelations and interpretations in the church to consult God? Why would we have to go to such a low degraded thing as that?" Amen. Praise the Lord. We know that brother Bram used this message and this title, Amen, many times to preach on the message called why. Ain't that right? Why? And maybe we'll get into that Wednesday more. But we know that on the day of judgment, God is going to ask one of, you know, one of his main questions going to be why. I think we brought out last last week how that Jesus Christ went to Calvary to supply us with everything that we have need of. Brother Bam here he says, "I've always wondered why that the people will take a substitute for salvation when disguise are full of the real. Why would you eat out of a garbage can when there is a nice clean table sitting ready for you? Amen. How many know the devil offers substitutes? Amen. Many times, one place, Brother Bam, says, you know, you go to a doctor and he just, you know, your head's hurting or your stomach's hurting, something real bad, and you feel like there's something really wrong, and he'll just give you a couple Tylenol, say, "Here, take these. Go home and you'll be all right." He might just want to try to treat the symptoms, but he don't we don't need the symptoms, just treat it. How many know we need to do a little more investigating? We need a cure. We need a cure to the problem. Woo. Thank you, Lord. That's right. Well, when it's ready for it, it shows there's something mentally wrong. Something mentally wrong. That's what's matter with the nation today. people that'll refuse to receive Christ, the Holy Ghost in their hearts to walk and let him lead them like he did in the book of Acts. There's something wrong with that person mentally. Something mentally wrong. How many know we're living? But B said one he said one place he said the whole world will go completely insane. You and I have seen that. You have seen them absolutely say things and I don't like to get political but that's where we saw it. Our political system thought that we we we had such a millennium, brother Brad, that we could dismiss the police force. Now, Brother Brandham said that we could. He did say, you know, if everybody got the cure the way they ought to get the cure, you could dismiss the police force. Everybody would be nice. This red light up here, you could take it down. Why? Because everybody coming to the stop sign and when you come up at the same time, y'all would just be a Well, I don't want to say like a couple blondes say go and nobody ever goes, you know. But you'll be a little confusing. You'd be like, "Hey, you know, you go first. No, you go first." But instead, what we got is people taking off. Ain't that right? And the other person taking off. I was here first and I imag screaming out the window and everything else. Why? Because they haven't got the cure. How many believe God has the cure for every disease, for every sickness that there is? God has got the cure. Woo! Glory. My We couldn't go. Woo! Glory. Amen. Until after Calvary, until after the resurrection, until after the Holy Spirit come back. Because why? They didn't have the cure. No, they tried to serve God. They wanted to serve God, but they never could get that nature changed. They couldn't never get cured of their problem. Amen. I mean, that was Simon Peter had the cure. He had the medicine. Yes, he did. Amen. He was Dr. Peter. Amen. All right. Amen. But Baptist says it's like a man dying on the doctor's doorstep. I wrote up here, the world is dying at the great physician's doorstep. How many know the world is dying? Even Musk, I believe it, says the humanity, he said, is dying. Huh? Brother Bram said, "Civilization, politics, all of it. It's all at its end. Family, marriage at its end. Churchity at its end. Everything is coming to an its end." But aren't you glad that God promised a little restoration in the middle of it all? Amen. He's going to send a word to heal his people. Living in an insane institution, people are completely stuck raving mad. That's right. You ain't got to go to the mental hospital. You're in one. Mentally off. Anybody that hasn't got the Holy Ghost isn't mentally right. Didn't man say a man without the Holy Ghost is a brute beast? the rash of rabbit a woman with a baby in her arm and everything else just a beast. Hello. Amen. Praise the Lord. Listen, when God has made a provision and then people refuse to walk in it, then he's going to ask why. So, we find out that it's like a man dying at the doorstep of a doctor because he won't take the medicine. The doctor has the prescription. He has the remedy for the disease that the man's got. But he sits on the doctor's doorstep and refuses to take his medicine. Then he dies on that doorstep. But it isn't the doctor that doesn't have the prescription. Oh, I like this. It isn't because there's no medicine for the sickness. is because the man's own stubbornness that refuses the doctor's medicine and he'll die. And so you cannot blame the medicine or the doctor because both was there and ready for service. How many believes Jesus is there? He's ready to heal when you get ready. Amen. Praise the Lord. When you get ready, God's ready. And I like this. See, God's got the Holy Ghost tonight for every believer that wants to receive it. We've got anointed preachers. Is there another God in heaven? Brother B says, "Isn't there anointed preachers in the land that preaches it daily and nightly? Is it be Oh my. Yeah. It's their own people's own stubborn ways. They love darkness rather than light. Amen. Amen. It isn't because we ain't got a God. It ain't because we ain't got anointed preachers. It ain't because there ain't a doctor in the house. How many knows when you come to church, you're coming to a hospital. Amen. Amen. You're coming to a hospital. Should I say what comes to mind? It's amazing how much we stay away from the hospital when we're sick. Used they'd cut the roof open and let them in. You know, when they were about dying and sick, we've almost gotten afraid of sickness so much that when we get sick, we stay home. I'm not so sure that that's the right thing to do. Why? because the sick that came to him and healed the sick. Wouldn't it be something somebody come in to? I don't know. I'm just going to follow the leading of spirit. Is that all right? Amen. Somebody here somebody got co somebody's sick. Well, bring them on to church. And quit being so afraid. Maybe if we wouldn't be so afraid, we wouldn't get sick. We're afraid to touch him. Here we go. Brad, that's right. No, just fist bump me. Come on, people. Is that really the right thing or is it fear? Come on. That's right. Y'all getting quiet now. Amen. But that's Christ, isn't it? He heals the sick, raises the dead. He still does those same things. Amen. I was listening to brother Brandham yesterday. He was preaching on God doesn't call a man to judgment without warning him first. Remember that. You ought to listen to it. It's amazing. Brother Bam said in there he covered a lot of stuff but one thing he said he says man I he said I will take down this scripture and that scripture and that scripture and that scripture to preach and he says sometimes I don't even touch any of it. He said because when he gets up here he says he just gets he just he wants to be led by the spirit. Amen. So sometimes a preacher seem like he gets way off his subject off his topic. Don't be so sure. Amen. You get led by the spirit in in the direction that you go and the things that you say. Amen. But he said some things I really liked down towards the end. Amen. He was talking about talking to Mr. D au d a c. How do you pronounce that? Dao. Brother Dao, I guess he's a well known here in around the message or used to be. He was brought talking to brother Dao and and he asked me not long ago. He said, "Brother Bandom, I'm getting old and I'm getting weak, 91." He says, "Do you think I'm ready to die? Do you think I'm ready to go? Do you think I'm saved?" And I said, "Mr. Dao, did you ever go to a doctor for a physical checkup? Amen. That's good, ain't it? So, some of us getting older, I don't care how old you are, young or whatever, you always want to be ready for die to die. Amen. You want to make sure that you are. And he asked Brother Bam, "Do you think I'm ready to die?" Brother Bam says, "All right." He said, "Uh, yeah, I have." He said, "And you tell him now when the doctor," what the doctor does is he's he gets his book laying there and he'll take that book and he finds out. He looks at the thing. The first thing that he ought to that that he does is he checks his heart. So he gets a stethoscope and puts it in his ear and checks his heart. Ain't that about right? I guess me and my wife, we've been doctorred last lately, we've been doctoring more than we ever have been in our life all put together. No matter every time, almost every time that she comes in there, Amen. They'll check her weight. We'll might as well be honest. And she'll hand me the purse here. We don't want to have that on there. I take about 40 lbs off her right [Laughter] there. And next they'll put something around her arm. Is that right? They'll check her blood pressure. see if that blood pressure. They'll put a little pulse thing on her finger to check her pulse. Checking her vitals. How many believes it's checking up time? I believe that it's time for the church to check up. Come on. We have passed so many milestones of a woman in purple already that's messed everything up. Brother Bam said the net thing he thought was a fire coming. I read where brother Bam says and all of the destruction of the world is already in the hangers. That fire is already in the hangers. He said all it's going to take is one person. It's just going to take the right time. I'm going to say is that right? When one of he says one of them gets on the radar they all go off. And he says, "Man, them some of them things will blow a hole 150 ft deep and go out there 150 miles." He says, "Completely fulfilling the scriptures." Amen. My So he says, "That's right." But brother Bam said a stethoscope to check the heart. Check the blood pressure. Make sure your blood pressure is not too high or not too low. Now, I've got several things here wrote down. Hebrews 4. Hebrews 4. And as you go into a doctor's office, many times, especially if you are, let's say you're going to have a complete physical examination or something like that, sometimes the uh the doctor will make you get into a gown or or or they they make you they may get you to strip down completely naked. Isn't that right? And I thought, you know, this position that we have when we come to before the house of God, we come naked before him. There's nothing about us that's hid. It says the word of God is quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to dividing a sunder of soul and spirit and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. So when God goes, he goes deep. Amen. God's got like a CAT scan. They've got CAT scans at the hospital. They've got EKGs. They've got MRIs. They've got all kinds of machines that'll look all the way through your body. If there's anything anywhere in there, they'll tell you, "Hey, that shouldn't be there and that shouldn't be there." How many know that's the way God does when we come to the house of God? [Applause] How many come to the house of God to get examined? When we come to church, we come to get examined. Paul said, "Examine yourself. See whether you be in the faith or not." Don't you know yourselves? Amen. How that Christ dwells in you, least you be a reprobate. In other words, make sure the Holy Ghost is in there or you're irrepate. Examine ourselves. Another place he said about examine ourselves. Amen. He says, you know, over in there in the where the the uh communion scriptures, examine yourselves. Judge yourselves that you be not judged. Ain't that right? Judge yourselves. Amen. Now notice over in Job, we find out that Job 1 and verse 66 says, "Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord." How many believe that's what we do when we come to the house of God chapter 2 was the same verse one again. There was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord and Satan came also. Amen. So when we come to the house of God, when we come to this doctrine, you got to be willing to bear yourself so to speak. Here I am, Lord. See if there any be any wicked way in me. Amen. Because remember Dr. Dao was asking him, "I'm ready to die." But Abraham says, "Well, we're going to have to bring the skithcope out, find out. We're going to have to He said, Brother Brandham said it may be a urine test. They'll take a urine test. You know how much they can tell by your urine? A whole lot. Amen. But mostly a blood test. Mostly a blood test. Let me finish my scripture here. Amen. The intents of the heart. Neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight. But all things are naked and open unto the eyes of him which we have to do. How many know you don't keep a secret from God? God knows all about you. Ain't that right? That's right. Brother Brandham, man, when he was here, he he tap God would come and use him in such a way that'd be preachers maybe on the platform or whatever or even in the congregation and they would think it's telepathy. He says, "No, it's not telepathy. Stop thinking that." Ain't that right? He could tell them what they were thinking. Goes all the way deep. Amen. Aren't you glad that we've had a prophet like that? We've had the Messiah sign come in this generation. Woo. How many believe that God came and gave us the medicine that we needed in this generation? Amen. To get out of here to be healthy, to be happy. But sometimes we've got to examine ourselves. And that's what we want to do this morning. examine ourselves. Amen. So, it's all naked before him. Amen. Now, notice the next thing he does, he gets his blood pressure thing out. Amen. Puts pressure on his arm. Then a urine specimen perhaps or sample and what more? And some blood out of him and all these different things. Goes all through it. If he can't find nothing, takes an X-ray. If he can't find nothing, he'll say, "Mr. Dou, you're physically all right." Amen. See, what's he basing it upon? On the conditions out of the medical book, that if there's anything wrong according to the head scientist, it'll show up there. It'll do this here. It'll do that there. Whatever. as far as he can tell anything about it. You're all right. See, physically, just one one Monday, I believe it was, Donna and I went back to read her uh blood work to see what her blood work was like. Amen. How many knows when you cancer your blood blood red cells and white cells and and your cholesterol level, all kinds of things. And I asked her this morning, "Honey, what was some of them things that he said that uh you know was in your blood that this was all right?" And he she says, "Well, I don't remember." And I'm like, "Well, I always wanted to preach on it this morning." But I'm not a nurse like Brother Brad and some of them in here, so they they could probably do this better than I. But one of the things was, and you know what the good part was? He says, "Your cholesterol still a little high at 150. It was there 180 and now it's on 150." and and and by the time Tommy knows it ain't fun no taking no blood pressure medicine, cholesterol pills and blood pressure medicine stuff. Amen. And so but it was went from 180 to 150. I says it's coming down. So and all of the other things, everything else in your blood looks good. I'll be glad to hear that. Looks good. Glory. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Ain't that what we want our doctor to tell us this morning? Look, everything in your life, it's looking good. Praise the Lord. Amen. A lot of times, another thing they do is take your temperature. Is that right? See what your temperature is like. They might put your hand their hand on your forehead. You ever had anybody that had a fever and their forehead's cold or hot? one or the other cold. How many knows whenever a person comes into the hospital, a lot of times they'll be pale and sick. How many knows you trying to kind of change when you get sick? You don't look as good as you did before your face. Amen. You're just under duress perhaps and may turn white or whatever. If you're really sick, it really shows. Amen. So don't so don't come to the house of God with a frown. All sick looking. Come with a smile. We want to come healthy. Ain't that right? But if you're not, then you're in the right place. How many believe that? You don't have to stay sick. You don't have to stay cold. Amen. Brother Brandham had a way of diagnosing a a a a a church. Sometimes you go into some of these churches and man it is cold in there. You can preach your heart out all you want to and everybody just huh. He said a woman in the back or somebody scream maybe or something. You know they might be a little hot. Now how many knows God wants you hot? He don't want you cold. He don't want you lukewarm. He wants us hot this morning. So if you're hot, then you're might be doing all right. But if amens and hallelujah and screams and shoutings and all of that, if that bothers you, hello, makes cold shivers run down your spine, what better say, when you get over there, you're going to freeze to death cuz there's going to be a whole lot of that going over there. And I ain't waiting till I get over there. I'm doing it here. Aren't you? That's right. I'm going to praise God a little bit. He's healed me. He has saved me from my sin. He's healed me from my sickness. Why shouldn't I praise him? Amen. I haven't been to a lot of message churches, but from what I understand, some of them it can be pretty cold. Everybody sits there and they've heard it before. They've heard it before. They're sitting there waiting for you to tell them some new thing. Amen. Amen. But you know, I'll get into it Wednesday. The story of the little wagon. Amen. And the fire on the prairie. Ain't that right? Next day, next Sunday or the Sunday before uh our service, I think it's Mother's Day. Ain't that right? I'm already thinking of what I'm going to preach on Mother's Day. and stories to me that just don't get old. Huh? Tell me the story of Jesus again. Tell me about Calvary again. Tell me of how he paid for my sin. Tell me of how that he took my judgment. Tell me of how much he loved me so much that he ran into the fire and saved me. That's right. Glory. You know what y'all sound like this morning? Y'all sound like a bunch of trees that have leaves on them and the wind's blowing and all of the leaves are clapping their hand. There's some life in that tree. They're not dead. Amen. And I want to tell you, they got some life in them. They're not dead. This church ain't dead. It's alive. Amen. Wherever Christ is, there's always noise. Oh, there's times of peace, but there's also times of noise. Amen. Why? Because where Christ is, there's life. I don't care if I do get 90 years old and I have got the up here like that. I hope that the Holy Ghost gets a hold of me like he did that preacher that 90. You ain't got enough room up here for me to preach. You might be about dead. You might get backsliden away from God, but just keep eating food. Keep going to church. Amen. And I'm trying to tell you, your youth will renew itself. Woo. It'll renew itself. This is some renewing juice right here. Amen. But we need to get a good injection. Don't go my Uhoh. I'm getting too many pills, brother Brad. I've been taking too many of them pills. Don't you love them go pills? They do something for you. That's right. What we need is some more gospels. Some go pills. We need people to take some gospels. It'll make you feel better. That's right. Amen. I've never taken opium. Ain't that right? But I understand they they make it so that when you're having surgery and you got cut on and you're hurting like the Dickens, the Dickens is okay, right? You're really hurting. They'll give you a pill. It'll have some opium that came from a lily that was crushed. Isn't that right? It's where it comes from from understand it. I remember I'm going to tell it again. I remember my wife's heart was hurting. It was hurting for some reason. He had a murmur or something in it. They went to the doctor and they gave her a couple of somethings. And we come home and I said, "Yeah, I am just fine." She was feeling fine. It may have just been a treating the symptoms, but she wasn't hurting none, I'm here to tell you. But I want to tell you this morning, I've never taken that that I know of. But I do have, Amen. that great awesome that opium that comes from that crushed lily. And he's the lily of the valley that was crushed on Calvary. And when you take of that, I'm going to tell you, he's got the remedy for your blues. You got the blues and you're downhearted, he's got something for you in here. Amen. Amen. I thank God for his medicine cabinet. I mean, God has a medicine cabinet. Amen. That's right. Now, he checks your pulse. That right? Making sure that your heart boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom that it's beating just the way that it should. Amen. How we may know is that we need our heart to beat to the rhythm of the word. Amen. Acts 2:38. Yes. Amen. Is amen. Preacher says that's the way to get it is Acts 238. By one spirit are we all baptized into one body. Give me some rhythm. Amen. Amen. Let our hearts beat to the rhythm of the gospel. Amen. Praise the Lord. Check your blood pressure. I don't know under I'm not a doctor, but it's so that that pressure is flowing through there real good. Brother John, he went to the doctor. Heart hurting. You know, right? I want to get mine checked. I need to get I keep saying that. Keep saying I need to get it checked. I need to go to the doctor. I I really do need to go to the doctor. Just need to do it instead of talking about it. But what happens? There's something not right. My heart's hurting. That right? Go to the doctor and what do they do? They shoot you with some dye. Is that right? And they want to go all through there and they chase chase that down. I guess you said you watched it go to those different places and they tell you what percentage and how much of your arteries are blocked or how much h how far they're blocked. And one thing you don't want is your arteries to block. How many believe that we need so important that you have good blood flow? Amen. Good blood flow. Amen. We're sitting there at the doctor's office and they're telling you all these different things to do. He says, "And it and it comes on the screen and he says, you know, try running a little bit. Try running a little." Okay. Well, that's I do that. I did that this morning. Went and ran a little bit to get your blood flowing. And if you can't run, it says try walking fast. Do something, but get some exercise. Amen. Amen. Cuz they want to do they know that you need to get your heart pumping. It needs to flow cuz it is has a cleansing effect. When that blood's flowing, it does a lot of things. It gets a lot of cures. It keeps you clean and stuff. Amen. And boy, it's the devil's job to try to bring blockages in your life, in your walk with God. He wants to block. Amen. In warfare, what did they do? They cut off the supply line. Then you're going to be defeated. And if you get that supply line cut off to your heart, you're going to die. It's important. Amen. That we have flow through me, Holy Spirit. Flow through me. flow through me, Lord. How many believe we need a good flowing of the Holy Ghost in the church, then you'll have a healthy church. If you got good blood flow, Amen. He has a way of looking to see how much that Holy Spirit's flowing through you. The devil will do anything to block that. Amen. To block it. Amen. Oh my. All right. Blood test. Blood test is to test all different aspects whether your iron is where it's supposed to be. Ain't that right? And one thing is, let me just ask you this. What's the most important thing for you to have a good report on your blood test? It's your diet hardly any any time. But that doctor will ask you what you eat and you need to eat more fiber. You need to eat this and less bad cholesterol, more good cholesterol. Eat more fish. You know that cholesterol is good. But that beef fat that you fry up, maybe that's not just the best for you. Good cholesterol, bad cholesterol. But the diet, how many beliefs are a good healthy Christian, your diet is so important people? How many believes even brother Bam said he said if you want to get closer to God, read more, feed more, eat right. What we eat daily, what we eat every hour, daily, our daily habit, those habits, isn't that right? A good eating habit is one of the best things you can have. And that is spiritually speaking. Amen. Keep your mind on him. Blessed be he whose mind is on thee. Amen. Praise the Lord. But like I said, sometimes we need the Holy Spirit to go right down into our arteries. Go right up there and find out what is it. What's causing the blockage? How many would say this morning, I want to know what's keeping me from being well? Lord, show me. Is there no bomb in Gilead? Is there no physician there? Then he asked why then the answer must have been yeah must have been yeah there is a physician there we've got a physician in the house there's a doctor in the house I'm glad that when you go to this emergency room you don't have to wait for half a day. Isn't that frustrating? Hey, this is an emergency. I'm supposed to get waited on. But they put you in the back of the line. Folks, if you aren't in about dead, they're not going to take you first. They're going to put you in a long line, long waiting line. But God don't do that. When you come to him, say, "God, I need rejuvenation. I need to have some attention, Lord." He is there for you. That's what he come for. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. That's right. Brother Abraham says, "Well, you he said if you love God, if you've got the Holy Ghost, we can't hardly wait to get to church. Can't wait for them doors to open. Why? You got to check that heart. Where your heart is, where your treasure is, that's where your heart will be." How many believe we need to have a heart test? See where our heart's at. See where our love is. See what we love. See what we thirst for, long for. What's our passion? Amen. Hallelujah. God is good, isn't he? See, God's going to ask on the day judgment, why didn't you receive the Holy Ghost? Why wasn't you born of the spirit? Why was you the way that you are when God has provided everything that we have need of humanity? Isn't it something that humanity whosoever will let him come and drink of the fountain of life? The bride and the spirit say come. Ain't that right? All of it. Come and drink. Come and get it. But they refuse to get it. It burns me up, brother Tommy. Burns us up. That's why you go to prison. You can do what you can. say, "Don't you people realize that you can have joy unspeakable? You can have peace in your heart. You can be washed. You can you you can be healed of your sickness, of carnality, of the lusts of the flesh, cuz it'll cure." How many believe the the Holy Ghost is the cure? The Holy Spirit is the cure. Not mental philosophy, but the Holy Ghost is the cure. Brother Bram say that they're in the upper room waiting for that prescription to come down, waiting for that medicine to come down, waiting. Amen. I don't know about you, but sometimes when I go to the doctor, I don't want him to give me a pill. Why? Because that has to go into your stomach and then it has to work out through your bloodstream. There you go, doctor. There's a good vein right there. Ain't that right? Give me an injection. Right. Straight to the bloodstream. Is that right? That's what they do most of the time. Go straight to the bloodstream. Inject me with the cure. Amen. I'll go into this for just a few minutes, but we know that brother Bam says in medicine in in the medicine world. You know before penicellin even came into existence they had to find where to get that and how to get it and how how many people's lives it saves now and how many antibiotics how many left for antibiotics and the antibiotics that help you and all of that has to be you know and first before they test it and they might get a mouse or a rat and they'll test it on a guinea pig so to speak to make sure it works on them and then they'll get real brave and get some volunteers and you'll have to sign hey if you drop dead you can't sue You ain't going to sue him anyway if you're dead, but you know your family. That's right. And then all of a sudden, yeah, it works. Yeah, it works. How many knows that when John saw the spirit descending like a a dove from heaven, come upon Christ. Amen. Jesus was being injected with God himself, with the spirit. Hello. And the devil took him out on a mountain. Is that right? He went up on a mountain to be tempted of the devil. Woo! How many knows that inoculation held? It worked. When he came to Legion, and the legion of devils, thousands of them, I'm telling you now, it worked. It cured Legion. The woman at the well, it cured her. The woman that touched the hem of his garment, it cured her. When he came and laid his hands on that epileptic child that the the disciples couldn't even heal, couldn't even cast him out. When he spoke to him, what happened? He was healed. When it come to going to dying to himself, the greatest battle that he ever fought was in the garden of Gethsemane. Am I going to go through this or am I not? Huh? Will I call for those legions of angels? He said, if it's possible, father, it was rough on him in his flesh. If it's possible, let the pass from maybe. But nevertheless, not my will. It held. That inoculation held and he went to Calvary, took the stripes, was put to death, and it raised him back up again. Hallelujah. It works. How many is counting on that for you and if he raise you raise with him? Amen. And he said, "You go to city of Jerusalem until you get the inoculation. You wait there. Cuz if you don't, Peter, you're still going to want to cut people's ears off. Huh? All you other disciples, you're forsake me cuz you need something more than what you got. How many knows? And that's for the churchgoer, young people, you got to have more than your mama's experience, daddy's experience, or a mental conception. You got to have the baptism of the Holy Ghost on the inside. Woo! That's right. They were up there, from what I understand, scared, worried that they're going to come after them and crucify them like they did their Lord. They were up there hiding and their doors locked, waiting on the promise. But when that promise come, Amen. And the pillar of fire come down and divided himself. Would to God that it happened this morning that that pillar of fire would divide himself a little bit here. Amen. And the people begin to speak with another tongue. Woo. That's right. Appalachian coming down said, "Where's that devil at?" Peter came out of the upper room. Sing, "Where you at? We ain't scared no more." Woo! Glory. Went out there and preached the gospel. Amen. Spreading the gospel. Spread the fire. Amen. When you took their post, they were hot. They were on fire for God. Amen. Amen. He got out there and preached told him how to just Lord whom you've crucified. God has made him both Lord and Christ. This Jesus whom you've crucified. God has made him both Lord, father, son, and holy ghost. He's all three. Amen. And all the brethren, it says they were pricricked in their hearts. They said, "What shall we do? What shall we do?" Amen. Dr. Peter, what shall we do? Dr. Peter says, "I've got the prescription. Jesus gave me the keys. Whatever I lock will be locked. Whatever I unlock will be unlocked." I want you to understand that. And I want to give you it exactly the way that Jesus gave it to me. Amen. Wait till Jerusalem till ye beued with power from on high. Then open he their understanding. Repentance and remissions of sins should be preached in his name beginning at Jerusalem. He had the revelation. I got the revelation. Repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins. and it'll eradicate that desire for sin. It won't just eradicate sin, but it'll take the very desire for sin out. That's what we need. It's a desire for sin out completely burned. God eradicate it. Amen. Praise the Lord. A real new birth. be born again by the spirit of God. Make you a new creature. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. Old things have passed away. Behold, all things have become new. Let me quickly go here. We won't go much long, but I don't want to skip this. I want to try to get this. All right. So he says to Dr. Dah, he says, he says, uh, now I said in this case, he says, I'm going to give you a soul examination. See, and God for the soul only has one instrument. That's right. That's his word. Brother Da also said, he said, "Well, I'd like to be living. I want I want to see the rapture so bad." 91 back then. I want to see the rapture so bad. I said, "All right, let me see what the science book says here to it." The soul science. How many believe this is the book for your soul? This is where you go for. This is the examination right here. This is what the doctor has to go to. Every other man's word is a lie. You got to come according to this. Amen. That's right. The soul. And I said, well, it says here. And then he goes into second Corinth second Thessalonians. We which are alive and sleep. But I want to go a little different route. He said, "So you take the book. I want to be in the rapture." How many wants to be in the rapture? How many like to examine yourself to see whether you'll be in the rapture or not? Cuz he said here, "Whether you're dead or whether you're sleeping, they which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them." Amen. The dead in Christ shall rise first. He says, "No matter what, if you're a real Christian, you're going to be there." But there's a way for us to look to examine oursel to see whether you'll be in the rapture or not. Now, I didn't bring the quotes this morning, but I'll maybe just repeat them a little bit. Let me see here. But one of the things that we have to examine ourselves about of whether you're going into rapture or not must be on the next page or something. I thought I wrote it down. probably wrote it on the back of one of these papers. All right. Who wants to be my illustration person? All right. Come on. You You You dress up awful nice. Doesn't he dress good? You're You're You qualify, brother. Okay. Amen. That I'm happy. I'm chosen. Right. Amen. You're chosen. So, we want to go do an examination of whether you'll be in the rapture or not. Would that be all right? That'd be fine. Well, I'm going to be there. Let me ask you this. When people treat you real bad, do you get back at them? Nope. No. I used to, but not the new. The new me says, "I'll just forgive you because you don't know what you're doing to me." Oh, wow. So, you already have forgiveness in your heart. Wow. He passed the first two tests right there, didn't he? That's right. Not holding grudges. And you have love for people when they don't treat you right. That's right. Isn't that right? What about when things go wrong and really bad wrong and you're between a rock and a hard place? Do you get upset? No. I just have patience. I know it's going to work out. I put it in the Lord's hands and believe it or not. Oh boy, I like to hear that. Did you hear that? He says he puts it in the Lord. That p he passed the test. Put it in the Lord. Trust in the Lord. Ain't that right? When you get between a rock and that's when what the thing you got to have faith, you got to have perfect faith. That when bad things happen and so forth that you commit yourself to God. Amen. You don't let fear get a hold of you. What about like um now this is a good one, but let me just say this. all of your good deeds that you did to the neighbor and all of these religious demonstrations that you maybe have done and buying a widow coal and being all of that. Do you reckon that's going to qualify you? No. Takes more than work. It takes more than work, don't it? That's right. But Abraham says all of your religious demonstrations and everything won't get you there. Ain't that right? That's right. Amen. So, do you love everybody? I do. I try to love everybody. I do. Sometimes the uh transsexuals might. We'll forgive you for that. No, we love them too. We do, but we don't like what they do. We don't do admonish at all what they do. That's right. It's It's absolutely wrong. But Amen. So that's the basically the final question was, "Do you have perfect love?" Well, I do now. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. You do [Applause] now. Cuz remember Bam says all of your religions, don't you? He says it'll take perfect love to put you there. Amen. How many believe that? You can't have Amen. A couple questions I didn't ask him. Do you Do you have a bitter taste in your mouth? When somebody does you die, do you have bitterness in your mouth? Do you have bitterness? How many knows bitterness ain't going to be there? No. That bitterness means you have a grudge that you hold against somebody when there's no bitterness and you got complete forgiveness. Perfect love casts out bitterness. Amen. It'd be a disqualification to have bitterness in your heart. You got to forgive everybody. But Abraham says perfect love. Amen. When whether they pat you on the back, what about when you do somebody good and they do you wrong? He said when even when they do you wrong, you still pat scratch their back. It takes perfect love to put you there. Lord, help us. How many say, "God, help me. I want perfect love, perfect faith." Amen. That'll put you in the rapture. Amen. I think in closing, we have to examine ourselves. I hope Joe don't mind if I say something that he said in the prayer room last week. He mentioned he says, "You know, we're living in the hour that those little things maybe that you've done wrong or whatever, you need to get them right. It's time that you want to have them right. You want to be ready to meet the Lord." Amen. And I said, "That's what the Holy Spirit will do, Brother Joe. How many believes that the Holy Spirit will help you examine your own life? You will examine yourself to see whether you're in the faith or not. And that Holy Spirit cares about every little detail about you. Just like that doctor, he cares about every portion of that blood test. Okay? This this this this all needs to be in a certain category for you to be healthy. Amen. How many believes that's the way it is with us? Your faith needs to be where it needs to be. Your love needs to be. Your prayer life needs to be. Your diet, daily diet needs to be where it needs to be. Amen. If you're going to be a healthy Christian, how many wants to be a healthy Christian? Say, "God, help me to be a healthy Christian." Stand with me, Lord. Take away any blockages. Isn't that right? Take away those bad things that are in my blood that cause blockages. Amen. Between me and God. Amen. How many say, "Lord, that's what I want. Take any thing that causes blockage. Take that bad fat away. Take that those bad things out of my life. Take them out of my life. Take them out of my blood. Amen. So that it could flow free. That you could have your way in my life." Amen. God bless you, brother Joshua. Creating me a clean heart. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renewer right spirit within me. Oh create in me a clean heart. Oh God and renew her right spirit within me. [Music] Oh, cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from [Music] me. Restore unto [Music] me the joy of thy [Music] salvation and renewer thy spirit within me. [Music] Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Oh, createate in me a clean heart, oh God, and renewer right spirit within me. Oh, cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from [Music] me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Jesus be the Lord of all the kings. Jesus be the Lord of [Music] all. Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all the [Music] kingoms of my heart. Jesus I surrender. Oh Jesus I [Music] surrender all. [Music] Jesus I surrender all. Jesus I surrender all the kingoms of my heart. Jesus be the Lord. Glorious Jes. Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be, the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all. the kingoms of my heart and let me walk with you, [Music] Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. [Music] For without you I could never make heaven my home. So let me let me walk with you Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. For without you, I could never. Don't never make heaven my home. Oh yes, let me walk with you, Jesus. Don't never leave me alone. For without you I could [Music] never never make heaven my home. [Music] Amen. Aren't you thankful? He promised to never leave us or forsake us. Amen. It's been good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. As you're dismissed, just take this atmosphere with you and we'll just sing I'm a new creation. As we're dismissed this [Music] morning, he redeemed me. [Music] Oh, I've been born again to win. And I think God he justified me.
