################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - Bro Ben Norrod • 62925 • Sun • Reverential Fear - Ben Norrod.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-29
Title:   Bro Ben Norrod • 6/29/25 • Sun • Reverential Fear
Speaker: Ben Norrod
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIYuLSvN-es
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Good morning. Let's stand. Um, brother brother Joe, would you open us in a word of prayer? our heart. Everybody's not where they need to be. We've got brothers and sisters not brother and sisters. They're not we just breath of that. We realize some people they don't want to talk about We realize it's because they're lost and they're unlike this morning. I ask everyone that's here. We ask the preacher when he comes that you would like our brother Brad call like a long faces depressed anxiety with all kind of sist Lord Jesus ask you know the preacher don't go ain't going to hinder me if my daddy don't go it's not going to hinder me we allitude this morning it'll be us we ask you help us this day all the scripture reading with the sick and the love. Amen. Uh children can be dismissed to Sunday school. Let's open our Bibles to Psalms Psalms 148. Say amen when you have it. Praise ye the Lord. Praise ye the Lord from the heavens. Praise him in the heights. Praise ye. Praise ye him son and moon. Praise him all ye stars of light. [Music] Let them praise the name of the Lord. For he commanded and they were created. Praise the Lord from the earth, ye dragons and all deeps. mountains and all hills, fruitful trees and all cedars. Let them praise the name of the Lord. For his name alone is excellent. His glory is above the heaven, the earth and heaven. He also exaltth the horn of his people. The praise of all his saints, even of the children of Israel, a people near unto him. Praise ye the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Um, brother Brian, you can all be seated. Morning, brothers and sisters. I was just going to, you don't have to turn here. I was going to read a scripture. You know, I was thinking this morning, well, not so much thinking, trying to come up with a thought on what to say this morning. And the the thing that really struck me this morning is I was just thinking the scriptures say and brother Brandham said, you know, as we come to the end, the very world out there, the spirit that's in the world is trying to bind you as an individual, it's trying to bind everybody to a creed or to a way that's not the true way of the word of God. And I was I was thinking this morning, I'll just read these three scriptures here and I just see where it goes. And this is uh Genesis 12. And it says, "Now the Lord had said unto Abram, his name hadn't been changed yet. Get thee out of the country from the kindred and from thy father's house and the land I will show thee." And he also pro, this is a promise that he gave Abraham. Uh, I will make thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great, and thou shalt be a blessing, and I will bless them that bless thee, and curse them that curse thee, and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed. And I was just thinking the the world out there whether whether it's Muslim or whether it's Christian or Jew it it's just trying to bind people to a creed like I said earlier away that's not in the word of God this morning. But the what really strikes me is the amount of anti-semitism that you see out there in the world. You know, we we we just live in little old Kentucky, but if you go to Europe or you go to uh nations in Europe, the anti-semitism, the amount of anti-Jew hatred in the world is unbelievable. It's just increasing as it goes on. And it won't be too long here. And and people read that scripture this morning and it'll it'll make them angry. But the thing they forget that through Abraham, we have our blessing this morning too. The whole world was blessed in Abraham. But let me and these people will accuse you of being a Zionist. But when when you read something like that and people tell you, well, um, God doesn't deal with the children of Israel anymore. He's moved on to the church of Jesus Christ. Well, I was listening to all these debates and all this struggle people had. And what really struck me outside of the word of God this morning, anything that is that you receive outside of the word of God, to me, it's just propaganda. It's nothing but propaganda. If it ain't if it ain't in the word of God or the message of the hour, to me, I just shake my head. It's just nothing but propaganda out there. Whether it's on whatever whatever wherever you get your news or whatever anything out there, it's just all propaganda. It's all you don't know what to believe anymore because it's people have their own way or they want their own idea or want they're trying to influence you to go away that you should. And I was just thinking if you didn't have the word of God this morning, where would we be this morning? What kind of people would we be? You know, and the problem with the church The problem with the church, you know, there's church natural and church spiritual. You know what the problem with the church and with the believers? And I see this a lot when you're dealing with Muslims and Jews. Most Christians, you know, they have to walk away. You know why they have to walk away? Most Jews know their Torah, know what they believe. And most Muslims know the Quran and know what they believe. And then when you just Christians, they don't know what they believe. They don't spend any time in the word of God. They don't get grounded in the word of God. And most important, they don't have a relationship with Jesus Christ. It's just a song and a dance to them. It's just all it's all aesthetics. It's something they go every Sunday and they leave every Sunday and the person in the individual has been changed. So when they interact with people in the world, there's no foundation. So they can be easily quieted down and really made to know what they be embarrassed to know they don't really know what they believe. But I was just thinking anytime someone talks to you saying that well and actually in the church world that we live in, you know, they would consider me a heretic because actually there's a lot of mainline denominations out there that don't believe the children of Israel have a right to be a nation again. So they would consider you a heretic. But I don't know if you all would know this, but if someone was questioning what I just read in in the uh 13th and 12th chapter, if you read those next 10 chapters, Abraham's name wasn't changed for a few chapters later, but they forget that the whole um I'm I'm going to say this again. And the the whole world was blessed in Abraham. and really strikes me if and you see what's happened over the last couple of thousands of years, any of the nations that fought against Israel, are they here on the face of the earth anymore? No, they're not here. They're dust. Their memory is gone. Moab is gone. Ammon is gone. All those nations are gone. They're not no more anymore. anyone that decided to fight against it and it's no different there will be outside of you walking in Christ there'll be no membrance of anything or anyone but really struck me I I don't I'm not going to say that I know I say that a lot but you know it's really important for the believer this morning I know they've been for the last couple of months you know the theme has been if you know we all know what the message of the hour. Just like they were talking, you know, Brother Brham said, "Full obedience to the word of God." What does it entitle you to? It entitles you to the token. It entitles you to the literal life of Jesus Christ, the very presence of Christ in your heart and life this morning. But you have to be obedient to the whole word of God. And if you don't know the word of God, how do you know to be obedient to it? And I'm if I read this whole chapter, but anytime someone questions your theology, Brother Brandham taught a lot of messages about this too, but I I would always go there's several other chapters I would go to, but I would always go to the 11th chapter of Romans. When people tell you that and then anytime someone talks to you about the children of Israel not having representation in the end time, well then we know that you can go to Daniel the 70 weeks. You know that they're going to be have be a nation again. You can go to Revelations where God's going to deal with him sending two prophets. But you have to know the word of God to be able to apply it. And I was just going to read what Paul had to say here. And another thing I ask people and this is really striking just like we believe that brother Brown was the prophetic voice for this day and age. I always ask people do you believe that Paul was the prophetic voice for the first church. Do you believe he is the one that God intended to put set the church in order? And their their answer lets you know exactly fundamentally where they are in the scriptures. But I'll read what this is a long chapter. I'll cut it. I'll go start at the beginning. But the 11th chapter of Romans and it deals with this that you know the wild branch and the good branch. And it says here I say then hath God cast away his people? God forbid. Paul's already establishing this here. For I also am an Israelite of the seed of Abraham of the tribe of Benjamin. God hath not cast away his people which he forneew. What not? For the scripture saith of Elias, he hath maketh intercession to God against Israel, saying, Lord, they have killed thy prophets. Dig down thy altars. I am left alone to seek thy life. But we know what the answer. But he saith the answer onto him, I have reserved to myself 7,000 men who have not bowed the knee to the image of Bal. And it's no different in our day and age. There's individuals here that are the same way that God has put his token on you this morning. Even so, then at the present time, there be a remement according to election grace. And I'm going to jump up to about the 12th the 12th verse, not reading all this, and then sit down. Now, if if it fall on them to be the riches of the world, and the dim I'm at the 12th verse, diminishing of them the riches of the gentile, how much more their fullness. For I speak to you Gentiles, this so much which I am apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify my office. And if by any means I might provoke to emulation them which are of my flesh might save some. For if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world, what shall the receiving of them be? But for the life from dead? For if the first fruit be holy, the lump is hol is also holy. And if the root be holy, so are the branches. So anything that's from that original tree that God, if he springs out another branch, it's going to be holy, too. Boast not against the branches, but if thou boast, thou beest not the root, but the root there. If thou will say, then the branches were broken off, and I might be grafted in. This is where I think uh brother Brandham talk a lot of this is where I think most Christian churches don't really see it is that it should humble us to know that God was willing to deal with us as Gentiles and that put us in this tree to make give us representation on that day and then uh they say then the branches were broken off that I might be grafted. Well, because of unbelief, they were broken off. And thou standest by faith. Be, and Paul says this, "Be not high minded, but fear. For if God spared not the natural branches, take heed, least he also spare not thee." And I I'm not going to read this whole chapter, but that's what really strikes me. It's getting to be a late hour. I mean, I know for the preachers come up, I've when you get the older you get, you've heard it a thousand times. It's getting late. The hour is late. But I can say in my own heart, it is a late hour. And the, you know, you hear people say the time for playing church is over. But we're well past that statement right now. I mean, as an individual, I can see right now the way the world is, the way the church is, that it's really important that every hour and every minute of your life, you're connected to that source this morning. That the presence of Jesus Christ and the word of God, there's no way that you'll be successful in the world this morning or in this life if you're not connected. If you get disconnected from that presence, it it's just not a place to be anymore. It the world is a I just think of how quick it's going. You know, Brother Brandham said it's going to get quicker and quicker and quicker. You know, you can't count, you know, well, it used to be a day or two maybe things would change. Now it's it could the whole world could be different 10 minutes from that's how quick the age that we live in is this morning. And without the grace of God this morning, who would we really be? And I I really think of that a lot. So anyway, and then when you say that this I'll just finish with a thought. Always remember that Peter in the in the second book of Peter in the third chapter, Peter points back to Paul and identify who Paul is in the scripture. So the teachings of Paul are just as important as any other scripture. So you'll have a lot of Christians that'll fuss with you about the teachings of Paul. Well, the teachings of Paul, the teach, it's all the word of God. And we're all accountable for every word that God speaks. Brother David, excuse me. Amen. It's good to be here. Is it okay if I give a little praise report before singing the first song? Um, so on Thursday we were working out at uh land between the lakes right now and uh Thursday it was a hot sunny day and in the afternoon a big rain cloud come dumped a lot of rain everywhere and we're hauling logs and uh Jonah just loaded me and I left the woods and about 30 minutes later I was on a two-lane highway and uh it just rained real hard for about 15 minutes and road was real slick and I was coming up to a intersection just with stop signs on the side. I I had the ride away and uh so I'm doing about 55 and I'm fully loaded and there's two cars waiting to pull out and uh across the intersection there's like a restaurant right there like right off the road and there's not a lot of space on either side and um as I was coming through the first car pulled out he had plenty of time and so I kind of just tapped on the brakes got down to about 50. Well, the car behind him decided he wanted to go too, so he hammered it and I guess it was a rear wheel drive car because he did a total 360 facing back the way he started. Well, he kept on it and did another 180 and came back into my lane. I guess he panicked and he slammed the brakes. So, next thing I knew, my lane was just totally blocked and I was maybe 300 yards from him with a fully loaded truck doing 50 and it was really slick. So, I about stood up on the air bra and I felt my truck slide forward and I had a line that I could pick that was just kind of diagonal left of him because his bumper was still even in the other lane. So, I just picked that line and just held my steering wheel. I was like, I really don't want to roll this truck. And uh the my truck kept tracking and I was able to go around him. I I I didn't look at my mirrors, but I'd guess it was probably 6 in that I missed his car by and cuz he was taking up part of both lanes and uh but yeah, and then so I was able to regain traction, get back on the road and keep going on. But I just want to thank the Lord for watching over me, protecting me that day. Now, let's sing. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his home, holy, bless his holy name. Bless the Lord. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his whole bless his holy name. For he has done great things. Oh yes, for he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Bless his holy name. Bless the Lord. Oh, bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me, bless his holy bless his holy name. Let's stand and sing. He has done great things. Oh yes, for he has done great things. [Music] Oh, he has done great things. He has done great things. Bless his holy [Music] name. He has done great things for He has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Bless his holy name. He paid a debt. He did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. And he paid a debt at Calvary. He cleans my soul and set me free. I'm glad that Jesus ended all my sins. be raised. And I now can sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. [Music] And one day he's coming back for me to live with him eternally. Won't it be glory to see him on that day? [Music] And I then will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long, Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. One day he's coming back. Oh, one day he's coming back for me. To live with him eternally won't be glory. Oh, to see him on that day. And I then will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. He paid a debt. Oh, he paid that debt. He did not. Oh, I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. May give the Lord a hand of praise this morning. Lord, we lift your name this morning. We thank you for all your good deeds, Lord. Hallelujah. Let's sing shout to the Lord this morning. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days. I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath and all that I am. Never cease to worship you, Lord. Shout to the Lord, all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty, praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the works of your hands. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Oh my Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. all of my days. Oh, I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. [Music] You're my comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Oh, let every breath and all that I am never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty, praise to the king. The mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the works of your hands. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Nothing compares. Oh, nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Amen. Let's lift up the name of the Lord Jesus this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. [Music] Oh, how great thou are. Oh, how great thou are. And then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. Oh, how great thou are. How great thou are. Then sings my soul. And then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. Oh, how great thou are. Oh, how great thou are. Then sings my soul, my savior, dear God to thee. [Music] Oh, how great thou are. How great thou are. Let's sing it one more time before we go to prayer. And then sings my soul I say. Oh to thee. [Music] Oh how great thou are. Oh how great thou are. And then sings my soul. I say your God to thee. Oh, how great thou are. How great thou are. Amen. We serve a great God this morning. Amen. Do you have a need this morning? Amen. He's here to meet them. Amen. You may have your seats this morning. We invite the brothers for the offering. and brother Michael John, Brother Danny, and Brother Paul if you'd come this morning. Amen. We have no written requests this morning. I know we're a needy people and man, I wonder, brother Ber, if you just come and take prayer, okay, for the young folks went to BYC. All right. All right. Let's bow our heads. Precious and kind heavenly father, as we so enjoy your presence, Lord Jesus, just basking, Father, in your presence, Lord Jesus, knowing, Lord Jesus, that it's truly you that we feel this morning, Lord. And Lord, we come before you now, Father, asking God, first of all, a blessing upon the offering that's about to be taken. We ask, God, that you would, Lord, it would go to the intended purpose, Lord Jesus, that it would bring honor and glory to you, Lord. bless those who have to give and those who don't Lord and Father we do want to remember the young folks that's Lord that's BYC God Lord we ask God that you will do a supernatural work in every one of their lives Lord and may they come home closer to God closer to you Lord than what they left Lord Father give them a real experience Lord Jesus that they'll never be able to get away from all the days of their life Lord and we ask that not only for them for anyone here Lord that doesn't have that experience experience, Lord Jesus. We know that it's sovereignly given, divinely given, Lord, but our families and our loved ones, we pray, God, that you'll give each and every one of them of your grace, Lord Jesus, to be saved and to be filled with your Holy Spirit and to have a relationship with you on a daily basis to have you as their God. Father, we thank you for this time together now. And we ask, God, that you'll bless Brother Ben, Lord, this morning in a special way. Lord Jesus, also Father, give him the words to speak, Lord, that will bring healing to our bodies and to our souls, Lord Jesus. We ask this in Jesus name. Amen and amen. God bless you. Amen. Can we sing Teach Me Lord to wait this morning? Oh, teach me Lord to wait. [Music] Down on my knees till in your own good time. You answer my please. Teach me not to rely on what others do, but to wait in prayer for an answer from you. And they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength, and they shall mount up with wings as eagles. And they shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not fade. Teach me Lord and teach me Lord to wait. And teach me Lord to wave while hearts are a flame. Let me humble my pride and call on your name. Keep my faith renewed and keep my eyes on me. Let me be on this earth what you want me to be. They that wait upon the Lord, they shall renew their strength, and they shall mount up with wings as eagles, and they shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord, teach me Lord to wait. And my hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. My hope. Oh, my hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. All of my hope is in the Lord forever more. [Music] I stand in all within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the ages lies. For whom the raging of the sea subsides. The living sacrifice. The only source of life. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more, all of my hope is in the Lord forever more. His tender, oh his tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sinner and his brokenness to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. All of my hope is in the Lord forever more. My hope my hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more, all of my hope is in the Lord forever more. Amen. thankful this morning you have a God you can put your trust in. Amen. He's not going to fail you. Amen. We're going to change the order of the service and stand this morning. We're going to invite brother Ben to come this morning. Bring the word and as he comes, let's sing Mercy Rewrote my life. And just that's true. Just lift your hands this morning. Just sing it up to him. Oh mercy renew my life. Thank you Lord. Oh, mercy r my life and I should have fallen my soul cast down but mercy it rero my life. Let's just close our eyes and sing it one more time. Oh God's mercy, it rro my life. Oh God's mercy, it reroll my life. Oh, and I should have fallen. My soul cast down. But bless you, buddy. Appreciate it. Good to see you. Radro my love [Music] our life. Where will we be? One thing that I'm confident of is that my story was already wrote. My great greatgrandfathers, grandmothers, aunts, uncles, and my forefathers had already set the course of my life. Drunks, liars, thieves, mongers, you name it, that was all poured into my genetics when I took the breath of life. And had I went the same course as every other Norod ever went, I'd have been a bum, cheated on my wife, beat my kids. Ain't no telling where I wound up. But one day, Jesus stepped out of the bushes. I said, "Come here. I want to talk to you a minute about something. You're not a NORD. You're my son." And mercy rewrote my life. From that point on, my story has constantly been rewrote. every day, every mistake, every victory, every up, every down, he just constantly rewrites the story again and again. You know, one of the great blessings I had reading the message one time was when as a brother opened up about Abraham, he lied two different times before and after his name changed. He lied. Then brother Brandham said, "But when Paul wrote his divine commentary, he never mentioned anything about his lying. Never mentioned anything about him getting scared and laughing in the face of God." None of that was ever mentioned. That's what mercy does for us, friends. Hallelujah. Glory to God. It rewrites all of that. All of those little blunders, all those mistakes of life. We don't have to worry about none of that. None of that will meet us at the day of judgment. If it does go down on the book, there's this thing called the blood of Christ, the bleach. It just puts it right out of the book. And you don't you don't ever have to worry about those things meeting you at that day. Because any true Christian, they want to be right with God. The minute they do something wrong, they can tell, they can feel it, they know it, and they immediately, they want to repent, get their heart right with God. What can I do, Lord? What can I be? How how can I make this thing right? And the blood of Christ, if we walk in the light as he is in the light, the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses us from how much? All unrighteousness. Praise be to God. We sure love the Lord today. You can be seated if you'd like. Invite my wife to come. And want to just say quickly how much we appreciate Brother Ber allowing us to come by. It's always um it's always nice to get to come back home. This is home for me as much as home's ever been. And um I've been coming to you folks about 20 years now, so it better be home, huh? Amen. So, we we sure appreciate you folks and love you. And uh trust that you'll get a great blessing in today's service. And if you don't, it's your fault cuz I come loaded up and ready to preach. So if you're if you're not ready to eat, you come out of here hungry, it's going to be your own fault. Praise the Lord. Amen. So we sure appreciate God. And um appreciate the way the Lord has been moving for us as Christians. You can see the hand of the Lord everywhere we turn. And I want to say how grateful I am to hear that testimony, Sister Don. I'm so so proud for the Lord doing what he done for you. It makes me proud to be a Christian when I hear things like that. just makes my heart swell with pride to know he is you are a living testimony in 2025 that he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Thank God. I am so grateful to the Lord. And if he could do that for her, what could he do for each one of us sitting here today? He's able to do exceedingly abundantly. Is that right? above all we can ask or think. He's able to do all of it. And so we we so thank for the Lord. And again, uh we so appreciate Brother Tom and of course my friend Brother Brad. I can't ignore you back there. Not by no means he family, too. I claimed you anyways. Whether you do me or not, we've done claimed him. And so we uh we appreciate everybody. Appreciate the Lord. And sure good to be back in the house of God. Y'all happy to see the little giant here? That's the little girl with the big voice right there. And uh we sure appreciate Sam. She's uh she don't always get to come with me. You know, school and things kind of keeps her bound up sometimes, but I'm always grateful when she does. Can you believe this pretty supermodel standing over here has put up with me 27 years as of two days ago? M. Praise the Lord. Or yesterday was our anniversary, wasn't it? Today's 29th. Hey, day before. Let's see. Today's 29th 27th, wasn't it? So, two days ago. Yep. Two days ago. That's what happens the closer you get to 50. I know. That's right. But, uh, we sure appreciate my wife. I just want to say how much I love her and I appreciate her and, uh, she's a good girl and I appreciate that she's gave her talents to the Lord. She means what she sings. And, uh, I I'm always having to get on her a little bit though sometimes because she won't show off enough for me. The girl can really sing, but she holds back. And I said, 'You know, I want you to let it rip. I always tell it that all the time, just let it rip. Let it rip. And uh to me, if you're going to do anything for the Lord, of course, you all know how I am. Do it with everything you got. Don't don't hold back. Not one iota. If you're going to do it. And uh we we appreciate the Lord for her gift and for her her love for me. I want to say publicly and happy anniversary to my beloved wife. And so we love you very very much. And we appreciate her sharing her talents with this little church. She's been coming here a long time, too. So, we want to say thank the Lord for her. And so, we appreciate you folks. God bless you. We're going to sing get right into the preaching of the word of the Lord. Can you give us the key? Sure. Absolutely. B is in boy. Yeah. [Music] Even though my spirit's low and it seems I can hardly go, but still I see victory. Many times I'm walking by faith. Can't see what lies before me, but still I see victory. I just got to tell you, Satan can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his blood. And you may stare and you may fight. You're going to lose this battle tonight. Remember, you can't cross the bloodline. Sometimes our battles get hot. It seems we're fighting a lot. Oh, I remember. I'm standing on the rock. So, Satan, if I were you, I'd turn around and give up, too. Cuz I do believe you're bound to lose. I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his blood. And you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Remember, you can't cross the bloodline. I just got to tell you, Satan can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his blood. And you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Cuz remember, you can't cross the bloodline. Amen. You must remember you can't cross the bloodline. Sing that second verse again. Sometimes our battles get hot and it seems we're fighting a lot. Oh, I remember I'm standing on the rock. So, Satan, if I were you, I'd turn around and give up to cuz I do believe you're bound to I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his blood. And you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Cuz remember, I can't cross the bloodline. Sing it again. Oh, I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his blood. And you may stare and you may fight. You're going to lose this battle tonight. Remember, you can't cross the bloodline. You must remember. You can't cross the bloodline. You must remember. You can cross the bloodline. You may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Remember, we can't cross the blood. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. And thank you, Lord God. [Music] And when I look, what do I see? Nothing but a bunch of misery. I'm as happy as I can be with Jesus in my heart. And way down, way down in this heart of mine. And weigh down way down. There's peace of mind. There's lots of joy above in my soul. Same girl. And when the devil comes around to turn my smile upside down, I just raise my hand and say, "I'm happy in the Lord anyway." And went down way down in this heart of mine. Way down, way down. And there's a piece of way down. There's some joy above in my soul. And you may wonder why I sing and shout. Why get happy and I dance all about? I got a joy I cannot contain. with Jesus in my heart and way down way down in this heart of mine and way down way down and there's a piece of my way down there of joy above in my soul and you may wonder why we sing and shout why we get happy and dance all about we've got a joy I cannot contain cuz Jesus is in our heart and way down in this heart of mine. Way down there's a piece of mind down there in my soul. Way down. If it's hard to hide, way down. Way down. There's a piece of way down. There's a flux of joy above the land in my soul. Above the land in my soul. In my soul. My soul. Oh woo. Oh, bless the Lord. Hallelujah. Lily of the valley, let your sweet aroma fill my life. Day star, shine on me. Hallelujah. How many just wants that great light of Jesus to shine on? See [Music] up the valley, let your sweet aroma fill my life. [Music] Rose share and show me how to grow in beauty in your sight. [Music] Fair stop 10,000 make me a reflection of your life of your life. [Music] Day stars shine town on. And let your love shine through me in the night. Oh, and lead me, Lord, and I'll follow anywhere you open up the door. [Music] Let your word speak to me. Show me what I've never seen before. Lord, I want to be your witness. And you can take what's wrong and make it right. Make it right. Day stars shine down on me. Let your love shine through me in the night. [Music] Lord, I see a world it's dying, wounded by the master of deceit. Groping in the darkness, they're haunted by the years of past defeat. [Music] But then I see you standing near me, Lord. You're shining with compassion in your eyes. In your eyes, I pray Jesus shine down on me. Yes, sir. Oh, let your love shine through me in the night. in the night and I pray lead me Lord I'll follow anywhere you open up the door [Music] let your words speak to me yes show me what I've never seen before. [Music] Lord, I want to be witness. And you can take what's wrong and make it right. Make it right. Take your stars shine down on me and let your love shine through me in the night. Oh, I pray Jesus shine down on me and let your love shine through me in the night. In the night. [Music] Hallelujah. [Applause] Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Good singing. Let's stand together. We'll get right into the preaching of the word of the Lord. Amen. Sorry, brother. If you got your Bible this morning, the book of Ecclesiastes, let's go to chapter 12. Thank you, Lord. Let me be a light, God. Can you say amen to that? Amen. Let me be a light. Thank you, musicians. That was fun. I enjoyed that. People People get on me all the time. You talk about having fun in church. I said, "Yeah, where should I have it? Better place to have it in church." Ain't that right? Better spot. Ecclesiastes 12. I want to speak to you this morning on reverential fear. Reverential fear or reverent fear. And if you need help spelling it back here in the tapes, we we may have to Google it. It's a little bit of a big word, huh? Reverential fear. I had to look it up, so don't feel bad. Ecclesiastes 12, I want to look at verses uh 13-4. He said, "Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter." Help me say these two words. Fear God and keep his commandments. For this is the whole duty of man. For God shall bring every work into judgment with every secret thing whether it be good or whether it be evil. Now I have but with me today this is the Lamza Bible. Remember brother Bram talking about the Lamza Bible. I want to read to you just that 13th verse and the way that it reads here in the Lamza Bible. Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter. Fear the Lord and keep his commandments. This is given by one master to every man. By one master to every man. This is the whole duty, the whole commandment of God given by one master. So we don't need 78 overlords. pastors, evangelists, teachers, apostles, prophets. We're we're ministers, but we're not masters. There's one master, even God. He's the one that we answer to. He's the one that we listen to. He's the one we obey. Come on now. We may obey preachers and things, but we're only obeying them as in the word, as in the Lord. If a man gets off from the word, then there's no obedience needed there, right? We stick with the word of God. If a man is preaching the word, then that's where we take our cues from. We have one master in this message, and that is the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Let's pray over the word, can we? Father, thank you so much for the opportunity to come into your house today. It's such a blessing, Lord, to be here again. So many friends and faces of uh such feeling in my heart toward him. Lord, I just love this little body of people. I pray that you'll bless this meeting today. God, I trust that you'll not only come on your word and just anoint it, Lord, and bring it into a great just uh uh crescendo of your spirit, but Lord, that you'll minister it individually to all of our hearts as you just break forth upon this word, Lord. And as you lay your spirit right down into it, may these words just jump out of the pages, Lord, and become life to us. And father, may you anoint me and strengthen me today to be able to deliver it. Open their hearts that they can receive it. May we be blessed and benefited by our gathering as we ask for your great divine blessing upon today's service as we commit it to you, Lord, for the glory of God. And in the name of Jesus Christ and all the saints said, "Amen and amen." You may be seated. May the Lord bless you. I um I'm so grateful to to know the Lord Jesus as my savior. Aren't you? Amen. Not only as my savior but as my lord. He is our our soon cominging king but let us not forget he is also our master and he is also the one that we have voluntarily given our hearts to in service to him. Not just as a uh group of people that's been dictated over or forced to do something or made to do something but we have willingly and with free moral agency we have chosen to give our hearts to him to whatever he desires whatever he wants that's what we want and I think the best attitude a Christian could ever take in this life is Lord not th my my will rather but thine be done in heaven and in earth. Knowing this about Jesus and how he is, what kind of man he is, knowing that he's a God of such love and grace and healing and deliverance and things like that, we we must also realize that he's a God that demands respects out of his people. And he wants us to fear him, but not necessarily be afraid of him, but he wants us to fear him or have respect for him. And let me read to you something out of the message respects to give you a better picture of what I mean. Brother Bham said in this he's reading from the uh from the book of Ecclesiastes. And he says the conclusion of the whole matter is to fear God. And when you cannot have respects until you have fear. Pardon me. You've got to have fear of God. Solomon said in the Proverbs also that the fear of God is the beginning of wisdom. And the fear of God being the beginning of wisdom. He said, "Now, that don't mean that you're afraid of him. But when you respect God, you fear God. You fear that you might displease him in some way. You fear that you would do something wrong." He said, "You wouldn't want to do that." So, our fear of God, our reverential fear that we have for God is a fear of respects. It's a a matter of respect toward God. I go to churches around the message of the hour and and and as I've traveled for many, many years now. I I I've seen everything north, south, east, west. I could write volumes of books on the things I've seen done in church, right and wrong for that matter. And I I lose count of the times that when I go into the house of God, I can always tell where the Holy Spirit's going to show up the greatest is in a group of people that have the greatest respect for God. For those that you know when you're talking and having fellowship and things like that, they're always cutting down some old joke on somebody else or always cutting up and carrying on a bunch of nonsense all the time. Well, when you come into the church, you can pretty well tell that's about the way it's going to be when you come into service. A lot of lackluster and not really a lot of respect and people talking and passing notes and chewing gum. I've never seen so many chewing gum chewers in my life as I have in the last five years. It's like people have got to the place to where coming into the house of God for them has become a casual thing, just an easygoing thing. And we don't really get the depth of the respect that we need to have for God. I I'm sure you understand what I'm talking about. Amen. And if we're not careful, this last day spirit is going to put us in a condition of being a lot more laid-back than what we should be knowing the kind of message that's been given to us and the kind of hour that we're living in. If there ever was a group of people that should have the highest regard and the highest respect for truth, it should be you and I. We should be the ones to be able to say, "I am going to show my respects to God over everybody else in the world." Amen. That's exactly right. Amen. I I I I find it amazing that churches have gotten so bold to where you know, and I'm not talking about message churches now, at least I don't think so anyways, but you got a group of people that's got a Starbucks across the hallway there. Amen. And they come on in and they bring their coffees. And I have seen this in message meetings where some old fell come up, they're going to talk a little while, set his cup of coffee down there by the pool pit and sip around for a little while and Amen. and they'll cut a few little old jokes and people looking around and falling asleep. Brother, if we've ever come to a place to where we need to learn to reverence and fear God, it's right now in this hour we're living in. Amen. We never ever need to lose that in any condition, shape, form, or fashion. Amen. If we lose our respect for God, that is the main element that it takes in order for us to receive his presence, to receive his word, to receive revelation, to be blessed, to be healed, to be educated in his truth, and to learn of him. Amen. And to know his right way. Amen. It takes godly fear and reverence and respect to get the people in that condition right there. Amen. This is the reason why. And I'm just going to go ahead and give you a little forewarning. And I haven't looked around the building too closely. I'm just seeing a few little head nods and some eye and some eyes around here and some faces. But I'm going to talk about holiness for a little while. And and and I don't want you to get scared now. I didn't bring my ruler to make sure all the sisters dresses are right in a certain length. Amen. And I don't have uh you know any kind of Facebook uh blackmail on me of any kind, nothing like that. But I'm just going to talk about the reason why that we do reverence God in the way of holiness. And you'll see why it is important for us as Christians to not only walk right and to believe right, but to dress right, to think right, and to have a pure heart before God. Because listen to me, the hour that we're living in, people are getting lazier and lazier and lazier when it comes to the things of God. And it does not matter how much you tell them, "Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it." You would think that the fear of a judging God would be enough for some people in this world, amen, to clean their act up and get straight. But don't forget, the anointing has so pulled off of this age until before this is over with, it'll be a hard thing for many of us to live in that anointing all the time. Some of you older ones in here has been serving God for a long time. You remember how it was 30 years ago. I remember even when I was a boy Christian, Amen. I could be standing on this platform, not a person in the building and a revival anointing come on me and shout and praise the Lord. Amen. I wasn't even doing nothing. It just showed up. Yeah. But now it looks like you need 10 weeks of revival with the greatest preachers in the message just to get a good amen out of some people. Praise the Lord. Now you understand that when we come to the end of this thing, it's going to be based upon how deep our character goes much more than how we feel something. I love to feel the Lord and I love to see people feel the Lord. I do everything I could. If I thought it would help, I climb up on that balcony and I'd jump off. Amen. And flap like a like a like a bird. If I thought it would help you, Amen. better. Amen. And in the old fashioned tent days, some of them old revival brothers would tell me they climb up the tent post and preach just to try to get the people into a better frame of mind. I do anything I thought would help you. Amen. Move into the spirit better. But we've moved into a cycle, into a season where we cannot rely upon feelings alone. That's right. Our revival cannot be based upon whether we feel high, whether we feel anointed, whether we feel saved, whether we feel born again. You're going to have to come to the place whether I feel it or whether I don't, I'm born again anyways. Hallelujah. That is the reason why Satan had made it his objective and his goal to get into the church living God and to make it formal. You know what formality is, don't you? Formality is not always somebody that's quiet in church. That's the idea we get in our mind. But formality is when people break into a routine but have no real passion behind it. Hang on everybody. But Pentecostal shouters and speakers and tongues can be just as formal as the ones sitting there not even squeaking like a like a mouse cuz you can get into all of the celebratory ways of serving God and all the ways of praising the Lord. Hallelujah. And and every every single bit of it be all right. Nothing wrong with a bit of it. And yet not coming from a passionate heart that is on fire from the Lord, but just doing what you do because it's more of a duty or a service. rather it is because you're in love with Jesus. Praise the Lord. And I I mentioned this last time about the clapping thing. I think I I downed some of your spirits on accident last time, but that's the reason why I was hitting on that a little bit. Not that I don't think it's right for you to clap, but people get so formal almost like they're sitting there watching an opera. Now you're clapping for Jesus. Thank you for that. You're clapping for the word. I appreciate that. But we've gotten to the place around the message to where we have a certain routine of worship. You know, I've been looking for a long time for the rule book on what worship looks like. The parameters of what a good Pentecostal worshipper looks like. I'm wondering, is your hands this high, this high, or this high? Do you shout on your left foot or your right foot? Do you kick it sideways or you go in a twirl? Which way is the most proper way of worship? The right way to worship God is when you're not thinking about it at all. Nothing's monitored, nothing's governed, nothing's measured. You just let go and let the Lord have his way. Woo! Amen. That's the best way to get down the line is just let the Holy Ghost have control. But we get so structured, you see. So when we want people to worship, we want them to worship loudly or something's wrong with them. Well, I got news for you. The loud ones ain't always the spiritual ones. Now, you loud ones going to have to hang on with me, too. Okay. The ameners aren't always the ones that's got the right kind of worship. I've been preaching in churches before and people around there cutting up. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. And the Holy Spirit will pull me to somebody not sitting there saying a word. They got a better pull than the loud amener sometimes. But of course, the ones that are quiet are sitting there inside themselves. Not out loud, of course, but they're saying amen. Amen. That's right. Cuz you like that inside quiet amen, don't you? But it wouldn't hurt you to let it out every now and then. It wouldn't hurt you to holler, "Glory to God. That was good." But don't let it be because it's expected of you. Let it be done because you're loving Jesus. That you're giving your that you're giving your worship and your passion over to the Lord. Cuz it's easy to fall into routines. It's easy to fall into that whole thing of, "Oh, now I'm supposed to say amen here." So, uh, amen. But what if you didn't know what was what was what if you just accidentally started fixing your tractor and didn't hear what he said? What if your mind went to Walmart? Hello. You got to stay focused on what you're hearing and amen what you're hearing, not what you assume you're hearing. Because there are preachers in this message that are good at that. They've got all these great oneliners and they'll say all these great oneline statements and boy, they'll whip the crowd into a frenzy. People like, "Glory to God. Hallelujah." But if you deduce what's really being said, not really anything that you think is being said is actually being said. I'd rather a man preach to me and I understood where I stood when I got out of there. Than just to be hyped up. Now folks, you think this ain't something needed? I'll remind you what brother said in the church age book. He said that the impersonators of the last day will be Pentecostal. So close that they could deceive the elected if it was even possible. Thank God it's not possible, Brother David. Hallelujah. Thank God it's not possible for the elected to be deceived cuz you can see right through a lot of those things. A person can shout and have no reverence for God whatsoever. A person can speak in tongues, interpret, prophesy, and have no fear for God whatsoever. Come on, don't get quiet on me now. That's true. Just because they feel the emotional touch of the Holy Spirit doesn't mean they've got the reverential fear they need to serve God in the right way. How many of those you brother I'm talking about said they could speak in tongues like pouring peas on a dry cow hide and said they'd be out with some neighbor's wife or they'd pull some shady business deal or lie through their teeth and live a life that the devil would be embarrassed of. A real Christian learns how to respect God in every aspect of their life. And you see the other side of that coin is we hear a lot of this condemnation type stuff which is opposite of fear, real godly fear to say now don't shout any higher than you live. You know when they quote that quote they leave out all that other stuff about being forgiven, fighting things, battling things. Amen. Really, statements like that made in those kind of ways are intended on controlling the people, keeping them from getting too excited. Because you know, a quieter congregation is an easier congregation to control. That's right. Woo. Y'all done forgot how to say amen. I need to help him, I guess. Huh? That's right. Keep everybody quietened down. You see, there's no gifts of the spirit in the church and there's nothing for nobody to judge or work out or straighten out. It's an easier way of doing things. People don't have to work as hard because if you knew when you come through those back doors that you are on the clock, you are here to serve this body and you should be so ready to receive any gift that God wants to give you. Amen. How do you know that you're sitting next to that person that you don't normally sit next to? At some point during the service, the gift of healing wouldn't fall into your hands and you lay your hand on somebody and God heal them right there in the church. Praise the Lord, somebody. That's the reason why we've got to have the right respect for God. Gum chewers ain't going to ever feel that kind of feeling. The note pastors and the talkers and the whispers and the irreverent ones are never going to experience that from the Lord. Which is why we have been established as a body of people that we come to church knowing this is a place where the angels of God come around here. Amen. Brother said, "I never like preaching auditorium. It looked like there was devils on every rapture." He said, "But I did like a church because the angels of the Lord encamped about those places." Glory to God. How do you know this ain't your morning? That that angel of deliverance is going to pass by your pew and receive. Amen. Hallelujah. And you receive everything you've been wanting to receive for many, many years. So, we got to have respect for God. Every part of us must be in a mode of respect and fear. Modern Christianity often emphasizes intimacy with God but sometimes many times neglects fear for God. You see modern day preaching, message preaching at that. We're the bride, we're the elect, we're going to heaven, we're going in the rapture. Glory to God. We're the saints. It's true. You're the wife of God. Amen. If God chose anybody, he chose you. Amen. But don't leave out of that preaching this attribute of fear and respect because he may be my husband and I may be co-equal with him in Christ, but I must show him godly reverence or I am not the right kind of wife. And if we're not careful, that old lady of sin thing of arrogance will get on us. We'll stick our chest out and walk by anybody that we don't consider to be the elect. Disqualify people from being bride just cuz we don't think they are. You know why people do these things? They've lost their fear. If we had the right kind of respect that God is the one that makes the call on who makes it and who don't, including me. If we had the right kind of reverence. Come on now. If we had the right kind of reverence, we would not look down our nose at any human being on this planet. But we don't do it anymore like we used to because we've lost that element of fear that God sees everything I'm doing. Like Solomon said here, whether it's good or whether it's bad, it'll be judged at the day of judgment. That goes for you and I, too. We may not stand before God as sinners, but we will give an account for our stewardship in this on this life, on this in the on this earth, and in this planet. Brother said he'll have to answer to God for all of them souls that he failed to go to after he left Mr. Walker. He said he had a fistful of invitations and his mother-in-law said, "You ain't taking my daughter around that trash." And he said, "I listened to my mother-in-law instead of God." And he said, "I paid for it." And he said, "I'll have to answer to God for every soul that I failed to go to the first time." It's hard to preach that way and get everybody shouting. That's not shouting material. It kind of gives you that little jolt of uhoh. Brother Ram had to do that. What am I going to stand there for? And I can tell by all the whites of your little eyeballs, you're thinking the same thing I am. God help me not to have to stand there like that. But this is why godly fear is so essential. A man that is fearful of God. You think he would lie and lie on his neighbor and tell dirty things and gossip and destroy people's influence? How could he ever be such a man? If he truly had fear for God, that is my brother. And to speak against him is to speak against my own flesh because we are one in the body of Christ. That's right. Fear would make you check yourself. Fear would make you govern your mouth. Monitor it. [Laughter] Woo. That judgment thing got you all sober, didn't it? It should. It should. It's a serious thing to think about that God is paying attention. Now listen, he's not a tyrant and he's not micromanaging every little move we make, waiting for that one little tiny moment to say, "I I knew you was nothing out." But God demands respects out of the elect of God. He will not allow us to go to his heaven if we don't have this in our character. Come on, somebody. Come on, somebody. This must be a part of our character or we won't go. We can say all we want to how much we believe the message and we love the Lord and all those things. If we do not have fear, it will dictate other areas of our life that will make our character less than. Fear of God in terms of the Bible is not outdated but it is in society. Look around at how much people not only disrespect God, but they live stream it. They have no compunction about putting some atheist liar in front of the world to blasphe the name of Jesus Christ and the church. Don't bother them at all. As long as they get their hit count and can make the money off the showing of the video and all that kind, as long as they can do that, they're fine. Don't bo bother them how much that somebody would get out there and tell all of these lies on Christianity. You understand some years ago when the defe when the defectors the the believe the sign group and John Collins and these other ones come up there publicly. Do you think if them men feared God that William Brandon was truly God's servant? You think they would have broadcast it to the world? I would have rather had somebody tie that piano around my neck and throw me in Lake Erie than to get out and even say anything against another brother even if I disagreed with him. Look at brother Brandham's attitude. Was that brother Brandham's attitude? He knew that a Allen was was drinking. He knew that Jack Co and him were trinitarians. He knew that they were off the mark when it came to the word. But listen at the way he took up for them men. He addressed Billy Graham higher than himself or Roberts higher than himself. Why did brother Bam do that? Not because he was a or a coward or because he was some man that didn't want to stand up to a fight. If Brother Brandham had to make a defense of the gospel, he was the toughest guy you ever laid your eyes on. But he done this because it was out of reverence and fear. That man is doing something for God. I'm not gonna speak against it. Which one of those people that's left the message or which one of these people that get up and blast the message and these how many of you here get him say things like brother Bram did when he goes to preach a message called he that is in you. And he said now I want to apologize for something I did this morning. I called a brother's name publicly and I shouldn't have done that. Can you not see the difference of character where other people on the internet they're they're immediately the first thing they do when they get a little piece of dirt they go straight to the website. Listen brother, there's a lot of itites we're going to have to conquer in the last day and websites are one of them. Hello. Are you saying, "Brother Ben, you shouldn't say it. With all these young people sitting here, you crazy." They need to know that God still wants fear and reverence in the house of God. Amen. When we see people get up on Facebook and call that one's name and on social media, call that one's name to expose that one, don't they realize what they're doing? Every idle word will be given account for in the day of judgment. And by your words you'll be justified or by your words you'll be condemned. So you better make them real sweet cuz one day you may have to eat them. Can you imagine how people must feel that have departed from this life and have went into the regions of the lost? Brother Bham said they know on earth when it's Christmas time. So certainly they must know when it's election time and when it's other times in seasons. I wonder how Marilyn Monroe and Elvis and them people feel when they get up on their broadcast and call him the king of rock and roll. I wonder if all shook up is still shook up. What would they tell us if they could crawl back into this church this morning and take this pullpit and testify? You know what they tell you? Money ain't worth it. Popularity ain't worth it. Beauty ain't worth it. Sex ain't worth it. Accolades and and and awards ain't worth it. The only thing that is worth it, fear God and keep his commandments. For this is the whole duty and given to you by one master. Now let's let's look at a couple things. Read with me Proverbs 9:10. Fear is not outdated according to the Bible, but it is according to society. It's oldfashioned. That's the reason why women dress like they dress, men do like they do and dress like they dress and act like they act. That's why people h have enough tattoos on them to make clothing. Their ears this big around from them gauges they put in there. I saw a guy a guy that they come walking had a thing in his lip. Is it this big around? I said, "Lord God, how does he eat soup with that thing?" But when you look at the way people behave, you tell them the Bible said not to mark your body like ah that's that old old testament stuff. You see what kind of fear they've got? Even if it is Old Testament, I'd want to reverence God enough to say, Lord, how how how does that apply to me today? Proverbs 9:10, the fear of the Lord is the So, how do I start with this? Anything I want to do for the Lord right here's my beginning. Be it play music, sing a song, preach, help somebody in the church, to be a blessing, anything I want to do for the Lord. This is my beginning right here. the fear of the Lord to respect God enough to say, "Lord, what do you think about it?" Amen. It's the beginning of wisdom and the knowledge of the holy is understanding. So you see what fear brings you? Fear brings understanding. Fear brings wisdom. Fear brings revelation. Fear brings stability. Amen. You know where your feet are landing when you have fear. The right kind of fear for God. Let's look at u Malachi 1 verse 6. Well, I love the Bible. Don't you? So many rich little nuggets in here. Malachi 1:6. And watch this. Is God's attitude. The people had so moved away from the things of God. Watch this. A son honorth his father and a servant his master. If then I be a father, where is mine honor? And if I be a master, where is my fear? Sayaith the Lord of hosts unto you. Can you imagine how this must have made God feel to see these people? These people right here that he's talking to. These are the ones that have kept the new moons, the Sabbath, the feast days. They still go into the temple. They still sacrifice. They still do everything they're supposed to do. And God said, "It's become such a routine till it stinks in my nostrils." Well, you think if God was such a legalist like people have made him out to be, he would love them for the things they're doing. So why why Israel? You you you you've got the right red heer and the sacrifice is right. Woo! Boy, I tell you, that priest, man, he he can light them candles with those seven sticks like no other priest. Everything they do is perfect. And God said, "It's still a stink." Am I not? You know why? Because you can do the right thing all the time and do it without your heart behind it. And God ain't interested in it. That almost sounds mean, don't it? Like to you sisters, you know, about not cutting your hair and things like that. You say, "Well, Lord, I've sacrificed and I've not cut my" You see, this is what happens when people start backsliding. Women specifically, well, I've lived this whole life. I've never worn makeup. I've never cut my hair. I've never put a pair of trousers on. And the second they backslide, first thing they do is they go cut their hair, put trousers on, wear makeup. Why? Because deep down within them, they thought that them dressing right and so forth would have been enough to please God. It's not. Well, here we go. I've preached to you long enough. I know where I'm standing at on this. Because some of y'all got this idea in your head, and you have for many years, that if a person dresses right and lives like a Christian, that makes them a Christian. Uh, if I went over and stood in a barn, does that make me a horse? If I stood in a in a garage, does that make me a car? No. No. If I crawled inside that organ, does that make me a transistor? No. Just because you do ride, doesn't mean you are right. Brother Ram said, "A prostitute could walk on the platform, have enough faith to get healed, and walk off completely healed." And he said, "The staunch Christian walk up here and walk out with nothing." Because it's not about the way you look on the outside. It's the condition of your heart first. First, boys and girls, that doesn't mean we don't want you to live right and dress right. We want you to. But more than that, as ministry, we want you to understand why. Why does a woman not cut her hair? Why does a man not run around on his wife? Why does a person not go get drunk? Come on. Because we live our life in the beginning of our wisdom. We learn to fear God first. And that fear brought us to a a a position to where we could say, "Okay, Lord, then then how do you want me to dress?" That fear uh uh uh Lord, how do you want me to think? I I I never will forget some years ago over in Cookville, Tennessee, Brother Mike Sever from Dayton, the one that's the believer's youth camp, the one that run it for many years. M Mike Mike and I Mike Mike's known me since before I was born and that literally before I was born this guy's known me and we was running a revival in Cookville. We put a tent up and went out there was trying to win some of the people in the area and this old boy had come in and he just got saved. He was an apostolic kid and he said he he didn't know nothing about God. Nothing. Didn't know didn't know a scripture in the Bible from one for the other but he gave his heart to God and he got saved. And so he was going through the factory one day and said, you know, he used to cuss and watch sports and things like that and whatever and whatever and whatever and said, you know, he said it went on and went on went on and said they finally asked him, well, how is it with this Jesus of yours? He said, well, first of all, I know he don't like swearing and I'm kind of thinking he don't like football either. And as silly as that sounds to you and I as mature Christians, yet that boy had an element of something that many people have lost in this message. And that was that touch of fear. Lord, am I doing something that might displease you? Am I would I watch something that you wouldn't like? Or would I thank something, act something, do something, hang around someone? And if we had just that simple little simple touch, Brother Joe, of that in our lives, even right now, how much cleaner would we live? How much nicer would we talk? How much more of a gentleman and lady would we be? Come on now, preach to me. Amen. It would take us way yawn farther than anything else we could do. Cuz you could build up a datab bank of revelation and not have fear. It means nothing. So God tells them, "I want my reverence and I want my fear." You take a couple chapters over from this, you go to the third chapter of Malachi, and he starts talking to him about tithes and offerings. Wonder why he was talking about things like that. Why would God, who needs no money, last I know, he don't have a checking account or a debit card. We don't barter with him and we sure don't trade with him. Why would God want us to give a tenth of our income and give an offering into the church? He's the one that gave us power to get wealth and he wants us to show our respects to him by giving back to the body. Amen. It's a simple thing. But here the Lord is asking these people in Malachi, why don't you reverence me? We've robbed God. He said, "How did you rob him?" He said, "And your tithes and your offerings." These were churchgoing people. These were people that went to the temple. They had the name put on the book that you know this little certain sin and they'd have it washed out and if they came back the next year they were stoned without mercy. They had everything to the letter of the law and God called them thieves. He called them disrespectful. [Laughter] Woo. There are message people frying like eggs all over this country right now. This kind of preaching because that's the idea that we've got. We've got this idea that oh I'm a good little message guy. Okay. But how much do you respect God in every area of your life? You want to know how spiritual you are? Check it there. That's a good spiritual thermometer for you to check the temperature of how you live your life. Not just tithes and offerings, but all these little tiny things that we ignore. Isaiah chapter 8 verse 13. Praise the Lord. Everybody still happy? If you are, you're doing good. Hey, listen. I wouldn't bring messages like this to Elton if I didn't think y'all could handle it. You know, some of these on the front row, they've heard me preach other places. I'm a little nicer in other spots, aren't I? Now, watch this. Now, Isaiah 8 and 13. Sanctify the Lord of Hosts himself. Watch this. Let him be your fear and let him be your dread. One writer said, "The fear of God is the soul of godliness." Another man, aweser, said, "When men do not fear God, they give themselves to evil." Pretty good statements from some of these preachers, these writers. The very fear of God, the fear that we have, the reverence we have is the soul, the heart of all godliness. Why would a man do what he does and live as he lives without fear? How could he do it? What stops you from just living any way you want to live out here in America? That fell with them lights up there. What happens when people lose their respect for the law? They wind up in prison. They wind up in jail or dead. And you see people nowadays, watch them. Just you social media users, just go down when you were going through your reels and look, just look at how many of these things pop up every now and then about people cussing the police out and tell them to leave them alone and you're transgressing my rights and on and on and on. You know what? They've lost such a fear for the law of this land that we are on the verge of lawlessness. All it's going to take is for one right tipping point and this place will turn into anarchy. Oh, you say it won't. I know you think that because the same guy you voted is the same guy I voted in. But in case you didn't see, there was also another vote conducted over in Italy just a little bit ago, and that is prophecy and action. We've now had according to the book of revelation and according to brother Brandham the first pope voted in from the United States of America that is a signpost of how close we are to the end. [Applause] Right? You know in other translations in Spanish and different ones the brethren they get confused in Africa and different places because they use the word America. There's a lot of America, North America, South America, Central America. But he didn't say in the Acts of the Holy Spirit 54, he didn't say the first pope from America. He said from the United States. And that is Revelation 13:11. And the image of the beast is this great land of the United States of America. So let them magga all they want to. They'll make it great. You better believe they will. They'll make it so great until you can't even buy or sell unless you have that name or that mark on you. Well, hallelujah. Now, maybe some of you planning to be here to see it. I ain't. I plan on going home with Jesus. Right. Don't put your hope in this nation. I'm happy to see him doing something good for the people. I'm especially happy to see him getting rid of all this DEI nonsense. I'm sick to death of transgenderism and this stuff everywhere I look. Amen. I got enough problem being ugly, much less all the other problems I got. Hold your peace, Sam. I know what you're thinking. [Laughter] I'm going to hear in the car, "You ain't ugly. Don't you ever say that again. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, I suppose. But the climate we're living in, people will begin getting under an anointing. You understand that? And the anointing that they're going to get under is this anointing of unity? And they'll show such reverence and fear to the beast because America will be empowered to speak just like Rome did in the old days. until people will be dictated and controlled. And the only way you're going to escape it is you're going to have to be in Christ. And the only way you can get there is you've got to have respects for him. Think of it like this. True worship is not casual but costly. Dwell on that for a minute with me. True worship is not casual but costly. To be a true worshshiper of God, it costs you something. You are going to have to pay a price somewhere. to be a true worshipper of God. Now, modern day churches tell, "Oh, you don't there's no sacrifice. You just serve the Lord and uphour some evils and love God." And it's just such a casual living for the Lord. And that casualness has no price tag with it. So, a woman can dress any way she wants. A man can dress any way he wants, talk any way they want, think any way they want, act any way they want, and there's no cost associated with it all. That's right. But sister, you know as well as I do, anytime you walk into Walmart, you're paying a price. Because any of you girls know when you go in and out of the store, you've done been given the once over a thousand different times from all the people looking at you like you're some kind of an alien from Mars. And you think that don't some of the older ones, you may have gotten over that, but you think it don't affect these young boys and girls. You think it don't affect our young people that just want to be a part and not to be ostracized, not to be excluded, not to be looked at as some kind of a strange weird antique. It affects their mind. This is the reason why the world pulls so hard on them this direction and why so many times in our very own homes we battle worldliness with our kids and everything else because of the pull that we fear out there that we feel out there. But the thing that would reverse all of that in your children in your homes in your mothers in your fathers and everybody else is if the whole household practice having respect and fear for God. The reason we do it is because the Lord is watching us. If we preached holiness from this view, from this perspective right here, Brother Brad, if we preached it from here, from that that spot, I believe it would be a lot easier for the people to swallow down, brother Ber, what we preached to them if they could understand that why. But here how it's been presented through the years. Maybe not just here, but in general. You better not cut your hair or you'll go to hell. You better not wear britches, women, or you'll go to hell, boys. You keep them shorts off your body. It's preached to us almost like in the same spirit that's going to be anointing the nation in the end, a dictator type anointing. And we never present to the people. Well, I shouldn't say never, but when these things are preached, never do you hear from that kind of platform. Somebody's, "Hey, hey." But God is a God of mercy. He understands if you get weak. He understands if you get pulled on by the world. He understands if you mess up and do things wrong over and over again. But what we hear is, "You better do it right." Glory to God. You better do it right or you're going to hell. I do not preach holiness to people because I'm afraid they'll go to hell. I preach holiness because I'm afraid they'll insult my Lord and because I fear that they'll grieve his presence away from them to where he won't want to visit their doorstep anymore. So, I do everything I can not to present him in a way of a micromanager. I'm taking notes on you, Joe. Glory to God. You better keep everything. I mean, everything, boy. You better keep it right. If that's the way it was, we'd all be a bunch of neurotics. We would never be able to serve him in joy. We'd never be able to serve him in peace. How could you have peace when you think he's monitoring every little twitch of your eye? Thank God he don't do that. That's not the kind of God he is. That's not the kind of person he is. As I preached to you some time ago last year, Jesus is not the kind of man that watches you make a mistake and always jumps right in to stop you from the thing. Nor does he come behind you and condemn you with the wrath of God. If you look at your life even this morning, there are many things that you're still battling with that you do it again and again and again and repent again and again and again. And yet there's been no lightning bolt since your way to the top of your head. There's been no judging angel stand there. You do it again. Glory to God. You're going to hell. There's been none of that. Why? He gives us the time and the patience that we need to work it out with fear and trembling to keep fighting, to keep learning, to keep struggling. Oh, if there's anything to make you shout, that should have been a shouting point. Yes, sir. To think that God will absolutely give you time and patience to learn how to overcome that thing. He don't throw you in hell for the first little mistake. And the one you make again and again and again, he still don't throw you in hell for it. But you'll open the Bible and read a scripture. There it is. You go to church. You'll preach. There it is. You'll be driving down the road and something will be said, "Oh, there it is again." He'll remind you over and over and over again, "You need to deal with this. You need to deal with this. You need to you need to figure out a way to overcome this. You need to deal with this." But he don't throw us in hell. The only time that he gets really angry with us is when we're just plum being stubborn. Words. Amen. In case you forgot it. We get bullheaded. That's when we get a whipping. Amen. But as long as you're willing to try, he's willing to give you the patience and the grace you need to overcome it every day of your life. Amen. Why? because he has got the same kind of fear for you that he demands of for himself. He respects you and reverences you as the bride of Christ and he shows respect to your position for who you are. That's the reason he don't bail us out of every little thing that moves. He knows who you are. He created you. He gave you his Holy Ghost. He birthed you by the spirit. He put your name on the book before the lamb's book of uh before the foundation of the world. He done all the He knows exactly who you are and what you're capable of. And yet we are the biggest babies sometimes. Me too. Oh God, why don't you do this? And Lord, if you're God, why don't he shows us the same respect that we should be showing him. When we ask him for something, he's God. And so when we ask him for something, we show him the respect of saying, 'Lord, in your time and in your season, you do what you need to do. Well, you know what? Reverse that just on the other way around. He knows you're a Christian. He knows you're born again. He knows you've got stuff in you that the devil can't bluff. Hallelujah. Amen. And he knows, give you enough time and you'll put that thing under your feet. Amen. You see, real reverence to God is the fuel for our praise. You see, don't shout any higher and you live, quote, right? I I respect that quote. I thank the Lord for it. Don't jump any higher and you you live. Good, wonderful quote. But if I know that I reverence and fear God enough that if I do something wrong, I repent for it and I make it right and it goes underneath the blood of Jesus Christ, then the reverence that I've shown God to repent for the thing is also my fuel to come back into church and jump just as high as I want to jump and praise just as high as I want to praise. Amen. Remember, fear and love are not opposites. And I put a note down here like this. They're allies in devotion. Fear and love are not enemies. They're allies. Fear and love confederate together to fight for you, not against you. Because if you've got the right kind of fear, you'll have the right kind of love. Not for just him, but for all your brothers and sisters. Because here's the thing. When somebody does something wrong, why won't we let them repent? Why? When somebody messes up, why don't we let people repent? If they say they're sorry, then we should be like, "God, I I I'm putting out of my mind." The Lord forgives you, I forgive you. Why do we keep a compendium, a library of things that people have done in our life? We bring it up. over and over. I'll tell you, I remember when that sorry thing and old so so done. I'll let you know one thing and another. Hallelujah. [Laughter] Why don't we let him repent? Because we're not exercising the right kind of fear. Cuz it's like that thing that Jesus told about the man that was forgiven a little bit and said that guy that owed a whole lot came back and he said, "I'm going to throw you into jail." And things like that and and and he said that little guy that owed here this guy owed all these great great debts and then this little guy owed hardly nothing. And the Bible said he took him by the throat and said, "Pay me what you owe me." Amen. And the message came back. I forgave you of a lot and you wouldn't even forgive this guy of a little. Whether we realize it or not, when we keep a record of what people has done wrong, we are show we the fingerprints of your hand, your paw is around their throat. Again, why don't we let people repent because we don't have the right kind of fear? If God's forgiven them, then I'm obligated to forgive them, too. Amen. I I I know this is a bad name to bring up in the pull pit, but Jimmy Swagger, poor Jimmy, laying on life support now. You know, the first time he went out and done something wrong many, many years ago before any of y'all was born, I was little. He went out and he done a little thing wrong. And of course, he done wrong. And he got out in front of the world. I don't know if this is where they use their little trick. You know, they used to keep a little glass of lemon juice. Did you know this? They take a pencil, dip in that lemon juice, touch it their eye, and that's how they got their tears. Used to be an old charismatic Pentecostal preacher trick. I don't know if he was using the lemon juice, but he sure cried. I've sinned. Forgive me. Forgive me. But I like what he said the second time around. He messed up and done something again. Now, mind you, there's a lot of other things I could say along with this, but I'm just emphasizing, highlighting this one point. The second time around, he said, "God told me to tell you it ain't none of your business." Amen. You sweep your steps, I'll sweep mine. I'm not allowed to hold it against you if God ain't going to hold it against me. Who among us has a right to throw a stone at somebody else? [Applause] Oh, these amens ought to be at shouting level right now. real fear would keep us from behaving like that. Let me read you to me now the stat of perfect man said let's add to our faith these things he said then we might come into the full stature of Christ being joined together with godly love fear of God reverence in our heart to one another deep respects to one another brotherly and sisterly kindness never vulgarity nothing but just purity of Holy Ghost living see lives together be a Christian walk in faith he said let the virtue of God flow through you let the knowledge of God when it comes to right or wrong. And when the devil presents something that's not exactly scriptural, walk away from it. That's right. He says, this is the character of Christ. Look at how the character of Christ is tied to fear. Not just reverencing God, but reverencing one another. Again, Hebrews 12 28 and 29. Now, can I get just a few more minutes of your time? All right. But I'm I'm watching my clock up here on my tablet. So hopefully I I won't hold you any later in about 3:00 4:00 something like that. It'll be all right. Be all right. I ain't killed nobody yet yet. Hebrews 12:28. Let me just go just a little bit further because I promise you some things on holiness. Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved. Let us have grace. Watch this. whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear. For our God is a consuming fire. Amen. Notice the the word that he uses here for reverence is the word in Greek eddios. It almost looks like Spanish edios, like goodbye. This word means it only appears twice in the New Testament. Appears here in Hebrews and then in 1 Timothy 2:9 where Paul uses the woman's modesty, the shamefacedness, addios. And this word appears these two times in the New Testament which means literally to avert one's eyes in reverence or awe. In other words, something that is so sacred, so weighty, so glorious that you can't even look deeply at it without a sense of humility striking your heart. But this is more than modesty. The meaning of this word is inward grace that guards outward behavior. Now preach holiness. Huh? Now preach holiness. If a person has that godly fear, that inward grace that is in their heart will govern what they do on the outside. Woo! Hallelujah. This is the reason why you hear brother Brandham going back and forth between Christmas, whether a woman should wear jewelry and not wear jewelry, and whether Rebecca can wear a riding skirt, and on and on and on. You know why? Brother Bram wasn't a legalist like many people made him out to be. That's why you can see photographs with Rebecca and Mey and the dresses were right at their knees and they had god forbid a little heel on their shoe. Don't pass out some of y'all. I know some that's tough preaching for some of y'all. That's why you can see brother Brandham in Africa dressed in the pygmy outfit with the little shorts below his leg. Right? Cuz brother Brandham didn't walk around. Excuse this. God in heaven. Excuse this. Like a bunch of these imbeciles around the message that think they are too holy to even chew. Can't even drink water without sinning. Woo. At this point, I don't even need him. This is why when holiness is preached many times in our churches, this is why people shun away from truth. Because the world gives them a bunch of rules, when to clock in, when to go to bed. Young people hear it from their parents. Get out of the bed. Make something out of yourself. Go to work and get a job. And then when it comes to serving God, they feel like they're just being trained in another pointless camp. [Music] Brother Brandham had a Christmas tree. Oh. Oh, I'm starting to fight. No, I'm trying to explain to you the reason Brother Brandham did certain things is because his inward fear of God was the thing that governed his outward behavior. Amen. I had a man that had enough gall and didn't have much brains, but he had nerve to say to me, "Brother Bam had a Christmas tree, and I wouldn't put that ungodly thing in my house." I said, "So, you think Brother Bram didn't have the Holy Ghost? You think Brother wasn't born again?" Woo! Praise the Lord. See, half of you want to say amen, but you're scared of what the other half's going to say if you do. Woo! Preach, Brother Ben. I know, but this is why I'm preaching this already. You can see by your own reactions how divided we are about things we should not be divided about. We're divided because the devil and the lack of preaching on these things has done more to harm to us than good. But that that we're divided because we have no clear understanding of what holiness really is. Amen. I knew a church in Ohio. The man that used to do it is dead. He used to have his deacons meet the girls at the door with a ruler and a measuring tape. And if they didn't meet a certain length of their garment, they were sent home and told to quit dressing like a coming to the house of God. Where y'all reckon those people are at today? backsley, gone, another church, atheist, you name it. Why? Because holiness was presented like the Israelites used to present it. The washing of pots and pans, the keeping of feast days and new moons and it was never God's intention to bury the people under a bunch of law. Man is the one that wanted law, not God. And if you think differently, you need to go back and read your Bible because God never intended. Grace provided a pillar of fire. Grace provided water. Grace provided mana. Grace provided the quail. Grace provided everything. And there these goofy people are standing at the bottom of the mountain. We want a law. We want something we can do. So God gave it to him. Never did he intend, it was never his perfect will for people to live under such a tyranny. But because it come from God, it had to be perfect. God himself knowing there wasn't a human being on this planet or ever would be that could keep the law. That's why he sent Jesus Christ. Amen. That's why he sent the Lord. That's why he came himself to do the job. Cuz no one could live under that. Amen. Amen. But we quoted holiness unto the Lord. That's right. Thank you, Lord. Y'all won't say amen. that little baby will. Amen. Hallelujah. [Applause] But we always quoted holiness unto the Lord. Let's find out what it is. It's not just a dress code, but according to 1 Timothy 2:9, it's a heart posture. This addio shamefacedness, this reverence in a person's heart makes them godaware rather than selfaware. Woo! I'm about to hit something. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. The captain has turned the seat belt light on. But when we are self-aware, you understand? When we put more emphasis on what's going on in our lives, we're being selfish. You can see people in their most earnest desire, oh pray for me about this and pray for me about that, pray for me about this and pray and everything in their life becomes consumed with what they want you to pray for them about. Or they're battling something. Take a man, woman going through divorce, that's all they can talk about. That's Do you realize no matter how hurt they are, that's selfish behavior. I don't care what the circumstance is. I don't care how bad it is. Ain't none of us got to the spot Job did. I am going to ask you for your amens now. Ain't none of us got that deep. And yet he was able to say, "The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away. Blessed be the name of the Lord." Amen. No matter how bad your problem is, when you put all your emphasis on it, all the emphasis you put here, you're taking it away from there. Which is why when we start going through some things, why don't we just start saying, you know, the Lord is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all we could ask or think. whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are a good report, whatsoever things are holy, whatsoever things are righteous, whatsoever things have virtue, that's where we get the English word dunamis, dynamite, whatsoever things are powerful, thank on these things. Amen. I'm persuaded to be believe if you'd walked around all the time, this cancer, this cancer, this cancer, this cancer, this cancer. But you know, the few times I interacted with you before the Lord touched you right before you went for your surgery. Matter of fact, we were sitting right down here at this little shop and you was testifying and it was all and I loved what Sister Donna was a blessing to me. She didn't even know she was blessing me. I've been battling this diabetes in my body and I got all kinds of things that goes along with it and I grumble all the time this sugar and that diabetes and I it's comes out of my mouth more than I'd like it to. But I heard her say 4,000 times, but you know, the Lord is good. God is a healer. You know, if there ever was anybody to take a lesson from on how it's done, it's that godly little woman sitting back there. Cuz we need to stop breving praise to ourself and the devil and start giving praise to almighty God and say he is able to do above and exceedingly abundantly more than we could ever ask or think. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Stop being selfish. This little inward governor inside our heart puts our attention on Christ. Lord, I'm not important. Thy will be done as it is in heaven and earth. Look at your prophet laying mangled up with his leg and arm wrapped around a steering wheel. And Billy said, "Daddy, speak the word. You'll come out of it." And with brother Brandham's weak little old mouth, he could barely talk. put my hand on mommy. Billy moved his hand. Lord, don't let mommy die. Why? Because this was a prophet that understood God first and that the gift wasn't for him. And laying there tangled up in a car wreck, the Holy Ghost would not permit him to speak the word to come out of it because it was his time to go home. And in death, brother Brandham said, "Lord, whatever you want, that's what I want." Look at Paul when he came down to the end, not thinking of himself. Looked right at Nero's chop said, "Grave, where's your victory? And death, where's your sting?" Still thinking of the Lord. Putting his attention on Christ and what he had done for us. We serve God as Paul said in Hebrews acceptably. You see this inward fear teaches us how to worship not with arrogance but with gratitude and trembling. This addios in our heart isn't a weakness but it's heavenly dignity. People look at that as a shame. Oh, you fear God and you're afraid and oh, you know, and you don't want to do that. And I don't know how many of y'all had a daddy or a mama that would whip you when you done wrong and did it true. But some of y'all know somebody say, "Hey, let's go over and smoke a cigarette." Are you kidding me? My daddy will kill me. There was a fear there. And that's the human part of it. How much more would it be with God that when we go to look at something or listen to something or particip Oh my come on somebody help me preach. Somebody somebody help me. If we had that kind of fear in our heart, how much more will we reverence and respect God not to do the thing that we get caught doing over and over again? I need help with this. You need help with this. Let's not kid oursel. We're all fellas in the same ship. But what I'm preaching to you is possible. It is possible. It is tangible. We can lay our hands on it. We can accomplish having this in our heart if we are born again of the Holy Ghost. Amen. We have the ability, glory, to bring oursel in total subjection to the word. What the brother quote just before? The true omnipotence to God is being fully surrendered to God. And how can we fully surrender if we don't have full fe full fear and reverence for God? This is like a spiritual blush. You see girls that have that kind of, you know, they're they kind of blush a little bit. That's what this does for us when it comes to somebody, you know, trying to put us up on a pedestal or pump our egos up or something like that. There's there's a certain attribute of ourselves to where we kind of if any honor is given to us over Jesus, we kind of oh now brother, it doesn't make you arrogant and it doesn't allow you to become careless or reckless. Huh? It is a sense of shame, modesty, bashfulness, and respect, reverence, downcast eyes in holy fear. Like the angels in the temple, they had three sets of wings and one set of those wings was in reverence before God. Brother said, "That's what makes the complete servant." They have action. They have fear. They have all these things. But fear was one of the things that was included in what made you the right kind of son and daughter. This word adios in ancient in ancient Greek culture where this word comes from the word meant to restrain the reckless, to silence the proud, and protect honor. Oh my. And in the Christian life, it does that very thing. It restrains our reckless behavior. You realize many people that do things wrong. You take somebody that has an affair or they go get drunk or they they, you know, they they they get mad and cuss somebody or they tell us some kind of a lie or something like that. We we're so quick to throw people in hell for every little thing they do. But many times people make mistakes. It happens one time in a 40-year period. And if they're truly sensitive to the Lord at all, they repent, they make it right, they get their heart right, they move on, it never happens again. Why? Because the Holy Ghost restrains us from reckless behavior. How many of you sitting in here that would be loose in your life when it would come to relationships and and and women and men and things like that? Many of you, if it wasn't for the Holy Ghost, you'd be running with everything that had two legs. Hello. Preach, Brother Ben. Amen. Sure you would if the Holy Ghost didn't hold you back. Some of you all that was used to be drinkers and love to drink. My daddy when he was a sinner, he said, "I love to drink better than anything I can think of." What stopped him from all that drinking then for 50 years? He got something inside of here that restrained that reckless part of himself. Well, thank you for finally being honest about something cuz I know we don't like to see oursel in this kind of light, but if it wasn't for the Holy Ghost, whatever we would do, we'd do it. That's right. Don't you look at me that way. You know what I'm telling you is the truth. Amen. If it wasn't for the Holy Ghost, you would be more, way bigger, higher, greater than any of these people out in the world. You'd do it 10 times. Oh my God. The angels of the Lord have slipped into the building. Look at all them halos shining back at me. Oh, the bright light. You don't like to admit that part of yourself because you know that's a part of you. But without the Holy Ghost, it would still be you. But Addios restrains us. Amen. 1 Timothy 2:9. In light manner also, let let me let me find a place to quit. In light manner also that women adorn themsel in modest apparel with adios, shamefacedness, and sobriety. Now notice this blush of the soul. A woman is to conduct herself in shamefacedness. Now again, let's talk about holiness for a minute. Why don't a girl wear a dress above her knees? Why? The Bible said men, why don't you wear a little shorty shorts? Because the Bible said from here to here is the nakedness of a person. And you are to conceal your shape, your form, your figure, sister. You can't go out there and throw it out before every man. Because if you present yourself in a way and a man lusts after you, Jesus said you and him will meet it at judgment as committing adultery. People say, "Well, you can wear slacks and things like that that are godly. They sell women slacks." If I had time, I'd take you down through the history of how that came about in the first place. And you could tell from the from the way that it even showed up in America how ungodly it was in the very beginning and how fashion designers saw a place to make money. And so they pushed that on the women because they saw a marketing opportunity. It certainly wasn't because they were reading the Bible and went, "Well, look at here. We can make godly women slacks. They weren't looking at a Bible. They was looking at a ledger. Walks like a duck, talks like a duck. Anybody? Why don't we cut our hair, women? Because Paul said not to. Because it gives you power on your head. That's your prayer line. When you cut it, you cut it off to God. The only way he'll hear you is if you're repentant. Oh, I just trim it. I knew girls years ago used to take curling irons and burn it off to get it straight. We had one girl in the church many years ago and she'd say, "Rip it, rip it, rip it like this until you rip it straight." Is such an attitude one that reflects godly fear that a woman is treating her hair as the glory and her crown. It does not. What it shows is people trying to make excuses to be worldly and still trying to go to heaven. And guess what? You ain't going with that attitude knowhow, right? Why don't why don't men run around with gold necklaces on and all this kind of stuff like that? Where does that stuff come from? Go back look it up. Go back look at the origination of where a lot of that stuff come from. Heathenism. That's right. Why doesn't a woman wear a paint on her face? War with God. That's why there's only one woman in the Bible that ever painted her face and God fed her to the dogs. But why do we do it? Why do we live this way? It's our way of showing God respect. Lord Jesus, that doesn't mean, sister, if you've got a pimple on your face and you take a little bit of cover up and try to put it on that spot because you're embarrassed about it. You think somebody's going to send you to hell? If they if they do, they absolutely don't know their Bible and they're too legalistic for their own good. Brother Brandham, can a woman wear pain or cover up? He said, if you're so pale, go back and read it. Well, some of y'all quit saying amen. Wonder how that works. Amen. Some of y'all just quit saying amen alltogether. You doing good till I said that. My point is these things, these behaviors we preach about, they're only there because we're showing respect to God. A girl that paints her face up with a lot of great paints like that, it is designed to bring sexual appeal. Period. And if you ever watch any of these some of these videos where the girl does a before and an after and then she's putting on all the makeup, you can see these things in these reels and every great now and then you know something will pop up on my feed and this girl should be ugly as a m I shouldn't even say that. God help me. Forgive me, Lord. Brother Tom, Brother Brad, I'm sorry. Forgive me. Forgive me. Brother Ben done stuck his foot in his mouth again. But she's the most unfortunate little sister you've ever laid your eyes on. The poor little thing looked like she'd been beat with an ugly stick 10 different times. Eyes crossed and brow goes straight across and big old puffy cheeks and big ugly eyes and she'll start doing this makeup stuff and then they do that little flash on the screen and the girl you're looking at ain't nothing like the one you saw before then. All you got to do is be spiritual enough to look at it and say that's why they do it. Can I quote you something? Can I? Brother Brandham said, "You don't paint your face to meet God. You do it to meet men. It's about self attention, bringing attention to self." Well, I know, I know, I know. Here comes the argument. Here come. Yeah, but what about them flashy clothes you wear, Brother Ben? You see, this is why this needs to be preached because then we start drawing all these lines in the sand of what's holy and what's not holy. And that is where you need to say, God, if I thought, Paul said it this way, if eating meat would offend my weaker brother, I'd never do it again. Can you find me in scripture where eating meat in the New Testament was wrong? You can go to the Old Testament and find you can't eat pig. And it would take a whole lot of Holy Ghost not to eat pig. I am glad. Aren't you, brethren? I got some preachers backing me up here. Now, I'm telling you, I'm glad Paul got that changed over for us in this New Testament. It would take a lot of Holy Ghost, a bucketload of Holy Ghost to not be able to eat pig and bacon and those things like that. Oh god, I can taste it now. But this is the reason why Paul would say, "If it would offend my brother, I'd never do it again. All things are lawful, but some things are not expedient. Some things are expedient, some things are not lawful, and vice versa." There were debates and battles. When Moses wrote the Ten Commandments, God by his finger writes it. He takes it down and gives it to the people. Thou shalt not kill. And God turns around and tells his predecessor Joshua, go to Ai and kill everything. Now, let's get the quotes and throw them at the people of the message. the prophet said. But here's God telling him something different than what God wrote in the law. So later on, a man standing out in the field. He's chopping wood. The axe handle flies off the uh the axe flies off the axe handle and accidentally kills his brother. According to the law, he's to be stoned without mercy under two and three witnesses. So what did they do? They created cities of refuge. That a person, that's why Abner died like a fool because he was in the city of refuge. If it had stayed put, nobody could have touched him. But they enticed him to come outside the city of refuge. And when they did, they got him. Why was there a city of refuge in the first place? Isn't the law good enough? Isn't the ten commandments cut and dried enough? Ten Commandments and what is it? 683 amendments. You know why? because it goes to prove holiness is not about having every little thing to the dot. But it's about having this kind of fear. Lord, if wearing this certain shirt offended my brothers and sisters, I'll burn it tonight. Thank you, Jesus. Reverence is not restriction but liberation arrogance blinds people to that. When people become arrogant and proud and self enthused and self whatever they become blind to what reverencing God really looks like. I mean, I I've told you this thousand times. I'm gonna say it again. I I was at a place preaching one time, and this brother, he he actually believed that if a woman wear wore red, that she was an adulteress. And I'm telling you what's the truth. This man believed this. He's a good friend of mine, close friend of mine. Some of his people came in, was talking to me, and they just kept pinning me down year after year after year. What do you think about it? What do you think about it? Finally, I just said, "My brother is my friend and I love him, but it looks to me like on this issue, he needs to get out of the Scarlet Letter and get into the Bible." Because he'd read the Scarlet Letter, and that's where he got the idea. That red was prostitution. Well, if that had been the case, then when that little sister took her little red cord and put it out there as a sign of the token, Rahab would have been in trouble because she was a prostitute. But red had nothing to do with it. Huh? Oh, praise the Lord. Y'all say, "Well, that's easy, brother V. That's easy." Let's talk about Christmas again. [Laughter] Let's close. Without this inner thing, Addios, worship becomes entertainment. Preaching becomes performance. That don't mean you can't have a good time. I have a good time every time I preach. Well, in certain churches, sometimes they won't let you. I'm a bit of a cutup and sometimes I use humor and things in my preaching. And and I went to one church and oh my god, when I started being me a little bit, I thought them poor people, they I saw literally could see them taking heart pills and stuff like that. I mean, it was tearing them all to pieces. But see, you can do things in a manner and still reverence God. You don't have to walk around all the time, yay, yay, and nigh, nay, packing a Bible under your arm. Thou shalt go to Mexican with me, saith the Lord. But it's about having that inner something that tells you, who that's enough. It's enough. That little governor on the inside that tells you what to do and what not to do. See, for some things, for certain things, for some people it's fine. But for other people, if they tried that, I knew a brother that used to be a horrible alcoholic and he got saved, got converted. One day after church, the preacher wanted to take us out to eat. The only thing that was open was an Applebee's restaurant. And the brother would not go in because at a bar in the middle of the of the restaurant and and he told us and I respected him for it. He said, "Brothers, listen, it's not that I don't want to fellowship. It's not that I don't love you all. It's not that I think you're doing wrong, but I cannot go around that. I promise God I'd stay away from it all my days and I'm not going around that." He went down and I think I think Taco Bell was open. He got him a sack of tacos and went home. But I respected him for that, especially because he said, "It's not that I think you guys are doing wrong, but this is the way I've chose to serve the Lord." What's wrong with that? Why would I condemn him and throw him in hell and say, "What's the matter with you?" And you got no victory. I let him sweep his steps and I'll sweep mine. Let's stand. Let's stand. Y'all ain't going to quit pulling and I'm going to keep preaching. So, I'm going have to figure out a way to cut this off. You folks are glutton for punishment. You know that, don't you? You've just about preached me to death. It's your fault. Don't you look at me. It's your fault. You're the pullers. See, this is not just about modesty and clothing, but modesty of spirit. Reverence to God turns the volume of what we do into value. The volume of it, how much we do. Real reverence with God turns that great volume into value. Things of value come of a great price. And in the house of God, it transforms church pews, chairs, tree logs under a tree. Like I've preached in other countries like that. It turns those places into holy ground. Jesus said, "Where two and three are gathered." Did you notice he didn't say where? He just said, "If you're gathered in my name, I'll be right there in the midst of you." That's what fear does. It brings God on the scene anywhere we go. In a message, Jeremiah's message to Israel, chapter 6, were they ashamed? Verse 15, were they ashamed when they had committed abomination? Nay, they were not ashamed at all. Neither could they blush. And when we lose this spirit of adios, that's when Kabad is wrote over the door of our churches, our homes, and our lives. We lose that fear for God. Look at this nation. This nation in 1956 heard more preaching and had more ministers. And brother R said, they were going back and forth across. He said, "I predict this will be the year that they turn it down." By 1957, America had completely turned down the the gospel alto together. And guess who they crowned as their king in 1956? Elvis Presley. That was when he was crowned the king of rock and roll, America's king. Why? Brother told us why. Because the churches wouldn't quit backbiting and fussing and grumbling and lying on one another and splitting and dividing and having dysfellowship over every little thing that moves. I mean, what difference does it make if Brother Brad believes he's come back on a cloud, you believe he's come back on a horse, and I believe that he's coming back just as himself, what what what does it matter? As long as our motives and our objectives and everything we're doing are running in the same direction, why can't we let those little things just fall to the side and run together as brothers and sisters? You know why? Because we've lost that reverential fear for God and for one another. And when we lose it for God, we start losing it for one another. Lose it for one another, we start losing it for God. It's a hand-in-and deal. And when we do that, look at what happens in the church. People become critical. So everything that's not done to their liking, they're critical of everything. Why did I do that for? Why did I do that for? If I'm in the house of God and I know his presence is here, I'm not interested. If you're wearing red, blue, purple, green, polka-dotted, a potato sack or a straw hat, it don't matter to me what you got on you. And it doesn't matter to me in any way what a person is doing. When God is here, that's all I care about. Look at brother Brown. When he'd be in Africa and India and those places, those natives would come in there and those women bare breasted and things like that. So they'd be standing there in a meeting, brother Brown preaching. He didn't reach out there and holler, "Hey," he didn't go get his coat and say, "You brethren, cover these women up." Like he told the story about that girl in the tabernacle. You know why he done it to the girl in the tabernacle? Because she was disrespectful and would not behave herself in the house of God. And so, Brother Bram went and dealt with her, but he'd be preaching. And he said, "Those bare breasted women would cover theirelves up like that and start walking back." Why? Brother said, "Who told them they were naked? I never told them, but it was the fact they had enough fear when God showed up. Just like Adam and Eve, they hid themselves in the bushes. [Music] Let's take one extra thing. We'll quit. When God is talking to Cain in the book of Genesis, you ever look at those two chapters he talks to him in chapter four, he says, "Do like your brother. You'll be accepted. Don't He said, "Then sin lays at your door." He went back and forth talking to him. You notice we don't get a conversation with him and Abel. I don't find in the scriptures where he talked to Seth. But here he is talking to Cain, Satan's boy. [Music] Cain goes out, go right to the next few chapters, and you find God talking to him all over again. and a mark will be put upon you and anybody that touches you, they'll answer to me. Can't you see the Lord tried and tried and tried and tried with that boy knowing he could not be saved. But God could have come down the very first moment that Cain took the breath of life and began to understand language and understand words. God could have come down and said, "You ain't nothing but a devil. You are nothing but the serpent seed. You'll never be any good." But that wasn't his attitude. Why? Because God had fear for humanity. Why? Because he's not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to everlasting life. Let me tell you something. That reverence and respect that God has for a human's ability to choose one day will cut off just as sure as we're standing here. As sure as two and two is for. And then the Bible said, "In the day of your calamity, you'll call and I'll laugh at you." Which is why we don't need just a dose of respect. We need a double dose of it. God, fill me with the fear and the reverence of the Lord. fill me with respect and fear that I could live in a way that I know you're watching and you're taking notice and you're paying attention to my behavior. But Tom, how do we ever expect to come to adoption if we don't have this in our heart? How could we come to adoption when adoption is based on our behavior? And if I don't fear him, I'm not going to act right. I'm not going to serve him right. But if I fear him right, then I'll serve him right. I may mess up a million times. I may make a gazillion more mistakes from the moment I preach this sermon. But if I have the right kind of fear for him, brother John, I'm just going to keep saying, "Lord, forgive me. Lord, forgive me. Lord, forgive me. Lord, forgive me. Lord, forgive me. Help me, God. Give me strength, God. Give me mercy, God. Give me strength, God." Don't never give up on that kind of attitude. Cuz if you ever stop asking, you'll stop asking altogether. Never stop asking for his mercy. Never get to the place where he's, oh, he's done fooling with me. You don't know that. If you've got breath, there's a chance you can be saved. If you got breath, there's a chance you can be healed. If you got breath, there's a chance you can be restored. But it's up to how you're going to fear him, how you're going to respect him. You see, people come to the altar and pray. And you know, as long as somebody's anointed and can pray anointed over them, they'll jump and shout and run. That jumping and shouting and running at an altar like that is wonderful. If it's for if it's understood you're doing the right thing. But if it's just a feeling, if some man's just making you feel that way, in a few days time, that'll be gone and you'll be left holding a bag. We approach prayer lines. We approach altar calls. We approach prayer for the sick. We approach prayer for the saint. We approach everything with one thing. Fear for God. Lord, this is your word. You told me if I ask, you would hear. And if it's your will, you will do it. Brother said, I heard an evangelist the other day demanding God. God, I demand you. He said, I thought God have mercy on the poor man. He just doesn't understand. We don't demand God anything. We say, "Father, thy will be done and not mine." With your heads bowed, God bless you. Thank you for your time. [Music] Father, we thank you so much for your word, for your grace. We're so grateful to you, Lord, for all that you do. Thank you for the strength you've given me to preach this, Lord. here. Lord, I've held the people long and said a lot of things, but Lord, this hour we're living in is so late, so serious. It's hard when I get under this anointing not to just cut it off and walk away. So hard not to. Just stand here and hold it and hold it and hold it. If I think I'm doing any little bit of good, I just push and push. I want them to get it so bad. Lord, please don't let a one of us walk out of here and miss this. Lord, this is the keynote of many things that we're going to do in life. [Music] Father, may your spirit fall fresh upon every person in here. And Lord, may you convict their heart and deal with their heart. May you bless their heart and whatever you want to do. May your spirit go to each one of them and grant them the desires of their heart. Now we pray in Jesus name. With your heads bowed for just another minute. Now I want to know somebody in here perhaps maybe not saved. Maybe you're backslid. You'd like to give your heart to the Lord. Would you raise your hand to the Lord? God bless you. Anybody else? Somebody not saved. Brother Ben, I want to give my heart to the Lord. Anybody at all? like to raise your hand to the Lord. Now, for the rest of you believers in here, perhaps you would say, "Brother Ben, I realize that I've allowed this area of my life to just go cold, go numb. I'm not nearly as fearful as I used to be. I'm not nearly as reverent as I used to be. And I need God's help to help me bring it back. Would you just raise your hand to the Lord?" God bless. Many hands going up now. Thank the Lord for that. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Thank you for your honesty before the Lord. Let's pray one more time. Can we? And if you would, would you reach over and take the hand of somebody stand there next to you? And let's pray one for another, can we? Let's just ask the Lord to be with all of us. There's many, many hands went up in this building this morning. Heavenly Father, as we come back before your throne today, we do so in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, you see the lives of your people. You see where they're standing at, Lord. And Father, I done everything I could to not have to preach this sermon this morning because it seems to be so hard. But Lord, looking out there across this audience this morning, I can see it's so needed. The people have received it into their heart. That uplifted hand represented that place where the seed fell. Now may they take that little seed within theirel God. May they begin to water it with praise and feed it the word and feed it by the spirit. And may they Lord just keep it alive. May that little touch of the Holy Spirit that moved on them this morning to raise their hand up. I need to go back restore back to the place of such reverence like I used to be. God let it be so for each of them. I pray and as they got their hands laid one upon another Lord like one great big prayer line in here we pray the Holy Spirit will go from eagle to eagle contact to contact hand to hand life to life and may great things be done for the body of Christ and for the people of God may evil things go from the people's lives may evil spirits be cast away the blood of Jesus cleanse us from all sin and all unrighteousness may you heal up every wound Lord may you bind up every every place, Lord, that's been broken by sin and by besetting sins and little things that have easily beset the saint. May the power of God go in there and rub your bomb of Gilead in there. Bring back, restore back, I pray in the name of Jesus, this reverential fear that we need to serve you in greater ways. Grant it, Lord, for each of them. If there be any other need, Father, in this building, be it healing, sickness, deliverance, whatever it might be, may you grant that as well, Lord, as we pray and ask for these things. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. And all the saints said, "Amen." Now, raise your hands up like this and just start thanking the Lord for it. I I know I've held you a little long, but we got a little time to worship him, don't we? You're not in that big a hurry, are you? This is a good time just to say, "Lord, thank you for what you done for me today. Thank you for speaking to me. Thank you for correcting me. Thank you for pricking my heart. Thank you for dealing with the church, dealing with the people. Thank you for dealing with my family." Whatever it is that you've got in your heart. Now's a good time just to thank him. Say, "Lord, thank you. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, how we love you. How we thank you. We bless your holy name. We bless your holy name. King of kings, Lord of lords. Just worship him now. All bright morning star and [Music] I [Music] and forever more I will will reign with him. Sing it once again. All hail King Jesus. All hell. Emmanuel, [Music] King of Kings, Lord of Lords, bright morning star [Music] and throughout eternal. Glory. Glory. I'm going to praise thee and forever more for I will reign with you. All together now from the bottom of your heart. All hail King Jesus glory. All hail Emmanuel, King of Kings, Lord of Lords, bright morning star and throughout eternity. I'm going to praise him. [Music] man. [Music] Oh, thank you Lord. I love you Jesus. I will hail King Jesus. [Music] All hail Emmanuel, [Music] King of Kings, Lord, the bright morning star. And throughout eternity, I'm going praise him. and forever. [Music] I love you friends with you. God bless you. All hail King Jesus. All hail Emmanuel. [Music] He's the King of Kings. He's the Lord of Lords. He's the bright and morning star. [Music] And throughout eternity I'm going to praise him and forever more. I will reign with him. [Music] Amen. Thank you Lord Jesus for the message this morning to our hearts. Amen. And how many believes it has to come from the heart? Amen. That oldfashioned heartfelt religion. Amen. Brother Mooney, how are you doing? Did you want prayer? Are you okay? Or you want prayer? All right, come on up and uh let's pray for our brother that the devil's really giving him a round of anxiety and things and we just want to uh pray that the Lord will just give him peace in his heart and deliver him from anxiety and he's really really wanting to completely turn his heart over to the Lord and make sure that everything's right. So, let's pray for him. Lord Jesus [Music] was over my brother's head. you said in your word and pray God for mercy Lord Jesus if they anoint them with oil and call for the elders of the church that the prayer of faith shall save this and Lord no one can say any contrary because one among us raised up from the dead if you can heal cancer you can curse this anxiety you can calm these nerves as you did the sea when every devil People swore that it would drown you before you met that little maniac of Geria. Lord, you said peace and the waves calmed. Now, Father, may your great spirit, may your great voice, may your great hand speak peace to these nerves. May the spirit of anxiety and dread, Lord, may it be cast away from him. We speak to that enemy in the name of Jesus Christ. Satan, thou who callest thyself anxiety, fear, demonic oppression, I sent you, you liar, and by the spirit of the living God and the righteous Christ who shed his blood at Calvary for our brother Mooney, we command this thing in the name of the Lord God to leave his body, leave his spirit, leave his mind, you tormentor, in the name of Jesus, I send you back to hell where you came from. You're a bluff and you're a liar and you're a loser. And I adjure you. I condemn you and I expose you in Jesus name. Leave my brother's body. Leave his mind. Leave his spirit. And Father, bring healing to these nerves. Lord, they're always affected by that anointing when it comes on a person's mind, their their body, their serotonin, every part of their body. Lord, every cortisol cell, every thing floods, right? Lord, he needs healing in that physical man. Bring healing to his mind. When the mind suffers anxiety, scientists say it's like the brains received even a punch from a boxer. Bring healing to my brother's mind and body. Now that this spirit has been a jured, now that it's gone from him, bring healing to his nerves, healing to his cells. May the chemicals of his body run positive. May all that cortisol settle down. Lord, bring sleep to him. Bring restorative sleep to him. May his mind and his brain heal. May every part of him, every wit in Jesus' name. Like Moses said, not a hoof left behind. We're believing for total deliverance. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. In Jesus' name, just receive it, my brother. I believe it's going to be all right. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you, Lord. only believe. Lord, I receive. Lord, I receive. My Lord, I receive. [Music] All things are possible. Lord, I receive. Lord, I receive. Oh yes, Lord I receive. All things are possible. Lord, I receive. Amen. Let's close in prayer this morning. Our precious heavenly father, Lord, it has been good to be in the house of the Lord. Lord, to hear your spirit speak from heaven to our hearts and to each and every one of us, Lord, telling us just where you want us to be, Father, Lord, to live, Lord, from our heart, Lord Jesus, and to do all these things and to obey your commandments, Lord, and do those things that are pleasing to you, Lord, not out of command, or Lord Jesus, or natural way, but because it's in our heart to do it, Lord. And I pray God that this week would be a special week for each one that was here or those that are listening Lord. Father, that we'd have a closer walk with you, Lord Jesus. And Father, the things of that are evil, the things that are wrong, they'll look horrible to us, Lord, will shun the very appearance of it, Lord, because of the baptism of the Holy Spirit, because of your life that is in our hearts. Father, thank you, Lord, for deliverance today. Thank you for touching us in every aspect, Lord, that we needed touched in, Lord. Bless brother Ben, Lord. Give him strength again. Build him back, Lord. And bless the people for their patience, Lord Jesus, and for their open heart, for their open mind, Lord, and for their respect for you, Lord. And we ask this in Jesus' name. Amen and amen and amen. Amen. Let's take the name of Jesus with you as we go. You all are dismissed. Amen. As we sing that song, take the name of Jesus with you, child of sorrow and of wo and it will joy and comfort give you. Take it then.
