################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-23 - Bro. Thomas Byler • 32325 • Sun • Heavens Door - Hells Gates - Thomas Byler.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-23
Title:   Bro. Thomas Byler • 3/23/25 • Sun • Heavens Door - Hells Gates
Speaker: Thomas Byler
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hM5VVJWgq60
========================================

[Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] If we just stand this morning, maybe brother uh Joe open us in prayer this morning. Powerful to witness. cigarettes marijuana stand I've been angur Everyone get on the church right in our lives. Everybody all usitude is a hindrance to the house of God. We have people don't know what to make. Don't know whe Amen. the children can be dismissed for Sunday school. And if you'll go with me in the Psalms, we're going to go to Psalms 34. Psalms 34. I will bless the Lord at all times. His praise shall continually be in my mouth. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and let us exalt his name together. They looked unto him and were lightened and their faces were not ashamed. The angel of the Lord encampeth round about them that fear him and deliverth them. Oh, fear the Lord, ye his saints, for there is no want in them that fear him. Come ye children, hearken unto me. I will teach you the fear of the Lord. Keep thy tongue from evil and thy lips from speaking. Gile. The eyes of the Lord are upon the righteous, and his ears are upon open unto their cry. The righteous cry, and the Lord heareth, and deliverth them out of all their troubles. Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord deliverth them out of all of them. Evil shall slay the wicked, and they that hate the righteous shall be desolate. The Lord redeemth the soul of his servants. None of them that trust in him shall be desolate. God bless you. You may be seated, brother Brian. Morning, brothers and sisters. I hope you've all had a good week. Uh turn with me to uh Luke the 10th chapter. Before I get started, I thought I'd mention um you can ask me later, but all the bills are paid other than the last time they came and filled up the um filled up the tanks and I haven't gotten that bill yet. So, everything's paid. Everything gets paid autopay other than the fuel and the the fuel and the insurance for the church. Those are the only two things that don't get autopay and and it's because of the price but um a couple of weeks ago I made the final payment on the insurance so that's clear so the only thing the church is obligated to is the fuel bill and you know the fuel and the water and the power every month and so that leaves right now in the general fund about $10,000 $10,400 and then I there is money in the building fund Uh I I transfer money back and forth between the general fund and the building fund uh to keep that building fund account open. And there's a about $1,096 in the building fund. So that's where we're at this morning finance-wise for the church. Uh there are some issues, but they're just little issues that got to be taken care of. But I was um reading this morning in this 10th chapter. I I wrote some notes to myself and I'll read these first 10 verses and then then go back. But something really struck me before I go in there. Something really str I don't want you to raise your hand, but I know everyone here has probably read their Bible cover to cover 10, 15, 20, some the older people maybe 100, 200 times. I'm sure people here have read the gospels, studied the gospels multiple times, have gone through the New and Old Testament. So I would ask you as Bible believers, you you should know the word of God. So what really struck me when I heard it today is the man across the water there, he spends the last month in a hospital, millions of dollars of health care to keep him alive. And the first thing he says coming out of his coma is he condemns the United States and our immigration policy. And I say to myself, if you know your Bible cover to cover, wearing your Bible does it tell you that it's wrong for our country to control their waters. And I'm not getting political here, but my point being, the Bible tells you that that man is a false prophet. And if you don't know your word of God and you don't know your Bible, you it's easily to hear people say things and know there's no truth to it. You have to know the word of God for the hour that we live in this morning because it's so easily to to be misled. And I thought it was funny. He spends a month almost dead and the first thing he does is complain about immigration. It just makes no sense. you would figure he'd be grateful that God kept him alive and wanted to get closer to the cross instead of making political statements. It just struck me this morning and uh I'll just read these 10 verses, not getting political, but it's really important that you read your Bible every day and you know the word of God and for what it says. And you'll find out that a lot of things that they put push out there on the street, you can't bring them through the word of God. They will not come through God's word. A lot of this stuff that goes on out there, you can't bring it through God's word. It can't come through the other side. And it's really important that you know God's word. So you're not I'll just read these first. After these things, the Lord appointed over the other 70 and sent them two by two and two before his face onto every city and place whether he himself would come. So he sent he had already sent out the 12 and twos and now he sends out the 70 in twos and I'll just read a few more verses. Therefore he said he unto them the harvest is truly great and the laborers are fruit excuse me few as I get older. I find it's I don't speak as good as I used to when I was younger. I pray you therefore the Lord of the harvest that he would send forth laborers into his harvest. Go your ways. Behold, I send you forth as lambs among wolves. So that's the way we're supposed to be. You know, when you're talking and dealing with people, you should be you just be nice. You shouldn't try to take over the conversation all the time. Carry neither purse nor script nor shoes, and salute no man by the way. And whatsoever house you enter first, say, "Peace be to this house." And if the son of peace be there, your peace shall rest upon it. If not, you shall turn to you again. And the same house remainth eating and drinking such things as you as they give you. For the laborers worthy of as hire, and you and go not from house to house, and into whatsoever sitter you enter and receive, you eat such things that are set before you. And he goes on, this is the great commission here. Heal the sick that are therein and say unto them, the kingdom of God is nigh unto you. And then he goes, "But on into whatsoever city you enter, and they reserve to you not, go out your way and onto the street, the same say." And uh I'll just finish with this verse. Even the very dust of your city, the very dust of your city, which cleaveth unto us, we do wipe it off against notwithstanding you this, that the kingdom of God has come, and nigh unto you. And I'll finish there. But I was sitting in my office this morning and I was just thinking about us as Christians this morning and we had you you had one person, one cell and that was Jesus Christ himself, the first cell, the pure soul, the the holy cell, the first one. And he splits himself up and gives the tenatively gives the spirit to 12 and they create many. And then he sends out 70 and they create even more. And I was just thinking that's how the church of God's supposed to be this morning. It's supposed to grow. And I anytime you're not in Christ and the spirit of Christ is in you. The if the church isn't growing, there's something wrong. If and I was just not thinking in a physical sense, and it's the same for us this morning as believers. If you're not growing in the gospel of Christ, then there's something wrong. You've got to be growing every day. And the presence of Jesus Christ has got to be greater each day in your heart and in your life. And I was u another things uh I was thinking about this morning. I'll just finish. You could go through this whole ch 10th chapter this morning, but I was also thinking he sent out the 70. He sent out the 12. And then he goes on and then we all know we're getting to Easter again where he offers himself. And then he walks for 40 40 days with his disciples. And then the day of Pentecost comes and he separates himself in the church this morning. So it's not just one person, but it's multiple persons filled with the same person and the same spirit. And I it's really for my own life, I can say that it's really important that that spirit is in your heart and life this morning. And as the things going on out there in the world, I was noticing I don't know why I'm going there, but I was reading also in Daniel and thinking about some stuff this morning when you know that in Daniel the 7th chapter, it talks about those 10 kings and then you go to the 13th chapter of Revelation and you see how the whole world is just it's just falling apart out there and there's groups of people now being manifested. And I was just thinking, you know, the European nations are in disarray. The United States is in dis the whole world is in disarray. They're looking for some type of leadership to lead them. And we know from scriptures of what brother Brandham said this morning that they're going to get that leader that they're looking for in a natural sense. And that's not going to be the right leader that they need. What the what the world needs is Jesus Christ being their leader this morning. And you can see everything being tore up. You know, you go back to the 12th chapter of Hebrews. You know, the everything that can be shaken will be shaken. And that's what's going out. But as I look at the European nations, they're coming to a point where they're exerting their what they think about life and what they think about the world. And I think of our own country. I can see that the world is starting to hate our own country more and more each year. So you could see nukes flying over with no problem at all the way people are this morning. And let me um not go on with I was wanting to go down to about the 17th verse here this morning, but it really I was really thinking that th this is what the uh the voice of God recording yesterday for the uh 22nd and I was listening to the message that this quote comes out to. And you know, we all know that God is love. Anyone that is part of God will have love. I'll just read what brother Brandham had to say uh and not go go off point here. And this is uh this comes out of the message perfect faith. I listened to it a couple of times and we everyone here has to accept the fact we're all sinners saved by grace. So we start here and when and when we were sinners alated without God we all were that way one time. Some of us have our hard head sometime. Some of us, it takes a lot more knocks for us to realize who we really are. Some people don't take a lot of knocks. They simply accept it. In the world in the muck of of mud, the muck of mud, as I talked about this morning, God come to us. God sought you. And I I got to raise my hand. I I know that God sought me because I wasn't looking for him, but he found me. You never You never sought God. No man can come to me except the father draws him first. And God came down in the muck, you know, and that's a precious thing to me to know that God loved me enough to spend my young life knocking at my door continually when I did wrong to let me know that there's something better. And it's the same with all of us this morning. What you were sought you out brought you out. And then when you realize that God brought you out, you have that personal relationship. You know that you couldn't do it yourself. you know that God led you to it. So, it gives you that humility to know that you're you really there's no big eyes in God's church. It's just little me all part of one body. And he goes, God came down into the muck what you were and sought you out and brought you out. That ought to create perfect love. And that's what goes to what this chapter speaking I was speaking about that that's what we all need this morning. the as the world gets eier evil as it gets madder at you you go out there and you deal with people out there in the world it doesn't take anything to get people's anger and get their just just ruffle them a little bit and you really see who they are and then I lost my place I hope I don't re brought you out that ought to create perfect love look at what what you was and look at what you are and that's really important am I the same person I was 40 years ago. I hope not. And that's the way the Christian has to look deep inside themselves to make sure that the person you are today wasn't the person you are yesterday. That God has made you better today than you were yesterday. And he goes on to say with this, what did that somebody that loves you? Can't you have faith in what he promised you then? Real genuine love will create confidence in his word. And I was thinking this morning, without knowing the word of God and not having that presence in your life, you'd be a pretty miserable experience. I'll just finish with this. Um, at the end of this chapter, they talk about this Pharisee and the and the good Samaritan not wanting to take a lot of time this morning. And I was thinking about the good I'll just read it. It's I'm not it's not a lot of verses and I'll sit down after this. And we're in that time right now. Jesus answered the lawyer stood up and try to justify himself. He w he asked Jesus's question who's my neighbor and we all know who our neighbor is. But Jesus replies to him that Jesus answered and said, "A certain man went down to Jerusalem to Jericho and fell among the thieves which stripped him of his raignment, wounded him, departed, leaving him half dead." Well, there's a lot of people out in the world that do that to you spiritually if you're not careful. And by chance, there came down a certain priest that way, and when he saw him, he passed by the other side. You know, we can do that ourselves sometimes. And likewise a Levite when he was at the place came and looked upon him and passed by the other side. And then a Samaritan as he journeyed came where he was. And when he saw him he had compassion on him. So that's what this is who we need to be here. And he went to him and bound up his wounds pouring oil and wine and and set him on a beast and brought him to the end and took care of him. So you got to think of the Samaritan also. How did he know that the thieves wouldn't do the same thing to him? Shows courage in his ability that he didn't think about the circumstances. He just took care of the man. And he goes on to say, "And on the tomorrow, when he departed, he took out two pants and gave it to the host, and said unto them, take care of him. And whatsoever thou spendest more when I come again, I will repay thee." Which now of these three thinkst thou was the neighbor unto whom that fell among the thieves? And of course, we know what the man said. He said, "He that showed mercy on him," and then Jesus said to him, "Go and do thy, excuse me, go and do thy likewise." And I was thinking, I would assume that's what God's speaking to me this morning. As he showed me mercy without making a lot, as God has showed me mercy, as he's given me grace in my life, I've got to turn around and do the same thing to others. this, you know, the thing about a Christian life or the Christian experience, I guess the best way to say it is you, it when it's given to you, you got to give it out. You can't hoard it. Whatever blessings God's given you, God wants you to give out those blessings. It's not a hoarding type of religion where you where you hoard everything to yourself and you don't ever give anything out. So, as God blesses us, I think we need to bless others this morning. Brother David, let's stand if we could and appreciate that this morning, Brother Brian. God bless you. And it's good to be in the house of the Lord, isn't it? Amen. You know, Brother John Lefontaine used to say, "I'd rather be here than the best hospital." Well, the last couple weeks I've had my stay in it with Jan. And I thought I always chuckle when I think about that. I thought, Lord have mercy. There's nothing good about them except the people that work there that want to help you. But I thought, my, what an opportunity we have this morning to come and be in the house of the Lord. And I just I just thank the Lord this morning for his grace and mercy. Where would any of us be today without his grace and mercy? Amen. Let's sing that song, Brother Carson, if we could. God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. And Amen. And Amen. And I I just believe he's good. And can you tell me if my memor is right? Isn't this what we always call Josh's song? Me and brother Steve was talking about that the other day. And of course, you know how I am. I I forget her grandson, brother Josh. He he always loved this song. And I was thinking the other day about it. Well, God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time and through the darkest night his light will shine. God is good. Oh, he's so good all night. Well, if you're walking oh through the valley and there are shadows all around. Well, do not fear for he will guide you. Oh, he will keep you safe as I Oh, he has promise. He never leave nor worship. And his word, oh it's true. God is good. Oh yes. Oh all the time. He puts a song of grace in this heart. God is good all the time. In the dark night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh yes. Well, he's so good all time. Well, we were sinners, so unworthy. Still for us, he chose to die. He filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify. All that his love is everlasting. Oh, and his mercy. Oh, they will never. Oh, God is good. Oh, all the time. He puts a song of grace in this heart of mine. God is good all the [Music] time. This night his light will shine. God is good. Oh yes. Well, he's so good all the time. And though I may not understand all the plans you have for me. Oh yes Lord. But my life is in your hands. And through the eyes of faith. Oh I can clearly see that God is good. Oh yes. All the time he puts a song of grace in this heart of mine. God is good for all the time. And through the dark night, his light will shine dark. Oh, he's so good. all the time. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. He's good, isn't he? Amen. Turn over and look at your neighbor and say, "God is good." And you may be seated this morning. God bless you. God is good this morning. Amen. And and you love him with all of our heart this morning. And then that last verse said, "We may not understand why we go through things." And I give this little testimony this morning. friend of mine, uh, his wife, she's worried to death that she had cancer. And I told him, I said, "We'll we'll pray for her." And so I began to tell him about sister Donna's walk, the walk she's going through. And then I told him what the doctor said. He just looked at and he said, "Really?" And I said, "Really?" I said, "Because God is good. No matter what we go through with this morning, and you know, life is not always wonderful. It's tough. I'm telling you, you you you wonder which way, you know, it gets tough. I've seen Janet hurt so much, but then I've seen God deliver and she's coming home today. And I'm thankful for that this morning. But I know we serve awesome God this morning. And and I just and this this song come on my heart this morning. And with what we have, you know what it is? It's joy unspeakable. And it's full of glory. You know what I like? It says the half, brother Tommy, has not been told. We just got half of it so far. How we gonna act when we get it all. Amen. How many's longing for to be in his presence continually? Amen. I tell you, I'm like brother Joe. That prayer time is awesome. And I encourage you because brother Brandham said you cannot pray too much. Well, I have found his grace is all come. Well, he's a flying breath. Well, what I said, I learn at Jesus feet. Well, I am free. Yes, free indeed. Well, it is joy unspeakable and full of glory is full of glory is full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory that have has never yet been told. I have found the pleasures I once made. It is joy and peace within. What a wonderous blessing. Oh, I am saved from the awful cause of sin. Well, it is joy unspeakable and full of glory full love. Glory is full of glory and is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, the half has never yet been told. And I have found that so bright and clear. Living in the realm of grace and of the Savior's presence is so well. I can see his smiling face. Well, it is joy unspeakable. Come this morning, Lord of glory, full of glory. Yes, full of glory. It is joy unspeakable of glory. Oh, the hand has never yet been told. And I have found that joy no tongue can tell his face of glory road. Well, it is like a great flowing well springing up within my soul. Well, it is joy unspeakable and full of glory full of glory. Yes, full of glory. It is joyable. The old has once again this morning if we could. Well, it is joy unspeakable and full of glory for love. Glory. Yes. Full love. Glory. It is joy. The unspeakable. Glory. Oh, the happy has never yet been told. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that song if we could. And every I was praying this morning and this song just kept coming on my heart and I was thinking of the message brother Brandon brother brother Brandon brother Thomas had spoke on the eagle flying higher and this song come on my heart and it just kept on going over and over. It says I'm pressing on the upward way. new heights I'm gaining every day. And I'm still praying as I'm onward bound. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. And said, Lord, and then I begin to hear the prophet. He talked about the eagle. And brother Brad, I watched a video the other day of a eagle. They returned him to freedom. Watched him get out and walk around. And guess what he started doing? He set those wings after he started flying. He was gone. And of course, they all started clapping their hands. And I thought, Lord, I want to be like that eagle. I want to fly and I want to set my wings and just fly out of here someday. Amen. Well, I'm pressing on the upward way. New heights I'm gaining every day. Still praying as I'm onward. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on him. bunst land to a higher plane there. Yes, Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. My heart has no desire to stay. Yes, where doubts arise and fears despair. Though some may dwell where these abound, my prayer mind is high your ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on him. But table to higher than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. And I want to scale the utmost high and catch a glee of glory bright. But still I'll pray till heaven I die on high your ground. Lord lift me up and let me stand unstable. unstable land to a higher place than I have [Music] found all night your Amen. That's my desire. Isn't it yours this morning? And pray the Lord will give me faith to believe. Amen. Brother Caleb and brother Daniel and brother Michael John, would you come take up the offering this morning? And like I said, uh my daughter and my sister-in-law Joeta are going to go get Janet this morning. And uh my daughter's been staying here with us this week. And been a real blessing to me. Of course, when you're a dad and your kids move away when they come in for no matter what reason, it's always good to have your kids at home. But remember her. She'll be going home tomorrow. And we have uh some prayer requests we want to take. Uh, want to remember Sister Sarah, she's sick this morning, not feeling well, and just pray that God will touch her body this morning. And and Sister Lois is down in her back. Want to remember her in prayer this morning. And uh u you said Stella, right? Want to continue to remember Sister Patty's mom, Stella. She's doing a lot better. We want to remember her in prayer this morning. And also continue to remember Sister Parish. And uh you know, a couple of the sisters stopped by. I forgot who all it was and seen her. It just makes her day. So folks, if you're around Russellville and if you don't have but five minutes, go knock on her door and say hi. You talking about the world will light up, won't it, brother Steve? When she sees your face, she smiles. You don't have to go in. All you have to do is tell her how are you doing? And she's happy. So remember Sister Parish. And I know she's watching this morning and just thankful the Lord's touching her body. and we just want to continue to remember her and our other shut in sister Peggy this morning and also a good friend of mine. Uh most a lot of you know Lawrence Strader. He's going to have surgery at the end of this month and uh on a hip replacement and Lawrence told me he said, "What if I don't wake up?" I said, "Well, Lawrence, he's he's up in his up in his 80s and he he's just really afraid that he might not wake up when they put him out." I said, "Well, if you're a Christian and you love the Lord, it ain't going to matter." He said, 'Well, would you pray for me that I'll I'll be all right. I said, I said, 'We'll pray and I'll have the church pray for you. So, he covets your prayers this morning. Most of you that know Lawrence and Barb Strader, they're just awesome people and just remember him in prayer this morning. Continue to remember Sister Donna, Sister Sherry, and uh Sister Janette this morning, that God will continue to touch their bodies. If you have a need in your heart, you might just lift it to the Lord this morning. And we're going to ask Brother Caleb Ber if he'll just pray over the offering these needs this morning. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh, I'm a child of the king. His royal blood, well, it now flows through my veins. And I, who was rich and vile now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, I'm a child of Once again this morning. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. His royal blood. Oh, it now flows through my veins and I who was wreted and I now can sing. Praise God. [Music] [Music] Give up and let Jesus take over. Give up and let Jesus take over. give up and let Jesus take over and he'll make a way for you. Well, if you got mountains, you got mountains. Oh, yeah. That you that you can't climb. And hills. You got rivers. You got rivers. That you that you can't cross and hills. You got valleys. You got valleys. Oh yeah. That you that you can't spread. Let Jesus take a hold of your hand. Give up and let Jesus take over. [Music] Give up and let Jesus take over. Give up and let Jesus. Take over and he'll make a way for you. Well, if your burdens, your burdens, oh yeah, are hard, they're hard to bear. And if you're load, you're load, oh yeah, seems more seems more than you share. Kneel down and call and call. Oh yeah. to the one who came and he make a way for you. Give up and let Jesus take over. Give up and let Jesus take over. Give up and let Jesus take over and heal make a way for you. [Music] Amen. Did you enjoy that song this morning? Amen. How many's glad he made a way for you this morning? Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's stand this morning. And Brother Carson, was you able to pull that song up? Did he say yes or no? Yeah. Yes. This song come on my heart and I I had to have to confess. Brother Carson done all my hard work for me. And uh I'll start with a chorus. Brother Carson. And uh I love this song. And after they sang, I thought, well, we'll just sing this song. It's called Thanks for Loving Me. You remember that song, Sister Becky? I said, "Thanks for loving me. For you have set my spirit free." Well, I'm not what I used to be. Oh, I said thank you, Lord, for loving me. Of course, once again, oh, I said thanks for loving me. For you have set my spirit free. Well, I'm not what I used to be. Oh, I say thank you, Lord, for loving me. Well, I know you kept on loving when no love was returned. You kept right on blessing me when I did not deserve. You've been the dearest friend that anyone could be. And I said, "Thank you, Lord, for loving me." Oh, I said, "Thanks for loving me. Oh, you have set my spirit free. Oh, I'm not what I used to be. Oh, I say thank you, Lord, for loving me. Well, the heart was heavy and no one didn't care. My life was full of misery that no one would share. My spirit was in prison. I couldn't have the key. And I said, "Thank you, Lord, for loving me." Oh, I said, "Thanks for loving me." Oh, you have set my spirit free. Well, I'm not what used to be. Oh, I said thank you, Lord, for loving me. Sing the chorus again. Well, I said thanks for loving me. God bless you. Bless you. My spirit free. [Applause] [Music] God. Amen. I think that'll be all for the music this morning. We greet you all in the name of the Lord. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to see everybody out this morning. Amen. We want to have that meeting about building a gym after service. So, if all the heads of the houses and also your wives can be with you if you'd like. Amen. Because we wanted to maybe talk about a kitchen and things like that. So, uh if you want to stay and and help out too if you ca if you want to. Amen. We just don't maybe kids somebody could watch the kids and stuff like that immediately after service today. Okay. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Precious and kind heavenly father, we come before you Lord Jesus once again Lord realizing father our own inability our own feebleness Lord Jesus and humanity Lord realizing father that it is not upon that that we rely but we rely on you father we rely on the spirit father both up here and in the congregation in the audience Lord for we without you we know that we can do nothing and we just ask God that you'll just bless Lord the service today in a special way Lord Father that you would just direct my thoughts intense and intents of my heart and and that which I feel Lord you've laid upon my heart to speak Lord you just speak it just the way you want Father this morning and be with the ears of the hearers Lord Jesus we know that there is nothing as powerful as your word because you you said that the word of God is quick it's powerful sharper than any two-edged sword piercing even to dividing us under of soul and spirit and it is a discerner of the thoughts and in the intents of heart, Lord, and you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. And we just desire that you'll have your way and bless all those prayer requests that have been mentioned. Once again, we lift them before you and believe God that you'll answer those prayers in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. I want to continue on with our thought pretty much on Wednesday because I certainly didn't get done. There was this there were several areas that I did not cover. Amen. And so I want to with the help of the Lord, Amen, just kind of Amen. kind of go down a couple more roads that I wanted to go. Amen. We're talking of course about eagle food. Amen. Amen. Just to recap a little bit. Talking about the eagle age. I won't go back and read it again over in Revelations how that there was a four beasts in that right before the throne. I believe one of them was the lion, the other one was the ox, the other one was the face of a man. And of course, the last power was a flying eagle. Amen. And we kind of started these series with Amen. called to fly or something like that. Ain't that right? Amen. Has God has called us to a higher calling. Amen. Amen. And we got to talking a little bit Wednesday talking about how that at the turn of the century around not this century. I guess we're already in another century, but back in the 19th century, Amen. late 1800s, early 1900s. Amen. uh all of humanity took a turn and I called it the beginning of the end. But I was sitting back there and I thought, you know, there's another part of that. Amen. And and uh and the other half of that there's the beginning of the end. And there's the beginning for the believer, it's the beginning of the beginning. Amen. Ain't that right? Because brother Bram said, you know, that we are going back to Eden as fast and as hard as we can. So we're going back to the beginning. Amen. And God is preparing us. God is preparing a people getting ready to go back to Eden. Amen. In the most evil age that there is, the most wicked, the most deceitful. Amen. Where there'll be millions and billions of people that think they're a Christian and that they think they're going to make it and they're not going to make it. Amen. And the Bible for that is the scripture for that is many will come into me that day say haven't we cast out devils in your name? Haven't we done all these many mighty works and he'll say depart from me. I never knew you. So we know that that is a very deceptive world we're living in. We're we're living in a in a very dangerous hello world. We're living in a very cruel and mean world. Amen. In a world where a person like Hitler could destroy men, women, and babies and children, unmercifully kill them. Ain't that right? And uh before that, it was the Roman Empire that did it for for thousands of years, so to speak, down through the dark ages. They burned them at the stake. Y'all have heard the stories how pregnant women, they'd cut them open, take their babies out, and do all kinds of things that were just completely unimaginable. And that's the world that you and I are living in. Isn't that right? And certainly are living in a Satan's Eden right now. Ain't that right? We're living in Satan's Eden. Amen. But God seen fit. Aren't you glad that God said that he's going to send you Malachi 4 before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord and he'll turn the children back to the fathers. Isn't that right? Least I come and smite the earth with a curse. If it wouldn't have been for the message of the hour, this place would already be cursed by almighty God. Can we say the only reason that the nukes haven't come? The only reason we haven't, the world hasn't seen the nukes is because of his little bride that's on the earth this morning. That's the only reason because he's coming. Amen. Gorbachev, not Gorbachev. I'm way late. Putin come back in Gorbachov's days. Putin. Amen. I'm He's ordained. That's right. Ordained. I believe Brother B. They've got on our number. We've got one of their nukes numbers. And so does the Pope of Rome. So does Rome. One day, one hour, the Bible says he's going to be burnt with fire. Amen. So those are my opening statements. Did I scare you to death? Amen. God bless you this morning. We just want to Amen. Uh turn if you Bibles. We won't keep you standing too long. Let's go. Amen. This morning. And do you have that title up? Do you have that title for us or No. I want to talk about heaven's door and hell's gates. Heaven's doors and hell's gates. If you'll notice, there's one door, but hell has gates. Isn't that right? Many, many other ways it leads to destruction. Ain't that right? But there's one way to heaven. There's one door that leads to heaven. Amen. St. John, if you will, St. John. Then over in Revelations 3 also actually let's begin with uh Matthew. Go to Matthew 16. We'll talk about hell's gates first. Matthew 16 and verse 16. And Simon Peter answered and said, "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." And Jesus answers and said unto him, "Blessed art thou, Simon Barjonah, for flesh and blood has not revealed it unto thee, but my father which is in heaven." And I say unto you, that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. and I will give you the keys to the kingdom of heaven. Amen. Ain't that something? Must be a door. If there's keys involved, that right? Must be a door somewhere. That's right. Amen. And whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. And whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. St. John 10. St. John 10. Verse one, verily, verily, I say unto you, he that enterth not by the door into the sheepfold fold, but climbth up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber. Down in verse seven, it says, "And then said Jesus unto them again, verily I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep." Amen. Verse nine, "I am the door. By me, if any man enter in, he shall be saved and shall go in and out and find pasture. The thief cometh not, but for to steal and to kill and to destroy. I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly." Amen. Praise the Lord. Ain't that a wonderful scriptures? Revelations 3 and verse Revelations 3 and verse 15. I know thy works that thou art neither cold nor hot. I would that thou art cold nor hot. So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. Because thou sayest, I am rich and increased with goods and have need of nothing. and knowest not that thou art wretched and miserable and poor and blind and naked. I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich and white raignment and that thou mayest be clothed and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear and anoint thine eyes with eyes that thou mayest see as many as I love. I rebuke and chasten. Be zealous therefore and repent. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. And if any hearing man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and will set him and he with me. May God add his blessings to the word this morning. You can be seated. Amen. Praise the Lord. This is going to be kind of a doctrinal message this morning. Amen. I prayed about kind of which way to go because we know that brother Brandon preached a message called Doors Indoor. Ain't that right? Maybe we'll take that Wednesday. I don't know for sure but doors in door and he talks about e each one of us as an individual. Ain't that right? How that we have to let the god come into our heart. We let him in but then when he comes in it's like having uh invited somebody into your house. It's just one room that he comes into at first but there's many doors and he actually called it doors in door. Amen. Amen. Within that one door are many doors. And I don't want to go down that way but amen. I just want to uh more think about the door that God has opened up in our generation. Is that right? Amen. A door that God has opened up in our generation. And I believe it's over in Revelations and it would have been in the prior church age, the second to the last. I mean, yeah, the the it was actually the Philadelphiaian church age. Amen. that he writes to the to that church and he says to the angel of the Philadelphiaians, write these things saith he that is holy, he that is true, and he that hath the key of David, he that openeth and no man shutth and shutth and no man openeth. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I know thy works. Behold, I have set before thee an open door, an open door, and no man can shut it. For thou has a little strength and has kept my word and has not denied my name. Amen. I'm not going to take the time to go into it. I had it looked up and studied it where brother Brandham took that very phrase and he talked about that he was talking about that door that was put before him. Amen. Would be which would lap over into the Lelaya age and how that God would open up. Amen. Our understanding of the Godhead. Ain't that right? The understanding of who really is God. Amen. And who really is the door? Ain't that right? Amen. So we would understand that it's not in a church, not in an individual. No salvation in a church anywhere. Only one place that you can enter in and that is by Jesus Christ. He is that door and that door opens. And he says because of our understanding and the name even in the restoration of the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Because we know that there is power in the name of Jesus. Ain't that right? Amen. And not in the titles of father, son, and holy ghost. Because brother Brandham had witch doctors in the name of father, son, and the holy ghost. Isn't that right? How did all of not in? But anyway, I don't think they used the father, son, and holy ghost. They might have. I don't remember. But anyway, they lifted this table up. Isn't that right? And brother Brandham said, "In the name of the father, son, the holy ghost, come down." And it didn't do nothing. God really doesn't have to honor people, amen, with the baptism of the Holy Ghost today. Amen. If you baptize in the titles of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Now, we know that God did bless the previous churches. Brother Brandham said they did. He winked at the ignorance of Luther and Wesley when you don't know. God sometimes winks at your ignorance and he'll bless you anyway. But once you know, and once the truth has been brought out, Amen. The truth is presented to you. It puts you in a whole different ballgame, a whole different feel. Now you've rejected the truth. Amen. And you come under the condemnation of rejection. Amen. And so God don't bless that. No. Huh. Now you have to once you're faced with the truth, Amen. You have to either accept it or you have to reject it. And I'm thankfully that God has opened it up to us. open these things up to us so that we could have the power, the full power in the name of Jesus. Because when he said in the name of Jesus Christ, he might have even used his own name in the name of William Brandom. It didn't come down. There's no power in the name of William Brandom. There's only one place that there is true power and that is in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Praise be to God. Whatever you do in word and do all in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. So I got to looking at that and so praise the Lord. Let me recap a little bit before we get going. Is that okay? And I said Wednesday how that God told Brother Brandham, he said to take those tapes, stay here. Amen. And store up food. Isn't that right? Go back and store up food. And where is that storehouse? The tabernacle. And here's where the food has been stored up. Talked about the message that he preached. Six hours long. Amen. And so forth. He says, "And it's been stored up here. These tapes will go worldwide. One of these tapes where people in their houses, them tapes will fall right into the hands of the predestinated seed of God. Amen. He can direct that word. He'll direct everything just exactly to its course. That's the reason he sent me back to do this to store up food. How many believe that we are eating on ego's food? Amen. And I believe that. I truly believe with all of my heart because of the eagle food, it's the last power. It's the last force. Amen. It's going to translate our very body. The food that we eat here. Amen. It's going to transform our very body. Why? Because if we believe the message that God has sent, the prophet God said that one of these mornings, Amen, the Holy Spirit will come down. He'll sweep over and you'll feel some weird sensation or whatever. You'll be changed in the very Adams. I believe that word. If you believe that word, then you're going to be part of Amen. Those who are changed in the moment, in the twinkling of an eye, the trump of God shall sound and the dead shall cry shall rise first. And we which are alive and reign shall not prevent them that are asleep. How many believes that's going to happen? That's going to be the ultimate result of Malachi 4. I will send you Malachi 4 to restore you back to the original faith in the fathers. This message, this food that we're eating is a message of restoration to take us back to the way that Paul preached it. How many believe that brother Brand preached just what Paul preached? He took out all denominations. That's why a denomination many times said he's out because it's man-made creeds and dogmas and all of that mixed in it. And you can't have all of that now and expect to go in the rapture. Amen. It's amazing. Amazing the depth of what God has done in our day. Amen. People claim to know Jesus, claim to believe Jesus, but when you try to tell them what Jesus did in our day, they don't want anything to do with it. Right. They don't want anything to do with it. And it goes to show you what they would have done back there. Amen. I don't know which message it was, but boy, when brother Brandon blasted Leos here, y'all remember that taste is blind Leona. Brother Brandon means like he comes right to you and you can't even accept him. It just really got to him. That's right. He screamed blind Leona. Why? Because that revelation that's the condition that the church in our age was and is wretched, miserable, poor, blind, very religious had him outside of the door. The only church age that Christ was outside the door and knocking. I believe anytime this message is preached, this word is preached like this, it's Christ knocking at people's heart's door, trying to get in. I'm so glad I let him in. And it takes a leap of faith. You got to be that little eagle that takes that leap of faith and say, "I believe the message. I believe God sent a prophet. I believe it's right. It's Christ coming and vindicated." Amen. begin to flop your wings and come out of that barnyard. You've got to leave that barnyard. It takes courage to flop your wings. Amen. Praise the Lord. I want to pick that up again here in a minute. Talking about the eagle, the whole message is surrounded by the eagle story. It all consists of that eagle story. And I'll show you even even in brother Bam's ministry there 65. I mean he'll he'll type it in. But let me let me first of all I want to talk about the loosing. How that the door of hell has opened up. How many believe that? Brother Abraham said that the lids come off of hell. The lid has come off of hell. Imagine that. And I don't know if y'all have heard this about uh Euphrates, the Euphrates River drying up and they're going to they're claiming that those four riders and all those demons are going to come out of it, you know, and all the things that those demons are going to do. We're going to go over that here in the next 20 minutes. Maybe come before we come back to our thought. But there was a certain loosing. Brother B makes a statement. He says, "Brother, the lid has come off of hell and streams of demon powers are pouring in from everywhere, conquering nations, politics, churches until they don't know anything. But my churches don't teach that." Amen. Brother Bam says people that'll say, "Well, my church don't teach that." Who Who is your lover? Is your church your lover or is the word your lover? Who are you in love with? When you see the truth, but you'd rather take what some man said. That's right. I want to make another statement over in over in Isaiah 14. It said, "How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning? heart thou cut down to the ground which weaken the nations. For thou has said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the messengers or stars of God. So the devil will do anything to try to exalt his idea and his thoughts above the messengers of God. How many knows God has seven stars in his right hand? Ain't that right? I will also sit upon the mount of the congregation, upon the signs of the north. I will ascend above the height of the clouds. I will be like the most high. That was Satan's ambition. Amen. That was Satan's ambition. In 2 Thessalonians also in the second chapter verse three, it says, "Let no man deceive you by any means and that day shall not come except there come a falling away first and that man of sin be revealed the son of pardon who opposes and exaltth himself." Notice two words. He opposes. He's against the truth. Oh my folks. I don't care if you're in the message. You got to be careful whether you're opposing one another or not. If you are an opposing person, that means you are not on the s not on the same mind level. You're not in unity with that person. you oppose that person and you're either right or you're wrong because you're exalting yourself. You exalted himself above all that is called God so that he is worshiped so that God he is he as God siteth in the temple of God showing himself that he is God. Praise the Lord. Let me see here. Listen. Brother Bams makes a statement. Now notice that when the church world, he's talking about this church world nowadays. Amen. When they would not have the word of God to rule over them, they accepted a murderer, Barabus, when they did this and it exalted Satan, the god of this evil age, to the place that he always wanted to be. So, it is in our age that the devil finally got to be on the throne that he wants to be. Now, we know when he's really going to be on the throne and when he's really going to sit there is when the bride goes up and that very accuser of the brethren is cast down. And it says, "Woe to the inhabitants of the earth." Then, "Woe to the remnant of the woman's seed. When he comes after you, he will hunt you down. He will kill you. If you don't belong to him, you might be going somewhere to pray for somebody and they'll blow your head off. That's what the prophet of God said. Yeah. He'll know he'll truly rule. Didn't mean to go down here, but we know that that the pope Catholics, they hold the gold of the world. They're the ones that hold the wealth of the world and even they will make a pack with Israel in the tribulation period. Ain't that right? But he will truly completely control the wealth of the world. Now you wonder why we're into getting the debt that we are right. But Bam said somebody's going to pay that debt off and whoever pays that debt off or who can we say whoever we owe that to is who we got to listen to. So you see where it's going. But anyway, it it was just something how that another place he talks about and I didn't have time to go into it. I believe it was in uh lean not on to your own understanding. Amen. When they lean to their own understanding, he also makes a statement that they have taken amen their own ideas and their own lean to their own understanding above the vindicated and proven word of God. And they have exalted the devil to where he want it to be. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, back to our thought a little bit, back to uh the loosing of these these demons. And I just want to show you that this has already happened. These demons that were loosed. I don't understand it all. All I can tell you is what the prophet said. You could talk to a You could talk to a college professor, Benny Hinn. I don't know. Give me some of them great men. Give me the Or Roberts, Billy Graham. But I'm here to tell you, I'd take Brother Bam's word over any of them. Over any of them. Because I want to tell you something this right now. And that is Brother Bam was the authority. under God. Just like Luther was, Wesley was, Paul was. Ain't that right? Paul was the same way. He said, "Anybody's be spiritual or uh you know, whatever, let him acknowledge that the things that we write unto you are the commandments of God." Amen. And if any angel come and preach anything other than what we preach, but that's a pretty that's a direct authority under Almighty God. That's what our seventh angel's messenger was. God was right there with him. Oh my. Remember all those 70 ministers in Chicago that was wanting to challenge brother Brandham on his godhead and serpent seed and what and water baptism and all of that. Isn't that right? They wanted to they wanted to uh uh challenge him on it or whatever or and there was a trap set. The angel said go but go ahead I'm with you. I'll be by your side. The angel said, "And why do you think that the brother man said to any of you that think that's wrong, come up here by my side later?" He said, "They have dropped dead." That's right. We have seen We had an Ananas and Safh, wouldn't we? Why? Oh, man. Aren't you? Oh, I'm here to tell you, you don't realize my Let me help you realize if I can. I'm jumping around here, but the people of the earth are now making their choice. The Holy Spirit is here calling out a bride for Christ. He's doing it by vindicating the word of promise to her age, showing that it is Christ. Somebody believes that this vindication of what God came and did. Amen. Both that picture and all those things that God did was infallible. Amen. He is picking her out. He's choosing her. Amen. By vindicating to her what the truth is. How many's glad to have a vindicated, proven truth. We don't have to go nowhere else. We don't have to seek nowhere else. We've gotten the vindicated truth where Jesus would come down. Amen. Whether it was by those 70 ministers or whether it was the Hindu and the Muslims and the 30,000 he of 50 500,000 he challenged the Hindu the Buddha all of those priests come up here and open his blind man's eyes and we'll serve your God. The same challenge Elijah made in the Old Testament. Ain't that right? Whoever's God answers by fire, let him be God. And those false prophets of Baal went up there and cut themselves. Amen. And this man did everything calling and Elijah mocked and said, "Where is he?" Maybe he's on vacation. Maybe he's sleeping. Ain't that right? And then he says, "Okay, now we're going to see. Now I want you to take some water and I want you to douse this thing water. I don't I'm sure I'm not even sure how many times. Do it again. Do it again." Amen. Until everything was just gushing wet. He says, "Now let the God that is God answer by fire and the fire came down. He consumed the altar, it consumed everything. [Applause] When brother Bam said, "Come up here and open his eyes, man, man's eyes." And women, when brother Bam says, "I can't do it. I'm just his servant." But if Jesus Christ whom I represent will open his eyes, will you accept him? Amen. when he began to see and they all saw it and he saw I want you to understand there was an absolute nuclear explosion of faith that took place a nuclear explosion I call it 30,000 raw heathens in that right accepted God over in Africa remember when there was a nuclear explosion everybody's faith Amen just come way up cuz how many knows when you see the power of God it opens up a door to more faith. Paul said v experience spills hope. Ain't that right? When you have an experience with God, you've seen God do it. It gives you faith that he'll do it again. God is able. Now, let's go where we didn't get to go Wednesday. Amen. This widow woman, I won't This comes to mind, so I'll mention it, but it's not the direction I want to go. But this widow woman that we're a type of that had three square meals a day. Ain't that right? That ate good in the famine. We could say that brother Bam talked about how that the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. This our Elijah not only were we a widow, but he also inspoused us to a new husband. He didn't leave us a widow. No. No, but he had to first proclaim in the invisible union of Christ in the bride, he had to proclaim and before you can be married again, your first husband has to be dead. Ain't that right? And listen to this. Brother Bam, brother Bam makes a statement. He says note so every one of us know that the whole rank of denominationals Pentecost and all are dead. I as a man would never say that but he said it. He was the authority of God. That's right. are dead. And to be born again Christians of the message, you have to your first husband has to be dead. You know that he is dead. So, how many knows? That's right. We were married to another because Amen. Our first husband, we're dead to our denomination, to the one that once took care of us. They don't take care of us anymore. They don't supply for us anymore. That thing is dead. In order for you to be married to Christ, you've got to get rid of that thing completely. die completely to that thing. Amen. All right, that was just a little thought that I didn't get to, but listen. Now, let's talk about the loosing, the opening up of hell's gates. Hell's gates coming loose. Demons, streams of demon powers coming out where they came from. And you know, I want to first say this that most of the time when demons begin to take any person over or anything, it's just in a small way. Just in a small way. Brother Bam says, you know, just, you know, a little boy or something to smoking that corn silk or whatever it is out behind the barn. Could be a little kid, you know, you know, with chocolate all over their mouth. No, I didn't take no cookies out of the cookie show. Oreo cookies are all in their teeth, right? Could be just something small, but it goes and goes and goes and he said, "Legion," I believe he said something about maybe he just told his wife a little lie. Came home and he was half drunk. She says, "Have you been drinking?" "No, I ain't been drinking." One after the other after the other. Pretty soon it was a whole legion. Ain't that right? It always starts small but it goes big. But bam says the way amen that the devil was released in this hour was that songs that they used to watch and watch what they sing. You know because how many knows demons come on music. Demons come with music. They come with the words that they sing. That's right. They come on words. And look at where it's at today. Look at the rap music and what brought what that brought and how far it's gone. Look at that. how open how did it open up people to just completely we know that even uh you know I've I've I've um looked at the history and seen in history they said that when first rock and roll when rock and roll first came out murders and rapes and serial killers shot to the increase like you ain't never seen it multiplied. It just kind of released. It was a release of demon powers. Amen. Amen. But I want to say, what about you and I? How many believes our music that we sing? It brings the atmosphere of the Holy Ghost. It don't make us murderers and everything else. No, it makes us sweet and kind and gentle and patient and loving. Amen. The words that we hear, isn't that right? Amen. through television and all these things has corrupted the nation. Amen. And through our vision, vision that we have been given. How many knows? Through the vision that we have been given, it brings us back to God and draws us closer to God. How many believe that's why it's so important to stay with the vision? Praise the Lord. Now, let's look at these. Let's look at the loosing, the opening of it. Brother Bam says under the sixth seal, I believe it was. Note in Revelations 9, let's just read that. Go with me to Revelations 9 talking about the gates of hell basically right now and how that they've opened up and what comes forth. And I didn't get time to look at it very much, but brother Bam said that from Hitler, it went into the ecclesiastical realms. Those demons went into the ecclesiastical realms. Ain't that right? And is deceiving the world. And look, look, I mean, you don't have to look far to see where they're at. But listen, Revelations 9 13. I like it the way the brother Brandon places it. says, "And the sixth angels sounded, and I heard a voice from the four horns of the golden altar, which is before God, saying to the sixth angel which had the trumpet, loose." The four angels which are bound at the great river Euphrates. And the four angels were loosed and were prepared for an hour and for a day and a month and a year for the slate of third part of me men. And the number of the army of the horsemen were 200,000 thousand and a hund and I heard the number of them. Brother Abraham says it this way. This is what I go by. Under the sixth trumpet, he says Revelation 13 under the sixth trumpet. Note there was 200,000 horsemen that had been bound at the river Euphrates and was turned loose under that sixth trumpet. Now there's not 200 horsemen in the world nowhere. He says, but it said 200 horsemen. He says, "Now notice it wasn't natural horses that breathed fire and they had breastplates of jasper. They had tails and the end of their tail looked like a serpent and a snake's head on the end of it stinging." Oh my. It was spiritual horses, spiritual devils, chargers that had been bound at the Euphrates all these years. Supernatural devils. What was it? The old Roman Empire being revived. the persecution of the Jews. Hello. Isn't it crazy how that a man could have his home, a general could have his home within seeing distance, almost hearing distance of those extermination camps and have his two children, his wife, and living there like nothing was going on. Oh, honey, I'll be back tonight. And go out there and kill 10,000 that day. come back home. Oh, honey, give me a hug and get kiss the kids and take care and then go kill the way that he did. Can you imagine how devilish how? Yeah, it was an absolute devil from hell, wasn't it? And not just one, but all of those that parttook, whether it was guard duty, no matter what it was, they all had to be possessed by something to do such a thing. Amen. That's right. Devils of persecution upon the Jews and they've been bound for nearly 2,000 years at the river Euphrates can't cross to the promise. A religious sect that was trying to get to the other side, you know, could come through Eden. They were bound there. Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh 200,000 devils of persecution. Notice what happens under that sixth trumpet. They were loosed upon the Jews. The persecution of the Jews. supernatural devils nearly 2,000 years waiting then loosed by Stalin and Hitler and them men. Hello loose by that and we saw the effects of it. Then later on he says now notice these ecclesiastes devils they're riding trying to out everything that is right. How did you notice how everything that is right is wrong and everything that's wrong they want to make right? Amen. My I mean we are living in a twisted up world. Twisted up world. My but while this group is writing making themselves ready to stamp out everything that won't agree with them. He says there's another group being made ready after a while. Revelation 19. Next time is the church heard of. She comes also not upon exactly white horses. The Bible said, "But all of the hosts of heaven will follow them on a white horse." Listen, while this group down here has got 2,000 bound at the river Euphrates, 2,000 years of being bound, and has been bound for 2,000 years. Also, that church bound the Holy Spirit for nearly 2,000 years under martyrdom back there. And under the church ages, it's been bound. Not at the river Euphrates, but at the door of creeds and dogmas. Ain't that the right? Oh my. You going to some churches and you say amen and hallelujah and praise God. You can't do that. You speak in tongues with them. You can't do that. Bound bound the Holy Spirit. I was thinking, you know, look at the freedom that the Holy Spirit has given us. We should enjoy the freedom that the Holy Spirit has given us. Amen. Bound the Holy Ghost was bound at the door of creeds and dogmas. And that Holy Spirit can't work in church because of man-made creeds, man-made systems. But she's going to be liberated. How many believe that? She's going to be liberated. She is coming back. Amen. And those two meet again on the battlegrounds. Lucifer and Michael again. How many believe that we're in the greatest battle that has ever been fought? Brother Bam said is now about to start and God is getting his soldiers ready. He's equipping them. He's getting us ready. How many know you've got to have right frame of mind? You've got to have the right soul. Amen. Your heart has to be right. Your spirit has to be right. You've got to be filled with the Holy Ghost, having the shield of faith that whatever the devil brings, Amen. God is more than able to do it. God is getting an army ready. I believe I'm looking at that army. Amen. That he talked about that God is getting ready and we're fighting that devil. We're fighting that thing that binds us. We're busting that chicken cage open. Amen. And we're coming out of that chicken pane and we're flying into the height like never before. Woo! Glory. I'm imagining myself back in the Amish church where I come from the Schwarzenber doing that. Woo! Man, oh man. You can only imagine what it would be like. Hallelujah. Think about it though. My praise the Lord. You love him. Amen. So we see how that the devil has been loosed. Ain't that right? But he promised that the Holy Spirit would also be loosed. How many believes that there's a loosing of the spirit? Hallelujah. In the age which we li live in, how many believe there's a door of science that's been loosed, the door of science has been loosed, knowledge shall be increased. Thank God for Thomas Edison and uh uh a and Thomas Edison, he was the one that got electricity, right? Who else was I thinking about? And even even the medical world, think about the medical world. If you got appendix that burst or got infected and so forth, you would die. Amen. You get a cancer here, cancer there, and nowadays if it's in a in a tumor form, they can go in there and they can take it out. You can live. How many glad for the advancements, the open doors. Brother Abraham said, "Thank God for penicellin. People got to praying for cures for these things." And if they went to praying, God give it to them. I thank God for every open door. Every open door. You know, we know that in uh we know that in uh our personal lives sometimes God will close a door. Don't get all shook up. Don't get all shook up when God closes a door. Have faith. Ain't that right? God can open another door. How many knows that God has to open your door of faith? Now, we know that Christ is the door. Jesus is the door. Aren't you glad that we had a Malachi 4? He didn't turn us back. He didn't point us back to another church age. In those tapes, he has a thing written there. He says, "I'm not here to point you to myself or to make another denomination or to start another church. I am here to reestablish fellowship between God and man. In other words, he pointed us to the door, the right door. There's all kinds of doors out there. But there's only one true door that's through Jesus Christ. I don't care if you're here at church. I don't care if you're driving down the road. I don't care where you are. That door is available to you. If God knocks on your door, it's best to open up and say, "Lord, come in and sit with me." and me with you. I've been eating eating good for 30 some years this. Amen. Fellowshipping with God. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. In the age that we're living in, we realize that this Leoysia church age. Now, let me just go into this for a minute. This leodysia church age that they had put Christ outside the door. They had put him out. Can you imagine any church that brother Brandon would come to town and of course he would preach his message and he says now how many needs prayer a lot of them raise their hands you know well now I don't know what's wrong with you I don't know but maybe hardly anybody here but if you'll come and show who he is you know will you believe him and he'd say well now you know who I'm waiting on how many knows there was a supernatural being that he was waiting on and he had to wait. He couldn't do nothing in himself. But then the Lord would come and around the turn of the century when God began to try to express himself in that way. He made Malachi 4. He created Now this may seem like I'm going on a side, but I'll try to pick it back up. But he made Malachi 4 in such a way because brother Bam says you know he has made me in a certain way so that seeing these visions here it's like dreaming a dream he said cuz you can wake up and say man this is this is what I saw this is what I dreamed he says but I he has put my conscience and my subconscious so close together he designed brother Brandham in such a way that he could stand right here look at you sister Sherry tell you the secrets of your heart. He would be looking at something completely different. He would be so to speaking but seeing a vision. Amen. Now the Pentecostals Leosa they still had man-made creeds and dogmas in it. Right? And their creed was their creed was that it meant the evidence of the Holy Ghost and that you're saved is if you speak with tongues. Brother Brandham refuted that. And after he preached the seals, he says, "It's Antichrist. It's wrong." They didn't like it. And after those seals, Amen, they turned away from him. That's when he was put out. Amen. And they would not. And they would say, "Look, anybody that'll go to those meetings where Jesus is discerning the thoughts and intents of the heart, we will excommunicate you." Now, they didn't say it in that way, but they did say that because Amen. Brother Bam said he said he had a preacher call him. He said, "Now I want there was somebody that was at your platform. I'm gonna have to put him out and he'll be lost." He says, "You mean you're a gospel preachers and you don't know more about the gospel than that?" Do you think that just because it's his name, not on your book, that he's going to be lost? Brother Brandon got a little ill with him. He says, "Get off the phone, mister. Get off the phone, mister. Why? Because that was ignorance. But the thing, that's really what they were saying. If you're going to go and be where Jesus is doing the very Messa sign, we'll pick you out of our church. So, you see how they had put Christ out. Amen. They had put Christ out. Now how many knows it was a great thing on on Isuza street the speaking of tongues and interpretation of tongues and most of the time it is such the lord I'm going to come soon or there was sometimes specific things said and a lot of time no doubt specific things said to certain people to do a certain thing ain't that right but those speaking in tongues were not even close to as great as the Messiah sign of discernment is that Right. I mean, just quoting scriptures or whatever, you know, a and if they did it right and said, "Hey, brother Troy, don't you go to work tomorrow. You stay home cuz there's going to be an explosion somewhere." Whatever it might be, or what, you know, so you don't want to be there. And you don't. And sure enough, wherever you are, don't go down that road. There's going to be a crash. That's wonderful. That's great. But God come down in a greater way and did the very same thing that Jesus did on the earth. How many knows that we're always talking about? Amen. In order to be united with Christ, we're going to have to be just like him. Ain't that right? Ain't that what brother Bham said? And he Butter Bam said, look what God is doing in his body church today. Amen. It's not just in one individual, but he did it through the prophet. God was so real. It was so much like Jesus. People took him to be Jesus. Can we say this this morning? Amen. that that the church has been and is reflecting that image of Jesus Christ like never before so close they thought g brother Brandham was Jesus because he did the very same things and the Bible says the works that I do shall you do also and many times brother Brandon would say that before the discernment now didn't Jesus say that the works that we I do shall you do also now if he'll come and do that you'll know that it's him and then do it millions of times right do it all millions of times and still the church world chose to be blind out of this whole area. You'd have thought the world would talk about it. The world would know it. Didn't brother Bam said when Jesus came I doubt that a very very small percentage knew that he was ever even here. Didn't even realize that he was here. Brother Brandham said when he was here, he says everywhere now there's no revival. Everybody's complaining, ministers crying. I read the outstanding newspaper that comes here to our church. The very fine paper. I know the editor. I know the people. They're godly people. Brother and sister Moore. Herald of his coming. One of the finest papers of the field. Herald of is coming. But they hardly will permit anything unless it's about fast, pray, fast, pray, sound a trumpet. How many reads it? You know, you see it all the time. Fast pray. That's all. That's all you hear. Fast pray. We're going to have a great breaking of a day. There's a great thing going to happen. All of you pray, pray, pray. We're not too late to have it yet. And what do why do they do that? Why do they do that? They want a great awakening. They're crying, believing that there will be an awakening. They're good people. Why is it? Why have they done it? He says they have not recognized the awakening of the bride. Amen. They were praying for something that was right there. It was happening right there and they didn't recognize it because it happens so simple. Hello. How many know anytime God works, you better really stay simple. Look simple because he can hide himself like you wouldn't believe. They didn't recognize the awakening of the minds. So I read this and I brought this because I mean know that God has opened up a door for the bride to come out and to come into Christ. She's coming awake. They didn't recognize that the door has already been open. They know something's supposed to happen. But see, they're looking for it way off in the future to come when it's already happened right by you. Amen. Brother Brandon, just the other day, I was listening to him preach and he says, "I'm not looking for a great revival. I'm not looking for a revival." He says, "I'm looking for the coming of the Lord." That's what he was looking for. Amen. How many is the same? Sure. We're in a revival. We're in a constant revival. Don't ever let that revival die. We ought to be ready and looking for the coming of the Lord. Praise be to God. Hallelujah. Now notice brother Brandham also says remember God is an eagle. He called himself an eagle and he called Jacob an eagle and we are eaglets. He calls his prophets eagles and his angel came down to expose and to call out. Amen. Like my little message on the eagle sears her nest and so forth. Amen. The old eagle was looking for her lost egg. Ain't that right? But one day, Mother Eagle found him and she screamed, calling him out. Said, "Son, you're not one of them. Come out of her." Yes, ma'am. What can I do? Said, "Flop your wings and start. Just make the first jump." And he hit the post. Huh? Hit the p post. Didn't quite make it out. She said, "Son, you've got to come a little higher than that or I can't catch you." Amen. Get your feet off the ground. She's going to take him on a flight. and he found out that he could fly. She come to call him out. Revelations 18, if you want to go with me. Now, when brother Brandon preached this, why I'm against organized religion, he ties this scripture. I don't think I have it. I don't know that if he does here in this quote or not, but I want to show you something. Revelations is another door. Revelations 18. And I after these things, I saw another angel come down from heaven having great power and the earth was lightened with his glory. Now I believe that was brother Brandon and I'll show it to you in a minute. And he cried mightily with a strong voice saying, "Babylon is dead or is fallen. All this mass confusion is fallen." Now, how many knows probably God said that there was a time when God was stealing all those churches because they were in their ignorance. They were ignorant of it. God dealt with the Pentecostals, the Baptist, the Nazarene, holiness, and all of that. Isn't that right? Sure, brother Brandan would go to their meetings. Look at what God did. Miracle after miracle after miracle. They were still alive. But remember what he said, that stalk at the end, everything at the very end, the seed pulls away and the shuck dries up. It has to stay alive until that seed comes to maturity. Then it dies and dries off. Babylon is fallen is fallen and has become the habitation of devils. and the hold of every foul spirit and the cage of every unclean and hateful bird. He refers this group to Revelations 3. Amen. Where it says, "Ladyia age." Boy, if you don't believe like them, they'll hate you. Hello. Very hateful. All nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication. And the kings of the earth have committed fornications with her. And the merchants of the earth are w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w waxed rich through the abundance of her delicacies. And I heard another voice from heaven say, "Come out of her." Now, I was just reading that this morning and I really didn't get it until he explained it. He says, you know, there was a voice on earth that said, "Come out of her, right?" Amen. And then in verse four, he says, "Come out of her, my people, and be not partakers of her sins that you receive not of her plagues." Brother Bam says right here in this, just before he begins to explain about this cage is where he talk about the eagle, the mama calling him out. But this mother eagle, this mama, this mama Babylon, mother Babylon, how many know she was a mother of harlots and abominations of the earth? any church Methodist and everybody else that'll permit homosexuality. Brother Bram said for a preacher to not for a preacher to uh allow women to cut their hair and wear makeup, it's a disgrace. Hello. Just for a preacher to do that, let alone homosexuality and on so forth. That's right. Hello. Mother Babylon, it's a got got herself a bunch of chickens, slick chicks, so to speak, painted up, bobbed, tear, called themselves Christian, got a cage full of them. And you preacher to stand in the pulpit and let them women get by with that shame on you just to make your denominational more. God would require that of your hand. Come out of it. My sheep hear my voice. A cage of hateful, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God. You would rather be like that in the world than to be like Christ. Then he says, "A woman with a lot of makeup on it shows she's empty, false inside." Next verse. What did this angel say? Come out of her. Yes, sir. The angel came to the earth and he come to bring the light. He shine the light around the world. He was a mighty angel. He came to proclaim the message of come out of Babylon. Isn't that our message? Touch not her unclean things. Got a whole cage full of them. Again, he says she's the cage of every hateful bird. Yeah, she got a cage full of them. Now, the World Council of Churches, lodges, brother, you realize that there at the end, Brother Bam says they're not churches. There's only one church that those that are baptized in the spirit of the Almighty God. The rest of them are all lodges. Exactly right. Just come together to promote their idea. That's right. That's all it is. That's exactly right. We're not here to pro promote my idea or brother Brandham's idea. We have the idea that God brought through Brother Brandham. It's God's idea. It's his word that we follow. Amen. Praise the Lord. They're all coming together and become a cage. See? All right. Full of hateful birds. Listen. And when you join one of them, you've also denied the word of God. You don't want to do it that way. No place for it in the scripture. Now, notice, here's my quote in my statement that I made earlier to justify. Notice this is the angel of light. Remember the last angel. It's the angel in the church age to the Leodysans. Amen. It's a leadya messenger. That's it. Last one. Because the very chapter next time is she's found. Amen. She comes in Revelations 19, which is the coming bride. Amen. The last angel that came to bring light before the coming of the bride to go meet Christ. It was the Leadya church age. Then what was this Leodysia church age messenger? Calling them out of Babylon. church is caught in her cage in her dogma denying the word and accepting dogmas. Can you imagine all the world leaders that join up with the pope? Not just those leaders, but denominational leaders to a pope that would say that Jesus's natural life was a complete failure. The cross was a complete failure. Double doors would be swinging for me, wouldn't it you, Brother John? I'd be out of there. I wouldn't want to get struck by lightning or whatever he's going to be struck by. Amen. My listen what was now notice with her dogmas denying the word and accepting dogmas. This is the angel of light to the leodysia church that had rejected Christ and his word for dogma and put him outside. He stood at the door knocking trying to get in. The church age had rejected Christ. Christ is the word. Then he says in the next paragraph he says what is the fourth verse translation? What does it mean? God's voice is speaking to his predestinated people saying come out of her. just exactly what the voice was. He's got the people all out in there. Amen. How many knows? That's why we still reach out to them. Hey, we knock at denominations. Come on, repent. Repent. Be zealous. Repent. You're blind, miserable. In closing, I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to drop this like a hot potato here in a second. Let me finish this. Let me finish the quote. Listen, he got pill got people all out there, all out through Babylon. Come out of her that you are not partakers of her sins. Amen. Out of that dogma and creeds and so forth. And that you receive not of her plagues. How many believes that if you don't come out of her, you're going to be receiving the same plagues, all the sinners, homosexuals, and everybody else. Amen. God wants you to. He wants to save you from those plagues. The only way not to receive the plagues of Almighty God, that's why brother Bam says millions and billions will be disappointed. He said about the churches, he says the very God that you claim to serve is going to destroy you. He would never make that statement unless they had rejected and he knew they had rejected the very one they claimed to serve. Amen. How does that go, Donna? Faith is the key that opens the door. Faith is the key to the blessings of the Lord. Just in closing now, turning direction, how many knows that faith is a key? We are saved by grace through faith, not of yourself. And that not of yourself, it is a gift of God. Brother Sean, aren't you glad for the gift of God that he has opened your eyes? How many know Open the eyes of my heart, Lord? Folks, you can try to convince people, try to convince people and try to convince them. You could show them in black and white, but unless God opens people's eyes, they're not going to agree with you. They're not going to see it. All you can do is present it to them. Well, take it or leave it. I'm not going to sit here and argue with you, but you try. Isn't that right? So, if you're saved by grace through faith, because we know that you access this grace through faith. And if it is a gift of God, it is something that God has mercy on you. Blessed are your eyes for they see that we're in the eagle age to see all the blessings of God. Amen. to have faith for healing. Have faith for salvation. Have faith for whatever you have need of. How many believe that Jesus is the answer to any question, any problem? He is the He is the answer to fallen humanity. He's the answer and it just covers so much. He's the answer to everything. When he grants you the faith to believe his word, to believe this word right here. How many believes that the word is powerful? Amen. How many knows that John 3:16 is a pardon written to all of humanity? It's written to Cain. It's wr written to Judas Issachariat. It's written to the sons of the devil. It's written to everybody. Amen. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that if a certain group would believe on him, I would save him. No, he put whosoever. Praise the Lord. How many knows that's a powerful thing? I don't know about you, but I believed it, Brother Tommy. I believed it. You believed it. And when you believed it, you got the benefits of it. And it opened up the door to everything. Everything you'll ever have need of in this life or in the world to come is in you when he fills you with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Christ is the door to every blessing of God. It's a oh my. It's a door to the resurrection. It's a door to healing. It's a door to all of that. Amen. Maybe we'll cover some more Wednesday, but we're going to stop there. Is that okay? How many would say, "Lord Jesus, if there's any iniquity, Lord, take it from me. Lord, I do not want to be partakers of this world's sins." You're living in an age, folks. I'm here to tell you that if you don't conquer your carnal nature, if you don't get a new birth, you have the most evil things right at your fingertips. Hello. And it's going to take somebody that truly down in their heart loves God with all their heart, all their mind, all their soul, and all their strength to make it through this temp through this temptation. Remember the previous I always wondered kind of I've had my own ideas on going to share, but I'm here to tell you that the previous age, Amen. God says, "I will also keep you from the hour of temptation." How many knows this is the hour of temptation to go the easy route to be lukewarm. Hello. Temptation in every way, but God will keep you. You and I are living in the hour of temptation. Amen. And it'll take God to hold us. How many's glad for the Holy Spirit to hold you? God bless you. Musicians, if you'll come, Brother David. Sing a song or two. Dismiss. And then I want to say all like I said right after service. Amen. We want to have the meeting here because brother Brad has some the reason I'm doing it here and not down there in the fellowship Paul because he has some slides and things he wants to show you. Amen. So God richly bless you. Amen. Let's just have a word of prayer. Amen. Stand with me. Kind heavenly father as we come Lord at the close of the ministering of the word. Father I pray Lord Jesus as we have looked Lord Jesus of how the world has become completely corrupt. How that Satan sitting on his throne? How did he has according to the prophet of God come to the place that he always desired to be? Took him 6,000 years to get to where he wanted to be. Even as according to the scriptures, it took you took 6,000 years to make Eden the way that you wanted it. Took him 6,000 years and finally he's getting his Eden the way that he wants it. But in the midst of that Eid, in the midst of that darkness, Lord Jesus, you've got a bride. You've got somebody that you have called out. Called out of the chaos. Called out of the sin, Lord Jesus, to be your bride, spotless, virtuous, pure bride of Jesus Christ, Lord. Father, we raise our hands and say, God, take all evil from me. Everything that is of the world, Lord, take it from me, Lord. Lord Jesus, we open our hearts. We open the door of our hearts to you and say, Lord Jesus, search every area of our life. Fill us in every fiber with your being Lord Jesus this morning in Jesus name. Amen and amen. God bless you. Sing that little chorus. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy has followed me. So glad you found me and you set me [Music] free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. Can we sing it to him again this morning? So glad I'm yours, [Music] Lord. Glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy has followed me. So glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. And Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Jesus got into my heart. He got into my soul. Well, I used to be oh so sad. But now I'm just free and glad singing Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Once again this morning. Oh, I'm singing. Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Yes, Lord. Oh, Jesus got into my heart. He got into my soul. [Music] Well, I used to be so sad, but now I'm just free and glad. Jesus got a hold of my life. God bless you. As you're dismissed this morning, I'm singing, "Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go." Jesus got
