################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-02 - Pastor Thomas Byler • Wed. • 10/1/25 • Be It Unto Me - Thomas Byler - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-02
Title:   Pastor Thomas Byler • Wed. • 10/1/25 • Be It Unto Me
Speaker: Thomas Byler
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBb8CvWIWaY
========================================

[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] All I have needed, thy handath provided. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me. me. Oh, great is thy faithfulness, oh God, my father. There is no shadow of turning with thee. [Music] Thou changes not thy compassions. They fail not as thou hast been. Thou forever will be. Oh, great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies I see. All I have needed, thy hand has proided. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto. Let's sing the chorus one more time. Great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning. New mercies I see. I have needed. Thy hand hath proided. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me. Amen. Has he been faithful to you this evening, this week, and this month, and your whole life? Amen. Let's stand this evening. It's good to be here. And can we sing blessed assurance, Jesus is mine. Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine. Amen. Let's sing it to the Lord this evening. Oh, blessed asssurance. Jesus is mine. Oh, what a foraste [Music] of glory divine. The air of salvation, purchased of God, born of his spirit, washed in his blood. And this is my story. This is my song. I'm praising my savior all the day long. And this is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long and perfect submission, perfect delight. Visions of rapture now burst on my side. And angels descending bring from above the echoes of mercy and whispers of love. And this is my story. This is my song. I'm praising my savior all the day long. And this is my story. And this is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long and perfect submission. All is at rest. And I in my savior am happy and blessed. Oh, I'm watching and waiting and looking up above. [Music] We're filled with his goodness, lost in his love. I'll sing it out to him this evening. Oh, and this is my story. And this is my song. I'm praising my savior all the day long. And this is my story. This is my song. I'm praising my Savior [Music] all the day long. Amen. Let's sing. He has forgiven me this evening. Amen. Are you thankful you can confess that this evening? Amen. Wo. He has forgiven [Music] me. My sins have been washed from his memory. By the blood of the lamb of Calary. [Music] He has forgiven me. He has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lamb for me. Oh, he has. Let's just raise our hands and sing it to him one more time this evening. Oh, he has forgiven [Music] me and my sins have been washed from his meories by the blood of the lamb of Calary. Glory. He He has forgiven me. Amen. I give myself away. [Music] Amen. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am and here I stand, Lord. My life is in your hands. Lord, I'm longing to see your desires revealed in me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away, [Music] Lord. I give myself away so you can use me. Take my heart. Take my life as a living sacriice. My dreams and all my plans. Lord, I place them in your hands. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away, Lord. I give myself away so you can use me and take my heart and take my life as a living sacriice. All my dreams and all my plans, Lord, I place them in your hands. I give myself away. Is that your desire this evening? I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. Amen. Is that your desire this evening to be an empty vessel for him? Amen. Let's sing. Flow through me. Flow through me before we go to prayer this evening. flow through me. Oh, Holy Spirit flow through me. Oh, flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. And as I lift my hands to worship and to magnify thy name, flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. One more time. Lord won't you flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Whereas I lift my hands to worship and to magnify thy name. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Amen. You may be seated this evening. Brother Danny. Amen. Brother Michael John and brother Paul if you'd come this evening for offering. [Music] Man, we have no written requests this evening, but I know we're needy people and if you just want to continue to remember the saints at Cloverdale and still dealing with the loss of their pastor, brother Ed. So, just continue to remember them this this evening. Amen. Brother Michael John, would you take us before the throne this evening? and bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his whole bless his holy name. Has he done great things for you this evening? Oh yes, for he has done great things. Yes, he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Bless his holy name. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his whole bless his holy name. [Music] Oh yes, for he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Bless his holy name. Amen. And I pledge allegiance to the to the lamb. Oh, I have heard how Christians long ago were brought before a tyrant's throne. They were told that he would spare their life if they would renounce the name of Christ. But one by one they chose to die. The son of God they would not deny. Like a great angelic choir sings. I can almost hear their voicees ring. I pledge alence to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alence to the lamb. Now the years have come and the years have gone, but the cause of Jesus, it still goes on. Now our time has come to count the cost, to reject this world, to embrace the cross. So one by one let us live our lives for the one who died to give us life till that trumpet sounds on that final day. Let us proudly stand and boldly say, I pledge alence to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to wonder his command. I pledge alce to the lamb, to the lamb of God, who bore my pain, who took my place, who wore my shame. I will seek to honor his commands. I pledge alence to the lamb. [Applause] Amen. Let's stand this evening. Sing that again as brother Ber comes this evening deliver the word. Amen. Who came expecting this evening? Amen. Let's sing that as he comes. Oh, I pledge alceence to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to his command. I pledge alce to the lamb. Oh, I pledge alce to the lamb. All I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alle. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Good evening. &gt;&gt; Good to be in the house of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you all. Amen. Just glad everybody made it out. all those that did. Good to have brother Joshua and sister Leah back. Amen. Seems like a month that you were gone. Amen. So we sure missed them. Amen. But glad they had a good time. Amen. As brother Irvin and Sister Marta make it back yet. They're back at their good trip. So anyway, so praise the Lord. All right, let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, as we once again approach your throne of grace, Lord Jesus, desiring, Lord, that your Holy Spirit would just use us, Lord, to speak through us, Father, the words of life, that which you intend to speak this evening, Father. We just ask, God, that you'd have your way. You'd have the preeminence both in the speaker and in the ears of the hear. And may we go from here saying,"Lord, did not our hearts burn within burn within us as you spoke to us along the way. For we know that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. And you still do everything that you ever did." So we ask, God, that you'll look upon our hearts, meet the needs of the people you sow, and you know what we have need of. And we just yield ourselves to you, Lord. Uh give ourselves away so that you can use us, Lord, tonight, Father. And we just ask your blessing upon the reading of the word, the meditation of our heart now in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Amen. Want to cool with kind of a part two of our uh message Sunday. Just felt like it wasn't quite Amen. done with that. Amen. And so instead of taking y'all to 1:30, Amen. we'll just split it up. Is that okay? Amen. I had a dream. I think the first thing when I woke up this morning, Amen. I dreamt that it was a quarter after 9 tonight. Amen. Quarter after 9. And I was saying, I got to quit. I'm going to quit right here. So, I don't know if it means anything or not, but Amen. We don't We'll try not to hold you at the quarter after 9. Amen. But God is good, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Amen. How many is glad to be a Christian? &gt;&gt; Amen. How many enjoys the presence of the Holy Spirit in your heart? &gt;&gt; Amen. God is really good. Amen. No better thing in the world. We're so grateful for his goodness. Amen. For his mercy. Amen. Turn your Bibles if you will. Um this evening we'll go to Zechariah once again. Zechariah. We'll just start there. Amen. And see how far the Lord will take us. Amen. same scriptures as we read before on the first part, but then I want to read u uh Luke's uh version of it rather than Matthew's because Matthew's version had uh a little phrase in it. I believe it was uh you know when he came into town and upon that donkey and all and all Jerusalem and all the city was ma moved saying who is this? It was quite something because I was back in my office and uh I I wanted to just grab a stack of books like or whatever and and maybe uh take a few titles or maybe speak on a few of those titles or whatever. And one of the first books that I came to was message called who is this? Amen. And so brother Brandon preached a message off of that one little phrase on who is this? Amen. And so I was just looking through that. But anyway, uh we trust that we're on the right path. Holy Spirit saying what he once said. Amen. Uh because that's what we certainly desire is for the leadership of the Holy Spirit. If it wasn't for that, we would be groping in darkness. Zechariah 9 and verse 9. Rejoice greatly, oh daughter of Zion. Shout, O daughter of Jerusalem. Behold, the king cometh unto thee. He is just and having salvation, lowly and riding upon an ass, and upon the colt, the fo of an ass. Amen. Now, over in the Gospel, Amen. The book of Luke. Amen. We want to pick up the story once again of where they came and were casting their garments down. Amen. And so forth. And this in this case the Pharisees wanted to rebuke the disciples and wanted them to be quiet. Amen. Luke 19. Luke 19. And when he was come nigh, even now at the descent of the Mount of Olives, the whole multitude of the disciples began to rejoice and praise God with a loud voice for the mighty works that had been seen, saying, "Blessed be the king that cometh in the name of the Lord, peace in heaven, and glory in the highest." And some of the Pharisees from among the multitude said unto him, Master, rebuke thy disciples. And he answered and said unto them, I tell you that if these should hold their peace, the stones would immediately cry out. Amen. May God add his blessings to the reading of the word. You can be seated. Amen. My title tonight's going to be Be It Unto Me. And we'll get to that scripture perhaps in a minute, but I want to cover this first for a minute or two. Amen. And uh I want to show you with the help of the Lord that there's in this in this group especially, there's always three kinds of believers, but in this group, there was two kinds. Amen. those that understood what was going on and those who did not know what was going on. Isn't that right? Uh and so a group of Pharisees, the Pharisees of course they did not understand what was happening and they actually spoke the exact wrong thing. Is that right? They said the wrong thing. Amen. Because Jesus answered them and said, "If if they're quiet, the rocks will immediately cry out because the scripture must be fulfilled." &gt;&gt; Amen. It has to be fulfilled. Amen. I was thinking about today studying a little bit about the kind of power that the thought and the faith in the thought is of the scripture must be fulfilled. Many of you'll think about that all scripture must be fulfilled. &gt;&gt; All right, I'm going to detour here for just a minute. Amen. I'm going try to come back here because we realize that this year is a newspaper of tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Amen. If the newspaper told you if he was a sinner or and a gambling man and a newspaper and somehow you could travel into the future. Yeah. That's right. time travel. Going to do a little time traveling tonight. And you could go in the future and you could see which ball game, let's say, whether it's basketball or football, and you'd know who uh was going to win. It may be close, but you'd know who would win. And they allowed you to gamble however much money on that as you could. Ain't that right? You would try to you would put a billion dollars on it. Well, if you're a billionaire, you don't need to gamble. But anyway, you'd put a lot of money in it. You'd put all the money that you got and you'd bet all of it on it. Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; Cuz you know what's going to happen. &gt;&gt; Amen. So why in the world wouldn't we knowing what's going to happen bet our life? How many betting on I'm betting my life on it. &gt;&gt; That's right. I'm betting my life that this is true. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm putting it all on it. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many that way? That's what we're here for. I I'm putting it all on it. My whole life. Everything. I'm putting everything into it. Some people want to mock mock the message of the hour, the prophet of God. I'm not ashamed to say I believe a prophet of God. &gt;&gt; I'm not ashamed to mention brother Bram's name preaching. Not at all. &gt;&gt; Cuz if it was Paul, a prophet, you know, he come and he said, "If anybody come and preach anything other than what we've preached, let him if he's an angel from heaven, let him be a cursed." We would repeat, "Hey, Paul said, Paul said, and our prophet was vindicated." God come back and he proved him and he went back and he said what Paul said &gt;&gt; every aspect of it. &gt;&gt; Amen. And so we're not ashamed because we know it's the truth and because we know that God said be said behold I'll send you Elijah the prophet before the great and dreadful day of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Now back to my thought. Two kinds of people. Those who didn't realize what's going on in Matthew they said who is this they didn't even know who it was go back and listen to that message sometime brother brother Bam preaching every age it's been like that there's those that are part of the fulfillment of scripture brother Bam said that God has allotted a certain word for every age &gt;&gt; now let me tell you and show you because it is between life and death of whether or not you catch what God's doing. &gt;&gt; Amen. And he very much rebuked them. He says, "If you they hold their peace, the stones would immediately cry out." And when he was come near, he had beheld the city, and wept over it, saying, If thou hast known, even thou, at least in this thy day, the things which belong unto thy peace, but now are they hid from thy eyes. For the day shall come that thine enemy shall cast a trench about thee. And I I I I'm gonna I'm gonna presume that this is going to be where Titus in 70 AD besieged the city of Jerusalem. Isn't that right? Amen. Compass thee roundabout and keep thee on every side, and shall lay thee even with the ground, and thy children within thee. And they shall not leave in thee one stone upon another because thou kneest not the time of thy visitation. Amen. So that was the penalty. As you know when he besieged the city he blocked them, kept food from going in and out. They were eating the bark off of the trees. They were eating each other's children. Ain't that right? When he came and he wiped it out, killed every man, woman, and child, wiped it all out and laid it flat. Flattened it to the ground. He says, "Because you didn't know your day." How many knows that in our day, can you imagine the penalty for people missing it in this day? It wasn't three and a half years that God did the same miracles that he did when he walked on the shores of the Galilee, but 30, 40 years world over vindicated and proved it in such a way that there was no question about it. Amen. How many believes that God brought light to our generation? &gt;&gt; Amen. It was light in the evening time. Some people might not know what that's all about, but we do. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Okay. So, we think about that the penalty for not knowing it. So, I want to just say if you truly believe and know that God has called you and he's opened your eyes to what God is doing. Amen. not just opened your eyes to what God has done through the prophet, but is doing daily in your life, that you're a child of God, and that you're a part of those who recognize what God is doing. You ought to be a humble person. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's very humbling to think that God chose you. &gt;&gt; He opened your eyes. &gt;&gt; He give that desire in your heart. You're not one of those who are, "Oh, you're oh my." Can you imagine how horrible thing it is for people to say the words where you're just following a man or you're in some cult. You know where you put yourself? You put yourself on that other side who can't see the manifestation of God. You're seeing all those miracles that God did through that man. It's all to you just spit on it. That's right. To say, "Oh, you're just following a man or he's a false pro." Oh, boy. Hello. And those that walk away from the message and say, "He wasn't really a prophet." Don't think that you're going to walk away. Now, you're going to give account. It's just terrible. Hello. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. because they didn't recognize the manifestation of the word of God being fulfilled. And brother Bam said in every age, every age, the only real light that it was, it was never the next age, you know, you can't just look in the past light and go by the past light. &gt;&gt; Who can live by yesterday's Sunday that went, you know, no, you can't can't live by Luther's age. Amen. It was pretty strong when brother Brandham went detailing this and so forth. He even talked about not Paul. Not Paul. Yeah, that's right. All the way. God has another age here. We believe what he did. But guess what? This is a new age. And the only true light there is he said I believe is in the rising of the sun is is the manifested word for the hour is the only real light there is. Everything else is a history. yesterday's light. You got to live in today's light in the scripture that is being fulfilled today. &gt;&gt; Amen. I I'm afraid it just just comes to my mind. I ain't got it wrote down, but there's too many people living in brother Brandham's day. Oh, he's going to come back and he's going to do this and they're looking for something that's not not prophesied. That's not going to happen. Living in another age. Amen. instead of taking the message that he brought to us and becoming that message, becoming that word. Now, how many know the scripture has said that there's going to be a rapture? We which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them that are asleep. That's right. There's going to be a changing of our bodies. There's going to be people taken out of here. There's going to be people left. And you and I are here this Wednesday night to make preparations to be ready &gt;&gt; for when that happen. That is our goal to leave this world one of these days. And God is in the business of working on each and every one of us. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, it's going to take some shaking down. It's going to take God working on us because Amen. There's a lot of scriptures that has to be fulfilled. How many believe that? And that's what I want to go over with you with the help of the Lord tonight. Some of those scriptures that you and I are to fulfill. &gt;&gt; Is that all right? &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. So, we'll go to Oh, let me see. Luke 1, I guess. Luke 1. And I'm going to not read a lot of scriptures here because I really just want to come to this one point. one point on this and that is in verse 38. Well, let's go back to 37. For with God nothing shall be impossible. Talking to Mary and telling her she's going to have a child and you know the Holy Ghost is going to come upon thee, overshadow thee and so forth. And uh that which is born of thee shall be that holy child. Amen. And so forth called the son of God. And Mary said, "Behold the handmade of the Lord. Be it unto me according to thy word." And the angel departed from her. Amen. Praise the Lord. Church age book 171 says it this way. Let me see. Let me go down and skip over this. See, the word of promise came to the Virgin Mary. But that word of promise was he himself to be made manifest. God was made manifest. He himself acted at that time and fulfilled his own word of promise in the virgin. It was the an angel that had brought her the message. Amen. But the angel's message was the word of God. Amen. Isaiah 9:6, he fulfilled at that time all that was written of him because she accepted his word to her. Amen. If I was to ask somebody, well, how do you translate that? What does that mean for today? Okay, let's read it again. He fulfilled at that time all that was written of him because she accepted his word to her. And that's what you and I are to do. How many believes that we he is going to f fulfill all that he has said about his word through you and me because we accept his word. &gt;&gt; The only way he'll fulfill all of it is when you and I accept that word. &gt;&gt; What does that mean? Well, amen. in the statue of a perfect man, whatever it might be. All these different messages that he preached, how many believe we are to become it? They talk about the Welsh revival. Hey, where's the Welsh rev? Hey, right here's the Welsh revival. &gt;&gt; Well, what about the message of the hour? Where's the message of the hour? Well, there we got it back there in the library. That's all right. But guess what? It's got to be you. You are the message of the hour. If we don't look at these messages as it reflects out through us and we can see that identify ourselves in it, then we've missed the mark. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. So I want to with the help of the Lord look at some of those scriptures. Amen. Perhaps that we are to fulfill. Amen. I speak this I speak this in a spirit of humility to think that God would do it through you and through me. Just one more quick scripture. I think it was in 24th chapter of Luke, I think it was. Before we go on, I'm just going to take my time tonight. See the last chapter of St. Luke, he said unto them, "These are the words which I spoke unto you while I was yet with you, that all things must be fulfilled, which are written in the law of Moses and in the prophets and in the Psalms concerning me." Amen. So, how many know he had the scripture? Everything had to be fulfilled. &gt;&gt; Amen. When he was up there on the cross, we understand 72,000 angels were standing around with swords drawn just waiting for the word. Can you imagine if he'd have just spoken the word? But what kept him from speaking that word? He didn't didn't he didn't no he didn't I I'll say this. He didn't hesitate. No, he went and says, "No, my father's will. That's what I came to do." because that he loved you and me. How many believe it was love that kept him from destroying the world and saying, "Yeah, go ahead and get me off of here." He could have said, "Get me off of here anytime." But no, smile. Because he was thinking about you. &gt;&gt; He was thinking about me. I was on his mind when he was on the cross. You was on his mind. He's seen us way down here. When I think about the scripture, every scripture, brother John, when I think about every scripture will be fulfilled and I've got that kind of confidence in it and I know that I'm part of the scripture already that's been fulfilled. Amen. the fulfilling. I'm a part of the fulfilling of Acts 2:38, repenting of my sins, getting baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, buried with him by baptism, raised in newness of life, being led, filled by the Holy Ghost. Like Paul said in Romans there, if any man have not the spirit of God, he's none of his. But we're led by the spirit of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. There's a spirit on the inside of us that tells us that we are the sons of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. And then you look at everything that God has brought you through. You thought about every trial and everything that you perhaps wouldn't have never had the strength, but God took you through anyway. And if he has brought you so far, you ain't got to worry in the world. I I like not having to worry in the world. I like having a mind that has a peace of mind. &gt;&gt; I like to have joy unspeakable and full of glory. I like the peace that passes understanding down in my heart. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's why I don't mind saying that's why I'm happy because my sins are gone. &gt;&gt; They're underneath the blood. &gt;&gt; Amen. My my my praise the Lord. Amen. First one. First one and we've heard it before, but this time I get to say it. That all right. I always like to wait until the Lord inspires me to say something before I say it. Amen. Joe Robert, not Joe Roberts, bro. Joe Adams, I think he touched on this last time and I've heard other PE ministers touching on it. Amen. is Malachi 4 and five. Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. &gt;&gt; How many you use do we got? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. But hey, if you don't accept him, he wasn't sent to you. &gt;&gt; Only those who accept him. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. Grateful bread for the and he shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children. Think about it. Wasn't John the Baptist Elijah? Yeah. So, we got an Elijah doing two works. Oh my. You look at that. I wish I had my little pointer. I got to get my AAA batteries in my pointer. And he shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children. Period. 2,000 years go by in this verse. Is that right? and the heart of the children which is us. The fathers was the Israelites. They were the fathers supposed to come to the children. And now we're come to a place where Amen. the children's hearts have to be turned back to the fathers. Amen. They just say, "Well, God's done it. He did it." That's right. I'm a part of the fulfillment of this scripture. That's why he sent Elijah. That's why the prophet came to make you and to bring your heart, to bring your faith, to bring your life, to bring everything about you back the way they were back on the day of Pentecost, &gt;&gt; completely restored, back to the fullness of the word. How many It's a restoration message. If there's a prophecy that all that the cank and worm is eating, all the caterpillar and all the locust, but he said, "I will restore," says the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. The voice that you're hearing tonight, it is a part of the restored person back to the word. &gt;&gt; Come on, let me hear you. How many have we got restored tonight? Hallelujah. Amen. That's some day going by. What's going on? What's the matter with them people? I'll tell you what's the matter with me. I've been restored. &gt;&gt; That's why we believe in there's one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father who is above all and in you all and all through you all. &gt;&gt; Like Paul said, there by one spirit are we all baptized into one body. restored back to what the Paul said, the way that Paul taught it. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. I like that. Don't you? And the heart of the children back to the fathers, least I come and smite the earth with a curse. Boy, it looks like a curse out there to me. have gone completely stark raving mad. That's right. Y'all are insane out there. &gt;&gt; You have lost your mind. The whole world has become a mental institution &gt;&gt; because the prophet said the world would go completely insane. &gt;&gt; And they're there. Brother Sean, aren't you glad to have your right mind? &gt;&gt; Sister Patty, Brother Glenn, Sherry, Tommy, I like having my right mind. It feels good. You can have all the ethanol, whatever stuff that you want to eat. I eat my Amen. my crushed lily of the valley. The opium that comes from the lily of the valley. This is where I feel good. &gt;&gt; In the presence of the Lord, &gt;&gt; in his presence, knowing who I am. Knowing my gender. &gt;&gt; I don't just know my gender. I know my genetics. I know my daddy. I know his daddy, but I know where I come from. Great great great great granddaddy. I know where I come from. Amen. Annabelle, I shouldn't ask you maybe, but what is your genetics from? Huh? What? God, I'll answer it for you. God is our genetics. Our genetics come from God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you, Lord. A little hard question. It's all right. That's right. That's where our genes, Brother Abraham says, if you ever was a part of God, you was a gene with God before the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; No wonder we act like we do. We act like our heavenly father the way that he would act. Why are we not scared to preach against homosexuality and all the corruption that is in the world and Sodom and those that reject God and tell them where they're going? Hello. Why? Because we're not afraid. A eagle is not afraid. &gt;&gt; Amen. I was back there and I, you know, deacon, everybody told me, "Lock that door, brother Brad. I got to lock that door. We don't want nobody coming in back there." here while we're having service. Ain't that terrible? That's just terrible to think that you got to lock your doors cuz guess what happened the other weekend? Guy come into a church, shot him up, and burnt the place down. &gt;&gt; Amen. Yeah, Dad was somewhere off, but it's gotten That's the age we're living in, folks. That's why we need to have a guard back there. Somebody willing to take a bullet. Hello. Our deacons. Isn't that right? No, wait a minute. Here. The first line. We ought to give our deacons a hand. Say thank you. That's right. All right. Well, I got to come back where I was. Amen. So, think about that's one that's one scripture. We got a long way to go. It may be time's going slow. It's only 10 to late. I ain't got nothing to worry about. All right, here we go. Praise the Lord. But what did Eve have to do? Not not Eve, but Mary. But Abraham said there was three three E. Isn't that right? Three E. The first Eve went out and commit. Oh boy. Brother Brandon was hard on the God of this evil age. I think it's just that he called her that prostitute Eve all the time. That prostitute Eve. That harlot prostitute Eve had to go cheat on her husband. Isn't that right? That's right. Just really he was hard on her. He went out there and let Adam astray. Let him into death. Ain't that right? Unfaithful to her husband. And then he the second Eve come along. What did brother Bam say? The second Eve come along. Jesus Christ died on Calvary. Had him a bride. What did he say about her? That she did committed spiritual fornications on him. &gt;&gt; That's what she he said. She committed spiritual fornication. She'll take a man's word, man's greed above his. I truly believe that happened in the 50s60s right there when they rejected Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; They took man's ideas and they promoted the devil to where he wanted to be. They the devil got him over there. Amen. But how many believe there's the third one? This Eve is predestinated to be faithful to believe every word. She and him become one. She said the word and the bride, Amen, they're going to be the same thing. Amen. All right, Michael got a question for you. Front row, stay up on the front row. We won't be too hard on you. We like love you up here. In a wedding, what is it? They'll read everything on everything. What is the couple words that they've got to say? There you go. You nailed it. Give him a big old blue ribbon. That's right. In a wedding, the one thing they got to do is say, "I do." Do you promise the love to hold the cherish and sickness and health and rich poor until death does you part? Woo! Oh, it's harder to do than it is just to say I do too. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? But they got to say I do and then they become one. How many believe that's the way it is with you and I? We've got to say Lord be it unto me according to your word. I receive it. I do. I accept it. &gt;&gt; Amen. And then you become one with him. Amen. But you got to say, "I do." Amen. I didn't mark. So I got to go find it. Revelations 18 and 4 says after let me here I go just hustling hustling through it. Didn't brother Brandham say that the churches out there have become the cage of every hateful and unclean bird. &gt;&gt; Here's another scripture being fulfilled. After these things, I saw another angel come down from heaven having great power, and the earth was lightened with his glory. Brother Abraham talked about the angel, and look what it did. How many believes it lightened the earth? It was truly evening light coming back. Darkness scattering. It shall be light in the evening time. That's another scripture that you and I are a part of. How many believe that? How many glad to be a light? A part of the light. In the evening time it shall be light. There is another scripture though. Rise and shine. I think Isaiah maybe 65 63. Rise and shine for the light is come and so forth because there shall be darkness over the land and gross darkness upon the people. How many believe we're also living in the darkest hour ever? But we were living in the greatest light since the time that Jesus was here. It shall be light in the evening time. My how how even brother Brandham said it. He said, "Man, people have lived in superstition and and and fog and question and denominations and ideas and all this stuff." And when come brother Brandham comes along, he says all your man-made creeds and dogmas is of the devil. Ain't that right? If Jesus Christ, you know, and he preached the word of God back to Paul's way he said it and so forth, all of your uh joining the church and put your name on the book, it ain't scriptural. All these other things that was wrong and then the angel of the Lord could come down and vindicate what he said. Ain't that right? Scattered the darkness. Can you imagine when the a blind man eyes were opened after he challenged Buddha, Hindu, all of your religion, any of your prophets, if your God, if your God can come up here, a prophet can come up here in this blind hole to open his blind man's eyes, I will follow your religion. What a challenge. How many knows it's the exact same challenge that Elijah made on uh that that mount with with Jezebel and all the false prophets said, "Let your God come and let who's God is God answer by fire." Man, they danced and shouted and cut themselves and everything. And he made fun of him. Hey, maybe he's asleep. Maybe he's taking a vacation. You know, can you imagine brother Brandham being up there and he says he'd have never done it if he wouldn't have seen the vision. &gt;&gt; But he was like, "Well, well, anybody going to come?" &gt;&gt; But if my Lord, I love the way he put it. He never went like a lot of preachers would do. But if I can open his mind's eyes, you know, I'm the great man. No, he was humble. He says, "The Jesus Christ who I preach to you, that I say died and rose again 2,000 years ago and said, "The works that I do shall you do also. And if you'll open his eyes, how many will receive him?" And that man's eyes came open and there was a roar like you have never seen. You talk about darkness scattering, great light come down on the earth. Great light. Amen. I'm so glad to be part of that evening light. Even our have our church signs evening light tabernacle. That's right. That's what we are part of. And the earth was lightened with his glory. And he cried with a loud voice with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, has become the habitation of devils. And the hold of every foul spirit and the cage of every unclean and hateful bird. He talked about how they hate the truth. That right, my they hate truth. They're hateful. My for all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication. Kings have committed fornications with her. The earth merchants of the earth are waxed rich through the abundance of her delicacies. And I heard another voice from heaven's sake, "Come out." And remember when he said that, Bam screamed, "Come out of her, my people." How many glad to have been part of the come on out of there? I'm part of the coming out. I got out of there. You got out of there. Get out of there. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because it's the mark of the beast. &gt;&gt; That fornicating, she was the mother of harlots. Amen. And all of these become harlots and prostitutes. Amen. I might as well bring this in while I'm at it. But who are you? Who are you tonight? Are you part of that prostitute? Brother Abraham says, "Invisible union of the heavenly bridegroom, the earthly bride, the first husband that you married to the world, the anointed bridegroom, which for ordained you, he has washed you by the washing of the water by the church." No, he says that don't sound right. You might find that in the almanac, but not in God's Bible. But by the washing of the water, by the word. How many knows the word is so important? &gt;&gt; Every thought you let go through your mind is important. &gt;&gt; The things that preachers come up here and preach is important. &gt;&gt; It takes us a certain direction. It's sets your mind a certain way. &gt;&gt; So important that us preachers preach under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit and say what God once said. &gt;&gt; Amen. All right. washing of the water by the word. You are standing completely justified as though you never did it at the beginning. This is my message to the church. Now, how many know as he was talking to the bride? Amen. As you go off the air, just a minute. You're standing. If you're standing on God's word and with God's word, every amen, every jot, every kettle. Woo! How many is with me? Where are you standing? I'm trying to tell you, pull away from them shucks and got to get out here where the he wheat is, where you can write before the sun. How many believe that's what we're doing tonight? Amen. Let the son of God, let the word of God shine over us and ripen you. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'll give you a little bit of ripening sun in a minute. Amen. See if we're ripe or not. see if we're ready or not. Heard a noise, another voice from heaven saying, "Come out of her, my people, that you be not partakers of her sins, that you received not of her plagues." All right, back to the pull away. He says, "As though you never did in the first place." You talk about a thanksgiving. I feel real good. Amen. I'm not the only one that gets to feeling good up here. Amen. I'm more thankful for that than anything I know of. You are the pure, virtuous, sinless bride of the son of the living God. Every man and every woman that's born of the spirit, washed in the blood of Jesus Christ, and believes every word of God stands as though you never sin in the first place. You're perfect. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh my. How many's glad of that? &gt;&gt; Oh, the devil will try to say, "But you're not perfect." But just shut up, devil. He said I was perfect because I'm believing every word. &gt;&gt; Doesn't mean you don't make a mistake and this, that, and the other. But if you're believing the word, you're standing perfect. That's why he never did it in the first place. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, how many believes that's what we got to be? We got to be that way when he comes. Amen. Amen. All right. Come out of. But you know, we can't just come out of. We got to go into also, don't we? Yeah. We got to go into What do we go into? Amen. This pulp is not big enough, brother Tommy. Yes, it is. I love it. Thank you again. So, next one. Let's just look at another one. Lord, let it be. Amen. If you don't feel that way, how many would say, "Let it be according to your word." Lord, that's let that be me. Let me be that virtuous, sinless, spotless bride of Jesus Christ standing as we don't never did it in the first place. Brother Bon makes a statement, don't he? He said, "I'm glad that a man can live so God, so close to God that the devil doesn't know what to do with him." Amen. Do we need to think on that a little brother Glenn? &gt;&gt; You all right? Everybody all right. Oh boy. Right. Like, well, I don't know if I'm quite there yet, but I'm trying. Right. That's right. Because sometimes he kind of trips us up a little bit, you know. We got a little of oursel left. &gt;&gt; Amen. Got a little of ourselves sometime. Amen. What about a completely surrendered person to Christ? He makes a statement as you I did a couple weeks ago. Amen. Is omnipotent, all powerful, one that's completely surrendered. Amen. Another place brother Brandham said with true revelation. Let me go back a little bit. A very familiar quote. Now I'm just bringing up some familiar quotes. Is that all right? &gt;&gt; We want to see whether we really believe this and would truly say in our heart, Lord, let it be unto me according to your word. See, the devil knows that if the people get a true revelation of the true church, what she is, what she stands for, and that she can do the greater works, she will be an invincible army. &gt;&gt; Amen. He says, "If they get a true revelation of the two spirits within the framework of the Christian church and by God's spirit discern and withstand the Antichrist spirit, Satan will be powerless before her." I like that phrase that the devil will be powerless before you. I thought of that when I wrote this down. And I said, "Lord, let that be. Lord, let it be." To me that the devil would be powerless in your life. &gt;&gt; That means jealousy, uh, &gt;&gt; lust, sin, uh, temptation, uh, hatred, malice, all those things, you're above it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because those are all things of the devil. bitterness, hatred, all of that. That's all of the devil to be have the t power the devil to be powerless. Because he's got to have somebody to work through. Amen. Now, we're going into some of the quotes. Is that okay? A few quotes tonight yet of let it be unto me according to his word. Satan will be powerless before her. He will be as definitely thwarted today as when Christ withtood his every effort to gain power over him in the desert. See, Satan hates revelation. We love it with true revelation in our lives. The gates of hell will not prevail against us, but we will prevail over them. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many's glad to prevail over the devil? &gt;&gt; Be an overcomer. &gt;&gt; Oh, there's a big difference between an overcomer and somebody just says he's an overcomer. &gt;&gt; No, &gt;&gt; that's true. &gt;&gt; Because if you're not really a overcomer, you still feel the agony of defeat in your heart. You still don't have that freedom. You ain't got that liberty. You don't have that joy. Hello. Amen. All right, I'm going to jump. We're going to do some jumping here because it comes to my mind. I might as well go after it. I believe we're part of this. I believe that we're part of Revelations 19. And I heard another voice, as it were the voice of a great multitude, the voice of many waters, and as the voice of mighty thundering, saying, "Hallelujah, for the Lord our God omnipotent reignth. Let us be glad &gt;&gt; and rejoice, &gt;&gt; rejoice, rejoice." And again I say, rejoice. Rejoice in the Lord always. And again I say rejoice. How many believe it's time to rejoice? &gt;&gt; I want you to understand we ought to be glad. We ought to be the happiest people. Let's be glad. &gt;&gt; It's time to be glad. &gt;&gt; Why? For the marriage of the lamb is come and his wife has made herself ready. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How many believes that we The Bible said that as many as he predestinated, as many as he forneew, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son. Amen. So, we're conforming into the image of his son. How many believes that's what we come to church for? Be it unto me, Lord. You're conforming and training me &gt;&gt; to be like God, to be like Christ. &gt;&gt; I That goes for every man, woman, and child. The thing that God is interested in is forming his character in you so that you can fulfill this scripture of being ready. Because what is it that we take with us? Our character. &gt;&gt; What is more precious than gold that perishes? The trial of your faith. The things that come your way that you don't like. Amen. So, praise God. We got to fulfill everything. You say, "Well, and I don't know if I've even got it here." I don't think I do, but I think I've preached it enough of times you'll know what I'm talking about. Brother Brandham towards the end of the church age. He says that God desired a families of his own. Isn't that right? God desired a family of his own. And because he did, he takes and he sometimes break this these he's the he's the he's the potter. We're the clay. And sometimes he completely breaks us down in order to mold his character in you and I. &gt;&gt; So God is in the business of getting us and molding us into his image. Lord, be it unto me. &gt;&gt; Amen. I was thinking as I was studying this and I wrote it up here. I said, "Thank God for his rebuke." Not so long ago, the Lord rebuked me on something. He rebuked me on something. Oh, it's not always. No, the rebuke isn't always pleasant. But when you look back and realize that, hey, it's because he what? What does it mean if he be if he rebukes you? &gt;&gt; He loves you. &gt;&gt; Why? Because the others, they just go right on. Doesn't bother them a bit. There's nothing in here for God to get a hold of. &gt;&gt; But you're one of his child and and you got the Holy Spirit. And when he rebukes you and it hurts, say, "Thank you, Jesus. I like that rebuke. I needed that rebuke. I needed that correction." Don't get mad at your child when they correct you, parents, when you're doing something you ought to do. Say, "Well, thank you. That's right. You're right." Huh? Don't slap him across the face. That's not Christlike. say you're right. Is that okay? All right, we got a few minutes left. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many believes that brother Brandon when he preached tonight the inner veil, we don't have it here, but he talked about the three courts. Is that right? Talked about the three courts. Luther, Wesley, Pentecost, and then going into the Holies of Holies, going all the way to a consecrated life with God. Amen. now because I truly believe that and if we're not if we as Evening Light Tabernacle if we're not getting closer and closer and closer to God then we're going the wrong way. &gt;&gt; We're not doing much good if we ain't getting closer to God. If we're not gaining ground. That's why we need every family, every husband, every wife. We need strong families. &gt;&gt; That's what makes a strong church. &gt;&gt; This church is only as strong as our relationships, our marital relationships. &gt;&gt; Amen. And I just I just I'm going to say it, Brother Brian. I thank God that we're not like we used to be. &gt;&gt; Amen. We don't have the immaturity that we do that we used to have. Now we all are at different levels. Hello. But still I thank God for the work he's done in my life. &gt;&gt; Amen. Where he's brought me from and where I am. Amen. Okay. Let me just read you. See if this is a test. I told you a while ago. We're going to see just where we're at. inside this place where they took this old rod and laid it there in the presence of God. God living in the glory over the cherubims. The rod had all happened. It all happened at once. And brother and sister to a life that's consecrated and lays before God. He says it'll change them as certain as I'm standing at this platform. How many believe that when you stay in the presence of God, it changes you? Amen. &gt;&gt; That's why prayer, that's why uh time with God is so important. I had kind of gotten away from in the morning. So, you know, we me and my wife will have our coffee on the kitchen. I mean, in the we'll have our coffee out on the porch sitting there together and eating and drinking our coffee and we'll reach over to each other each other's hand and we'll we'll have a prayer and commit the day to the Lord. you know, I kind of miss my own time of getting on the couch or going down there and just get on my knees and pray, you know, and of course uh you know, I' I've seen on YouTube and they've got this uh you may have too, but they're advertising that old men over 40, I guess, they shouldn't go to the gym and work out. He says, "But if you'll do this uh Taikey kind of, you know, whatever, you know, stuff." He said, "You know, will it really make a difference?" And he says, "I'll tell you what. In three days, you'll feel the difference. In a in a week, you'll really feel the difference. And in a month, I'm telling you, your your your whoever your son or your wife, they'll see a major difference." And I thought, "Boy, yeah, that's about right. If we would get down on our knees the way that we ought to and get that kind of exercise, those around us, you'd feel different. If you'd spend more time in prayer, &gt;&gt; if you spend more time with God, you'd be different. Give it three days. Get more dedication in a month. My goodness, don't tell him what you'd be like. &gt;&gt; You'd be spiritually buffed. &gt;&gt; You come to the church of God say, "Preach it, brother." Amen. Let's sing another one. Glory. &gt;&gt; That's what we really need. &gt;&gt; Amen. Get in the presence of God. We've been called the interval, the prophet of we going to walk with God like Enoch walked. Are you with me? How many believes that's not somebody else down the road? That's Daniel. That's Paul. That's Gideon. That's all of you. You walk with God, young person, like the three Hebrew children did. Amen. There's a fire out there &gt;&gt; and you're only safe in the presence of Almighty God. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many knows you get away from that presence and see how quickly your flesh becomes dominant? &gt;&gt; That's right. But stay tender before God and you'll keep your flesh in submission. Praise the Lord. All right. That's right. It'll change. you certain I'm standing on this platform. It'll take the fight out of you. It'll take the difference out of you. Get these isms away from you. It'll make you a real Christian if you'll get into his presence. Amen. Two more quotes. Some people eat just enough mana to make them good and hungry for some more. Before one revival to another one, you have to go out and get renewed again. Huh? Oh, brother, why don't you stop that nonsense and come into the Holies of Holies by the blood of Jesus Christ? Every bit of mana outside of here just lets you last till tomorrow, tonight or tomorrow. Hello. &gt;&gt; If it's just on your flesh, you might not make it out the doors or to the parking lot or home. But let me tell you, you need to go deeper than that. Hello. I mean, believes it. Next week, it won't work. It dries up overnight. But if you'll consecrate yourself to come into where the mana stays fresh day in and day out, year in and year out. Woo! Lord, be it. Somebody say it with me. Be it unto me. &gt;&gt; Be it unto me. Not for a 30 minutes, not for an hour. Not till tomorrow when something breaks down. No. Year in, year out. Amen. &gt;&gt; You can meet a man that's walked in there. I don't care if he hasn't had a revival for six months. He's just as sweet as he was the day he was in a revival. That's right. You can meet him on a shouty day, a cloudy day, or whatever you want to. He's just the same. Lord, be it unto me. Because he's living in the glory of God. He's living where the man is fresh all the time. Where it isn't a burden to get out and pray through today and pray through tomorrow. Brother stay with him all the time in the holies of holies. Can a person live that way? Absolutely. I wonder how many of us is there. I'm there. That's me. I don't care if it's cloudy. I don't. That's what we need. No matter what you experience. If it's heartaches, if it's troubles, it's upsets, if it's this, that, or the other, you're still walking in the light of God. My Lord, be it unto me according to your word. I'm not quite there yet. Some of y'all might say, "I ain't even close, brother." &gt;&gt; But how many wants to be there? Listen to this. You'll like this. This is my punchline tonight. This that or the other. You're still living in the light of God. Living in the chakina glory. Living there where Jesus is in his presence. That all things work together for the good that them that love God. And you love him. And you're walking in that mellow, sweet, soft, humble Christian life. Wouldn't you like to walk like that? There's not a person here but wants to live in there. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. Ain't a person here but wants to live in there. And friends, that's where you should live. Then brother Bannam goes to talking about himself. If you want to know the secret of life, if you want to know why the things and he and he and he stops. Amen. How many remembers it before when he was preaching on love? He says if you want to see the secret, he says of conquering bulls, the secret of conquering hornets, what was it? It was love. Right. He says, "But one day the grace of God, he took me in there." That's right. That's what he does. It's nothing in myself. You don't live for yourself no more. You live for others. Amen. I love this altar call. Brother Bam says, "Let us pray. Our heavenly father, as we see the day approaching, we see that life, the threads are brittle. We're walking on them. Many of us have done come up to the top of the hill to see the setting of the sun. Our eyebrows or our brow hose are frosting getting gray. Look over this audience tonight and see a many grayheaded carried brother and sister sitting here knowing it's just a few more days and we'll cross over. And there's young people sitting here. Amen. Lord, that we'll go before them. And then Lord, this little speck of life and this little speck of time will all be changed and it'll all be eternity then and we must stand in his presence to give an account of this life. Amen. &gt;&gt; He says, "You give us these bodies. You've consecrated them or we have to you. And we pray that you'll take every person in here into that veil tonight. cross over away from differences, church entities, denominations, inferior things. Amen. May they come into your glorious presence and live in that divine light. Then he says, "And I wonder with our heads bowed if somebody would write walk right up to this altar, stand there in this sawdust with me tonight while the organs playing and just to get uh just to get the meeting started, say, "Brother Bannon, with God's help tonight, I'm consecrating myself. I'm going to pray right now that God will give me that hidden life with him. So I'll quit noticing the things of the world, noticing other people, another little difference that comes up in the church and I want to come to him where I can really live for him. Would you come here and stand at the altar? He says, "God bless you." And so forth. He said, "My the whole congregation, half of them, he will consecrate. Pray that he'll consecrate my life tonight to take me into that inner veil right now. I'm coming to ask him." Amen. Friend, if he hears my prayer to open the eyes of the blind, make the lame to walk and the dumb to talk. Then he goes into a kind of a different thought, but he said, if you'll believe that God answers my prayers for those things and the people that had come up to reconsecrate themselves, he says, you can believe that God will hear my prayer when I pray for you. Amen. How many will stand with me tonight? Let's pray together and just kind of reconsecrate ourselves and say, "Lord, let your word, Amen, be formed in the manger of my heart. Let it be, Lord Jesus." Amen. Raise your hands and surrender and say, "God, I just want to reconsecrate myself to you, Lord. We have our hands raised, Lord Jesus. And we truly believe that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. We believe that you have been here inspiring me Lord to say what I said and Lord you've been with every heart every person in here father and you have Lord received somehow somehow they have taken this Lord and you see their hands now that is responding and say God that's where I want to live the scripture says that we can live there that's where we can live with the devil under our feet we don't have to be miserable we don't have to be under the devil can be powerless in front of us we has that he has no power over us and that's where we want to be Lord. be it unto us according to your word, Lord. And we reconsecrate ourselves, Lord, again tonight, Lord Jesus, asking God, that if anybody here, Lord, has committed sin or has gotten away from you or doesn't have the Holy Spirit, may they raise their hands in sincere consecration just now and say, "God, I want to reconsecrate myself to you, Lord. I want to serve you, Lord Jesus. And I want to walk every day with that sweet, humble, mellow spirit the prophet talked about, because that's your spirit. Not arrogant and proud and all these things, Lord, but humble because you've chosen us to mold us, to shape us into your image, Lord. And Father, we ask, God, if you send us trials, if you send us the things and hard things that come our way, Lord, it's to test us, Father. And even as a school, sometimes the kids might think, man, it's one test after another after another and after another. But oh boy, when that graduation day comes and we get their diploma and perhaps a superintendent comes out and says, "Here is your diploma. You have graduated. You have passed all the tests. You are ready for the world. You're ready to go." Amen. And and do what you're supposed to do. And Father, we're looking for that great day over there, Lord Jesus. Father, when the father that's tested us, tried us, God, Lord, and when we come to that gate, when we come to that door, Lord Jesus, may you say, Father, those words, well done, good and faithful servant. Enter thou into the joys of the Lord. Because when you was tested, when you was tried, you overcame, you was molded and you was shaped into my image. Father, I pray God that you'll bless every soul here tonight. Now, as we close, as we sing a few songs, go home, Lord Jesus. May we not go home and Father, forget what we've heard or to get out of your presence because of cares of life or trials or whatever it might be. May everybody in here, I pray, God, that you'll take each one of the sheep, God, that you've had me to oversee. That each one would have that walk with you. all of our young people, Lord Jesus, that they'll walk with you softly every day, and they'll know the peace of God that passes understanding that whether they're in school, wherever they are, whatever they're doing, each one of us, Lord Jesus, we can bask in that presence, it'll keep us calm. It'll keep us mellow. It'll keep us soft. It'll keep us gentle and meek, loving, and people will see the glow, the reflection of Christ out of our life. We thank you for tonight, God. Now in Jesus name and everybody said &gt;&gt; amen. God bless you. Does anybody have need of prayer? If you want to have me special prayer or something sisters I mean you just play something softly. Amen. And if anybody does want prayer I'll be glad to pray with you. If not amen we're always here for you if need us. Amen. God bless you. Are you having a blessed week? &gt;&gt; Is it going to be better tomorrow? &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. We love y'all. But Joshua, &gt;&gt; peace of God, cover me and cover me and cover me. Peace of God, cover me. through the storm and cover me. And only in you I am safe. And only in you I'm secure. Only in you I find peace. So cover me and cover me [Music] and cover me when I am hurting and cover me when I'm not strong and cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand. Cover me. Cover me. [Applause] And peace of God cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God, cover me through the storm. Cover me. For only in you I am safe. And only in you I'm secure. [Music] And only in you I find peace. So cover me and cover me and cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. And cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand. Cover me. Cover me. He didn't throw the clay away. Over [Music] and over he molds me and makes me into his image. He fashions the clay, a vessel of honor I am today. And it's all because Jesus didn't throw the clay away. And over and over he molds me and makes me into his inness. He fashions the clay, a vessel of honor I am today. And it's all because Jesus didn't throw the clay away. Amen. And did you enjoy the word this evening? Amen. Pray we take it to heart this evening. And let's just sing the first verse in the chorus of the manger of my heart before we go this evening. The manger of my heart. It was a tiny simple stable old beaten and warm a hardly a place for a king to be born. He didn't choose some place special to reveal his majesty. Though I know if I give him control, he'll be born in me. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. Live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. And let your word be poured in the manger of my heart. Let's sing the second verse also. Well, outwardly I'm nothing. Not much to behold. Unlikely the place for his word to unfold. But if I'll just yield this vessel and let him have his way from glory onto glory, he'll change me day by day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. Live inside this house of clay and mold me every day. And let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Oh, let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it star. Live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Amen. And God bless you as you go.
