################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2010-06-27 - 10-0627pm - God Has Provided Himself a Sacrifice - Jeremy Gunter - Jeremy Gunter.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2010-06-27
Title:    10-0627pm - God Has Provided Himself a Sacrifice - Jeremy Gunter
Speaker:  Jeremy Gunter
Church:   Spoken Word Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 9m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pg6hR4NaJE4
========================================

Description:
10-0627pm - God Has Provided Himself a Sacrifice - Jeremy Gunter
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
last week and they put it on the internet so they trying this. So here go. I am the God that heal me. I am the Lord your healer. I sent your word and heal my disease. I am the Lord, your healer for you right this time. I am the God that heal me, that health me. I am the Lord. I am the Lord your healer. I said my word and heal your decree. I am the Lord your healer. I am the God that he me. I am the Lord your healer. I said my word and heal your disease. I am the Lord your healer. You are the God that heal me. You are the Lord my healer. You sent your word and heal my You are the Lord my healer. You are the God. You are the God that heal me. You are the Lord my healer. You sent your word and heal my you are the Lord my healer. This is 593 in our book. Give thanks with the grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. He praise because he's here Jesus Christ with the great heart Jesus [Applause] is the weak say I am strong. Amen. Let the boys say I am all the wonder we say I am strong. And the more I am because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. [Music] Amen. Amen. Get this. Amen. Amen. Amen. Good to see you everybody in the house of the Lord this afternoon. Hallelujah. Glad to be back. We miss one visitor this morning. So we say to the sister, "Hey, you're welcomed cuz she didn't she said she's done been welcomed many times, but don't ask her name cuz I couldn't remember." But uh glad to have you with us. Good to see everybody with us. But I thought she was had been here before, but she hadn't. So we appreciate her coming. Amen. Enjoy the message this morning. Amen. Looking forward this afternoon to hearing the word of the Lord. We have some announcements to be made and all of them is related around the 4th of July weekend. Uh, brother Joseph Hamid is having a meeting on the July the 3rd at 5:00 p.m. at the Believer's Tabernacle. So, remember that. Brother Joe Adams will be preaching. Uh, brother um, Ron Spencer is having a meeting in Harrisburg uh, with brother Hillary Hildebrandt on July the 2nd, 3rd and 4th picnic on Sunday afternoon. And then the um, regular uh, camp meeting at brother um, at Rutherford, brother Tim Puit will be having the services and that will be on August the 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th. So remember these are up here if you need any uh announcements or any ways of getting there motel whatever they're up here on the top. Okay, remember now, the Lord willing, this coming Wednesday, Brother Picass will be here speaking for us on that service. And then remember this coming Saturday, 6:00, we'll be having Bible study. And then on Sunday will be July the 4th. We will be having an Independence Day services, just one service that day, and be having uh dinner together, but we will be taking communion uh between before we go downstairs. So remember that. All right. Remember, brother Danny will be operated on on the first day of July for his shoulder cup. And my wife will be operated on her knee on July the 8th. So, keep these in your your prayers. Okay. Sister Peggy says for us to remember, that was who we were announcing this morning. They called him Pee-Wee, but his name is Brother Mike Pierce. Uh said he'd been in the ICU unit for 3 days. So, remember that. And pray for Brother Dean. He's still not feeling well and his right hand is in a large bandage. It will be that for a week. So, just remember that. All right. Uh remember to pray for Sister Macy in your prayers. He's got bronchitis, sinus, ear infection, and pray the Lord would would touch. Uh brother Boyd. It says we're asked to add one to the prayer list that uh Russ Dixon family uh the mother of six kids wanting a divorce. So, remember that. That's a horrible thing. So just pray that you know they'd be on that was sister Mary Dy that got the bron Mary. Okay Mary the way they got it wrote out here look like Macy. Excuse me. Mary M A R Y. All right. Remember I'm not too good at this anyway. So you better print it out. But that's okay. We get the right one anyway. All right. Remember that and just pray that the Lord would be with Remember Ginger's baby Daniel that fell and hit his head. Right. Remember the little fell fell and hurt himself. All right. We just we're looking forward this afternoon to hearing brother Jeremy to speak unto us. And we're glad glad for all of the Alabama group to come with him and to back him up, you know, and backing up brother David this morning. And we really that's really wonderful to do that and help them, you know, because it makes them feel better. All right. But let's all pray together and just invite the Lord here among us. And remember the announcements now for the dinner on next Sunday. Um all on one side does one thing, all on the other side does another thing. You better know which side you're on for what you're bringing cuz Terrence can keep up with it. I get it all messed up. But just remember that. And we'll be having a good time in the Lord together which is one service next Sunday. We'll be having the communion and we'll be having the things and all because it's a it will be our beginning our 40th year. We started here July the 4th, 1971 and so we would be this will be beginning our 40th year that we've been here at the church. We appreciate the Lord. Amen. Any other announcements I can always miss? Remember the youth camp at brother Burley. Uh there's some things maybe that they're still needing uh for doing uh $300 more. Need $300 more dollars. Okay. So, anybody has any money you want to donate, uh, let Wayade and them know about it or, you know, for the youth camp there at Brother Birds. Okay. Anybody else? Okay. Father, we thank you. We love you. We just ask you to bless us with our presence cuz that's the main thing. We could all gather together and it'd be wonderful. we could sit down and talk about you. But for you to come among us in just one little minute, just a a time like the prophet said, Moses with the burning bush for 5 minutes got more than all he'd had all of the 40 years that his mother had tried to teach him about you. So we pray that you would just have your way with each one of us, especially brother Ted touch brother Jeremy this afternoon, Lord, being new and and starting out in the ministry and things. But we pray that you would just give him strength because you promised it and that's what we depend upon. So have your way now. Forgive our sins. Lead us. Bless all of these that are sick. The ones that are facing operations, the things we believe that you can take care of everything before they have to be operated on. So we're not looking forward to operation. We look to the author and finisher of our faith. We love you and we thank you, Father, and we commit it to you now in Jesus' name. Amen. You may be seated. Come in brother. Amen. Amen. Amen. And amen. Hallelujah. We're going to try number uh 246 in the spiral book with G. Amen. Amen. Amen. Have you a heart that's we standing alone again? Are you s from the burden you know my Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] I [Applause] do. Where is your heart? [Music] I got your [Music] life [Music] for the sorrow. You know [Applause] my bra you will Don't [Music] you understand your heart from your Heat. Heat. Oh [Music] my [Applause] go Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Amen. Brother Collie, would you come and lift the offering for us this afternoon? We'll worship him in tithes and offerings. Amen. Amen. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we are grateful and thankful to you for all the many blessings that you have given unto us. Father, we give back to you Lord with your given us and ti and opportunity. We ask you blessings Lord touch everyone's heart father they be be uplifted Lord about the words they know there's no other but you give some things we have need of Lord we pray our hospital just to help you make great that I may know [Music] Yeah. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Yeah. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Yeah. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Christ in me. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Aaron's going to come now and minister for us this afternoon. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just get Amen. Amen. We forgot to say anything, but uh we went to we went to lunch this afternoon. We met a lady and her like she said it was her nephew. He's 14 years old. He got bit by a copperhead this week and he's in Scottish Wright Hospital and y'all just remember him in prayer. Amen. meet all kind of people. Yeah. Levi Levi doesn't never met a stranger. We haven't figured out where that comes [Laughter] from. I've been accused of talking to a I could talk to a fence post for half an hour before I realize they don't talk back. I don't I don't know if I believe that or not, but we're going to do number 26 in the in the spiral book. Key [Music] G. On the top of Mount Zion, there's a city and the earth with glory defend. I shall look on its beauty in the morning when I reach that city on the hill. Oh my city. Oh my god through the [Music] [Music] ang for the word says whosoever will and I'll find their manual Waiting for the city on the city of I Never speak in that city. Never leave me like golden ch forever city. I'm not leaving this marage that city on the hill. So I'll say my savior calls me trying daily perform his will. They say unto me beyond where I reach the city of Messiah through the aes. is when I reach the city on the hill for the city of Zion. I'm not leaving through the ages [Applause] aesthet and and a little bit and and I couldn't figure out where that city of Zion was, you know, and I looked on the map and come find out it's and you know, I'm elementary. It's a it's a mountain in Jerusalem. You know, and there's a city on Mount Zion, you know. Could it be that one right there? Amen. Hallelujah. This is the end time. Hallelujah. Amen. We're going to change order of service. Brother Dave, come ahead. We'll change order service. Let's stand together. Just sing unto him and just think about him. I always forget to even change him. The eyes of my heart. I want to change it. The eyes of my heart. I want to see. Do you can only see through your word? That's right. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] I want to see what you are seeing. See my living shing. [Music] [Applause] Yeah. Shining in the light. Pour out your power as we sing. Holy, holy, holy. [Music] Holy, holy, holy. I want to see. Sing it again, please. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see. I want to see. Open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see to see you. Heat. Heat. [Music] Holy, holy, holy [Music] sh. Holy, holy, holy. Yes, Jesus. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see. Amen. Oh, I just love the Lord. It's such a pleasure to be here. I surely thank brother Sam for inviting me to come and brother Gavin for letting me tag along, you know. You know, actually when I come to the I was raised in church majority of my life, but when I said I got born again, the first actual message church I'd actually went to was brother Homer's. And brother Homer wasn't there. He was visiting preaching somewhere. And brother Gavin was actually the first person I ever heard preach a sermon in a message church. And I remember it was entitled, "To whom I believe, I report." Right. And that day it ministered to me a whole lot. And I remember standing there that day cuz you know I done life had done God done take me down a road to where I guess you could say I done had a Pentecostal experience in my life. God had used me in many ways. I was raised in a Pentecostal church. Pentecostal gifts, the gifts of the spirit was a normal thing. Right. You know, but actually receiving the word That's right. Without the Holy Ghost, you'll never receive the word. That's right. And I remember standing in that sermon that in that service that day and I thought, Lord, what is it that I'm to do now? Cuz there was something much in my heart and I knew, you know, I knew the Lord done give me the Holy Ghost a time when I was sitting at my house when the Lord actually gave me the ability to believe his word. Amen. And you know, I had not been water baptized correctly yet. You know, but you know, we know scripture that's still correct according to Cornelius's man. You know, as when they heard and they believed, they received that power from on high. And you know, I remember in that service, the Lord just laid on my heart, be water baptized. You know, cuz he g me that revelation, the very first revelation. And I just love Brother Gab a whole lot. Means a lot to me. Feel real tiny up here. I know I'm a big guy, but I feel real tiny. I sat in brother way Sunday school lesson, and to hear him teach, I thought I felt real small, you know. I mean, I really enjoyed it, you know. I definitely there's nothing I can tell you that you never heard before. I felt just like a little kid, but I love the Lord and he lives in my heart and I just want to share something we hope to lift you up. I'm going to read from Genesis 15 starting at chapter or chapter 15 verse 4. If I had a title, the brother asked me said you had a title. I said I did until you asked me. My mind get to blame. But if I had a title, it would be God has provided himself a sacrifice. Yes. And behold, the word of the Lord came on him, saying, This shall not be thine air, but he that shall come forth out of thine own boughs, shall be thine air. And he brought him forth and brought us and said, "Look now towards heaven, tell the stars, and sh thou shalt be able to number them." And he said unto them, "So shall thy seed be." And he believed in the Lord, and he counted unto him for righteousness. And he said unto him, I am the Lord that brought thee out of out of the Chaldes to give thee this land to inherit it. And he said, Lord God, whereby shall I know that I shall inherit it? He said unto him, "Take me an heer of three years old, and a she goat of three years old, and a ram of three years old, and a turtle dove, and a young pigeon." And he took unto him all these, and divide them in a mist, and laid each piece one against another, but the birds divided he not. Now, let's skip down here to the 17th. And it came to pass that when the sun went down, and it was dark, behold, a smoking furnace, and a burning lamp that passed between those pieces. In the same day, the Lord made a made a covenant with Abraham. You may be seated. Thank you, Lord. And I really love looking here at Abraham because Abraham reminds me a lot of myself. Abraham, he had never received the oracles of God. He was a club on his back, he come out of the southern part of of u of Babylon. He worshiped Ruth. They worshiped idols. He had no idea of one god. He was never taught that in his whole life. I was never taught to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. I was never taught the things that I've been taught when God brought this word to me. So when I look at Abraham and I know the word teaching me that Abraham is the father of my faith for that same covenant Abraham gave that God gave Abraham, God gave it to me also. It's an unconditional covenant. Not by what I knew, not by the intellects, not what my parents taught me, not by the church that ingrained their doctrines into me, but by the mighty hand of Hoba coming down and picking me up and saying, "I'm going to place my life inside of you. I'm going to put my mind inside of your soul. And from this day forth, you going to walk and possess the land that I have put before you." So therefore, I mean, I really when I look at Abraham, it makes me very excited. Amen. And I look here and it says, I'm going read some quotes here from all things. Brother Bram said, God's first decision was to pardon a man by the shed blood. That's right. And God cannot make the second decision against his first decision. If he did, then his first decision was wrong, and he couldn't be wrong and be God. That's right. Come on now. Come on down. He said, since that time, that's been God's only place of fellowship to meet with him. Before there, he met him in the Garden of Eden. No blood had to be necessary. But since that time, since the fall, his decision was to meet man back, redeemed by blood. It's been the only place that fellowship could be observed by God. It's the only place that God can meet a sinner. And we're all sinners by nature. It takes a blood sacrifice to bring us back into fellowship with Christ again. No other way. It is absolutely totally. That is the only way. And we know that looking back in the Garden of Eden, we know Genesis being the seed chapter. We see Cain and Well, we see Adam and Eve and when they fell, they were so embarrassed and they went and they hid themselves and they covered themselves with figal leaves and we know that that was nothing more than their own ideals, their own techniques to hide themselves from God. And then later on, here comes Cain and Abel. And when they come upon the earth, we know that brother Bren teaches us that they taught them their traditions and their doctrines. They taught Cain and Abel that hey, it was by the fruit that we failed. Of course, they wanted to cover up. Oh yeah. what they had done. Of course, it would be embarrassing. Here's Kane, an illegitimate child, basically. And Cain, you're really your daddy's really not Adam. It's is the beast. Of course, they wouldn't want to tell him that. And when I look back in my life growing up, I see things that was taught to me. I'd asked my parents at times, and God God knows my parents were some of the best people I think that ever walked the earth. They are not hypocrites. They live what they know, and they live it to the best of their ability. Sometimes they make me ashamed if you really want to know the truth, but they have not received truth. And there's things that was taught to me and I preachers and pastors, they sit there and they teach you say, "What about the Bible here?" When the Bible says this, well, it mean well, no, it don't really mean that. And the reason why most time is cuz they've already, if they're still walking alone, most time God's already presented them with truth. And at that time, they've already turned away from this truth, but yet they're still living a religious lifestyle. They're still receiving blessings. They're still getting healed. They're still financially blessed and they live a more victorious life than most of us do. And that's just the basic truth. Well, they still living in this religious facade, but yet they don't want to tell you the truth because if they do, then they're going to uncover their sin. Then they going to have to repent and they going to have to come and make things right and set a new example and actually stay before God. Well, here's Cain and Abel coming forth. And I and I can imagine, you know, when you see a child that has a defect or a child that has a problem, the parents kind of pamper that child. Even if the if the problem is not handicapping the child, they still kind of they pamper that child. They when they when they do things, they make excuses for why they do things. Well, a lot of parents do that regardless if the child's got problems or not. But anyhow, they sit there and they they pamper that child. Right. And I can see Cain out here cuz you know Cain did not have he did not have the same nature of his dead. He was a liar. He was a deceiver and he finally manifested himself as a murderer. We know that he did not have the characteristics of of Adam. So when he do things, I'm sure Abel and and everybody around would be like, you know, watch Kane and their mom and daddy because you know there's a secret there. Why does Cain act so much different than me? There's a secret there. They don't want that to be unleashed. They don't want him to know that. So throughout their whole life, they told him something totally different. And you know, here's Cain. He's a tiller of the ground. He produces the fruit. At this time, people did not eat animals. And here's Abel out there tending these stinking sheep for what purpose? I can't imagine, you know, here's Abel of of a kind nature. He has a nature of his daddy. Yeah. Right. He has a nature of God as much as he possibly can cuz he came from Adam. Here he is with his humble nature and he's out here and I can imagine what is he doing to provide for his family other than raising these sheep. Here's Kane out here with him being half beast. I'm sure he was probably bigger. He probably look more handsome. That's you know brother taught us that about the serpent. Well, here he is standing there. He produces all the food. I actually think him coming in one day and say, "Yeah, what what why' you donate to the family today? you know. Yeah. He said, "Well, I brought us all food today. I provide the whole family with food. My my two acres out here provided us with food. They provide us with live sufferings. What you provided us with?" You know, but see the thing is when I go back into the Bible and I look, you know, Proverbs tell us that the goats were for milk and for meat, but the sheep were for clothing. So, here's Abel tending these sheep for one reason. One reason only, to provide clothing. Right. Right. M God's only provided way of a sacrifice was through this blood to be the spill blood of that that that innocent lamb laying there. Yeah, I can imagine if anybody I know brother D. I know a lot of people in here I'm sure you hunt and you fish people farm. One of the scariest most horrible heart feeling things man. We went to brother homers to get a goat and I cleaned a lot of animals you know but when we took this goat his nanny and his sibl was there when we took it out of the pin they all just started crying. Yeah. And started pitching a fit because they knew something was wrong. They knew this goat was some going somewhere to the slaughter and they just cry and they'd cry. And I can just imagine Abel sitting out there in the field tending these sheep. The brother been harassing him all this time doing all these great works, providing for them. And he's standing there in the field crying, "Lord, why is it that I'm out here tending these sheep? Why is it that I got to take this rock and break their neck and cut them off and listen to them bleed and cry, get blood all over my hands? I have to rip their hide off and and disavow their entrance. My brother, he don't do nothing but go here and tear the ground and get all the glory. And all I do whenever we need new clothing, I'm over here and I got to do all this. You know, it breaks his heart to hear that lamb cry. You know, it did. He had the nature of God. Hey, I love to hunt, but I only kill so I can hunt. I don't hunt to kill. I hate to watch any animal die. But I can imagine Abel sitting there killing that lamb and he's screaming and crying and the blood coming at him, crying and waiting out to God and all of a sudden one day God just shows a flash in his mind and he sees God sitting on Calvary. He sees Jesus Christ sitting there and all a sudden a revelation breaks forth and he sees I remember my mom and daddy had a lamb. I remember they had clothes on them when they come out. They tell me about that. Where did he get that from? Who who crucified Ethan first? He stealed that first lamb. It was Jehovah. God provided his own sacrifice. He g his own clothing. And I can see everybody sitting there saying how God has provided a lamb for me. And even though he sit there and he was ridiculed by his intelligent brother. Oh yeah. His smarter brother. The one that made more money. The one that had a more luxurious car. Come on now. The one that took vacation three or four times a year. Oh Lord have mercy. He sit there and be persecuted by his more self-righteous brother. We know brother told us. He said Cain was a far better man than Abel. Esau was a far better man than Isaac or Jacob. And but where is the desire? Where's the nature of God? Where is the supernatural manifesting out into the natural? Anytime the supernatural manifests itself into the natural, that seed germ of God expressing himself in these five senses is always going to be ridiculed. It's going to be persecuted. It's going to be condemned. It's going to have to go through the hall of Christ before God can never put it to a place where it can be used. And I can see here, we know it's because the bloodshed that God accepted Abel's sacrifice. That's right. We know that. But the Bible says in Hebrews, it was by faith. Faith, we know, is a revelation. It's an understanding. It's not an intellectual indoctrination. It's not a memorization of of quotes. It's not a memorization of the Bible. It's not nothing of penance. It's not nothing that you can do. It's just something that most of the time when we out here living our daily life, scrubbing, trying to make ends meet in living for God, trying our best to walk one step in front of the other, trying to follow that life. God just flashes something in front of your eyes. No, it's not nothing that you can do. It's not nothing that you can do except for except yield to it and love him for it. Praise him for it. Oh, just worship him and just thank God that you're alive. Thank God that you can actually demonstrate God's nature to mankind. Amen. Amen. Amen. I can see Kane, you know, when he come up and offer the sacrifice to God. Yeah. And here's Abel. Man, you know, you know, Abel was not a hotty man. He was a humble man. He was a meek man. He was a lowly man. He had to be because that's the nature of God. That's the nature of his daddy. Here's Kane. Sure. He walks up there with this big pile of fruit. This the estate of his family. My parents told me that this was the most important thing. I've got their doctrines down to a pat. Yeah. I got their doctrines down to such a pat that when I go to church, they love me. They think I'm right with God. Oh yeah. They think I'm worshiping God. All my friends thinking I'm just fitting right in and they think I'm going to the ranch. I really don't know if I'm if I really got God in my life or not. But everybody else is happy. Everybody else believes I'm right on target. And not only that, if it wasn't for me, the church wouldn't be half of what it is. They wouldn't be able to have the facilities they got. They wouldn't have the nice equipment that they got. They wouldn't have none of that stuff if it wasn't for me. Yeah. So when he comes and he lays that before God, God said, "Uh, Amen. I don't know. I I really don't like that too much. That didn't come from me. Yeah. But when animal comes, he offers up the fatted lambs. That's all he had to offer. I'm sure he could have went to Cain and said, "Cane, can I have some of that fruit?" Yeah. You know, since that is the the substance of our lives, since that is what makes our lives go, since that is our daily food, can I have some of that? I believe that would be a better sacrifice to God. All my sacrifice is is is a spiritual revelation. Yeah. But no, it didn't work that way. Cuz see, God showed him something beyond the veil of time. God showed him his mind. He showed him his plan. The great God of this universe. He showed him himself to Abel. So when Abel walked up, he presented that God said, "I like that. I love that. That came from me. That didn't come from you. It didn't come from your mama. It didn't come from your daddy. It didn't come from your thinking. It didn't come from your ideas or your traditions. that came straight from me and I accept it. I love it. And I'm sure when Abel was out there in the field, I don't have anything to back this up. This is just me, but I'm sure when Cain and Abel was out there in the field, I just blessing. God has always had a path of redemption. God has always wanted to bring men into his bosom. I can see Abel out there with the nature of his daddy saying, "Ke, this is why I offered up a lamb. God showed me one day when I was out there crying." Y having a skinless lamb. God show me this. This is why. Well, God didn't show me nothing. That ain't what a mama and daddy teaches. That ain't what pastor so and so teach us. That ain't what mama says, daddy says, deacon says. That ain't where'd you get that from? But God told me. I don't believe in it. Oh yeah. Well, he did. And after a while, he had to believe it because God honored it. And then God honored me and God vindicated it. That's when he slew, right? I believe with my whole heart that Abel was out there trying to convert his brother because that's the nature of his daddy. Always has been to bring me into his bosom. I believe he'll stand there saying, "Cane, please, if you just do this, God will accept you. Listen to me." He couldn't do it. Pride. Pride will kill a man every single time. Not only will it kill him, it'll cause him to kill his brother. Every single time. Pride and envy. So, I truly believe that's exactly what happened to Abra. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Amen. And I'm going come on down here. Looking at Abraham says here, first faith cometh by hearing, hearing the word of God. Then the believer hears it recognizes and acts upon it. The carnal man will hear it. That's right. Cain heard it. Right. God gave him a witness. God told him, "If you'll do as your brother do, you'll be fine." He gave him a witness. He always gives a man a way out. The carnal man will hear it. The sound of it, but never hears means to understand. Oh, come on now. Preach. Look at it. It's looking at something, but to see it is to understand it. Right? Except a man be born again, he cannot see or understand the kingdom of God. Right now, I'm fixing to say something. I want you to hear me out before you have any thoughts come through your mind. I hear, you know, I've only been born again, I say, for about eight years. I've been around God's re revealed word from that years. I come from the outside in. I come in brand new. Like I said, I'm like a little kid, right? But when I come in, you know, I hear people say often times, "Well, Brother Bam said it. I believe it. I said it. I just believe it. Brother B says, so I believe it." And hey, the saddest thing about this people like that about their pastor. Now, I believe God sent ordained ministers, pastor, to see you through. I thank God for the one I got. I love Brother Homer to death. God could have placed me with no other pastor. Come on. Except for Brother Homer. That's just the way I feel about him because that's where God put me. Amen. I mean, I I may not be there my whole life. That's right. But for the time God has me there, there ain't no other pastor. You say, "Well, maybe not for me." Well, I ain't talking about you. I'm talking about for me, cuz we're all different. I believe in a pastor. I believe in deacons, evangelists, teachers, apostles, prophets. I believe in that 100%. But people, they get, "Well, mama said this or daddy said this, and I believe it. Brother Brown said this, I believe it, and as long as I believe it, I'm going to heaven." That is the fattest lie of the devil I ever heard in my entire life. And the thing is to even say the correct terminology, I believe it, but yet you don't understand it, you don't believe it. That's right. Cuz to believe it, you got to understand it. You may agree with it, right? But agreeing with it don't do nothing but get you into a place of responsibility to agree with it. The devil agrees with it. Everybody that's ever heard it that has any kind of common sense. The majority of it, they agree with it. But agreeing with it won't do nothing but get you a fast ticket to hell and they should get born again. So when people say, "Well, I believe it. I don't understand it, but I believe it. As long as I believe it, I'm all right." That is a lie. That is a lie. We must press. Brother Graham says it right here. It's to understand it. He said a drunk will believe it on the street. He asked him, "You believe Jesus Christ son?" Oh, I believe. Intellectually, he agrees. But brother Brandham says that grace through intellectual knowledge. You first get intellectual knowledge. That's the first step. You got to become a recognization of the truth. But when that intellectual knowledge hits, brother Ram said, grace, grace drops in when the Holy Ghost and turns that intellectual knowledge into faith. So inside that soul where you once had doubt, it's now been turned into the faith of God. It's God's faith that makes you born again. And once you get born again, then brother said that seed it starts to grow and it drives out all the other seeds. It drives out every other seed. And to see how important that is. Oh, how important it is the only source of life. It is only source of life. Brother Graham taught us, you know, in the Old Testament, the high priest could only marry a virgin. That's the only thing he could marry. The only thing brother comes along marries divorce. He said that is a typhen of Christ and his bride. Now we know the regular priest they can marry a virgin or they can marry a widow of a priest. Blessing. This is the thing spiritually that's a spiritual type of Jesus Christ and the bride. Spiritually every one of us had a husband. I don't care if you're a male or female. And in a invisible union of Jesus Christ brother teaches us that we was all married to Satan. The Bible teaches that man has to die. He said you can't divorce that man. You can't put him up on the side. He has to die. But once you died, you ain't a virgin. Come on. You had a husband and that husband was not a priest. He was not a priesthood of a priesthood. It was not not at all. But that's why you got to be born again. And once you get born again, then it's just as if you never done it in the first place. People say, "Well, what is justification? You ain't never done it in the first place. I know brother Brandham said a woman leaves her leaves her virtue that she can't be justified in this lifetime. In this lifetime. Exactly. Amen. I I had a very rough I got a very rough past in a lot of ways that I'm very much ashamed of. But I also it's a testimony to God. That's right. Uh, if you ever see me weep and cry, I'm sure it's like to most of you. It's just cuz how much I love God and how much he's done for me. Amen. I got arrested when I was a young. I was probably I was 19 when I got arrested for possession of drugs. I pleaded youthful offender. And what that meant is that it's actually I don't ever have to put it on the resume. Come on. Nobody ever has to know that I was ever prosecuted or convicted of that. misdemeanor, right? But the judge, if I ever go back to court, the judge sees that record. Yeah. On my personal record, when they pull it up, they see playful offender, misdemeanor, class, you know, B felony, drug charge or misdemeanor. But see, I to that judge, I can't tell him I never did do that. I can tell my employee that. Now, in this lifestyle, if a woman was to lose her virtue, she can't tell her husband, "Well, I'm a virgin." You can't tell him that. If if if I get convicted of stealing something, you come up and said, "Jimmy, have you ever stole anything?" Well, yeah, I have. If I ask you if you're ever lied, yeah, I lied. But ask God that question. If you are dead in Christ and been born again, God says, "What are you talking about?" I don't know what you talking about. Unless you do it again, you never done it in the first place. God ain't like that judge that can see my misdemeanor because of a youthful offender plea. He can't see it. It is God justification. I I see people that I just wish Yeah. I can make them see justification because if God is saying can never come and bind you by your past, your whole victory is sacked. Anything that you think you can do in a supernatural walk, he takes it away from you. He strips it from you. He strips your faith. He strips your happiness. He strips your joy. He strips your healing. Everything your prayer life. It don't matter what it is. If he abides you by your past, I don't care how bad your past was. I don't care. I guarantee you a lot of too much worse than mine. I guarantee you. But see, the blood, the bleach blood of Jesus Christ, it does away with everyone. Don't you realize that's the only fellowship you'll ever have with God? and never get to the point that you never done in the first place. If you can't get to that point, you have no fellowship with God. He cannot fellowship with somebody that doubts and don't believe. You got to have faith to fellowship with God. And if you don't believe justifications, you ain't even to the first step yet. You ain't even there yet. Amen. So to believe and to understand is the same thing. And when you believe and understand, it creates an action. Amen. You do something. You don't sit there and say, "Well, let me turn to this page and let's record it. Flip over here. Yeah, that compares." Yeah, that Yeah. Yeah. Now, that's good. Yeah, I like that. And do all this right here. And uh that's wonderful. I got this figured out. Yeah. I And it don't change your life. You don't understand nothing. You may can teach it. You may can explain it, but you don't believe it. Cuz if you believe that, whatever you looking at, your life will line up to it. Now, there's things that we agree with. Now, you may want to say, "Well, we believe unto." That's all right. I understand. I understand what people say. I understand when people say, "Well, I believe it any." I understand what they mean, right? But the thing is, the devil is so slight. Brother Brandham, in a in a deep call to the deep, he said there, he says, he's talking about people that have visions. He's talking about seers has visions. He said their subconscious, their conscious mind are just like this right here. He said they're not really ever asleep. They're not ever really awake. He said their their subconscious and consciousness is mixed. He said the subconscious is down here. He said that's actually the steam room in the locomotive. That's what actually drives you. He said the man up here. He said the conscious don't really drive you. He said it's the subconscious. He said it's the subconscious that I'm trying to contact. That's what I'm trying to get to. Cuz if you get to the subconscious, it will override the conscious. It'll make you the devil is so sly when you start saying words like that. If you ain't careful, he hits that subconscious. When you do, he done conceived you of a lie and that that that lie is done come in and it's conceived. It's going to give birth. And when it does, it's doubt. And when you don't believe the word just because of one slide of a man, I I've met people Well, I believe it. And it's like they just floating on a cloud, right? Yeah. Like nothing else in the world matters. And that uh that's it. That's all they got to do. Man, don't you realize that Christianity is not a bad ease? God said before he had to go preach marriage and divorce. He said if he said man run from presence of God. He said if you're floating down the stream I like to go kaying a whole lot. Love go fishing down a creek. So I can relate to this. When you going down a stream, he said and you just stop and you're sitting there and you're watching the birds and you're watching the butterflies. He said you ain't doing the will of God. He said it's when you roaming upstream. He said it's when you fight. He said when you just sitting there watching everything go by. You're sherking your responsibilities. It's when we fight and we press. It's not when we eat cookies. It ain't when we go to a PD. It ain't when we hear flowery things that make us feel good. It's when we press and we fight for an eagle to have to climb a hair. Then look, brother talking about Ishmael. He said Ishma was nothing more than a carnal believer. Right? We know here after Abraham after God come and showed him that pillar of fire right after that the next chapter Sarah brings Hagar to him right the very next chapter right I mean after this come has been made the supernatural he sees here comes Hagar and I'm sure Hagar we know she was already sterile excuse me or Baron but Abraham I feel like she may have thought he was running out of put it that way because it was 10 years finally 10 years Abraham he probably thought the same through and said I guess I will I take Hagar and it created Ishmael we know Ishmael was a seed of doubt and that seed of doubt took place now Abraham loved Ishmael he loved him he was his only son for I think I kind of calculated what 16 18 years something like that or that was when he was expelled I know his 13 years when he was circumcised but he had it for a long time the only son he had is blood. He didn't want him to go nowhere. And then when God when Sarah got mad at him the second time and to see how much God's hand was on Ishmael's life, it it confounds me because God saved God. Brother Ram said it was the same rot that came to Hagar was the same rock that gave the children of Israel water. The same rock, the same God that dropped down and heard the cries of Ishmael. So God because he said because that Ishmael is your seed I'll watch over him. He actually made in a way made a covenant with Ishmael as well. He did with Hagar said I'll multiply make him increasing just not a regular multitude but an increasing body. He's going to make him a powerful people 12 princes. But you know he says there it amazed me cuz you know brother Brandham points out shows how when it went when he when Abraham went to take Isaac he said me and the lad will return. Then he knew that was a type that even though God told him he was going to kill him, God knew that since he got him from a supernatural birth that he could raise him from the dead just the same. But when I look at Ishmael, Abraham had the same kind of faith. Cuz Abraham yearned in his heart, he actually come to God said, "God, you know, basically just to dramatize this guy Sarah's going to kick him out again. He been persecuting. He been persecuting Isaac and she's mad and wants him out of here. I don't want Ishmael to go. That's my oldest son." God said, "That's all right. I'm going to take care of him cuz he's thy seed. He said because he's thy seed, I'm going to take care of him. He said, "But it will not be out of that lineage." He said, "But it'll be through Isaac that your seed shall be caught." There's a big difference there, and we all know that. But here's that seed of Ishmael. He sends him out to the desert. Gives him one bottle of water. One bottle of water. One. You tell me for one minute. Abraham year painful. so painful that God actually comes down and talks to him directly to ease his pain, to tell him he's going to take care of him and actually give Ishmael a type of a covenant. Abraham knew that God was going to take care of him. Yeah. Just like he knew he was going to take care of Isaac. If not, he' gave him a whole camel full of water. He gave him one bottle of water and then God he sustained him. He had faith in God. He knew he was going to take care of him cuz God told him he would. Well, here's Ishmael out there. The Bible puts it in such a way when the angel comes to Hagar a second time, he says, you know, he'll make him a mighty nation. He said, but his hand will be against every man. Now, he laid it out in that platform in that scenario. He didn't say every man's hand will be against him and his against every. He said his hand will be against every man. And I'll tell you something, we got a whole lot of ismos running around. Hey, cuz see brother, the Bible says that he will dwell with his brethren. Who is his brethren? Isaac. That's who his brother was. They had the same day. He will dwell with his brethren and become a mighty nation. We got a bunch of Ishmails running around shooting bows and archers at one another. Hey, you see it all time. You let somebody watch something on the internet. I don't agree with that. 7. Yeah. Hey, you done shot a boat. You preach a sermon, you walk outside, brother, that ain't right. The reason I ain't right cuz brother B say they shot another air. Hey, you say was there something? Look, I know brother Bham said. He said if you hear me say something wrong, you're obligated to come and tell me. But see, there's a difference between you telling them and God telling. If you come, it depends on what your ambition, what's your motives, your objectives. Now, it's published up. The Bible says a sudden to show thyself approved unto God, not unto man. I don't care how much you know. I'm just going to let you know. I want to see how much you can live. That's what I want to see. I don't care how much you know. I see tell you all kinds of opinions. I tell you all kinds of traditions, doctrines. I tell you my ideas about all kinds of stuff. But that don't matter. I want to see how you live. Cuz if no proof, they'll prove who you are, you got nothing. Cuz truth is absolute. So when you come up, when God creates an atmosphere, correction can abide in love. When God creates the atmosphere, when man creates the atmosphere, it's just strife, it's murder. And if you ain't careful and both of you got the wrong spirit, you going get in a fight. That's right. You don't get in an argument. You don't get in a debate. But the thing is, one of you may actually have the Holy Ghost. Uh-oh. Actually, one of you may have the Holy Ghost. So, a bad atmosphere gets actually quenched by the Holy Ghost. That brother can take him. Well, brother, that's all right. Just pray for me. I love you. I I need all the help I can get. You know, that's right. But when you see brothers attacking one another over doctrine, blessing, you don't never see nobody fuss over, brother so and so got healed. Well, I don't like that. I don't like that at all. I wish I'd been over there and he so and so got saved, got filled with the Holy Ghost. Well, I just don't agree with that. I don't agree with that at all. Which I know, brother Brown said, it's only the word that brings separation. It's the word that always brings separation, but it's not Christ don't separate himself from others. It's disbelief that separates himself from Christ. It's darkness that flees from light. So if you walk around running about everybody off from you because what's coming out of your mouth, I don't care if it's 100% true. Guess what? That ain't God. That ain't the Holy Ghost. Now if your life, what you walking and what you living and your love and everything and that's running people off, we can't help it. That's being persecuted for the word's sake. God said, you know, the blessings you'll receive off of it. You know, he said, you know, if they do me that way, how are they going to do you, the master of the house? That's right. So, we got a lot of isshails running around. The thing is, and brother home preaches at home a lot of times. I've heard him before mention it. You know, brother Brandham, and I know brother heard, you know, said there's, it's always stuck out to me when I first heard it, but there's three types of believers in all services. Oh my. You know, brother Brandon, brother home, bring it on down. He said there's actually three types of believer in you cuz you are the church. Right? So, I'm going to kind of go off of that for a minute because it's so true. This flesh man is an unbeliever. This spiritual man, it's a make believer. It wants to believe, but the inside man is either a believer or an unbeliever. So, you got all which if you're a child of God, you got a believer, an unbeliever, and a make believe all in the same body right here. But see, the thing is, I better watch it cuz if I'm being motivated or influenced by the wrong spirit, I may just be playing the part of an Ishmael. I be a born again child of God. But when this carnal man, if I don't yield, if I've had a bad day, or if I ain't been in the presence of God, or if I've been just slack and I get influenced, if I ain't careful, I shoot a bow. And then when I do, but see, the difference is when a seed of God shoots a bow. Oh my. Oh, that's right. Oh, God. Right. And he's going to he ain't going to be able to hardly do nothing until he talks to that brother. He's going to have to tell that brother, I shouldn't have said that. You know, he's going to break it down and he's going to apologize and he's going to make things right. But if we ain't careful, I play the part of an issue. I've been guilty of it. Hey, this all relates to me just as much as it does to anybody. I'm preaching to myself because I want to walk in the way that God He wants me to walk. I see some faults in me that God allows me to see and I want them to be corrected. So, you know, just because we do play the part of Ishmael, sometimes, you know, we going to leave this brochure, this past house, you know, it ain't never going to be redeemed. Uh, it's just this man on the inside. So, we got on this thing until we get out of here. But the great thing is of his redemption power. It's the blood that God gives us that we can actually meet up under, right? And that's the only place. It is the only place. It is the absolute. Brother said that the blood is an absolute. and take this definition here. This actually brother Brown now I was hearing a man speak or talking not long ago he used the word absolute and I thought that's a very fine word to hear somebody use absolute comes down he said and it's an ultimate wester is perfect in itself unlimited in its power primarily an ultimate an ultimate is the amen the blood itself is an amen now we know that the word is the bleeding is the bleeding word of God now it's not that this Bible is bleeding. This Bible is just sitting here just fine. It's not that the letter if it was the letter or the tradition or it's the dogmas or whatever we can actually learn absorb into our brain. If that was a place that God gave us fellowship, then we would all have fellowship. Come on. There would not be three types of believers period. I mean true actually three types of believers. We would all be under a robe of fellowship. We'd be all up under that blood bumper. But the thing is it's right back to what Cain and Abel. It's right back to when when the log gods came and he came to Abraham and it made this covenant. The bleeding word is an actual sp true true uh happen to where the person a lot of times it you know sometime I told this guy at work I wish I could just take off my my brain or my heart and set it right here and let you just jack into it and just get cuz I can't give it the way I want to give it you know but you sit here and this word comes along and when it does it's not just a word it's not understanding. It's the actual logos. It's actually God himself coming to you and opening up himself. He's showing you who he is. And I don't mean blessing. What do we expect out of God? Do we expect God's blood sacrifice to be a doctrine? Do we expect it to be a lifestyle? Do we expect it something just to just walk us through until we get out of here and die? Or do we actually expect God's blood, believe sacrifice to be a personal relationship with an actual being? I ain't talking about some spoopy some kind of clown. I'm talking about a being walking, talking with you, coming to your house and talking to you. A lot of times, you know, I feel like we need to quit reading sometimes so much. I I ain't got no problem with study. I I I love to read about God, but sometimes we need to get away and go sit on the field somewhere. Go sit down by a creek bank. Go get somewhere and just sit there and let God come and talk to you. I ain't talking about some blind spirit. I'm talking about the person Jesus Christ coming and talking to you. That is the only light. That is the only light that will flash and bring that seed to life. That seed may be there, but if it don't flash, come on. Right? It ain't going to grow. Come on, brother. And only life is the actual person of Jesus Christ. It's the love God. God is so big, brother said. He's so great, he made himself small enough that we can see. He can hide himself in a little ball of light and come to talk to you. Do you believe God can come and talk to you in a pillar of fire? I want to ask you that question. Do you believe he can actually come in your living room and drop down a pillar of fire? If you believe it and look for it, it'll happen. If you don't believe it, it won't happen. and how close of a walk with God you want. Amen. God, brother said when I come to God, it was like I went to an arcade. He said, "I've seen all the promises." He said, "And I wanted every one of them." Brother, sister, that's mine and yours, how close a relationship you want with God, however close you want it to be, that's how close God will give it. Cuz if it's the right motive and if it's the right objective and if you're sitting there and you see something and it's pulling on you and it's pulling on you and it's not out of pride, it ain't out of well I want to do this and I want to do this, I want to do that, I want to be. No, if it's God, if it's the right attitude, the right motive and it's pulling on you and it's in the word, it's yours. There's somebody there pulling on you. His name is Jesus Christ. He's putting on you trying to say this is yours. Won't you take it and live it? Walk in it. How close do you want to live to me? Do you want to live like Daniel? Do you want to live like Joseph? That's right. How close relationship do you want with God? It's here for you. People say, "Well, I can't do the things brother Brown did." Maybe not everything, but some of the things, yes, you can. God may not. No, he ain't going to come work through you as a seven church a message. That's already come and gone. But everything else, Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, day, and forever. It's the same spiritual gift. It's the same fruit of the spirit. And if God don't do the same with you, he ain't going to do. He's a liar. He is a liar. But the motive and objectives have to be right. If your motive in objectives are wrong, brother Brandon said the right motive objectives and right attitude, any promise of God bring it to pass. Come on. Right? If your acting is bad, if your motives are wrong, really you're carnal believer unless God does something to you and makes you right. But if you're a true believer, you know, brother Brand said, "I'd rather have a man right in his heart and wrong his doctrine." That's right. He said, "Cuz I can do something with that man." Right. But if if if God ain't in your heart, he can't do nothing with you. And your attitude and your objections are always going to be bad. I was telling brother Gam on the way up here, you know, which I ain't, you know, I I've not been preaching long at all. And last time I went and preached, it's actually been about 6 months since I have preached. And then last time I preached before then, I had to go preach at a youth camp. And I was so scared. I was so nervous because you know whenever I sit down and I think of what I told I told the G I said right before then brother Josh Bennett comes over and he preaches at our church and I think Lord have mercy I said I can't do that you know there ain't no way you know I I can't do that you know really that's right and I was so scared and I was walking down the street on my lunch break and I was I said God I can't do this I can't do it but you know and God pushes on you to do something. You know, when God lays something on your heart to do something, he wants you to go do it. But then again, are you going to step out in faith and do it? I'm sitting here walking down the road and I'm literally a basket case and the Lord lays on my heart to listen to and I couldn't remember even what it was at that time. I never could even remember what was on the sermon, but perfect strength through perfect weakness. And when I listen to that, brother Brandham, he says, you know, the problem with a lot of you preachers, he says, you know, you think you can preach. He says, "When you get to a place where you think you can do something," he said, "God drops you right there." He said, "God can't use you." He said, "You take a man that wants to preach and wants to get up there and do this and that for God, God can't use the man." Because when he does, he going to put it on his own doctrines. He going to put his own ideas. He going to do it for money. He's going to do it for popularity. And I'll tell you something, anybody, anybody that preaches unadulterated word of God, you can ask Brother Sam, "Yo, mister, it ain't fun. It's going to be a life of trouble, pain, sorrow, agony, grief. Why? Because you're going to be hated. Come on. There's going to be a certain amount is going to love you. And that's going to make it all worth the while other than the fact that you love God so much that you rather sacrifice your life's ambitions to do what he tells you to do. But other than that, it ain't going to get you no money. And if it does, if God does bless you with some money, everybody going to talk about you. So many of you do actually preach the unadulterated word of God. And I'm more concerned. I'm more con convinced that people don't no more want this message preached most time than anything. They don't want to hear it. They want a religion. They want a lifestyle. And as long as you don't touch their lifestyle, they happy. They happy. Talking about subconsciousness. You know, when you actually look at a TV, when you look at a TV, it throws your mind to a beta wave. And it goes from an alpha wave to a beta wave. And depending on how much you look at a TV, it actually trans the transition is faster. If you look at one of my bam, beta wave. A beta wave is close thing to a dream state with you being with your eyes open. So you're sitting there whileever you're watching, you're digesting into your subconscious mind. Do you realize how slick brother says then Satan done fooled you? He said you done quit going to the movie theater. to slip it into your house. Now you got people with DVD players that's got PR guardian on it just cuz it don't cuss. It's okay. I can't hear the cuss words. Well, let me tell you something. Is there a bohaired woman in in that movie? Yeah. Is there women? Is there a Jezebel painted up woman in that movie? I want to know because if it is, you said, "Well, it don't bother me." Cuz see that spirit's in your house. Once you turn it on, there's spirits in your house. Brother Brandon said he liked to go to church and preach because when he went to the big uh gymnasiums, he said there are spirits hanging around. They they stay in there from after the boxing matches and stuff. So when you sit there and your wife said, you know, release that spirit in your house, say, "Well, I'm 60 years old. It don't really bother me none. You know, I'm not ever going to cut my hair." How about your granddaughter? When your granddaughter comes to visit, she sits in that room. For some no reason, when she's 8 years old, she starts thinking about want to cut her hair. You know why? Cuz that spirit sitting in that room, she starts thinking about, "Huh, I want to wear some lipstick." It might have been because the movie you watched there a week ago and you never had some Jezebel walking around that TV screen that's released right there in your living room and she's going to sit there and fight a battle. And I can't imagine how hard of a battle that would be for a little girl growing up and not even the people to sit there and let them watch it. Woman running around. Well, there ain't no bed scenes and they ain't hardly no cussing in here and they don't kiss really but one time. Are the people kissing married? Are they married? If not, now you got a spirit of fornication and adultery sitting in your living room. Say, I don't believe that, brother J. Well, well, like I said, it's the truth. He know you, brother Brandon, he taught the very same thing. It's the truth. It's there. has spirits there and your little girl, your little granddaughter, whoever comes over, they may not can handle that demon like you can. He may can watch you not bother you at all. But then it's a battle for them. It's like I say, you know, most time the devil, he is so sly, it's just like the play on words. If he can get to your subconscious mind, he knows, brother even pointed out. He knows how powerful the subconscious mind is. And if Satan can get that subconscious mind, he's got you in a place. He's got you in a place where he can manipulate you. He got you in a place where he can put things in your mind that really at the time when it's going on, you can't fight it. You have no defense against it. You You can't sit there and try to whack it away because you can't see it coming. Right? Let's look back here. Come back here to Abraham. Brother Brown says here he says, "Now notice what he did. Oh, it's marvelous. He kept the birds off until the sun went down." Right? Now, that's relating back to Genesis. All you know, anybody don't understand. Going back to Genesis, he actually made a covenant after he actually tore apart the animals like God told him to. He came apart. He separated them. He pulled them out and he laid them on the rock. He sat there and he fought them. He kept the birds off of them so they won't go they wouldn't actually go and mess up the animals there to sacrifice. He said, "Oh, it's tomorrow." He kept the birds off until the sun went down. Notice then a deep sleep fell on Abraham. First thing, Abraham, I'm just going to shut you off. I love this. First thing, Abraham, I'm just going to shut you off to show you there's not one thing you can do about it. Amen. He just laid him down to sleep. Brother said he done that as a sign to show there ain't nothing you can do. There ain't nothing you can do to get this. There ain't nothing you can do to keep from getting it. I'm going to shut you down and you going to watch this take place. He said after and it was done. This is my covenant. And it wasn't one thing, brother, that you could do about it. It isn't one thing, sister, that you've done about it. It's what God did for you in Christ. Not because you was good. Not because a mother was good, but what Christ was good. That's right. and what Christ did by calling you. That is the actual blood sacrifice again. It's the logos coming and it's actually saying, "Hey, Jeremy, come on." It starts pulling on me. It starts showing me light to walk into. I've been doing some I did some research on the Muslims and I was very, very astounded by what I found. You got different, you know, Muslims, the Muslims now, you know, brother B actually makes comments. He said, "Now everything in it perfect setting." He said, "You know, you got Isaac descend. You got Ismail send. You got the Jews sitting there in a promised land fighting one another's neck." He said, "It's continued over." It's the same thing going on, right? Well, you look, if that's the case, which we know the Bible's true, we know Brother was showing was true. We know that's the seed chapter. Well, now we got Muslims. That is the mighty nation of Ishmael. That is the mighty nation that God promised. He cut that nation alive. Right. Sure. Abraham had enough faith that he gave her one bottle of water that God was going to keep that nation alive. Now Islams or the Muslims are just like Christians in one sense that they got different denominations. Now Muhammad taught against denominations just like the Bible does. Right? He taught that it was of Satan, but those you got to shoot the Shiites and the Sunnis and all and there's actually tons of denominations. But then there's a group that's actually it reminds me of us because they're walking down the middle. They actually take the Quran at face value and they rest upon things that Muslim that that Muhammad teaches in the Quran and they actually walk down this road. And when they do, the only Muslims have to believe in Abraham. They have to believe in Noah. They have to believe in Moses and they have to believe that Mary was the virgin mother of God of Jesus Christ or not God of Jesus Christ. Right? They don't believe he was actually God reincarnated. They believe he was a prophet, but that was of a virgin birth. Oh yeah. They don't believe he was crucified. But they actually believe that Jesus Christ is the Messiah that's going to come back in the end time. But the difference is they don't believe in the sh and the shed blood. They don't believe in the cross. But the sc one of the scariest things about it to me the actual one some of them believe that Muhammad's coming back to fight a battle to present Jesus Christ to the world and others believe that it's actually going to be the 12th descendant of Muhammad that's going to come back and wage this war. And I heard brother Mick comment one time that just slap me in the face of sobriety. He said, "For 2,000 years, people have looking for the return of Jesus Christ." He said, "Now, people are looking for the return of William Brown to show you how close the spiritual touch the flesh carnal believer, they believe almost the exact same thing. The only thing that they take out is the shed blood of Jesus Christ. It's not when the Muslims come and they took over Jerusalem. After Jerusalem fell, they built the the the mosque there. They went throughout all the world collecting books, collecting books of medical, architectural, science. They went collected all these books and brought back and made a library that was actually doing cataract surgeries and all kinds of stuff way back then. I just remind it reminds me of that old Hulk that jumped around that corner believer. He didn't figure out none of that on his own. He let somebody else kiss. He let somebody else learn all about that knowledge and he just went and gathered it up and ate all of it. He made a name for himself, made a nomination, made a place where he could stand and sit there and preach and gain prestige and take money into himself. He made himself a powerful empire of what somebody else killed, of what somebody else doing instead of flying down and letting God show him. Abraham after God made that covenant with him, Sarah them, they got tired of waiting. So many times there's things that I don't understand. I don't understand about the Bible. They don't understand, brother. Say it. I got to wait. If I don't wait, I'll make up my own idea. I'll make up my own opinion and my own tradition. And when I do, I create doubt. And that tradition burst in Ishmamail. And if I ain't careful, if my heart ain't right, God won't come kill that thing. You got to kill it. Cuz once you go around shooting everybody with it, you got to go make it right. And if you ain't careful when you waiting on a revelation from God, just wait. He will come and show it to you. It may be five years, right? But don't talk about it. Why talk about something you don't know? Don't be like that Hulk flying around cuz if God don't show it to you then it's something that you killed. That eagle represents the Holy Ghost. It don't represent you. It represents the Holy Ghost in you. It ain't a holy prophet. It's a holy God in a prophet. And if you got the Holy Ghost, it's the same spirit that was in the prophets. It represents the Holy Ghost coming and laying down that fresh food for you. Right. I'll prepare a meal for you in the face of your enemies. We fight every single day just to believe. We fight just to walk what God has showed us. We fight every single day. But God said if you'll wait upon the Lord, he will come and he'll bring that great eagle will come later right there. But where's the fighting? Is surrendering and is holding on. blood said that that Israel made their mistake when they spurned grace for law. He said Israel always wanted to do something. They always wanted to get their hands in it. They wanted a king. They wanted to do something, ask God, do something for God. God called us to be a bride. He called us to be under him. He gave us the Holy Ghost, which is the Sabbath, which is a rest. We're to sit and wait on God to bring it. And when he brings in this time, all we got to do is believe it. when he comes and brings it, we understand it. Just walk in it. That's all it is. It's just to walk in it. Right. When he sit here in Abraham when he went into that deep sleep, cuz I'm going tell you, I can't do nothing. I can't figure it out, right? I I cannot do it, right? But if I rest, that's it. It's been proven to me. I can go get tapes. I can get teaching tapes. I've tried it. I've tried to do all kinds of stuff. But one thing I've learned is a lot of times you just getting somebody's opinion anyhow. That's right. And I sit there and I absorb it in and then but if I just wait now, like I said, I ain't got nothing wrong. There ain't I ain't got nothing against from reading God. It reminds me God had me studying in a subject not long ago. I said, God, why in the world am I looking at this? Why? I would say everything I was looking at it was taking me right back to the word. I said, "God, why am I looking at this?" And as I sat out there talking to him, you know, he said, "I'm filling it up." And it come so plain. This bottle, yeah, it can't put water in itself. He can't ask for water to be put in it. It don't matter what it does. It's a bottle. It's a vessel. Somebody of a divine nature, somebody in a higher state of being has to come and put water in this bottle. And then when the water's in the bottle, it can't say, "Well, I want Coke." It ain't got a choice. Yeah. It takes whatever you put in that vessel. That vessel don't know how to pour it into a glass. He don't know how to pour it into your mouth. It don't know how to do nothing. All that vessel knows how to do is that just sit there. It takes a divine higher being to do anything. what's with the vessel whether to put something in it to pour it out or whatn not. So when you sit there God he's obligated he's promised to come it's just it's so it's my heart is so heavy for the simple fact that I see people so much that I know have never truly had an experience with God. Oh my right. That's right. And then God truly, he wants to be your best friend, right? Just as AB Abraham walked, he was I looked up the name Hebrew the other day, about two months ago. I say the other day, about two months ago, it means one from beyond. I thought, man, if I ain't a Hebrew, I don't know what I am. Called Abraham the one from beyond. From beyond where? Beyond the curtain of time. Yeah. They come and drop down and God had to manifest himself for me. That's right. That's right. But I see, you know, God, he actually, he so much wants to come. That's right. And walk us Amen. through this life, looking for a city whose maker is not man. The better maker is God. It's somebody that is actually having hope in what we don't see. Yeah. When I sit and I look at this world and the galaxy that we live in and I look even beyond that, for a person to actually really think logically that there is no God, it really there's something wrong with there's something wrong with but to think that that God actually come down here and calls me and wants to walk with me. He don't want He ain't calling me for church on Sunday. He ain't calling me for church on Wednesday. That's right. He ain't calling me to go out and to tell everybody how wrong they are. Come on, brother. He wants to be my lover. He wants to be your friend. He actually wants to come and talk to you. Right? I'm talking about the master of the universe wants to actually come and talk to you and walk with you and to show you. That's right. Cuz see, a lot of times, you know, Jesus died on the cross for our sins. We know that. We know that. But sometimes that's just such a it's just a story. I mean, I'm just sorry. A lot of times you hear so much, we get so gospel hardened. We get so we hear things so much that it's just a story. Well, it's a man that died for our sins. It goes so much more deeper than that. When we looking at That's right. When you actually look at science and its basics, you see God everywhere. Light and darkness in this galaxy, you got a you got a black hole that sits beneath the sun that actually eats light. It eats everything. But here's light that God chose to actually manifest himself in, right? In every form or fashion. When you look at the basics of science, whether it's energy, vibrations, light, or whatnot, God is there. Right. Right. And we see, and here's brother Brandham. He's talking about the the spilled blood, the innocent blood of God being the only fellowship. Brother Brandham tells that Abraham, he said even in the garden, he said that was God's first form. Then he says over here, Abraham even worshiped by spilled blood. when he torn him apart and that pillar of fire came through. See, it's so important to me because when I look at the Muslims, I look at the Jews, I look at the Christians, cuz I'm going to tell you something. I'll be just straight honest with you. If I didn't know how the Holy Ghost, right? And I seen the things I have seen over the last few months about a Muslim belief, right? Hey, I tell this stuff to to go as far as Christian denomination. I'll just be honest with you because them people are more real. And I'll tell you something. I challenge you to look at some of the things they actually teach cuz they profess. They profess that they know they are not the spiritual seed of Abraham, but they are the carnal seed of Abraham. They are the technological, the scientific. They are that strain of Abraham that's actually going to reunite again with Jesus Christ when he comes back and he's going to usher them in to the millennium. They believe that. Okay. But they even know enough. When you actually look at the things they actually teach about the end time, it will blow your mind. It lines up so closely with the things that brother Brown taught. The seventh church age messenger, the angel of the Lord that come and taught us spiritually. You take the spiritual happenings and tie them with the physical happenings and what they teach, it will scare you to death. You'll see that it's almost God promised them that he'd take care of them. He promised Abraham that's your seed and I'll take care of them. They'll be a mighty nation. But when I look, but where is God's seed called from? And we see that brother, he he explained to us when God said, "Let there be light." He said, "That's when that's when that logos came out. That's when Jesus come out." That's when he come out in a form that man could first actually identify. And that's super special to me because that's the origin the original. That's the first form that we could ever see God in that image in an image at all that we could actually pick up or detect with this sense of sight. When here's Abraham when he comes and makes the same covenant that he made with me, he he brings that pillar of fire right down through there. He busts him apart and there's a pillar of fire. When he comes to Moses, he has the pillar of fire. There's the pillar of fire. When he comes to Paul, he has the pillar of fire. And for me to see in this day that he come in the same form that's right of a pillar of fire again to me that makes my heart abound. I said and I sit by God at work and I talk to him and I just get so excited I forget that he's not even a believer and I start telling him all this stuff and he just looks at me kind of strange. But when you see God from the beginning until the end and you see God in the Muslims, you see him in the Jews, you see him in the nation that he called out. But then when you see him in the wild olive tree, but you see him in the same logo moving one down to another. But then when I see brother said, when he ripped Jesus Christ, he ripped his spirit from his body, ripped it apart, and it ascended on high. And then when it come back, it broke into 120 pieces and descended down on Gentiles. Right? Gentiles and Jews like it don't matter. The same logos, the one that was in the beginning is the same one that wants to come to me and you. It's the same. That is the innocent bloodshed. That is the bloodshed of the innocent one. That is the sacrifice that was made. The sacrifice is actually a covenant that was made between you and God. It's a covenant that you didn't do this. You don't deserve this, but I'm going to give it to you. Only if you'll accept it. Only if you'll accept it. Right. Wow. Right. There's no other way. Right. There's been many times when I was growing up in church. I can remember when I was 9 years old coming to the altar. I was raised in Pentecostal church. My parents didn't say nothing to me about coming to the altar. I took off running just about the altar when I was 9 years old. And when I got there, I cried and I squalled and I cried. Started smoking cigarettes when I was about 10. Started probably smoking pot when I was about 12, 13. And did all kinds of crazy stuff, you know. All kind. Even I go that time when I went and cried at the altar. I knew God did something to me that day. I knew he bore witness with me. Something happened. And I'd go back in the woods with my buddies and we had forts all in the woods, you know. We rode bicycles all me. And it wasn't the woods. Yeah. And we had all kinds of bass, you know, just was being wild humans, you know, we was wild humans and go out there to smoke and I felt so convicted on the inside. Oh, it tear me up, but you know, I didn't want to I didn't want to offend, right? I can remember times later on in life, and I'm not going to go too far into it, but I can remember times in life when God would pull on me. Sure. And I'd want to surrender to God. I'd want to so badly and I'd try. Amen. I mean, I tried. I'd come to the altar. I'd make an effort. I remember one time God miraculously healed me when I had a motorcycle wreck. I mean, miraculously healed me. I had hair down almost my back. I weighed 180 lbs. I was a drug deal. I had earrings in my ears. And God actually healed me in the hospital. He touched me so strongly that cussing totally left my vocabulary. And my buddies were embarrassed to go anywhere with me. I had such a filthy mouth. I didn't have to try to quit cussing. It was gone. That's right. And the thing is in my experience, I even went back out in the world again. Oh yeah. Being honest, I went to a church and I'd actually went to places and told people about the my experience with God, my healing. And I was going to a church that was so full of hypocrites. Now, I don't put this off on them. I'm just telling you the truth. I'm not putting it off on nobody. I didn't have to do I mean, I made my own choices, right? But it was so full of hypocrites that and I mean to the point to where you know man seen a choir actually taught Sunday school sometime you know he had a mistress that come church with him you know he had a wife and had two kids I mean I'm talking about just straight up hypocrisy people always want to cause trouble you know you know you'd be at church one time and go something go somewhere else wasn't that custom talking about women you know and I said I told him one night I said God I know what you done for me. I know you healed my leg. I know the thing. I I know you're real. But if these people are Christians, I don't want to be a Christian, right? Yeah. Amen. It totally just like brother Gamma said today, a lukewarm Christian will send more souls to hell, right? Than anything cuz it makes you have an idea that there's no bread in the bread house. That there's no actual life in this thing. That it's just a lifestyle. And I told him, I said, "God, I don't want to be a Christian." And you know, and I actually went back out in the world for a while and I almost died twice. It come to the point one night I did so much coke. So much cocaine that I went to a restaurant and my left no, my left arm went numb. I had chest pains and next thing I know I'd blacked out and I'd lay in the floor and of course all the guys I was with so you know it was all drug dealers so you know they don't want nothing to do with that you know they want to give a run you know they don't care about you they just you know they know you going to bring the police and the ambulance I'm laying out in the floor don't even know how I got in the floor I get up in this restaurant it was so filthy so dirty All right. And I crawled into this bathroom as dirtiest as any gas station bathroom you ever seen in your life. I crawl in there on my hands and knees. My lights dimming, going in and out. My eyes are still open. I rip my shirt off and I start getting water out of the toilet. started splashing in my face. Yeah. And just crying to God, "God, please don't let me die." Cuz I can honestly say at that time, I didn't know who God was. Oh, yeah. Right. But I knew that he was real. He had been with me since I was just a little kid. I'd always talked to him, but I didn't know who he was. Yeah. I didn't believe in him. I had no understanding of who he was. I cried, "God, don't let me die. Please don't let me die." And somehow I know I didn't die. Probably went two months later. Me and my wife wasn't married at the time, but we was dating. was over around here in Atlanta, a big humongous party up in well, I can't remember the name of place, but a big bridge neighborhood. And I did a whole bunch of cocaine, a bunch of acid, a bunch of heroin. And I was sitting there and the next thing I know, I just fell backwards. and my eyes are open and the light just go out and they're just going in and out like this right here. But I'm totally my eyes will go away. I just keep stumbling. Now I was the type of person that kind of stuff didn't happen to me. I had a real high tolerance for stuff. And then again the same thing happens. I fall in my face. I start crawling again. He got me in the same place again in these people's bathroom. I tear my shirt off again and I soak my face with water out of the toilet. I ask God, "Please don't let me die." And I don't die. And time comes on and I remember going to a church. My mama wanted us to go. I love my mama. There's things I do for my mama that's I just did it for her. And my wife my wife, she didn't know nothing about God. She wasn't really raised in church. And the only thing she did know was a bunch of you ain't supposed to cut your hair and you ain't supposed to wear pants. And that was really it. We go to this charismatic church and we do it. At this point, I didn't have a spot on my lung. I know. I smoked marijuana so heavily. I smoked it for years, all day long. And every time I'd breathe, I'd have a pain in my chest. It got so bad when I smoked dope. I It hurt so bad I didn't even want to smoke it no more cuz I get so paranoid I was going to die because I knew it was a spot. And uh but God was dealing with me. I had a happen that I I'm going to save time. I'm not going to share. But I had it and I remember sitting outside the front porch smoking a cigarette and I said, "God, I don't care. I don't why would a drug addict think like this? I'm looking out there at my yard and I say, "God, that blade of grass, I got to cut it all the time. His lifespan is just like that." I said, "God, I know my lifespan is just like that." I said, "But I want to die doing something for you, God. I want to I want to live for you. But I didn't know who God was. How can you do something for somebody? Brother Dale, but saying if I was willing to give you $25 and I didn't know who you were, I mean, how can I give you anything? I can't do it. I can't even I don't even know how to address you. We went to this church. My mother wanted to go my wife. You know, I grew up in church some and I see women that went to church and their husband ain't go to church. And I remember even back then, the old heathen that I was, it made me mad for some reason. I just thought I just thought if he loved her, he'd go to church. Whether he wanted to go to church or not, that's just me, you know. That's just my personality. And I'm not saying it's true. That's just my personality. And my wife, she's getting up to go to church one morning and I talk her out of it one morning. when the next Sunday comes around, she going to go and I lay in her bed and I try to talk her out of it and ain't no talking her out of it. And I said, "Well, I ain't going to be like one of them men. I'm going to go to church." You know, they ain't want to go to church. High as a kite, they want to go to church. I go to church and we go two times and I remember I'm sitting there and this man, the Lord actually drops down on me in this charismatic church to the point to where I'm start snotting. I'm sitting there in a pew and they asked us to raise our hands and we raised our hands. Me and my wife did. She actually did first and I wanted to. She actually gave me a little courage cuz I was sitting there. I said, "God, I'm sitting here lusting after these women. But I want to live right. I can't even think right. I don't even know how to even start to be right." But I was in such a condition that God was melting my heart. And he asked us to come up front. And when he did, the man didn't even touch me. The night before I was stoned as I'll get out. I was a druggie. He ain't even touch me. And he said like a I guess you call like a prophecy over me. And next thing I knew I was laying on the floor. I ain't never had nothing like that happen to me in my life. Never. The man didn't even touch me. I laid there for probably 30 to 40 minutes and my poor wife was standing there and people was around her speaking in tongues. She ain't never heard nobody talk in tongues. She and then she looked down. I'm laying in the floor. She ain't never been no Pentecostal church. I laid there and when I got up I was a different person. Bless him. When I had that motorcycle, I reckon God healed me and he took away my foul mouth. He did it again. Amen. Not only did he take away my foul mouth, but he took away my desire to do drugs. G. He took away my I loved golf. Now, I ain't got nothing against golf, but I love golf so much that it was about to tear my family apart. I wanted to retire playing golf. That was my goal. And when I went to play golf, I did it as if it was a job and if I was practicing. I was going to retire playing golf. There ain't no way I was going to live my life at the phone company. I was going to retire playing golf. When I got up out of that floor, I had no desire to play golf whatsoever. I didn't even didn't want to. Amen. But that was my passion. God healed me of that spot. You know, people think, you know, ain't nothing going on out in them churches out there. There's not unless you will see the God. Now, if you see to God, God will drop you a handful. God's going to come get you. He's gonna stop whatever he's doing and he's gonna come and get you. I don't care if you're in a Baptist, Methodist, or in a Catholic church. I think one of the scarest places to be a lot of times in a Methodist church. It takes more power of God coming out of this church than it does out church. That is [Applause] true. But when I was there, God done something for me. Amen. And then as I went all along my way, God began to justify me. Oh, I won't never forget. I was singing in the choir. I told brother I told brother day this morning. So about the end before I had the Holy Ghost, you know, life ain't hard when you got the Holy Ghost. Really, it's really simple. And uh for the most part, you just float around doing whatever you want to do. Devil don't much care about what you're doing. And I don't care how religious you I don't care how much you sing, preach, or help the sick, cast out devils. He don't care nothing about you. And uh I told the guy, I went to church three, four times a week. I just loved it. Every time I go to church, I go to church. I mean, you talking about sick, it didn't matter. There was nothing in me that ever made me not want to go to church. I mean, it was just right. Amen. You know, hey, when you get the Holy Ghost is different, you know, that's just the truth. I love going to truth. I mean, going to church right here, but like he said this morning, sometimes sometimes you don't out here, but back then it wasn't that way. But God healed me there, that spot in my lung. And you know, as I was saying, you know, when people say things don't happen, I was sitting there first time I ever took communion again. It wasn't even right communion. It was a little bit wafer and a thing of grape juice. And look, but you know, brother Maram says, you know, you taking a look at them Jews when they come to that sacrifice, how can they get numb to the sound of that bleeding lamb when they take it up there to be sacrificed? But he said it become a stench in the nostrils. But you know, God, if you do it sincerity, God honor it. You know, if it's God's way, you do it sincerity, he honors it. I didn't know no more what I was doing. But man, I was sitting there, I was weeping so much. I had so much love and joy in my heart that I could actually take communion. Amen. And that God loved me, right? And he picked me up. Glory. I mean, I was so full of love in my heart. I couldn't even hardly eat or drink it. I was in sitting there crying. And the man I had on a red shirt and the our pastor at that time he said somebody right there around that gym with that red shirt on. God just and right as he's saying that I feel fire go all the way from my waist up to my head. He said God just healed somebody of a chest condition right here. Right around this guy in a red shirt right here. And look that spot on my chest has never hurt. Glory. One time it hurt me a few years ago and I rebuked it and it was gone. But I mean, it hurts so bad to where if I just got out of a golf cart to walk up to a green to make a putt, oh, it would just kill me. It hurts so bad. But God healed me of that. And we come and God God used me in many ways. I mean, many ways. I seen people, me and some people, this guy was demonp possessed one night, spitting up foam at the mouth all the back of the church. We took him out there. Me and some more people prayed for him. The devil was trying to strangle him. All kinds of stuff. And before he left, the guy was speaking in tongues. He was in his same mind. And when we left that church, he was still going to that church. When he come in, he was a he was a real bad street walking crackhead. And he stayed there in his same mind till he left. Now, does that mean he was born again? No. Brother Brown said Peter was in a sanctified condition when he was casting out devil. Healing the sick. He never had he never been converted. But see things and I seen those things happen. and my wife's father-in-law and my wife's dead. My father-in-law, he come and he'd tell me about wheat and writing a name on a check and all this kind of stuff and tell me that, hey, he said, you know, you ain't even saved. I thought, man, you know, you got to be joking, man. I mean, you you done hit your head. Well, if you ain't baptized no more Jesus Christ, you can't even get the Holy Ghost. I said, are you are you crazy? I said, "The life proves what I'm doing. Look at look at how God is actually manifesting himself in my life. God brought me out. He set my feet on a rock." I said, "What? What are you talking about?" He said, "Well, you know, when wheat starts to sprout, it comes through, you got a stalk, and you have a tossel." And you I said, "Man, are you what is wrong with you talking about some weed?" I said, "Want to talk about, you know, when when's the last time you went and and taught somebody about God? You know, when was the last time God prophesied through you? When was the last time God did this, did that?" That's what we was used to. Yeah. Right. I will never forget one night he pointed his finger at me. He'd come there and I just about chased him out the house talking to him. I wouldn't listen to nothing he said. I mean, I was listening. One day I was sitting there, these people was actually they gave us a little syllabus when we first started. They gave their doctrine and it said uh it was about water baptism and it said we know that the New Testament church baptized in the Lord name in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We know that Peter understood that that was you know Jehovah you know Lord God. We knew they had that understanding. He said, "But we baptize and name Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." And I sit there, man, I and I was like this line went across and that's when God came and actually showed me something, right? God started to show me his sacrifice, right? And as I began to see this sacrifice, as I began to see him in his word, oh, it kind of hurt for me cuz I said, "Man, I'm going to have to go and tell John, my father-in-law, so I go tell but John I was wrong. He's right." You know, and then all of a sudden, God started showing me all kind I mean, just start opening up his word to me. And the whole thing to get to is that that in itself is God's blood sacrifice. His word, him showing himself to you, you got to place your hands on that sacrifice. If you don't own that sacrifice, if you don't associate yourself with that sacrifice, if that sacrifice ate inside of you, there's no way that you can be dead in Christ and risen again. There's no way you can be born again without God coming and showing himself to you. Right? And I just urge any of my brothers and sisters, if there's a heaviness in your heart, if there's a heavy feeling on your chest at all, any kind of a feeling of pressure from God, just ask. Glory. Amen. If you ask in the right attitude and sincerely, he's got to tell you. And when he does, he's not a respector of person. You come his provided way. He's got to show you. And when he does, there's been times and times throughout life, I wanted to get right with God. I wanted to, but I couldn't. It was not God's time. When it's God's time, it will happen. But the thing is, if you get a a calling from God, you can't reject it. If you get a calling to go forward, you can't step back and say, "I don't know. I don't want that." It's a fellowship. How can you disassociate yourself from your sacrifice? Don't you realize that staying with that logos, staying with that that unveiling of the word, that is your lamb. That's your sacrifice. If you ain't inside of that, there ain't no blood to cover you. You can't sit outside and say, "Well, God, I'll come over there later." You can't do that. There's no blood bumper for you. I don't care what's going on. I don't care if you casting out devils. You got to hit a ministry. If you preach all over the world, God, there's no blood bumper for you. I just urge you if the musicians would come, I just urge you. I ask you please. You may have tried time and time again. I'm not going to give no prolonged altar call. And I tell you the reason why. I believe in him. I sure do. Lord, I believe in him 100%. But God come to me when I sitting in my bathroom. I believe a lot of times just like when Daniel sat there and he prayed, he fasted and Gabriel came. And he said, "The prince of pers has been fighting me or I would have been here already." Yeah, that's right. It's just like the sister that accepted her healing and it had to come later on and come through to her neighborhood. I can't remember how many days later, but it come over and healed her and the other sister both. I'm not even going to ask you to raise your hand. Cuz it ain't between me and you. People say, "Well, if you're ashamed of me, I'll be ashamed of you." And that's right. God said, "I believe that." But if God does something for you, there ain't a devil in hell that'll keep you from manifesting that fruit in your life. There ain't a devil in hell that's going to make you be quiet about what God's doing for you. There ain't a devil in hell that's going to keep you bound by the same things you was bound beforehand. So you ain't got to worry about being ashamed because ain't nothing going to make you be ashamed if it's really God. Right? I'm just urging if you feel something. Brother D, if you got songs, go ahead, brother. Try number 80. If you got a feel, if there's a heaviness in your heart, the altar is in your heart. The altar ain't so much up here, you can leave here and have an emotional sensation. The altar is inside of your heart. Maybe when you go home or whatever, but if you make a conscious, sober decision, God will acknowledge that. Amen. He will meet you just like he met Abraham. He'll meet you just like he met me. He will meet you and give you life just said in your heart. If you got in heaven just pray pray on the inside bow down in your heart. Let's just worship God. [Music] You got any kind of sickness? I believe God. I don't believe there's nothing in me. He can heal you. But I believe inside of you. I believe the word is true. The prayer faith save the sick. I believe without you got any kind of problems. I just don't care if you want to come here and pray anything whatsoever. I don't want to shut anything up. I want if God wants to move, you come if you want anything [Music] done. We shall see. We shall see again. Are you ready? Goodness Savior today. But he [Applause] says come. We shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king. I pray you don't have to say God by your word [Music] anymore of this world. Yes, we will. We shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king. [Music] The blessed hour Bring the rain [Music] coming. We shall see again. We shall see again. We shall see. [Music] our soulbody Jesus will go away and We shall see the king. [Applause] [Music] We know God always spirit. shall see the king. We shall see the king. message coming soon. Everybody He tells me I Brother. [Music] [Music] Brother, are you ready? [Music] Heat. Heat. Don't put it out. Go ahead. [Music] Amen. And amen. The only way to see the king is to see him in his word. Cuz he's not here in a physical form. He's here in a revealed word. Yes. But he's here to speak your [Music] to me. All the [Music] rain throughout the [Music] land throughout the world understand the understand his name. The prophet walking the way to God. You will be saved today. You will be [Music] saved. Follow the word. The word believing the word is how it is leaving God's word to [Applause] Heat. Heat. God [Music] today and I'm amazing [Music] tonight. The word of God rejecting the word. Anybody else? Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] You know, you might not understand, but the combine, the prophet says the World Council of Churches, cuz you know what a combine does? A combine binds the tires. It binds up this the stalks, right? It scatters the chaff away, but it also puts the wheat in the garden. That's right. So, that's what's taking place. That's right. So, we just better make sure which one we are. Amen. We're in one of them. We're the chaff or we're the stalker. We're the wheat. That's right. So, we just got to make up our mind which one we are. Enjoy the message. Thank you. Make sure you tell him how much we appreciate it. How much we appreciate you coming and all the ones from Alabama, we appreciate you coming, being with us, and we hope that we've treated you good enough to where you want to come back, you know, because we that's we're just what we are and that way all the time. So, we we had a good time last night. We got over the house and just sat down and talked and just fellowship, just have a good time in the Lord. And that's the best thing to do. Amen. cuz that's our life. That's right. We don't have any other life. It's this message. Amen. You love the Lord. Just tell our brothers and them that you appreciate him. Father, we thank you. We ask you, Lord, that you would just be with us now as we go our separate ways and everybody going home. We pray that you'd take care of us. Give a safe journey. And Lord, those that were prayed for today, we believe that they received what they were asking for because why would we pray if we didn't believe it that way, Father? cuz we know that thou are our God and that you want to do more than we ever would ever think about wanting you even to do. The prophet said you wanted to heal us more than we wanted to be healed. Well, surely when we're sick, we wanted to be healed. And Father, just have your way now. Guide each one. Take care of everybody on the highways. Let your love be made manifest in Jesus name. Amen. You're dismissed. [Music] God is the father and his god is the [Music] son. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Yeah. [Music]
