################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2011-11-27 - 11-1127pm - Be Ye Therefore Perfect Pt.7 (Perfection) - Samuel Dale - Samuel Dale.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2011-11-27
Title:    11-1127pm - Be Ye Therefore Perfect Pt.7 (Perfection) - Samuel Dale
Speaker:  Samuel Dale
Church:   Spoken Word Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkF26Ev-rEA
========================================

Description:
11-1127pm - Be Ye Therefore Perfect Pt.7 (Perfection) - Samuel Dale
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oh, ye may Heat. Heat. [Music] You [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] Oh my god. [Music] [Applause] Let us adore him. You know, it is Christmas time and it's not about Santa Claus, you know, but it's not about the Lord Jesus Christ being born in a manger 2,000 years ago. It's about him coming and taking a presence in my life. And becoming alive in my life. That's what it's about. Let's all stand on this last one. Y [Music] [Applause] of the father No shore. [Applause] Amen. Brother Al, would you come let the offering for us this afternoon? And as I said, the offering goes brother Don again this afternoon. Amen. Hallelujah. Father, we just thank you again for all your blessings. That's thank you for the known brother. Yes. Bless us, Lord. Give us the honor. Thank you. means being our brother that's in Jesus name. Amen. kind of poor one we Jesus love [Music] me. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Jesus Christ. He will say all the way. [Music] I love you. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Amen. We sing that and you can be seated. We sing that one in the nursing home. And you know, I tell the people in there say it's not cuz somebody told you that because the Bible says so, you know, and if they had found that in the scripture, you need to go dig it up somewhere. The sisters are going to come and minister for us this afternoon. It's all uh I don't know who the sisters are going to be except usually there's three of them and one of them not here. Amen. And their piano player is not here either. So that's we going to make it. How can I say thanks for the things God has done for me. Things so undeserved. Yet he gave to prove your love for me. The voices of a million angels. And I express my gratitude. All that I am and ever hope to be. I owe it all to thee. To God be the glory. To God be the glory. To God be the glory for the things he has done. With his blood he has saved me. With his power he has raised me. To God be the glory for the things he has done. Just let me live my life. Let it be pleasing, Lord, unto thee. And should I praise, let it go to Calary, with his love. He has saved me. With his power he has raised me to God be the glory for the things he has done. For the things he has done. [Applause] Amen. That's right. Amen. Amen. Amen. Y'all, y'all remember, of course, I say, "Pray for me." And I mean, pray for me. I got a I got my hand, this hand right here, not want to work right here. And I Well, June knows about it. You ever had a trigger finger? Let me tell you what is it's one of those things that if you hit yourself on the nail with a hammer, you going to say, "Ouch." And my wife, she jumped on me for hollering when it got hung up. Let me tell you what, when that thing gets locked up and you have to peel it back, let me tell you, it hurts. So y'all pray me. So I'm having to learn to play this old thing different and I hope I can keep on playing. Amen. We going to Mos. She reserves us all day. Open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see. I want the eyes of my heart. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. I want to see. Amen. Amen. Amen. I want to see you. Good to see everybody in the house of the Lord. Amen. You like turn in your scriptures. Turn back where we've been reading in Matthew 5 and we will go to Hebrews 6. Matthew 5. Hebrews 6. Anna and Richard called and said they're stuck in traffic in Chattanooga, Tennessee. So remember them that that the Lord would open it up and and get all through. Remember now, Lord willing, this coming Sunday, we will be Saturday night and Sunday, we'll be over brother Collins's preaching for him and Wade will be taking the services here. So, just remember that on Saturday night service is 6:00 and I assume that the Sunday service is 10 or 10 whatever 10:30 10:30. Sunday morning service is 10:30. So, we'll be there Saturday night, Sunday morning. So, pray if you want to come be with us, do that and then make sure you come back here for the regular service. Okay? And now Terrence had already announced that the uh service for brother Dawn and what it will be. So just remember that Thursday at 200 p.m. and there will be just it's a cremation and it will be uh you know just there to few words to be said and cast his uh ashes upon the the ground. So just remember that and pray that the Lord would bless. If you have any extra that you want to give they didn't have any insurance so make sure you know to help pay for the bills and things. I know the offering was there. If you have anything else you want to give, but feel free to do it. We'll make sure they get a hold of it. Okay? Just remember those things. And also remember the Bible study will be the second Saturday in December, which is December the 10th, will be at 6:00. How about communion? Uh we will we'll probably have the communion and foot washing on the second Sunday, which will be the 11th. All right. So, we have to make sure we we know that won't be on the 1st. It'll be on the 2nd. We always try to do that. Keep Sister Trudy trained where she can she likes to come down for the Saturday night Bible study and we like to keep her on time. Okay. So, we we appreciate her coming. Amen. Amen. You love him. Matthew 5, Hebrews 6. Heavenly Father, we thank you for this day and thank you for the hour that we have, the time Lord that you have given unto us and for the freedom at until this day that we can meet together and be able to worship you and and Lord to have a good time in you. We may face a time that it will come that we will not be able to do these things, but that's up to you, Lord, because you said when the enemy comes in like a flood, the spirit of the Lord will raise up a standard. So we believe you. We do everything we can now to pack in to get everything ready against that day. And just forgive us now of our failures and lead us Lord and bless each one. Bless uh the again family there Lord and take care of all of them be with them and the loss of the loved one. And Lord, just have your way with each one of our hearts and lives today as we read your word and try to speak upon you, then come on the scene and reveal that word into our hearts because we believe that everything we get from you must come by faith. It's not just a a study. It's not just even a gathering of words or quotes, but it must be revealed unto each one of us. We love you and we thank you in Jesus is your name. Amen. Hebrews be Matthew 5 and Hebrews 6. Okay. Verse 37. But let your communication be yay yay and yay nay nay nay. For whatsoever is more than these cometh evil. You have heard that it hath been said an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth. But I say unto you that you resist not evil. But what? But whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also. And if any man shall will sue thee at the law, take away thy coat, let him have thy cloak also. But whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile, go with him twain. Give to him that askkest thee, and from him that would borrow of thee, turn th not thou away. You have heard that it hath been said, thou shalt love thy neighbor, and hate thine enemy. But I say unto you, love your enemies. See, he's setting up a new thing as compared to the Old Testament. A new thing is coming into being to you. All right? But I say unto you, love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which defi despitefully use you and persecute you, that you may be the children of your father which is in heaven. For he maketh his son to rise on the evil and on the good, and to sendeth rain on the just and the unjust. For if you love them which love you, what reward have you? Do not even the publicans the same? And if you salute your brethren only, what will do you more than others? Do not even the publicans so be therefore perfect, even as your father in heaven, which as your father which is in heaven is perfect. Then we'll go to Hebrews 6:1. Therefore, leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on to perfection, not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works, and of faith toward God, of the doctrine of baptisms, and of laying on of hands, and of resurrection of the dead, and of eternal judgment. And this will we do if God permit. You may be seated. The Lord had his blessing to the reading of the word. I was making a reference this morning and said we had a Catholic among us. I meant we had a former Catholic. There you have a Catholic among us. We have a former Catholic. And you know what? That's all of us. with all former Catholics that we heard this message. So that you know, make sure too that you thank the sisters for the fixing of the food and everything and and I hope you enjoyed it and all cuz it was a good dinner and a good good time together in fellowship. Amen. Now, we were talking this morning and I asked the question the other day and that's what I'm trying to get to in these two services is uh what is the difference in perfect and perfection? You say, "Well, it's just the same word." Well, it may have a little different varying meaning and things. And um the amazing thing for me to study as we'll get to in a minute that you know generally there's a difference between the word of the Old Testament that will be like the the uh the Old Testament being the the Hebrew and then you try to bring that over to the Greek and and getting the definition of the wording is generally enough difference to be you know outstanding. If you look at those things a little bit, you'll see that it's, you know, it be like not not maybe so much a way difference, but a different form of trying to bring it to make it uh, you know, like their way and our way. But looking up perfection and perfect, we'll read in a little bit. I found it it compares to be to where the same word was in the Old Testament and the same word is in the New Testament definition, you know, of that wording. All right? And you say, "Well, what's the difference in what a word means?" Well, uh, I am I think it's entirely That's right. a wonderful thing to be able to have an understanding. I'm not a Greek scholar, but I thank God for those that were, those that brought it down to us and placed it within our hands to where that we could understand those things. And then we have the prophet's message to look at them by and you know and that's where we pick up the things from. So we we thank the Lord for that. Now the prophet of God I didn't bring you this one but on the message perseverance brother R says that you everything you get from God comes by faith. That's right. He said you got to believe it. Yes. Amen. So you can't go out to the world and prove God. Right. You say, "Oh, yes, I can. I can show them a blade of grass and I can show them that." That's all right. They already know about that. That's not going to convince them. They already know. That's where you get the uh uh you know, you would get your things from the books from them, right? But after all of their doings with it, they still can't find God. All right. See, so it's you know, you got to believe it by faith. Amen. Right? Cuz you read over there in Hebrews 11, it's all of those that said by faith, by faith, by faith, by faith. They And you got to uh to keep that in the correct order in your mind. But now, did you understand what I was trying to get at? And we'll try to get to the difference in perfect and perfection. Now, if the word perfect means what it does, and we'll get to the definitions in a minute, but there there is not any way to add anything to perfect because if it was, it wouldn't be perfect. That's right. All right. So, now you can add per perfect to perfect. Mhm. You know, because it's more of the same source. All right. See, when you look at the pyramid and you see faith at the bottom, that's the new birth. And virtue is a birth. Now you have all of this. Each one can be called a birth because a birth means a coming forth in two. And see each one of them can be brought out as a birth. But it's not different things. We're not built of a the cell of a dog and a cell of a cat and a cell of a monkey put together and come out to be a human. That won't work. It's all one thing. Right? You know, so then perfect is a beautiful word. Amen. But I must define to you to help you to follow it the way I see it. That when you're looking at perfect, remember what I've been trying to bring under the atonement. That person that truly believed God was so covered by the blood that was offered to the animal etc thing that they stood perfect before God. Right? And God wouldn't didn't come down to kill everybody. Now, following my point, even when Moses was there to stand in the way, you know that God didn't come down to kill everybody in the world, right? That's right. Are you listening? Right. Yes. Cuz the atonement was there. Amen. What did he come down and say, Moses, I'm going to wipe wipe out the whole world. I'm going start over with you. You didn't say that. He was talking about the children of Israel. Amen. Mhm. So then he was capable of coming from under the blood. And that blood was laid there before the foundation of the world. Amen. Right. But he was capable of coming down under the blood and he could have wiped out the children of Israel. But he wouldn't have wiped out everybody in the world. That was not what he was talking about. And see, then we talk about it as being the world being under the bumper blood. You know, the blood of Jesus Christ, the red crimson blood. And that man is not a sinner in front of God because God can't see you. He can't see the blood. See through the blood. Cuz if he looks through red at red, he sees white. That's right. See, it's when the blood sister has been a woman to go and and I expressed it this way and she'd come up with with the point which is right that when the the bride goes up, mercy is gone. Yeah, that's right. You know what? The blood will be gone. That's right. Absolutely. Right. And when it is, the wrath of God can be poured out. Right. These storms and all these earthquakes and things like today 200,000 being killed. That's not tribulation. That's a tribulation but not the tribulation. The tribulation is the wrath of God poured out because it won't be any blood atonement. Right. So he'll be able to come down and annihilate everything. Sure. But see, even until this day, that atonement is still there. Amen. Until we go out here, we go out, the atonement goes with us. Right. Right. All right. Then the only grace there is is to the 144,000. Right. Right. All right. But now thinking about it, so when we say that there there's no sinners in the world today, not meaning that man's not out there sinning. Amen. It's meaning that it's covered by the blood. That God can't see. That's right. What's transpiring and to not be able to see it, then he's not coming down to annihilate. Does everybody understand that? Right? So then you know maybe my wording is not good but it takes the Lord to reveal it anyway. So that's the point. But see under the blood then of the b w b w b w b w b w b w b w b w b w b w bulls and go gulps and things a man making that atonement was considered to be perfect. Sure. Amen. In God's eyes. Not perfect in man around him. You know Job with all of his comforters. And neither will people uh look at you and think you're perfect. But you know what I thought about doing? I better not, but I thought about it. You know, we do better under persecution. Right. That's right. And uh I thought about coming out and saying, but I found out that Wade's on the front seat by so he can't do it. I thought about coming out and saying, "Turn around and look at the person next to you and say, "You ain't perfect." You know, you start thinking about it. Well, am I or am I not? See, my point is under persecution, right? You'll think about it. That's right. If somebody don't jog your memory, you go right on through life just floating along wondering what's going on. Now, I'm quoting brother random whether you like it or not. He said the bride does better under persecution. You say, "What do we need today?" You know what we need today? We need for the world to get after us. That's right. And persecute us to death. That's right. Yep. No, brother. We don't No, no, no, no, no. Well, your prophet said we'd do better. See, because you don't think about things, right? Till somebody comes along and challenges you on it or something. You know that when they started out years ago, the Bible said there must needs to be heresies among you that they that are approved may be made manifest. And I remember the first major doctrine was one of them was about two souls and you know they went through you had two souls and if you person could be saved you had two and if you wasn't you just had one and and God come down and just killed one of them and left the other life alive cuz you didn't need nothing. All kind of doctrines went with it. But you know what happened? I began to wonder. I began to study of what really was a soul. Oh, I knew the definitions of beings and persons and what you are. But I began to wonder, you know, it made me study about the soul and I began to preach about and I began to find out that God was a soul. God didn't have a soul. He was a soul. Right? Cuz he was a person. That's right. You know what? It made me dig. So maybe we need to look at each other and say it. to where we'll start digging and thinking about what's being said. I know I'm carnal, forgive me, but you'll take that illustration home and think about it. You need somebody to jog you a little bit to get you to dig. Amen. You know, challenge you to move on. But being perfect now, under the blood of bulls and goats, God would call him perfect. Well, how much more would he talk about his little bride? Amen. and how perfect she is. And if he couldn't see Israel and their ways of doing it, how much more under the blood of Jesus Christ, right? Is there a covering for sin? Now, if we go with the fact that it don't make no difference in what I do, I'm perfect. Well, see, then you're lost. Come on. Do I need to Is there any other thing I can say to make that any stronger? If there's any inkling in your mind of thinking about that it don't matter what I do, I'm covered. Then if there's an inkling in your mind, then you need to repent of it. I need to repent of that. If there's something in my mind that would think that cuz we ought to always have within our thinking of the fact that God, we are human mortals that needs a savior. Amen. That's right. That's right. Amen. We need a redeemer. We need an advocate. Hallelujah. The word that we can walk on in God. Amen. And now the word perfect then we give the definition of any word. It means complete full grown. But then you take Martin Luther and compare him with this day as what he was doing out in in Kansas to those brothers and sisters. Well, you know what? Martin Luther was perfect by the new birth. And you know what? He was as full of age as he could get. That's right. He was at the height of growth of his time. Right. Are you following me? That's right. That's right. So the word perfect then is so perfect the definition until when I begin to look at it, I couldn't figure out any other way to express it. Right. See, but we think perfect means full grown. Well, when we get up here now, we going to be perfect. Yes. But we're not perfect down here. That's right. Now, that's where you're wrong. That's right. That's right. That's where I want you to know you're wrong. If you have the new birth, if you just got born again this minute, y that soul inside of you is perfect. That's right. Amen. But you don't have the growth development. Right. You know what? It's complete. Luther's new birth was complete. That's right. Wesley's new birth was complete. That's right. But yet comparing it to the day we're in of a growth development. Yeah. See, then by doing that, most people look back and say, "Lu didn't have anything. Wesley didn't have anything." Mhm. Like the top there, the two and a half tribes that Wade was bringing out. See, they took their inheritance outside of Canaan. But you know what? They had to go into Canaan first. Mhm. Yep. Right. And they had to come back out. Yep. Yes. They couldn't have stayed out here and said, "We got our we got our inheritance." Their inheritance was in Canaan. Right. Mhm. But they couldn't stay there. Because they wanted their place over here. And Moses said, "You go over Joshua. You go over and you fight the battle." Yep. And you do what you promised Moses. Yep. And then you can go back. Yep. And that's what happened. Yep. So that represents those down to there that never reached the completeness of their new birth, right? Not meaning they wasn't born again. Meaning they didn't have the ability to grow, right? I'm sure Martin Luther taught the statue of perfect man. I'm sure, excuse me, John Wesley taught there's that turkey and ham getting together. Poor old things had to die a week. have a good time today. Maybe we'll apologize to him later. But see, I want you to understand my point. See, you look at the word complete, perfect. You you you look at it, you see, and that's made people say, "Well, that word doesn't really mean just born again. It means of a full growth." Well, then this is the only age could reach that. Yeah. So what about everybody else? Right. Come on. Am I right? Is this the only age that can reach a perfection to be able to bring a change to the body? Right. Come on. Right. That's right. Yes, sir. This is the only age it can come to a change. Everybody else is waiting on us. Right. But they were waiting in their perfection of their age. That's right. They were waiting in the fact that they were newborn children. Right. Right. That's what made them wait. So the word perfect is is the definition of it in the Old and the New Testament is so beautiful until there's no need of trying to add anything to it. It's just get an understanding. That's right. We get the new birth. That's not the adoption of placing into the body of Christ. Is that true? That's right. See, that's the completeness or the growth development. Yes. But yet once you get there, when we get to the place the body is changed, you know what we can say? We're perfect. Right. That's right. We walk off here in a change. We can say we're perfect. That's right. We've reached full growth, full development, full maturity, and it's come to an end. So, we're standing here in the right order. Right. But you understand perfect then? Yes. You can't add anything to it. That's right. To make it more perfect. Right. Right. So then Luther are just as perfect as you are. Amen. Absolutely. Now, I know that won't be swallowed too good of the believers in the message, but that's all right. That's right. You tell me how it could be any other way. Yes. He was perfect cuz he had a new birth. Right. Amen. We're perfect because we got the new birth. Right. Now, growth development deals more into the word perfection. That's right. All right. But now as I ask the de ask you to give the de I mean to look up these things. Matthew 5:48. Now Joe and him put these in a perfect order for me cuz they realize how much a dummy they're dealing with. So they they do a lot of things for me and uh I appreciate it. So they gave me the scriptures and things and then started giving from that and when I would give the definition of the word they give the scripture it's there. So that's easy for to put it all together. Right? All right. So now watch and follow me down and then we'll get on to finding out. You'll see the difference in perfect and perfection. Perfect is it it just means it's so beautiful. are wonderful, so marvelous, nothing can be added. But perfection is a growth development, right? Which is adding perfect to perfect faith to faith. The Bible says, right? Until you just come out to be faith. All right? So now look, look at the definition in the Old Testament. Job 1 and1. There was a man in the land of Oz whose name was Job. And that man was perfect and upright and one that feared God and to shoot evil. All right. So the Hebrew lexican strong concordance 8535 said that that word means perfect. Complete. Complete. Perfect. One who lacks nothing in physical strength, beauty etc. It means sound or wholesome. an ordinary quiet sort of of person, complete, morally innocent, having integrity, one who is morally and ethically pure. Right? Uh it picks up just a tad in the word to show you the difference when it comes to to Genesis 6 and9 where it's speaking of Job of Noah. These are the generations of Noah. Noah was a just man and perfect in his generation. And Noah walked before with God. So this definition is taken from 85:49. See, in other words, God's looking down to speak about one. Yeah. And he says it like this. The same word is translated over to speak of another one. But it's it's in here. You know, how many times have you heard me say that? My I preach series on the Godhead that you look over in Genesis 1, it says God created the heavens and the earth, right? But then when you get over about Genesis 2 and 3, it says Lord God. Y all right. That was over when man was created in natural flesh. So it means like Lord God, Jehovah Elohim. See, God is Elohim. Jehovah Elohim did. All right. Jehovah Elohim means God with his family. So when he created Adam, he had somebody to dwell with. So that much difference made him translate. I I don't understand. But maybe a mark goes up this way where the other word a mark goes down this way. You know, but it turns the difference in the word. All right. And that's what I'm trying to give you to help you understand. But here in in in Noah it gives basically the same but listen it comes from 8549 which means complete whole entire sound complete whole entire whole sound helpfully helpful excuse me complete entire of time it's a little different sound wholesome unemparded innocent having integrity what is complete entirely in accord with truth and fact. It's a neutral adjustment subject. See? All right. Now, that's the Old Testament definition. Now, look at Matthew 5:48. Be therefore perfect even as your father in heaven is perfect. Amen. is taken from the Greek word which is 5046 which means perfect means man means a full age brought to its end remember that word in a minute and go ahead and say it if you listening I thought we believe the seventh seal was the end of all things right I thought we believe the Bible said the end of all things has come upon us Yep. Right. So remember that ending, brought to its end, finished. See, nothing can be added to it. No. Wanting nothing necessary to completeness. Perfect. That which is perfect. consummate human integrity and virtue of men fullgrown adult of full age or mature. Now what's the difference in the Old Testament definition the New Testament? It's the basic same word. It's perfect. Yep. Because there were people back there that were perfect. And there are people down here that are perfect. So you're getting basically the same definition out of the word. Scoffield says you got a Scoffield Bible. He said not sinless perfection. Right? It's not referenced with this word perfect in Matthew 5:48. It's not referencing the sinless perfection, but of growth and maturity. M so he's picking up the understanding from the word perfect that you can't add anything to it cuz nothing can be placed with it. I mean if you got you got something perfect what are you going to have to perfect? If you add one grind to something that's perfect it wasn't perfect before. Okay. But if you take that which is perfect and keep adding perfect to it, right? That's it. Of the same source material. Amen. Then you can keep climbing from faith to faith to faith. You can go faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, faithlessness, godliness, brotherly kindness, and see that every one of those is God imparting to you. Yep. That's right. Of his own nature. And his nature is what? Perfect. Then watch what we're following. Now go now to Hebrews 6. We got it up. We got Corinthians before then if you want to go with it cuz they both come in together. There's a tiny bit of a difference in the word in the the Greek of perfection for Corinthians than it is to over to what Hebrews is saying. Cuz what's the point? Second Corinthians, bring it up. Okay. Second Corinthians says, "For we are glad, for we are glad when we are weak and you are strong. And this also we wish even your perfection." He's talking to Christians. Is that true? The Bible's written to Christians, not written to people of the world. Amen. He's writing to the saints at Corenth to the Corinthians. So the meaning of it is what? Perfection, a strengthening, perfecting of the soul, a training, disciplining, instructing. to he wishes that for us. Okay. Now Hebrews 6 and1 therefore leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ let us go on to perfection not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works and of faith toward God. Now let us go on to perfection meaning we haven't achieved this. Paul in Corinthians was referring to you know even your perfection that we wish that of you. You know the story of the Corinthians. They were babies, but they were born again Christians. Yep. That's right. But they were babies. Paul had trouble with the Corinthians, right? He even had a man living with his father's wife. But you know what he said? I can't find it. Brother around said that man in second Corinthians wound up being a deacon in the church. I can't find that in the Bible. But that's what he said. So I believe it. He got it somewhere. But see, Paul was telling the Corinthians, I wish you would not just sat down as babies and argue over I'm a Paul. I'm an apostas. I'm a Cus and I'm a this, right? I'm a two soul. I'm a 700 virgin. I'm a bruise. I'm right. Amen. But he wished their perfection, he wished a growth, development, a maturity would come within them. Now look when he gets to to the Corinthians, I mean to the Hebrews a little stronger, could understand a little better. You follow me? Yes. You remember that? You know, one couldn't understand. All right. Now the Greek lexican says that this is number that one for the Corinthians was number 2676 in case somebody on the tape missed it. This is a number 5051. It means finisher, a perfector, one who has in his own person raise faith to its perfection and so set before us the highest example of faith. Now we know that studying I ask you to read the Hebrew book especially chapter 5 67 where brother R is explaining all of this about what it means in Hebrews 6. Therefore leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ let us go on to perfection. Well, now it sounds like and even brother Brandon will make the statement that our understanding one God, our doing our water baptisms, our understanding of no eternal judgments, I mean eternal judgment, no eternal hell, right? All of these things he calls them dead reforms or reforms. Now, How can the truth of one God be a reform? Right? What is he meaning? Let him explain yourself. What do you mean? The understanding of the Godhead, is that a reform? The understanding of hell not being eternal, is that a reform? No. That's right. So, he's not saying it like we think. Even though you can quote verbatim, right? He's trying to get us to see Paul is to do like the Corinthians and set down on the little things of the message, little things of the understanding of the Godhead. And forgive me, Lord, for saying little things. I'm trying to illustrate it. Right? Cuz no thing is little thing. That's what I done got to explaining. Perfect is perfect. That's right. If it's a revelation of one God, it's perfect. Right. If it's a revelation of one God. That's right. If it's my idea, it's not perfect. That's right. So Paul is not saying to leave this and get away from it. Right. That's right. I'll give you a quote in a minute where the prophet said, "We're not on the foundation anymore. We're in the tabernacle." Amen. Right. He said Paul was never satisfied with standing in one place. So he wants to go on and you and I today we can make the message carnal reform. That's right. And that's basically what most people has done. They make it an argument debate over one God, an argument debate over hell or over or other things. Because you'd be surprised if people in this message believe we're already in hell. From this message, has the message become carnal reform? That's right. It is not carnal reform to understand one God. That's right. You follow me? It's carnal reform to refuse to go any further. to cabbage down. The prophet said in the seal book. Yep. That's what a Pentecost said, cabbage down. Ain't ding going to hell. They just cabbage down. Right. They just stopped. Paul said to you Corinthians, I wish you could travel on and reach a perfection. Yes. You Hebrews, you understand better than the Corinthians. Y, but let's leave these little things and go on to perfection. Amen. Let's leave these principles, these doctrines, like I've heard people say it, you know, when we understand one God, we preached it, but it's still being revealed to me. That's right. Amen. Right. I don't understand about that because it's still being revealed to me. Now, the principle of the one God, that's right. Yeah, that's right. But you know, the Baptist believe in one God. Sure. But that ain't no principle. That's a carnal reform, right? He said, "No, wait a minute. Not I'm not going off on them. I'm talking I'm telling you where I came from." Baptist doctrine is one God, right? They will argue you to death about it, but then when you question them, they will say it is God in three persons. Blessed Trinity, and that's Trinity just like anybody else's trinity. But yet they won't admit that, right? See, so it's carnal reform letters on a page, whether it be brother Brown's message or this Bible, letters to argue and debate about, and that's all you can do. is to do that. That's carnal reform. I was talking to brother Ernie Villinoea and he said the first time he seen anybody with a computer he went to a Bible to a a ministers meeting and said man they had him around the table got there an hour early and said anything you said they go brother R said and it reminded me of what I've told you many times about the place I went to and was asked to speak and I got up and made the statement and when I made a statement All the computers got to run tonight, can you? They were sitting around the table with their computers shooting me quotes out. I said, "But brothers, what brother said was, thus sayeth the Lord." And they gave him that, but they didn't get that print out. But see, now I'm just I'm not I'm just trying to make an illustration. I'm trying to explain something that is very confusing to the mentality of a human mind. And Paul said, "Leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on to perfection." Does that mean leaving all that he had and getting something new? That's what everybody thinks. Yeah. Boy, when the seal broke, this Bible came brand new. It sure did to a lot of people. They got a whole lot of new doctrines, right? But that wasn't what it meant to me. You can't leave the one doctrine. So Paul is not saying what we think we say by his in his words, right? He's saying let's go on. Right. He even goed on right up to that point. He said, "And this will we do if God permits." Right? All right. Now, like brother Richard Wilson was quoting one day and I like it. He said, you know, Paul didn't go on to that place. Cuz he died. So he never went on to that place. So he said it right. If God permit, you know what? God didn't permit him. Right. Right. But he permits us. That's right. Amen. To have the opportunity to go on to perfection. That's right. To take the 40 years ago of understanding of one God, which was right. Sure. And bring it down to 2011 and talk about one God. Right. I remember when I first saw one God, I saw Jesus Christ was almighty God. Right. That's right. Amen. Come on. He was almighty God. That's right. I told you when I was a Baptist, I had him so much God. I was more wondous than I was. Trinity, I guess, cuz I had him so much God that I didn't believe he could stomp his toe. I give you scripture cuz the Bible said he bury him up lest he dashed his foot against the stone. See, I made him too human. I mean, too God and not enough human. But now I'm trying to divide. Listen. I'm trying to talk about what you first saw. And brother Gary and I were talking one time years ago and he said, "I see God in man." I said, "You can't see him in man till you see him in Jesus." Right? Yeah, but I see him in man. I said, "You can't see him. You first see him in Jesus." All right. When I first started, I saw him in Jesus as one true and living God. But you know, it took years for me to be able to talk about Christ in his church by revelation. I never saw it when I first started. Did you? I don't know. When you first seen it, you seen Jesus Christ as Almighty God. Then you begin to go on to perfection, climbing in understanding. And then you begin to see, hey, that same God is living in me. That's right. And I'm part of him. Right. Amen. A vast difference between the two. That's right. But you know what? Now the one God and I saw, well, it's what? Perfect. But there was just more perfect needed to be added. That's right. Amen. to the perfect. Are you listening? That's right. All right. Maybe I preached long enough until you lost the definition. So, I'll preach a little bit. You said, "Brother D, would you do that?" Yep. I just read you a definition. [Music] And how many of you caught it? Perfect. If we're in Christ Jesus, we're perfect. Right. If Christ is in us by the new birth, we're perfect. But perfection has to do with growth, development. That's right. But it has to do with something else that the people are leaving out. So, pull it back up, brother Joe. Hebrews 6. Therefore, leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ let us go to perfection, not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works and faith toward God. Remember the definition of perfect is dealing with perfect man full age brought to its end finished wanting nothing necessary to completeness perfect that which is perfect. All right. But look at the definition of perfection. Has nothing to do with you. Perfection has nothing to do with you and I. That's right. Did you catch that when we read it? It refers to a perfector. It don't refer to me and you. Faith refers to you and I because God is living in us. Amen. But when God comes living in us, it have no more reflection to you and I. A perfector, one who has in his own person. Think about Jesus. Raise faith to its perfection. You know what the Bible says that talking to Jesus says being made perfect, he reached his completeness. That's right. Right. Right. Right. He reached his completeness. He was made perfect. He was changed. He became the author of them. But look, a perfector. One has one who has in his own person raised faith to its perfection. And so sets before us the highest example of faith. Perfection don't have anything to do with you and I. That's right. perfect really don't because it's him. Right. Right. But then when he comes and lives in us, right? It's referencing to the perfector. That's right. That's the difference between perfect and perfection. Right. Perfection brings you to a completeness, sound and done, finished already. But completion means the perfector himself has come within you in this last days through the revealed word. How is it that I preach to you? You get born again at faith. How do you get these? How do you get these virtues? I just need them. Please tell me how you got it. I like them. Yeah. When brother Ro preached that 1971-72 I asked him that question. I said now how can I claim unto these things? It was about 1980 when the Lord spoke to me. And he said only by the word that is revealed to you can these virtues come into being. Amen. Into you. Amen. Right. That's right. Right. Right. Because it's his faith. It's his virtue. It's his knowledge. It's his temperance given to you. But then when it's given to you, it becomes your faith, your virtue, your knowledge, your temperance. Right. Yep. Amen. You remember what we were bringing out there Wednesday night. First it was God's talk. It's not word. Then it became Moses thought, not word. Then Moses spoke it. Mhm. It became word. Right. That's right. He traveling going on. He is not dealing with perfect because you can't add anything to it. No. Right. It's dealing with the growth development of the word and dealing with the perfector himself inside of you. Right. See, the one who has in his own person able one person ever done that. That's right. All right. Now, follow me then. That was the Lord Jesus Christ, right? He raised in his faith to perfection so that he could bring us an example. Okay. Now, is that not what happened to the prophet? Now, he didn't become the perfector. No, he's not God. That's right. That's right. But he did reach the height and development. Yes. That we could see the maturity. Yes. And desire and long to be into that. That's right. But it couldn't have been there unless he had a first attained unto it. That's right. Cuz the Bible says there must be the first come to the husband must be first partaker of the fruit. The brother Random had to be partaker of the revelation before he could tell us the revelation. So then why would we argue about the Let's do one more. All right, let's go pick up the word perfection from the Old Testament. Job 11:7. Brother Joe, brother Anderson, I keep calling him Brother Joe. Look what it says in the Old Testament about the word perfection. Job 11:7. Can't thou by searching find out God? Can't thou find out the Almighty unto perfection? In other words, can you do it? That word means perfection, consummation, completion or completeness. It means end. All right. All right. Now, this is Old Testament definition. Now, here's a New Testament definition. Hebrews 7:11. If therefore perfection were by the Levitical priesthood, look, look at the definition of that. Performance, perfection, a completing, a perfecting, fulfillment, accomplishment, the event which verifies the promise. Same basic meaning, the old to the new. perfection. It's dealing with the God that's within you, right? You must have the new birth before you can start talking about growth, development in the stature of a perfect man. That's sensible, isn't it? Yes. And it takes the opening of the word to bring us up to the stature of a perfect man. Yes. It's not because you come into the message today and you say, "Well, I need I need brotherly kind." Well, I got it. I love everybody. Just don't cross me. Yeah. And then when he do say, "Well, that's not me. That's my flesh." You know, but you see, perfection is dealing with the the perfector himself. That's true. Dwelling in you. Yes. Whereas perfect is the state the perfector has made you in by the new birth. Amen. Are you following it? Yes. So now you need to take the statue of perfect man, which we will, the Lord willing, Wednesday night, and just go through it. Amen. All right. But remember what I told you cuz it bothered me for until about 1980. You say, "Well, we need, you know, we need knowledge." Well, we just study the message. I read six books, have done it, and listened to two tapes in one day. Pretty good knowledge, right? And you know, at that time, I didn't even claim the new birth. People say, "Brother Dale, you not been a quoter." That's what they said when the computer came out. One brother said to the other one, "Cuz a man heard it." He said, "We got the computer now. We can quote with brother Dale." Well, why didn't they read the message? Why didn't they study the message? If they studied the message, they could have quoted women without the computer. I didn't need the computer to quote. The computer has been a a hindrance to me in one form. A lot of times I can't find in the computer what I'm looking for, right? But I got my books up on the wall that I've read and I got a decent memory to where I could say that's I was out in Kansas and I quoted him as in the second seal of being in the fourth. So I missed two seals. Yeah. Same book, right? I quoted him something. A lot of times I'll go up to the message and say, "God, I can't find it, but I know where that's in that book." Lay it down, open it up, and find out they changed the wording just a little bit. And they changed the paragraphs just a little bit. You know what I'm talking about. The old seal book, you can't read the new seal book. The old seal book will take the same page numbers. They're not the same. That's right. But listen folks, why haven't we wanted to study the message, right? And why condemn someone who that's all they done? Well, you get nothing with intellect. Well, all right. If I'm just an intellect, at least I got the seed planted, right? Where's your Walmart experience? Yeah. You said, "Brother D, you're not saying that. You know what I'm talking about. Instead of spending their time studying and praying before God, they're out running after all this other stuff, right? Traveling about preaching instead of sitting down listening. God, I ain't saying nothing. I'm just saying why would you say I'm an intellect? What's wrong? Is Brother R intellect? If I tell you what he said, does that make him one? That's why it just tears your heart out. I quit. I went totally off the field years ago in Canada that I said I ain't going nowhere else. I just it just ripped my heart out talking to a man. He said, "Come down preach for me." And I said, "Well, tell me when." He said, "Well, I want to tell you I want two or three weeks where I can study before you get there." I come home crying. My wife can tell you I come home crying about it. Oh, you want to study the message before I come? Is it like brother Brandham that he could stand up with his sermon and call out your sins and the lines would get empty when he started calling them out? But see, church, I'm trying to depend upon the perfector. Right. Right. To bring me to perfection. Amen. By the new birth, I'm perfect. Right. But I want to go on. That's right. As Paul said, Paul wanted to go on to a change of the body. He even said it there in the scripture. He said, "I might have resurrection from among the dead." Paraphrasing close. Brother Run said he wanted an out resurrection. Right. He said out from among the doctrines around him. Right. Right. Right. First service we right here in this church I preach. Let's go on going beyond man's camp. People have counted down on doctrines and ideas. Let's go on church. Right. For 40 years I've tried to go home to get you to see the message. Amen. Not a six and seven sermon that every day you're perfect, you good and this that and the other. Then the next day tell you ain't worth nothing. It's to go on. That's right. I try to keep something in front of you to for you to where it'll it'll encourage you to study. That's right. Encourage you to think on these things. Not just saying we're in the message that's killing the people. How many is it killing you? Right. start off a billy full in the morning that evening it's flat. Yeah. Well, brother Well, brother. Mhm. You wouldn't have done it 20 years ago. Right. Tell me you would 20 years ago, you wouldn't miss service for nothing. In a lot of them times listening to false doctrine. Mhm. Right. But you had a zeal. Now you've lost your zeal. Has it been my fault? Let's go on to perfection. Amen. Let's get a few quotes from what the prophet had to say. [Music] This is 1963 318 first seal paragraph 79. Now watch out. These are the things that he's talking about on going to perfection. If the church had been judged and they have judged themselves, if the church has been judged and they have judged themselves and have accepted the blood, how can God judge a man that's perfectly totally sinless? You say there's no such person ever born again believer. I read it this morning, right? True believer is perfectly absolutely sinless before God. He's not trusting in his works and the blood of Jesus Christ that his confession dropped into the Bible says. He that that is born of God does not commit sin, for he cannot sin. How can you make a man a sinner when he when the bleach of the blood of Jesus Christ is between him and God? That which scatter sin till there is there be nothing left of it. See, how can that pure blood of Christ ever let a sin pice dark? He cannot. The prophet on the token message, he said he can't impute sin over the token. All right. Jesus said you be therefore perfect union as your father in heaven is perfect. And how can we even start the thought of being perfect? But Jesus required it and Jesus required it. He's got to make a way for it. He has to he and he has his own blood. Now he made a way for us to be perfect. He's got to make a way for somebody to attain perfection. Amen. Are you listening? Yes, sir. Did you get the definitions between the two words? Now, it's reperfection we're talking about. It's not just getting into the body of Christ. This is not the age to just become a Christian. Now, come on, folks. You got to do that to start, right? This is the age to come to full maturity, adoption, etc. Right? And where's the preachers preaching it to their congregation? That's right. It's up to you. Look at the Hebrew book. Hebrews prayer 106. Hebrews chapter 5 and 6 number one. It's like a one which means there other parts of it. 5798 the morning service. Let's go on to perfection. Oh my. We're coming into the tabernacle. Not the foundation. The tabernacle. The tabernacle itself. That's the foundation of the law and the righteousness and and and joining church and being baptized and laying on hands. Them is all orders of the church. But let's go on to perfection. And there's only one that is perfected. That's Jesus. He's the only one perfected. Let's go on into Jesus. The opening of the word. All right. Same message. Paragraph 21:14 talking about Jacob's ladder right up to the foot of the cross. They're laying down their sins and saying, now this is what people we should pray this. Lord, it's too much for me. I just can't bear it any longer. And will you take away my lot of sin and take the desire out of my heart to do so? And let me by faith this day receive you as my personal savior. And from hence forth I'll follow you every mile of the way to the end of the journey. I catch a glimpse of what it means to go on to perfection. Not going into church and the roots of dead works like baptisms and so forth. But I want to go on until I can be no more and Christ can live in me. Amen. Is that your desire? Amen. That's what going on to perfection is. Taking perfect and going on to more perfect. Right. Right. Right. Till you reach perfection. Same message. No, excuse me. That's number one. That's number two. Hebrews chapter 6. Number two, paragraph 262 5798. The evening service. He's reading the scriptures, believing the principles. Now, we got that this morning. How that we are perfected. Perfected. absolutely spotless and blameless. Not one sin on us. Are you above temptation? Never. Do you sin every day? Yes, sir. But yet, we are perfected because we are in him. And God could no more judge us than nothing. Couldn't be righteous. He's already judged us in him. When he judged Christ, he judged me. He judged you. and he can't judge me again because he took my judgment if I've been redeemed. And he talks about the ticket in the pawn shop. He said, "No, yes, sir. No more judgment. He that heareth my words and believeth on him that sent me has eternal life and shall never come to the judgment, but has passed from death unto life." That's my ticket. He gave the promise. out of that same message, part two there. Hebrews chapter 6, paragraph 279. Paul said, let's go on to perfection. Now, we're talking about perfected. And if you'll run this down now, I may preach on it next, but if not, we'll just give it to you. The Bible said, "He hath perfected those that are sanctified." Right? Amen. Now, when a man was sanctified, was he perfect? No. No. Wasn't perfect till got new birth. That's right. So he got me pointing down a second stage. His way was bringing out the three stages of justification. Three stages of sanctification. He has perfected those who are sanctified. He has perfected those who are in the body who want to walk after a sanctified life. Amen. Perfected high tense of perfect means it's complete and done. Paul said, "Let's go on to per let us let's go on to perfection." Now, we're talking about perfected. And if you run this down, you'll find out that perfected is the elected. I like that. I'll prove it to you in a few minutes by the Bible. It's the elected who God before the foundation of the world seen every one of them. And he sent Jesus to redeem that people, not the whole world. He wanted to, but he had to make a way for those. And the only way he could do was to send Christ that he might come the perpetuation of our sins that those who have been elected, he could bring to him in glory. Right now listen, he just took a major step in going on to perfection because he just explained in one little paragraph how the perfector come to pay our price. Come on, read it. He just said it. You read it off of there. He just brought it to show us the perfector made a way. Not to just save us. Right. But to bring us to perfection, right? Right. But how could you teach that to Paul? I mean to uh to Luther. He was perfect in his revelation. But how could you tell him of the things? He had no way to understand it. He didn't have a background of the prophet's message. Right. To understand, but you and I are supposed to. That's right. That's right. I explain a lot of things to you that in a way it hurts my heart to have to explain it. But I realize that other people out there on the internet are also listening. Brother Reed said, "Brother Dell, remember the people that are listening don't have the background your people have. Don't try to explain yourself." I spent a lot of time trying to explain it. But come to find out, probably I'm explaining it here more than I am anywhere else. See, I should be able to walk out here and say, "Brothers and sisters, I want you to realize God just showed me I'm perfect. I saw him while ago. Yeah, Zach could say he whipped me one day cuz he said that's the only one grandkid. I have spanked Hannah, so he's not the only one anymore. But one day I boy I really hit him so hard until it probably dusted the see the end of his britches, you know. And it hurt his feelings. But listen, don't you think it's time we go on to perfection? Amen. We studied the one God. We studied the water baptism. We've looked at these doctrines that come around the land and didn't fool with them. What? We studied all of them. The two sold seven under Virgin Perusia. I tried to study them out. Why? Because I wanted to know if it was true. But I also wanted to know how to tell people that it wasn't true. But that's dead reform, right? Cuz all those doctrines are dead. Yes. I don't care how much I quote the prophet. That's right. It's dead. He said, "Well, you think you're the only one that got it?" I believe the bride around the world has got brother Brandon's ministry. That's right. Around the world. That's right. But I believe it's getting very scarce about how many they are. That's right. Amen. As honest as I can say. Yes, sir. Amen. Sorry. So, if you say you think you're the only one, I'm the only one I know. That's right. Did that get it? Cuz I don't know. Wait. All right. I believe him. I believe he believes everything I say, you know, through the message and what, but still he can deceive me. But I know myself. I'm the only person that I know in the world that's saved today. You know what? You better be able to say that cuz if not, you're doubting your own salvation. If you think somebody else is capable of being saved when you're not, you're doubting your salvation and you don't have it by faith. That's right. Amen. Is that any problem? Just being an honest heart. That's right. I'm saying thanks. Let's get to the last one. This is still Hebrews chapter 6 part 2 paragraph 10301 1957 908 the evening service. Now he's beginning to talk about what is it? Let's go on to perfection. Now he said not carnal laying the foundation here of doctrines and baptism and reformations and so forth. Let's not do that. Let's go on to perfection. The subject is perfection and perfection comes by Christ. And how did we get in Christ? By joining the church. By one spirit we're all baptized into one body. Not by one tongue talking in one hand shook in one water baptized in but by one spirit we're baptized into one body. You get it? That's the perfection. Now let me finish this. Brother Brandham when he was preaching that in 57 he knew there was more word to come. All right. He knew the seals had not been broken. He knew those things maybe to partial understanding, but he knew that there was more to come. He gets up to 62 spoken words, original seed. Says, "As of yet Malachi 4 is not fulfilled cuz that's what the Holy Spirit told him." That's right. The seals broke to the prophet. What did he do? Yeah. He went into perfection. I'm getting a pop in the cracking for some reason, but it's not. The prophet of God went on in through the opening of the word, right? He went on to perfection. That's right. He was, as we read, a living example. of faith for you and I to follow. Amen. There's many people died, many ministers, many great men who have lived and walked in the realms of a lot of things that died and went on before us because they had reached their place, right? Amen. Their position, their perfection, cuz that was as far as they could go. See, once Martin Luther had preached the just shall live by faith, he had to pass off. Not immediately, but you know what I'm talking about. Cuz that was all he was to bring. That's right. He was not to bring sanctification or he would have brought it. Now, I'm not saying he didn't preach sanctification. Sure. But see, he had to die and go by the grave. Right. Our prophet preached those things unto us. He had to go by the grave. Right. He's waiting on you and I to reach perfection. Amen. That's right. Through the revealed word. Right. Well, bless God, brother D. I've been in the message 40 years. Well, hallelujah. How long's the message been in you? Amen. A lot of differences in two statements. That's right. But I hope you understand the difference in perfect and perfection. Perfect is a state that God makes you and I by the faith that we have to believe that he died in our place and gave us the new birth. Right. Perfection brings to the point then that it reflects upon that one that's within us, the reflector within us to be able to bring into us his nature, his being, his word, to be able to bring us to perfection. Right. Right. Then we can walk off the earth. Right. You see the difference? Yes. Christ in you, the hope of glory. I do. But what we saw 40 years ago, you know what it is? It's partial realization. That's right. That's right. Yep. Earnest. That's right. Foundation. Yep. Okay. Compared to what we see today, right? Yes. Amen. through the opening of the word. That's right. Going on to perfection. Amen. See, Paul couldn't go on because he had to die and go by the grave. Yes. He went on because he taught deeper things. He got into the Hebrews and said these things I can't even speak to you about. He taught the uh Melchzdc and who he was. Yeah. He taught those things after the Hebrews 6 experience cuz Hebrews 7:1 right through Lisha 6 and 7. when he begins to talk of mechanic and who he was and the thing he went on to great perfection in his day to bring those things and went on to speak of a say we'd be changed in a moment in the twink of an eye that come by the revealed word right out of the man's heart until he would speak it up like I was trying to tell you Wednesday Paul caught that thought from God and brought it down that we'd be changed in a moment in the twinkle of an eye but he couldn't attain unto it right so we had to go by the grave and wait on somebody somebody's going to reach perfection. Amen. Amen. And we're going to walk off this earth. Amen. You know when I told you 30, 40 years ago, there's no reflection wrong. I wish to God you'd let me say what I say without church. I said a lot of us ain't going to be able to stand and make the change. That's true. the moment the twinkle of an eyes my finger the chains the change you know they'll go out won't be able to make it I may be one of them until that time people are going to go by the grave but somebody's going to stand one day amen and say I am changed right that's right and they'll be changed and you know what if I go by the grave that's the guy I'm waiting on right lady sister. That's right. Cuz you sisters have your part, right? We just going on. Been my goal ever since I started here, July 4th, 1971, is to go on. Go on, not go out after all these doctrines. But go on in God. Amen. To where that we can believe the prophet's message. Somebody's going to be changed. Right. I just I'm going to believe I'm one of them. That's right. You know what the prophet said? It's not up to you to say, "I believe brother Dale's going to make it." He said, "You're doubting your own experience." Right? I'm quoting him. Paraphrase it. Maybe it's our Amen. But he said, "You got to say if there's anybody in the state of Georgia going, right? I am the one." Amen. Brother Dale can tag along, but I'm the one. You believe it? Amen. Amen. That's simple, ain't it? Let's stand. How much more deeper could you think that simple? But you know what? It's so simple. It goes over because you know what's got to be revealed. One of these days I'm going to preach on why I started this service this series. Cuz if you can't believe you're just as righteous as God is by being in Jesus Christ, you're lost. Right. Right. Brother Dale, maybe not lost to death, but lost in understanding. A lot of the Bible is good statements. A lot of prophets message is good statements. What we need is a revelation. Amen. What do we got? 396 in the red book. 396 in the red book. You believe it? The world is better. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Are you here? Don't let me say what you say. Sorry. All right. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Say what he said. standing for her daughter. She's in the hospital. She got a blood clot in her lung. So, let's just be taking care of what's her name. So, let's just pray. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Let's get out of the way. You believe something. You have a right to say it. It's your book. That's right. I said the other night it said Malachi 4, behold I send you. They say family. Come on. No problem. I'm saying what the Bible said. No. He said I said you got rid [Applause] Oh, heat, [Applause] heat. [Applause] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. He said it. You keep saying what he said in that reflection I'm talking about inside of us. He can then come out of us and make money. They always wonder how million people in the world. Everybody said ain't nobody got every on my way to perfection and on my way Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music]
