################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-05-01 - 16-0501am - The Brides Inheritance Pt.1 - Ernie Villanueva - Ernie Villanueva.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2016-05-01
Title:    16-0501am - The Brides Inheritance Pt.1 - Ernie Villanueva
Speaker:  Ernie Villanueva
Church:   Spoken Word Church
Type:     Easter Program
Duration: 1h 44m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvEm-jEs1M0
========================================

Description:
1) 60-0518  ADOPTION.2_  JEFFERSONVILLE.IN  AD.2  WEDNESDAY_
«  132       †        There you are, entering into this promised land. How do we get into it? We are predestinated to it, the church, by the foreknowledge of God. Has been predestinated to what? To His honor, by His grace, to the glory and worship and glory of God. Papa, setting back there in the beginning, self-existent, nothing around Him, wanted something to worship, so He foreordained and predestinated a church, and before the foundation of the world, and put their names in the Lamb's Book of Life when they was slain before the foundation of the world, that they might appear to His glory and to His praises at the end of time, when will gather all things in that one Man, Christ Jesus. Whew. Glory. That's it. That's just... And that's it right there, my brother, sister. Don't you never move from that.

«  133       †        God by His election grace called you. God by His election grace sanctified you. God by His election grace and His power baptized you and put you into this land of rest. They which have entered into this rest has ceased from their going astray. They ceased from their works like God did from His. They have joy unspeakable and full of glory. The Tree of Life is blooming in them. They have long-suffering, gentle, goodness, patience, faith--faith--faith, meekness, gentleness, and so forth. The Tree of Life is blooming in them because their hope is anchored in Christ Jesus, the witness of the Holy Ghost bearing record with signs and wonders following the believers. "These signs shall follow them that believe." As they go along, they heal the sick; they cast out devils; they speak with tongues; they see visions. They... And they walk with God; they talk with God. No devil can move them; they're steadfast, looking for Eternal Life. Forgetting those things that are in the past, they press towards the mark of the high calling in Christ Jesus. There they are. There you are. That's that church.

...
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
But Jesus came into my heart and the gates of the city beyond I can see. Since Jesus came into my heart. Says Jesus came into my heart. Says Jesus came into my heart. Bloods of joy or my soul like the sea below ro since Jesus came into my heart and I shall go there to dwell in that city I know says Jesus came into my heart and I'm happy so happy as onward I go since Jesus came into my heart. Says Jesus came into my heart. Says Jesus came into my heart. Floods of joy or my soul like the sea below roll. Unless Jesus came into my heart, I shall go there to dwell in that city. I know since Jesus came into my heart and I'm happy, so happy as word I go since Jesus came into my heart. says Jesus came into my heart. Says Jesus came into my heart. Floods of joy or my soul like the sea billows roar says Jesus came into my heart. Amen. That's a wonderful thing, isn't it? Let's all stand at this time and I'll ask brother Collie if he'll come with responsive reading. Amen. Good morning everyone. Good morning. Bless the Lord that we're able to be here again. Amen. And you know, Satan rages. We all sometime think that we're above the things that he bring against us, but we're not. He's going to attack us continually. So, but we have one that will deliver us. And so, Amen. Just keep looking to him and he'll bring us through. Right. Amen. Amen. We're going to read this morning from Psalm 34. I guess read 1-22. Amen. Let us pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you so much. Love all that you have done for us, Lord. All that you are doing. We know that every thing that Satan bring against us that we have a deliverer. And so let us look forth unto him and never give up. Yes. For he so loved this world that he gave his only begotten son. He came and he suffered upon Calvary. Lord that we might have deliverance. And let us just reach out and accept it and believe. Remember those that are standing this morning in the Sunday school classes. just bless them that they may receive strong strength of Jesus Christ in their hearts and their lives. Lord, we ask you to remember brother Ern this morning. Father, just bless him in a special way that whatsoever he pray Lord will be that which we have need of and we thank you in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Hallelujah. Going to read Psalm 34. I will bless the Lord at all times. His praise shall continually be in my mouth. My soul shall make her boast in the Lord. The humble shall hear and be glad. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and let us exalt his name together. I sought the Lord and he heard me and delivered me from all my fears. They looked unto him and were lightning and their faces were not ashamed. This man cried, and the Lord heard him and saved him out of all his troules. The angel of the Lord encamped them round about that fear him and delivered them. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Blessed is the man that trusteth in him. Oh, fear the Lord, ye his saints, for there is no want to them that fear him. The young doer hunger, but they that seek the Lord shall not want any good thing. Come ye children, hearken unto me. I will teach you the fear of the Lord. manire of life and love many days that he may see good. Keep thy tongue from evil and thy lips from speaking gown. Depart evil and do good. Seek peace and pursue it. The eyes of the Lord are upon the righteous and his ears are open unto their cry. The face of the Lord is against them that do evil to cut off the remeance of them from the earth. The righteous cry and the Lord heareth their hearth and deliverth them out of all their troubles. Lord of heart. Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord deliverth them out of them all. Evil shall slay the wicked, and they that hate the righteous shall be desolate. The Lord redeemth the soul of his servants, and none of them that trust in him shall be desolate. Amen. God bless you. May be seated. Let's look at number 665. Oh yes, I'm a child of the king. Amen. Once I was clothed in the wrath of my sin, wretched and poor, lost and lonely within, but with wondrous compassion, the King of All kings impunity and great love took me under his wings. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king and his royal blood now flows through my veins. And I who was wretched and vi now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. Well, I'm a child of the King. Now I'm a child with a heavenly home. and my holy father. He has made me his own. And now I'm cleansed by his blood. And I'm clothed in his love. And someday I'll sing with the angels above. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king and his royal blood. It now flows through my veins. And I who was wretched and vile now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. Well, I'm a child of the king. Amen. Let's look over to 675. 675 in the spiral book. Years I spent in vanity and pride, caring not my Lord was crucified, knowing not it was for me he died on Calary. Mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. And there my burden soul found liberty at Calary. By God's word and last my sin I learned. Then I tremble at the law. I burned till my ghost singles soaring turn to Calary. Oh mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. There my burden soul found liberty at Calary. [Music] Now I've given to Jesus everything. Now I gladly own him as my king. Now my rapture soul can only sing. Of calary. Oh mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. And there my burden so found liber at Calary. [Music] Oh the love that drew salvation's plan. Oh the grace that brought it down to man. Oh, the mighty of death God did spend at Calary. Oh, mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. And there my burden soul found liber at Calary. By God's word at last my sin I learned. Then I tremble at the law I' burned. Feel my guilty soul imploring turn to Calary. Oh mercy there was grain and grace was free. Lord and there was multiplied to me and there my burden soul found liberty at Calary. Oh mercy there was great and grace was free. heart and there was multiplied to me. And there my burden soul found liberty at Calary. Amen. Ain't that wonderful? Let's turn back over to number seven. When the redeemed are gathering in I am thinking of the rapture in our blessed home on high. When the redeemed are gathering in, I will raise the heavenly asm in that city in the sky. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, washed like snow and free from all sin. I will shout, I will sing when the redeemed are gathering in. For there will be a great procession over on the streets of gold when three redee are gathering in. Oh what music or what singing or that city will be roll when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, washed like snow and free from sin. Oh, I will sh I will sing with redeemed are gathering in. Saints will sing redemption story with their voices clear and strong. When the redeemed are gathering in then the angels all will listen for they cannot join that song. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh when the redeemed are gathering in wash like snow and free mos. Oh, I will shout. I will sing when reading are gathering in. Then the Savior will give orders to prepare the banquet board. When the redeemed are gathering in, and we'll hear his invitation, come ye blessed of the Lord. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, washed like snow and free from all sin. I will shout, I will sing. When the redeemed are gathering in, then the Savior will give orders to prepare the banquet board when the redeemed are gathering in. And we'll hear his invitation. Come ye blessed awful Lord. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, washed like snow and free from all sin. Oh, how well shout, I will sing. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, washed like snow and free from all sin. Oh, how we'll shout, how we'll sing when the redeemed are gathering in. Amen. Let's look right across the page. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. As I journey through the land, singing as I go, pointing souls to Calvary to the crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from withoutin. But my Lord leads me on. Through him I must win. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass at last. ever to rejoice when in service for my Lord. Dark may be the night, but I'll cling more close to him. He will give me light. Satan's snares may vex my soul. Turn my thoughts aside. But my Lord goes ahead, leaves whatever behind. Oh, I want to see him and look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Tears all pass home at last, ever to rejoice. When in valleys low, I look toward the mountain high. And behold my savior there leading in the fight with a tender hand stretch toward the valley low. Oh, he's guiding me and I can see as I onward go. Oh, I want to see him look upon his face. There seems forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice. When before me pillows rise from the mighty deep, then my Lord directs my bark. He does safely keep. And he leads me gently on through this world below. Oh, he's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so. Oh, I want to see him look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass home at last. Ever to rejoice. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass. Home at last. Ever to rejoice. Amen. Amen. Never to rejoice. Always. Amen. Good to see everybody in the house of the Lord. We're glad to have some visitors with us and we're glad to have some that are not visitors with us because we have a thing here. Brother Trevor has been here before. I know years ago seemed like, but anyhow, uh we have a little thing we say when you come the first time, you're a visitor and we say welcome. And if you come back again, you don't get a welcome because you're part of us. So, Brother Herman Darling back there, him and his family and all, they've all been with us. So, you know, that's just part of the family. We don't have anything. Brother Luke and all of them, but glad to have brother Trevor and some of his family, I'm sure, has never been here before. So, we say to you, welcome. Amen. It's a good thing to uh see new faces and smiling faces of those that we'll spend eternity with. That's right. That's a wonderful thing, isn't it? Amen. Remember, now the the Bible study will be this coming Saturday. So come and be with us six o'clock. Remember the announcements. Then to remember the fellowship meeting will be the third Saturday over at brother Tom Kershain in Sweetwater, Tennessee. So you got to let us know if you're going with us or whatever to do, you know, where we can make arrangements. All right. But we're glad to have brother Ernie Villan Noeo with us this morning to and this afternoon to minister unto us. And I know he has a great testimony about the Lord healing him and taking him through the things that, you know, that he has had to to suffer through. But, you know, God always does it. He takes us through. And then we have a glorious time shouting to victory cuz we never did have any troubles. You know, it wouldn't be any fun, would it? Because you wouldn't never have nothing to get over if you never had troubles. But when you do have troubles and things, you get over them, you can say, "Thank you, Lord." Amen. You know, it's great. All right, let's just sing. Open the eyes of my heart as brother Ernie Villoeva comes to minister the word of the Lord unto me. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. Yes, I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. To see you. I lied up. Shining in the light of glory. to power and love as we sing. Glory, glory, glory. I am lifted up. Shine in the light of my glory. Your power and life. Sing to glory, holy, holy and holy. Amen. Holy, holy, holy. You are holy, holy, holy. Yes, you're holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Amen. You know, a a lot of people their goal in life, they want to be happy. But I I like that song that we were just singing because the only thing that's greater than happiness is holiness. And I think I'm getting a little sound feedback here. Is Is that Is that normal? Yeah, you're good. Huh? You're good. Okay, good. Well, I want to say how happy I am to be here and uh I'd like to bring greetings from Brother Biscll and all the saints up in Cloverdale and all the churches that I've had the opportunity to travel with in Georgia on the trip. They've all said to They all asked you where you going. They want to know who, what, when, where, and why. And so when I told them I was coming down here, they all said to say hello to you and God bless you. And uh I I just want to give my testimony that I am the happiest person that you have ever met in your entire life. And uh we go through trials in our life. And like brother Sam was saying, if you didn't have problems, then you wouldn't have anything to overcome. And uh the the wonderful thing to know is that if you have received the revelation of this message, your real problem is over and that is where you're going to spend eternity. And uh you know, if if you've got that, it it doesn't matter what the devil throws at you. And brother Brandham said he's a good adversary, but in the message, The Greatest Battle Ever Fought, Brother Brandham told us how to fight our enemy. And uh it wasn't all in one paragraph, but through that book, he says, "Cut them, chop them, whack them, maim them, slice them, kill them." He said, "Don't don't like the to see how long you can make the battle last." He said, he said, you know, "Hit them right at the beginning. Don't go after him with a .22 rifle. Just drop the atomic bomb." And we've got the atomic bomb. We've got thus sayaeth the Lord. Amen. And uh when you've got thus sayeth the Lord on your side, you can walk with the bounce in your step or you can just walk down. I got the token. I got the token inside of me. Amen. And uh so I I want to just go right into the into the word for a second. And I would like to speak today on the bride's inheritance. And I'd like to uh I won't be able to cover it all this morning, but I'll cover part this morning. in part this afternoon and I'd like to turn to the book of Zechariah and chapter 4 in verse one Zechariah chapter 4 verse one before we read let's Pray. Father, you know what's in my heart. You know what's in every heart that is here in divine presence. And I pray Lord that as a result of our gathering today and what's going to be said and what you will do Father that you would expand the borders of our supernatural horizons that we would be able to see with a greater clarity with a precision vision of who we are of what you have done for us what you have called us for and what we are here to do. Father, Lord, I pray that you would help each one of us, especially myself. Pray that you would deliver all people from fear, from bondage, from anxiety, from confusion, that they might enter into this service with praise and thanksgiving, with joy in their hearts. For we know the joy of the Lord is our strength, Father. Lord, help each one have your divine purpose and plan accomplished in each life. We ask in your precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Zechariah 4 and verse one. And the angel that talked with me again, that angel that talked with me came again, and wake me as a man that is wakened out of his sleep, and said unto me, What seeest thou? And I said, I have looked, and behold, a candlestick all of gold with a bowl upon the top of it, and there seven lamps thereon, and seven pipes to the seven lamps which are upon the top thereof, and two olive trees by it, one upon the right side of the bowl, and the other upon the left side thereof. So I answered, and spake to the angel that talked with me, saying, What are these, my lord? Then the angel that talked with me answered and said unto me, "Knowest thou? Knowest thou not what these be?" And I said, "No, my lord." Then he answered and spake unto me, saying, This is the word of the Lord unto Zerubabel, saying, Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, sayeth the Lord of hosts. Who art thou, oh great mountain before Zerubabel? Thou shalt become a plain, and he shall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings, crying, grace, grace unto it. Moreover, the Lord came unto me, saying, The hand of Zerubabel have laid the foundation of his house. His His hand shall also finish it, and thou shalt know that the Lord of hosts has sent me unto you. For who despise the day of small things? For they shall rejoice, and shall see the plummet in the hand of Zerubbabel with those seven. They are the eyes of the Lord, which run to and fro, the whole earth. Then answered I, and said unto him, What are these two olive trees upon this the right side of the candlestick, and upon the left side thereof? And I answered again and said unto him, "What be these two olive branches which through the two golden pipes empty the golden oil out of themselves?" And he answered me and said, "Knowest thou not what these be?" And I said, "No, my Lord." Then said he, "These are the two anointed ones that stand by the house of the whole earth." God bless you. You may have your seats. You know, it's wonderful to see how your how your church has grown and progressed and uh you know, God has put great gifts amongst you, gifts of ministry, gifts of technology. You're blessed to have a projector where you can see the word being projected, you can see the quotes being projected. and uh and your church has had a great a great effect worldwide as a result of your website and the gifts that God has given uh brother Joe and and the other brothers that work in that that area and uh you know your pastor is a dear dear friend of mine and every time I come to Georgia I always look forward to being with brother Sam and sister Peggy and their family. I love being in their home. Their home all when I walk into that home, there is always a supernatural atmosphere in that home. And I can just come and I just I just feel like I can just come and sit and rest. And uh and and my bed is always real comfortable. And there's always about 12 pillows on the bed. When I lay down, I don't know what to what to do with most of them. So, but uh it it's just such a pleasure to know what we know, see what we see, and hear what we hear. Because in in Georgia today, just just take one state out of 50 states, and this is one country out of almost 200 countries in the world. And you you think about the number of sermons that'll be preached in churches, right? All kind of denominations, all kind of cults and clans. And the people, they come to church and they expect to hear something that's going to be a blessing to him. And the minister or the preacher, whoever it is, he throughout the week, he studies, maybe he gets some good illustrations, maybe he he quotes the word, and uh some wonderful things are said and the people, you know, they're blessed. And there there is an anointing in in many of these churches. I can tell you when I was in the Baptist church, there was an anointing in that church. And uh I can't say there was anointing in the cath the holy anointing in the Catholic church cuz that's the highest form of spiritualism there is. And and so uh you know I always say you know it's oxymoron to say that I backslid from the highest form of spiritualism that there is in the earth. But here I was in the Catholic church nine years of Catholic school seven years an alter boy and I backslid from that into the world. It was the best thing that ever happened to me because then I got lost and I had to find out that I needed to get saved and and I I did meet the Lord in the Baptist church and then I went to the Assembly of God church and there was such a powerful anointing in this church that they had five services because it was a great big church and uh and I used to go to all five services because the anointing was so great and the singing was so great. It was like going to a concert, you know, a supernatural concert. And the preaching was good and I was able to meet a lot of wonderful people. And so from there uh you know coming out of Pentecost into United Pentecostal and I thought finally you know I have found the bride of Jesus Christ because they believe they're the bride and we call what we believe the message. They call what they believe the truth. And so, uh, but but I I can tell you we've got a United Pentecostal church not too far from where I live. And there's a whole bunch of of these women that walking around the streets, and if they ever see a real message believer, they run the other way. Cuz their pastor has told them, they said, "Don't you get around any of those Brandommites." And the the brother that had witnessed to me, uh, when I first asked him about Brother Brandham, he said, "Oh, boy, brother Ernie, watch that serpent seed. Don't let it get you. So that was the warning and that's the warning. That's the thing that they put out to keep people away from our assembly. They said they believe that that that that that Eve had had a relations with the serpent. And that really scares people because, you know, unless somebody's able to take them through the Bible, you know, verse by verse by verse and show them the serpent all the way through the Bible, the Revelation, that does sound a little, you know, a little strange. And so, uh, you know, so all these churches that have services and the pastors that preach. Now, if we just take Georgia, that'd be tens of thousands. If we took the America, there'd be millions. If we took the world, there'd be tens of millions or or maybe more. But one thing that I know is that not one of those services, not one of those messages will ever produce a new birth. Right. outside of the message because brother Brandham said there's only one evidence that somebody truly has received the baptism of the Holy Ghost and that is if they have can receive the revelation of the message for their day and manifest the life. That's the key. And we are able by God's grace to manifest the life. Now like to read something to you. Brother Brandham says, and I don't know if brother Joe got this on the screen, but brother brother Brandham says in the message adoption, he says, "There you are entering into this promised land." How do we get into it? We are predestinated to it. The church by the fornowledge of God has been predestinated to what? To his honor, by his grace, to the glory and worship and glory of God. Papa sitting there in the beginning, self-existent, nothing around him, wanted something to worship. So he fore orained and predestinated a church and before the foundation of the world and put their names in the lamb's book of life when they were slain before the foundation of the world that they might appear to his glory and to his praises at the end of time. One will gather all things in that one man Christ Jesus. Woo! Glory. That's it. That's just and that's it right there. Brother, sister, don't you never move from that. God by his election grace called you. God by his election grace sanctified you. God by his election grace and his power baptized you and put you into this land of rest. Amen. Amen. They which have entered into this rest has ceased from their going astray. They ceased from their works like God did from his. They have joy unspeakable and full of glory. The tree of life, I love this. The tree of life is blooming in them. They have longsuffering, gentle goodness, patience, faith, faith, meekness, gentleness, and so forth. The tree of life is blooming in them because their hope is anchored in Christ Jesus, the witness of the Holy Ghost, bearing record with signs and wonders following the believers. These signs shall follow them that believe as they go along. They heal the sick. They cast out devils. They speak with tongues. They see visions. And they walk with God. They talk with God. No devil can move them. They're steadfast looking for eternal life. Forgetting those things that are in the past. They press forward the mark of the high calling in Christ Jesus. They There they are. There you are. That's that church. Now, if we can turn to the book of Ephesians in chapter 1, and this is going to be the the the last part of of our reading for a while. We'll have a little more reading at the near the end of the service. But but Paul is speaking to the Ephesian church. Now Paul, I am sure that as he was able to progress through the different churches that he was so excited to be able to preach a mature message because the Ephesian church was a very mature church. and and the Romans church, you know, you had a congregation of people that were Jews that were coming in that were that were trying to, you know, see this new thing that God was doing. You had raw heathens that come in that had no idea. They had no background of church order. They had and so you had all kind of people and they were arguing about gifts and who was, you know, who was the greatest amongst them. But when Paul is speaking, he said, "Blessed be the God," and this is Ephesians chapter 1 and:e3, "Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who had blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ, according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will to the praise of the glory of his grace wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved in whom now listen this this is so wonderful in in whom we have redemption through his blood the forgiveness of his sins according to the riches of his grace wherein he hath abounded in other words he he has multiplied magnified toward us in all wisdom and prudence, having made known unto us the mystery of his will. Now, who could say this? It was only the bride in each church age. Who could say that he has revealed to them the mystery of his will for that church age? It wasn't for the foolish virgins. It was for the bride of Christ in all those glorious ages that had passed. So having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure, which he hath purposed in himself, that in the dispensation of the fullness of times, he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven and which are in earth, even in him, in whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who workketh all things after the counsel of his own will that we should be to the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ, in whom ye also trusted after that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation, in whom also after that ye believed, ye was sealed with that Holy Spirit of promise, which is the earnest or the down payment of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession under the praise of his glory. Thank you, Lord. Wherefore I also, after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus, and love unto all the saints, cease not to give thanks for you, making mention of you in my prayers, that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, and again, here comes another power-p packed little paragraph, that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him. Now the message the message is a supernatural multiplication of inspiration and revelation for communication with God. The bride of Jesus Christ she is on a mystical supernatural journey. And you know, the greatest mistake somebody can make is to underestimate the power of the blood of Jesus Christ to change a sinner from the uttermost and raise him to the uttermost as soon as he believes and receives the word for his day. Amen. that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him, the eyes of your understanding, being enlightened, that ye may know what is the hope of his calling, and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints, and what is the exceeding greatness of his power to usward who believe according to the workings of his mighty power, which he wrought in Christ when he raised raised him from the dead and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places far above all principality and power and might and dominion and every name that is named not only in the world but also in that which is to come. Now, Brother Brandham says some wonderful things in the message that sometimes cause you to just sit back and you've got to go back and you got to read it over and over and over. And one of those was when brother Brandham said, "Now God being a savior, it was necessary for him to predestinate a race of people who would fall in order to give himself reason and purpose for being." And brother Sam, I had to read that over and over and over. you know, yeah, this is one of the only churches that I've ever given my whole testimony. And that testimony, I didn't know that that it was going to be recorded and it was going to be on the website and it was going to go. But I'll tell you, a lot of places I go, I get a lot of emails, a lot of phone call. Hey, brother Ernie, how come you never told me that? Uh you know when I told brother Bisco my testimony and then the brother who witnessed to me come up and and he was staying with brother Ed at his house and brother Ed asked him he said brother Arie said would you give me a testimony how you witness to brother Ernie and so brother Arie said oh brother Ed I don't want to do that I don't want to go into all that and brother Ed said yeah come on brother it'll be a blessing you know and brother Ed's a good salesman so he finally convinced brother Arie and brother Arie told the same testimony as wild of a ride as it was. And afterwards, Brother Ed, he took me into his bedroom. He said, "Now, Brother Ernie," he said, "If anybody in the whole world ought to believe an extreme predestination, it's you, brother." And so, some of these things, you know, that they're they're paradoxes and paradigms that are that are in the Bible. Now, now, Brother Brandham said, I said this was the last one, but brother Brandham says, uh, inheritance by predestination. Then he says, I inherited something. And we're speaking about the bride's inheritance. And brother Brandham says, I inherited something. Then he asks a question, what inheritance? There had to be somebody leave me an inheritance. Why you say Jesus left you an inheritance? And brother Brandham says, uh, beg you pardon? a big question mark at the end. Beg your pardon? He said, "Jesus never left me an inheritance." Jesus never left you an inheritance. He only came down and paid for your inheritance. Brought you to your inheritance, but your name was put on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. God gave you your inheritance. Your inheritance was first. And Jesus only came. And brother Bram says, "Here's the way a lot of people try to make it. God said, "Well, there's a lot of people lost. I I don't want I want them to be saved, so I'll send Jesus down and perhaps maybe uh somebody feel sorry and know what I've done and get saved." And brother Brandham said, "Oh, mercy. I I wouldn't run my office like that. Even as poor as I do run it sometimes, then I wouldn't do it like that. How about God?" But he says, last paragraph, he says, "God by his fornowledge seen exactly who would be saved." Exactly right. And who wouldn't be saved? What did he say to Pharaoh? Pharaoh, even for this purpose have I raised thee up. What did he say about Jacob and Esau? Jacob have I loved. Esau have I hated before the foundation of the world. Judas was raised up to do what he did. Could you imagine? Could you imagine in God's mind if that was one of us that was chosen to be a Judas? Yeah. chosen to be a Pharaoh, right? Chosen to be a Esau, sold his inheritage for inheritance for a mess of pottage, right? So he says God by his fornowledge seen who would be saved and who wouldn't be saved? He sent Jesus to save those that he had already chosen. Didn't Paul say five verses behind this that he chose us and him before there even was a world? That's our inheritance. God chose us and let Jesus come and pay the price. The what? The shedding of his blood that no sin would be accounted to us. Oh my. I mean that that that's just that's just so wonderful. You know, when when when God puts his hand on your life, that bleeding word, it cleanses us. It it it redeems us. It restores us. Brother Brandham said when 2 Corinthians 5:17, "If any man is in Christ, he's a new creature. Old things are passed away. Behold, all things become new. And brother Brandham said, you become a brand new unit. Not not one that's patched up and fixed up and taped up, got some super glue. No, you're a brand new unit. And what each of us needs to know, we need to rejoice. Brother Sam, can I come out and speak out here in front? Yeah. Okay. Now what uh what each one of us we need to have as part of our inheritance we need to have an upto-date revelation of justification. Amen. An upto-ate you know uh on your phone. How many have ever had an upgrade on your phone? How many had an upgrade on your computer? We need to have an upgrade on our revelation of who we are and an upgrade on justification. And and that means it's just as if you never did it in the first place. What a revelation that was to me. I mean, some people they get saved and they go out and sin again and next week they come walk down the altar and the next week go out and sin again and they just keep getting saved and getting lost and getting saved and getting lost. But brother Brandham says that God has the ability to forgive and forget. So we need to have an up-to-date revelation of the sea of God's forgetfulness. Amen. Now the devil, he's not going to let you go. The devil's not going to let you forget. We remember real good who we were. We remember real good what we did. And brother Brandham said, "You can't prevent the birds from flying over, but you can prevent the birds from building a bird's nest in your head." And so you got to go to war with the devil. You know, when I wake up in the morning, I know one thing. There's got to be two deaths that day. I got to die and the devil's got to die. And so when I get on my knees, I take my knee and I grind it into that serpent's neck. Grind it in real good. How do you like that, devil? Ah, the devil said, "Well, what about your past?" I said, "My past is forgiven and forgotten, but what about your past, devil? What about your future?" Right? I got a good future. What about your future? They And you got to talk to the devil. Those demons are real entities, friends. Right. If you you call yourself a part of this bride and you want to, you know, possess your inheritance, you got to know that when you wake up, you got a big old bullseye on your back. And every demon in the area, they know you. They know your address. They know your email address. If you got a Facebook account, they know your Facebook account and everything else. All the technology you're involved in, those demons are acutely aware of everything that you hold dear. And they know where to attack. They know how to attack. That's right. They have a grid. I don't know. It's some kind of a supernatural grid, but they got a list of every time they trapped you, every time they tricked you, every time they deceived you. They said, "Well, let's let's pull this play. We got them before on this play. Let's try this one again." Next thing you know, they come over there and they lay the trap. And if you're if you're not harmless as a dove and wise as a serpent, you walk right into that same trap. Now, you're not done. God will forgive you. And God will continue to forgive you and and cast it into the sea of God's forgetfulness. But, you know, if I could just use a little southern slang because, you know, I used to live in in Florida and I lived in North Carolina and South Carolina. And I learned a long time ago, it is a dumb man that lets a mad dog bite him any more than one time. Right. Exactly. Exactly. Now, why in the world are you going to let the devil trick you on the same thing he tricked you on before? And so, on this journey, on this supernatural journey, we're feeding, we're ingesting, we're metabolizing the word. And the word, you become a supernatural fortress. And I want to speak more about that later this afternoon. But as you read, you've got to be able to discern the will of God. And brother Brandham said, "Do you like to read between the lines?" The bride of Christ is the only ones who can read between the lines. You know, Brother Brandham says some things that when you first read them, it's kind of shocking. You you read the first you read the first few words of the sentence. And brother Brandham said, "Now remember, we went over this before. Don't don't don't don't don't write me off. Brother Brandham said, "Now," he said, "Remember, we're not saved. You're not saved by the blood." Right. Exactly. Right. Now, when I read that, I said, "Well, where is he going with this? Not saved by the blood." He said, "No, you're kept saved by the blood. But you were saved before the foundation of the world when the sons of God shouted for joy. That's our inheritance, friends. That's who we are. You know, you you've got to watch what goes into your eyes and what goes into your ears because the the greatest power God's ever put into our hands is the power of choice. We got 24 hours in a day. Nobody gets 25. Nobody gets short change and only gets 23. And in that 24 hours, it's what you manifest in those 24 hours that's going to develop uh that's going to determine your maturity in Christ. That's right. And so we've got to watch what goes in our eyes and what goes in our ears because once we make the choice to allow something to go in eyes ear and it doesn't matter this there's dozens of mediums that you can allow you can newspapers magazines television movies sports politics business all kind of thing but once you allow it into your eyes or ear it goes to the back row of your mind and there in the back row of your mind is produced a thought and those thoughts become words and words produce actions and actions form habits and habits produces character and character determines your destiny. Right, brother Brandon said pack up all the character you can get cuz it's the only thing you're taken with you. Exactly right. He said you know the the change it doesn't change who you are. It just changes your dwelling place. You're in a different realm. You're in a different sphere, a different atmosphere, a faster dimension. Oh, I can't wait to get into that faster dimension. I can't wait for that young body. I I I can't wait to travel like a thought, perhaps. I can't wait for a for for a whole world that that that operates by faith. Oh my, what a world that's going to be. And where, you know, if brother Brandham said when he was here that that's over 50 years ago, he said we're 3 minutes to midnight. I wonder friends, how many seconds to midnight are we right now? And brother Brandham asked the question, are we sufficiently impressed with what God has done amongst us? Are we sufficiently impressed? Brother Brandham says, he said, "The problem is we don't get deep enough into the word. We got too many other things on our mind besides the word of God." Brother, it's okay to take my jacket off, brother Sam. Okay, everybody. Okay. Amen. Now, here we are. We're caught up in a a supernatural cycle. Here we are. We are transdimensional travelers. We live in a world of the natural, but we're also living in the world of the spiritual, of the supernatural. Now, a believer, a true believer of this message, he is or she is or he is a super intelligent being with a divine purpose in your life. God has a divine purpose for for your life. Amen. And so as as as as we go along on this journey, we come to the understanding that that we're linked up with omnipotence. We're linked up with infallibility. And as long as you stay with the word of God, all your promises that are contained in this word, they are yours. They're promised to you. And all we've got to do is claim them. That's right. Brother Brandham talked about the high priest of our confession sitting at the right hand of majesty waiting to make good any of the predestinated promises in the word. But brother Brandon said you got to claim them. You got to confess them. It's not well, you know, oh Lord, I hope you heal me, Lord. No, you got to confess it. And that confession has got to be backed up by faith. You got to believe it. Brother Brandham said, you know, it doesn't matter how much, you know, you pray or how much you hope. He said, God cannot even go to work on your case until you confess it and you believe it and you wait with great anticipation, great expectation. I know the promise is on the way. Amen. I've gone through several trials recently, but every day I was confessing, Lord, is this the day? every day. You know, uh, brother brother Ed, he said, you know, brother Ernie, he said, just step just take a few more steps today than you took yesterday. Just keep stretching the borders of your horizon and you'll step right into your healing. Just like you're going to step one day, you're going to step right into the rapture. Right. Think about the the Old Testament saints when Jesus was resurrected and the body said in many graves. They came open and the saints went out and they appeared unto many. Now, brother brother Random talks about Abraham and Sarah. They said they went over and said, "Lord, uh, you know, would it be okay if we kind of took a whistle stop tour around Jerusalem and find out how things have changed since we were there?" And and Jesus said, "Sure, it's okay. We're going to be here 40 days, so you know, go ahead." And they're walking out there and they're a young man and a young woman. And Abraham said, "Uhoh, somebody's going to recognize us." And they disappeared just like Jesus could appear and disappear as he did to Simon and Cleophus on the road to Emmas. I often think sometimes, you know, here they are. They're down in the dumps. They're in a deep dark dungeon of desperation and despondency and despair and disillusionment and doubt and they're walking down the road and they're saying, "Well, you know, you know, we I guess we you know, I guess it's all over." And and Jesus himself drew near and he said, you know, "What's this conversation? Why are you so negative?" And they looked at him and and they they looked right at him. They said, "What? Are you a stranger around here?" Yeah. And Jesus was a young man. He wasn't, you know, he didn't have gray hair. He wasn't stooped down. He He was a young man. And he walked said, "What's what's this that you're that you're talking about?" They said, "What are you, a stranger around here? Don't you know the things that have happened these last few days?" And what did Jesus say? He said, "What things?" In other words, he was checking their revelation. He was going, he said, "Uh uh, let me let me check your revelation here. Let me let me just Okay. Now, what things? Okay. Tell me what things you know. Tell me what you know about what's happened the last few days. And they say, "Well, concerning Jesus, you know, he's a great man, a prophet approved of God, and our leaders have killed him, you know, and now certain of our company, they've been at the tomb, and they said he's not there, and and and now we can't find him." And and and Jesus, could you imagine if Jesus ever had to speak to you like this? Like he spoke to Simon and Cleopus. He looked at them and he said, "Oh fools," right and slow of heart to believe all the prophets have spoken. And beginning at Moses and all the prophets, he spoke of all the things concerning himself, right? Often think what if Simon and Cleopus said, "Wait a minute. Who you calling a fool?" Don't you know who I am? How many times have we ever heard that saying, right? You know, somebody gets drunk and they're in a bar and the police come and they grab them. They're going to take him home. They say, "Wait a minute. Don't you know who I am?" Or somebody wants to play the big shot. You don't you know who I am? They could have said that to Jesus. But they didn't. And Jesus, you know, he they took him on a six-hour sermon. Can you imagine going on a six-hour sermon? And Jesus, okay, now here's Moses. And he took all the types, all the shadows through Moses and all the prophets. And then at the end he's all done giving them a sermon. Six hours on the road to Emmas. And finally when they come to the village Jesus made like he would have gone further. He said well fellas see you later. Bye-bye. And he said, "Oh no, you've got to come with us." And brother Branch said that was their character showing through. Right? See see they wanted to they wanted to feed Jesus. But what they didn't know Jesus wasn't done feeding them. Right? Amen. And so they asked him to break the bread, bless the food, and he did it. And he did something in a certain way that caused their eyes to come open. They said, "It's the Lord." And he disappeared. Right? Vanished out of their sight. Right? Now, they knew a little bit more about the word. Right? But they didn't know all about the word. Now, they could have said to Jesus, "Wait a minute. You know who I am? I've been with the Lord for three years. I was there when he did this and that and this and this and that and that. I know all these things and here you are young whippers snapper. Who do you think you are calling us apostle calling us fools? Yeah. But they didn't know anything about the word. And and so now do you think when they were going back to Jerusalem do you think it took them six hours to go back? No. They were running. And the one thing I I don't think they bothered eating. Don't think they bothered with the food. They were running with the message and they got back and they found out where the apostles were and they went in there and they told them all the things Jesus told and the Bible says and while they yet believed not. So what what what category were they in? Yeah. They weren't a believer at that time. They were believing in what they thought they knew, but they weren't a believer in what was actual happened. See, see, I want to be a truth broker today. I want to be a reality broker and deal with truth in large doses and strip away all the fluff and all the veneer. And when you get down to that bare knuckle truth, if you take the number of people who are following this message worldwide, these are the numbers. This is just a guesstimate. 99.999. And you could probably add another nine on that. Of the people of 7 billion people in the world, they know nothing about this message. Amen. Brother Brandham said, "When Jesus was on the earth, only 1/100th of 1% knew that God was on the earth." How blessed you are. How privileged you are to be the virgin, spotless, undefiled bride of Jesus Christ. Are we fully possessing the inheritance that God gave us before the foundation of the world? Are we walking without guilt, without shame, without condemnation, without any, without confusion, without inferiority complaint? Brother Brandham said the message came to take the fear off the people. And that word fear, fe a r, false evidence appearing real. But it's one of Satan's most clever tactics. He wants to put fear because fear it will immobilize you. It will paralyze you. It will lead you to be negative and pessimistic and pessimism is it's a it's a it's a a a a negative attitude that goes in the mind and it permeates a person's being who they are and fear and negativity. It causes procrastination. It causes anxiety. It causes all these negative traits to become a part of a person and they don't fully possess the inheritance that God has given to them. Now I say this because I you know the Bible says know you not when you preach to somebody else you're preaching to yourself and when I preach I want to have a good service not because I'm speaking but because I know the words that I speak are just edifying what I believe. Right? And a lot of times I say a whole bunch of things that I had no idea of saying, you know, and it wasn't me. It was the Holy Spirit that came and took over my tongue and said something that maybe somebody here needs to say. Maybe somebody here needs to have an upto-date revelation of justification and the sea of God's forgetfulness. Amen. You know, I speak at a youth camp. I have the youth they they love they love illustrations. And so I have them take a pad of paper and I have them write down write down all your sins and all your mistakes, all the failures, all the disappointment, all the rejection, all the misunderstandings, everything that's happened in your life that has been, you know, not completely edifying. I said, now this is for your eyes only. Nobody else should see this list. Right? Are you with me so far? Now you need to go and get a shovel and get a match and get a rock and get some red paint and a paintbrush. And after you have your list, you get the shovel and you dig a hole. And then you get the match and you light the papers on fire and you take the ashes and you put them down in the hole and you cover up the hole and you put the rock on there and you get the red paint and the paintbrush and you put rest in peace. Have a formal funeral for your past. And every time those hounds of hell, every time those demons of doubt, they try to come and assault your mind, you go right out and say, "Devil, you are a liar." Right? I buried you. Right? You tricked me before, but I didn't know then what I know now. I know who you are, and I know who I am. I'm the boss around here. You're the defeated foe. Amen. Your time on earth is limited. So a believer, he has Zoe life, a a a life that the world knows nothing about. We have got we have got into the symphony of the Lord. And we're beating out we're beating out the rhythm and the harmony. A a and we're walking and we're talking and we're living according to a supernatural word that has come our way. I wonder as we consider and deeply ponder what God has has done for us that we have God's DNA in us. We've got God's genetic code in us. We're operating with a divine mind. We're operating with a divine nature through an unconditional supernatural covenant that God has laid down for us. We've got a right. You've got a right to eagle life. You've got a legal right to eagle life. Oh, I think that's wonderful. That was the first message I ever read was as the eagle stirth her nest. And when I read that message, oh, I knew it wasn't a man. I knew something was coming from another realm. And something was stirring my soul like it had never been stirred before. And I had been in a lot of revival. I'd been in a lot of great meetings in the Assembly of God and the UPC. I'd been in I've heard great preachers. But when I read that book, friends, something changed inside of me. I became a bra. I became a part of a unique creation of God, the bride of Jesus Christ. I didn't know where it was going to take me, but I knew I was going to follow it as far as it would take me. Just as God gave me faith to leave the Catholic church with all my family saying, "How can you leave the mother church? I left the Baptist church. Oh, you're going out with all those tongue speakers and I left the assembly of God. Oh, you're going out with all those oneness people, all those Jesus name people. Jesus only. And I come to the message and the you say, "Oh, you're following a man. You're you're in a cult now." Hey, but every time I had to leave, I had my I had my exit order. I had to leave that and enter into something else. [Music] Glory. I wonder how's your mystical supernatural journey going. Your brother Brandham said a mystic is one, you know, he he's talking about the mystical body of Jesus Christ. So I went and I looked in the dictionary. I said, "What what is a mystic?" Cuz I always thought it was, you know, some kind of hookie spooks, you know, some kind of thing like the witches do, you know, mystics and all in a new age, new age. So, I went in the Bible and I looked up the definition of the word mystic. And the definition of a mystic is one who seeks after and attains direct intercourse with God. That's according to Webster. Now, now, how many mystics are here? Sure, we're mystics on a mystical journey. The mystical bride, right? And we know that our God, you know, this message is the only thing in the world that sounds like it's too good to be true. And yet we we cannot even begin to to really know at this point how good it's going to get. The Bible said, "Eyes haven't seen, ears haven't heard. The mind of man has not even begun to imagine how the things that God has prepared for those who love him and are called according to his word." Amen. And so we've got to get deep into the word. Glor, you know, in in just closing now, the bride of Christ, she's got so many uh examples in the Bible of the power of God's love and his forgiveness. We could look at Adam and Eve and and what happened to them. We can look at the serpent who God offered. He he offered his he said, "Why are you so downcast? Why are you so discouraged? Do as your brother has done and won't you be accepted. So, so grace was offered to the serpent. See to the serpent. But there was nothing in him to receive it. I am so thankful that I can say if brother Brandham said it, I believe it and that settles it. I don't care about some what somebody's interpretation about something that happened or didn't happen on a certain day or I don't care about those things. I was just walking into brother Sam's office there and I saw the the the the mountain there with brother Brandham's face supernaturally carved out on the side of the mountains and I said well you know what do these people who have left the message what are they going to what are they going to do when they see that mountain and they have they have spoken for 20 30 40 years about all these things and ah somebody must have carved That must have been they must have got some big old ladders and they must have had brother Brandham's picture and you know they they carved it out of the No, that wasn't that wasn't man that did that friends. That was God. God did that. We look at the grace of Noah and his family of Abraham and Sarah the grace that God showed to them. Yes. Moses Moses was a murderer for 40 years. He wandered in the desert thinking, you know, God's all done with me. He'll never want to talk to me again. 40 years. Think about the tortured mind of Moses having been stripped from the pinnacle of power and the pinnacle of glory and education and and military strategy, the best food, the best entertainment. Oh yeah. to be stripped from that and to be out for 40 years in the backside of a desert before God come to speak to him. Moses had no idea what God had in store for him. And you know, sometimes we have no idea what God has in store for us. We don't know. We don't know what the future holds, but we know who holds the future. I just want to drop in this for you young people, those of you who are in your teens or 20s or even 30s, you have a great treasure, you have the treasure of youth on your side. And if you take if you take wisdom and you take that wisdom and the knowledge and the power of God and you you you just uh allow your your your youth and that treasure of of of energy to be fused with the power of God, you become a human dynamo. and start early. Well, you know, when I get to be an old man like brother Ernie, well, you know, then I'll start then. No, that that's too late. You're going to think back of all the wasted years, all that you could have done. You know, one thing when you go to witness to somebody, I just want to drop this in. When you go to witness to somebody or speak to somebody or deal with somebody on any level, people don't care how much you know until they know how much you care. And to go right along with that, it's not so much the matter you cover, it's the manner in which you cover the matter that counts. I'll give you an example and it's only because I know you so well and you know me so well I I can drop a little bit of humor in. Okay. Now, if a man was sitting uh at the restaurant and and he and his wife were there and uh you know, maybe they had a a candle going and uh you know, they were sitting there nice nice romantic place and if that man said to his sweetheart, he said, he said, "You know, honey," he said, "When I when I look in your eyes, it just seems like time stands still." Now, that would be nice, right? But what if he said, "Man, your face could stop a clock." Now, you said the same thing. What's time, stand still or stop a clock, right? What's the difference? The difference is one of them you're going to get a hug. The other one you're going to get you're going to get slapped upside your face. It is the same thing with how we deal with people. Exactly. Right. It's it's our manner. It's our tone. It's our tenor. Brother Brandham said, "You got to put yourself in the other person's shoes." You know, we all want everybody to be saved. You know, there's a paradigm. We want to get everybody saved, but brother Brandham said, "Well, sometimes I have to say some things to cause people to go away because there's too many people following the message." How about that one? That was I couldn't I couldn't wrap my brain around that for a while. Then I read Brother Ram said, "There's too many creepers around and we had to get rid of the creepers." Yeah. And so I hope you're not one of the creepers. I hope you're not one of the ones that something's going to be said that's going to cause you to go away. I know a lot of them that have gone away. Something that was said. But again, the bride because of your inheritance, you speak with an authority of thus sayaeth the Lord. You can speak, you know, you're one of the one that's in the Holy of Holy. Brother Brandham said when they come out, they're so sweet. He said, "You ever been, you ever been with somebody who's been there a and been communicating with God and they come out, they're so kind? They're so gentle. You just He said, "Some people you just can't wait to be around them." You people are like that to me. But there's some people you can't wait to get away from them. They come around the the biggest mistake you ask some people sometime is, "Well, how you doing?" Oh, well, let me tell you how I'm doing. You know, and if I had a trash can here, I'd show you. They said, "Well, you know what's happened to me? Nobody understands me and nobody likes me and the bosses he he's he's promoted somebody and my cars broke down and and somebody hacked my computer and somebody hacked my identity." And I mean, they I mean, you know, you want to talk about negative. It's like uh you know it's like a train of of of verbal insanity coming out of their mind. And brother Brandham said without this message a person is in an insane condition outside of this message. So just coming down to a close now h how about uh David the grace God showed to David. Amen. You ever wonder why when David went to slay slay Goliath, you ever wonder why he picked up five smooth stones? Because Goliath had four brothers. And David didn't know if he was going to have to take care of all of them or just one of them. So he had five smooth stones. He took care of one of them and the other ones they ran. See, but David was shown so much great raised, you know, taken from the sheep coat, raised to be the king. And even after he committed murder, God still was with him. But there was rape and there was there was there was there was treachery. There was betrayal that followed David because of what he did. How about Saul? Brother Brandham said, "Now don't you put Saul in hell." He Saul wasn't lost. He just backslid. He got away from God. Now, I mean, you go to a denomination and try to tell a denomination that Saul Saul wasn't lost. You're right. How about Solomon? Solomon probably the richest man in the history of the world up until that time. I don't know where he would compare with Bill Gates and Warren Buffett and some of these rich guys over in Russia now. I don't know. But uh up till that time he was the richest. He had the power. He had the anointing. He had the gift. He had everything going for him. But later in life, he had an eye problem. Yeah. And the eye problem was women. I I I I I. And he had hundreds of them. And some of them were heathen. Some of them were pagans. Some of them were were into human sacrifice, taking babies and putting them on the altar and slaughtering. Those were Solomon's wives. And at the end, Solomon says, and now here's the richest man in the world. At the end of his life, he says, "Vanity, vanity. All is vanity. Amen. Exactly. And he encouraged people to serve God with all that's that's in you. Amen. We think about Ruth and Esther and and and the widow woman that Elijah came to. We think about the woman at the well, the woman that was taken in the very act of adultery. Zakius the businessman. These are all types for you and I to look at and see how God dealt with them. And then we say, "Well, I know how God's dealing with me. I know where God's brought me from." Amen. You think about the demon-possessed man. Jesus heard him from another country. And when he heard him, he got in the boat and every demon in that area tried to sink that boat and every boat on the sea. And and and the apostle filled with fear said, "Master, don't you care that we perish?" And he got up and he spilled the winds and still the waves. And they said, the apostle said, "Wow, we've seen a lot of things. We ain't never seen nothing like that before." See, and a and so then he goes and you know the story and and and first of all, he comes and throws himself down to worship the Lord. Then the demons take over. The demons say, you know, we don't want why are you doing this? You know, they cast us into the pigs. And so Jesus did him a favor. He cast them into the pigs. Now the pigs, they did the only decent thing, right? They ran and killed themselves cuz not even a pig wants to live with demons in them. So if a pig doesn't want to live with demons in them, why should we live with the with with the demon's habits? Influencing us. Amen. Think about the prodigal son and the grace that God had for him that the father was looking for him. From the moment he went away, the father was waiting for his return, waiting with the coat, waiting with the fatted calf, waiting with all these things. And no matter what condition you are in today, friends, if you've got to make something right with God, make it right and God will be right there to receive you. Listen, listen to this. Just just write write this down. In the station of creation, in your imagination, your dream machine of excitement and enchantment and ecstasy. God is never more like God than when he's forgiving. And man is never more like God than when he's forgiving. Right. Brother Brand said, "If a man's done you wrong and you know he's done you wrong," he said, "Don't mention that. Take him to the Lord in prayer. Tell the Lord what's happened." He said, "Then when you come back down again, where were you?" He said, "When you come back down to earth again, where have you been? You've been in a supernatural realm. You've been talking to the Lord." Amen. You know, when the one of the things that anchored me down real good, I mean, tied me down where I was unshakable was when I heard brother Brandham said, "Now, sister, you're here and I don't know you and you don't know me, but there is one here who does know you and does know me." He said, "Now, now if you can catch this, friends, if you haven't seen this or if you haven't caught it, this might be the kernel that you need for today." Brother Brandham said, "Now," he said, "there is one here knows you, knows me." Now when he and his spirit, talking about Jesus, when he and his spirit comes in, me and my spirit goes away. Yeah. And he gives me a temporary resurrection in my spirit. Exactly. Right. And he wants to use my body. And I'm so happy to loan it to him. Anything he can get out of it. Now I had to read that over and over and I had to wrap my brain around that. Then I had to wrap my heart around it. Then my soul got wrapped and I understood the world is different since I came to this message. I'm different. My future's different. Exactly right. Amen. What happened when Jesus came in and told people your name is your address is you're not here for you're here for somebody else and goes back two or three generations in their genealogy. That wasn't brother Brandham. That was Jesus Christ using his ordained, anointed, predestinated Elijah prophet. And Jesus had a right to that body. He's got a right to my body. He's got a right to your body. Your body is the temple of the living God. So I often think of it, you know, brother Brandham, his spirit has gone away. He's in a resurrection process. And then when Jesus is done with his body, often think brother Brandham's spirit got slammed back into that human body. And he said now he said now it's all like a dream to me but whatever he said you do it. Oh my what a word we have got friends. What a message we have got. Who would who would have ever been able to tell you outside of the message the three stages of the rich young ruler and his eventual end? Rich young ruler had opportunity to speak to God. Ask him the right question. the best question. What must I do to inherit eternal life? He asked the only person who could tell him. And Jesus looked into his life and he saw that money was going to become his god. He said, "Look, go and sell everything you've got. Give it to the poor and come follow me." In other come and be my disciple. And the rich young ruler, this guy's a homeless man. Look at his clothes. He doesn't know where he's going to get his next meal. N. And I'm going to give up all of I got to live this kind of a life. No. No. Can do. Gone. Eternally gone. Eternally separated from the mind of God and the presence of God. Amen. Look at Peter. Denies the Lord three times and he cursed the third time. He said, "I never knew Jesus." Blankety blank blank. And after Jesus is resurrected, he tells him, "Go get my apostles. Tell them to meet me. And oh, by the way, tell Peter to come, too." Peter got a specific individual invitation to come back, even after what he did. You know, when Peter was at the at the tomb, he probably said, "Well, even if he is alive, he's never going to want to see my sorry face around here anymore. How about Saul who became Paul? My, you think about what he had to, you know, think about how the devil assaulted his mind of everything he had done before he was on the road to Damascus, before his eyes were open. He was baptized said, "Ananas, I want you to go and and go meet that guy, Saul." And Ananas said, "Lord," he said, "I've heard about that guy. He's a dangerous dude. I've heard about all the things that he has done to the believers. And G and the Lord said, "Don't worry, he's praying. If anybody w if anybody ever was praying, it was Saul." Cuz I believe that God walked around in his mind while he was in that prison cell. He was wounded for our transgression, you know, and and I believe that God started showing Saul and and and here's Saul saying, "Oh my God," he said, "No man in the history of the world is in more trouble than I am. Yeah, because I have been I have been aggressively and violently beating the followers of God. And now I'm blind. Now I'm in this room and Ananas come knocking on the door. Baptizes him, fills with the Holy Ghost, goes tries to preach, not much success. Goes out, takes all the types, gets all the books, gets all the messages, starts studying them. three years and finally he's ready, willing, and able. He's prepared. He knows that my God is in time, on time, all the time. And it's my time right now. It's my time to go. And and and Paul's own words were, he said, "I'm not even worthy to be called an apostle because I persecuted the church, but by the grace of God, I have an inheritance." Oh my God, an inheritance. Think about all the people down through the seven church ages. Think about, you know, the first person that ever experienced the third pull. The first one, you know who it was? It was the thief on the cross. First one to experience the third pole. He's there. He's a few moments or maybe an hour or so away from death and eternal separation from God. and he deserves what he's getting, right? And he looks over and God quickens him of who that is. He said, "Lord, remember me when you come, you come into your king." He said, "This day thou shalt be with me in paradise." What happened? He was quickened. I wonder, are we quickened? Right. You know, sometimes I go to a church, I don't get a lot of amens, don't see a lot of hands up. Don't hear a lot of praise the Lord. And sometimes I think I'm now not here. Not here. Don't don't don't take. But sometimes I think I'm speaking to the chosen frozen. And every once in a while, you know, it's like a corpse is there. Every once in a while, you say something. Oh, like there's been a quivering of the corpse, but no real movement yet. See, chosen, frozen, and now we come down to you and I, I'm closing all my books. We come down to you and I struggling struggling with the fact that out of all the billions of people in the world that God had chosen me, God has looked over all the big and mighty theologians. All these guys that got all their DDs and doubleldds and QUSDs. You know what I got? I got a justification degree. That's right. If you had a justification degree and Jesus came and he signed that with blood, you'd hang it somewhere close by in your house. That would be a treasure to you, a justification degree signed with the blood of Jesus Christ. So that's our struggle. Amen. That's our struggle to possess our inheritance, not a portion of it. It's not an inheritance, you know, well, you're going to get uh you're going to get so many promises this year and then so many promises next. It's not portioned out over, you know, a 20 or 30-year period like some wills when they read the will. You when you're 25 years old and if you're married and if you have children, then you then you can inherit what your father has left you. And that's not the kind of father we have, friends. That's not the kind of will he's left. That's not the kind of inheritance he's left. And all he asks us is only believe. Only, you know, that's hard some for some people. Some people they can't get by their guilt and their shame and their condemnation and their regret and they allow, you know, they're like a boxer. like a boxer, you know, and the boxer's in there and the guy's there and he's still on his feet, but the other boxer punch punch punch punch punch and the guy's just reeling trying. He like like that movie a long time ago, Rocky. You know, Rocky should have been down 15 times on the camp, but he just stayed up and he stayed up and he stayed up. That's how some believers are. Satan beats him up. Beats him up. Beats him up. Oh, you know, I still think I still think that God loves me. I I Right? They got to inherit the promises. They got to come, you know what you got to do with the devil? You got to hit him with so many rights. He'll beg for a left. That's what you got to do. You got to hit him with all the promises. And finally, thus sayeth the Lord, finish them off. Let's stand to our feet, friends. What an inheritance we have got. And we've got a passion to know God. and serve God and love God. The musicians can come. God bless you. We got to focus like a laser beam on the promises of God. And and if God said it, you can believe it's for you. It's for me, too, but it's for you, too. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. Let's sing Amazing Grace because truly that's what each one of us our inheritance is because of Amazing Grace. God allowing us to read between the lines. You know, Brother Brandham said one time, and I I had read the seals, and I believed every bit of the seals, but then I went back to read a message, and the first the first few words of the the paragraph was, "Now remember, the seals are not open." I said, "What? I've been taught that they were open." But brother Ram says the seals are not open to the public, right? But they are open to the private guardianship and love of the bride of Jesus Christ. That's who the promises are open to. That's who the seals are open to. All the messages are yay and amen. My inheritance is yay and amen. Let's sing Amazing Grace. Amazing [Music] grace, how sweet the sound that save. [Music] Like me, like me, Lord, like me. I was was lost but now on fire [Music] but now I see. Hold on just just just for a moment. I want everybody to please close your eyes, bow your head. And my eyes are closed also. and they won't be open until I ask brother Sam to come and take take the rest of this service. But I want to ask you today if you're ready and willing and able to say to the Lord, "Father, I have heard that you left me an inheritance before the foundation of the world, and perhaps I have not been able to possess, take title, title deed, and claim it as my own. But today, Lord, I'm ready for things to change. I'm ready for my mindset to change. I'm ready for my hearts set to change. Lord, I'm ready to believe and manifest the promises that you have given to me. As all eyes are closed, heads bowed, how many would just lift your hand and say, "Lord, that's me." And I'll tell you friends, both my hands are up. Both my hands are up. God bless you. I'm going to ask brother Sam to come and ask him to pray for those who have raised their hand. And God bless you. And I appreciate it if you would remember me in prayer for the service this afternoon that that I'll be able to to finish the rest of what God has laid on my heart. God bless you. Amen. God bless you, Brother Sam. Oh my. I love you. Oh, sure. Pray for everybody. Father just love you and all my [Music] praise. Anybody [Music] else would you just like to come up and be prayed for? [Music] Anybody else who just like to come all in his grace [Music] and Grace will live in your home when we [Music] [Applause] try. [Music] Anybody else have a need? Oh, we know that to sing God's praise and we worship God. Amen and amen and amen. You enjoy the message. Let's give our brother a good amen. We believe it, right? I believe it. Amen. As our brother said, we just pray for everybody. And as we're dismissing, we just pray one for the other. All of us pray because my hands was the first one to up. I need it. We need God to lead us and direct us and keep us because if it's not in him anyway, we we're just might as well forget it. But in him, we have all things. Hallelujah. Through Christ that strengthen us. Amen. tell our brother how much you appreciate the message and then be with us this afternoon. If not, then pray for us. The Lord will bless. Okay. Father, we thank you for the message that we've heard today and we believe it. And Father, we just do as our brother said. We just pray for everybody that we all had our hands up. We all need more of you, Lord. We all need things to move in our lives to direct us and have a supernatural dealing with you, Lord, because nothing is natural with you. It's all supernatural. So, we thank you and we ask you to just bless each hand that went up. Behind that hand was a heart was raising to you. So, Lord, as we sing when we start, open the eyes of our heart that we may see you. Now we ask you to just bless each one that would be as we go on through the day that we'd remember that we raised our hands to you to commit oursel to you in a surrender of all things. We love you and we thank you. Just bless brother Ernie as he meditates to speak to us this afternoon and just help him and guide him. Give him strength. We love you and we thank you in Jesus name. Amen. You dismiss men. It's going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet, sweet by and by. And I'm going to meet you, meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. That singing you will hear never heard my voice will be glorious as I know you will be living. [Music]
