################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2020-03-08 - 20-0308am - She is Part of the Mystery - Samuel Dale - Samuel Dale.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2020-03-08
Title:    20-0308am - She is Part of the Mystery - Samuel Dale
Speaker:  Samuel Dale
Church:   Spoken Word Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 17m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3m1nmn8BgRU
========================================

Description:
20-0308am - She is Part of the Mystery - Samuel Dale
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
We'll drop back to Ephesians 3. Revelations 10. Ephesians 3. All of the youth. Now, this announcement, the children, all youth, please come up into the sanctuary at 12:45 to practice singing. Okay? Practice the song. All right? All of the youth. So, just make sure you do that. And uh man, we really had a good time yesterday. I thoroughly enjoyed it. I thought it was a a real good time to uh you know, and all and starting at 3:00 yesterday and wind up at 8:00. So, we had a pretty good day. pretty pretty good time, you know, to be able to uh fellowship together and to, you know, to uh uh participate, the children, all of them participating in all of their doing. Amen. Good to see our young lady back there with us today. Now, she's not a visitors. She's been here for years. She just been absent for a little while, but good to see you, sis. Okay. Good to see you. Amen. Uh but we did we had a wonderful time yesterday. I thoroughly enjoyed it. I uh you know the the children got to participate in a lot of different things and we got to participate in questions and answers and and things and uh so it turned out real good. I thought it was a real good time you know in the Lord. Amen. Uh any let's see yeah we got the fellowship meeting will be the third Saturday at brother Longores. Uh, so that'll be that one. And let's see anything else coming up real quick. We've got uh uh Yeah. Yeah, we got uh got a whack a shoulder coming up this Tuesday. So, just pray for us. It's not a bad thing. It's just a outpatient uh laposcopic thing or what you call it and they just go in and take out and do what they got to do. But just pray that the Lord would take care of that and let everything be all right. I don't worry about it. It's It's all right. Okay. So, anything else? Any any announcement? I don't I'm missing it. So, okay. It's pointing in the back like there, but Okay. All right. We're glad to have our sister with us back there. say we say to you welcome. You always get a welcome here when you come and then uh two times you're just part of us. So we're sorry we didn't see you. There's so many heads in the way. I couldn't even figure out who was waving at what. Amen. But remember that. Okay. Uh and remember now the Lord willing that brother Louise will be ministering this coming Wednesday. Then next Sunday, Wade will be taking, the Lord will in both services because I'll be kind of under the weather for a little bit. I can at least wave at him and point. That's we can do that part, but that'll be all right. The Lord will take care of it. Okay. Oh, okay. It's not like you're going to have your arm whacked off and, you know, and everything. All of that. It's just a little surgery in there. Okay. All right. Revelations 10 and Ephesians 1. Father, we thank you for this day and we thank you for your grace and your love. Thank you for your kindness unto us. And we pray, Lord, that you would just open our eyes to thine understanding that we may walk in the light of your love and be led by your grace because grace is is all that we have need of that. That's sufficient for everything. Just have your way now. Come and speak to us. Bless those that are not here. Remember the sick among us. And Lord, we pray that you'd just bless our visitor there to let their understanding of to seeing what we're trying to do and how we're trying to preach Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever and always to be the same. We love you and we thank you. Guide us now and keep us in Jesus' name. Amen. Revelation, it'll be kind of an odd way of tying together two things, but I'm pray forth. Revelations 10. And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven, clothed with a cloud, and a rainbow was upon his head, and his face was as it were the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire. And he had in his hand a little book open. And he set his right foot upon the sea, and his left foot upon the earth, or on the earth, and cried with a loud voice as when a lion roarth. And when he had cried, "Seven thunders uttered their voices." And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write. And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, "Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered, and write them not." And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth, lifted up his hand to heaven, and swear by him that liveth forever and ever, who created heaven and the things that therein are, and the earth, and the things that therein are, and the sea, and the things which are therein, that there should be time no longer, but in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as heath declared to his servants the prophets. Notice it says singular the mystery. Amen. All right. So, there's got to be something. This is the ending up of all things. This is the consummation. The book of Revelation is the ending up of all things. And we know that that there's a great mystery to be brought forth in the last days. And we've probed at it, looked at it in different ways. We come down through the Baptist. We were talking about it last night that we talked about the Gentiles being grafted in. We we had those things. We studied those things as we were coming up through. But there's a still a mystery left that would incor incorporate is I don't know how the best way to say it, but would involve the whole one mystery. That's right. To bring it forth. And that's why it says in the in the the mystery, the singular, there's got to be one mystery. All right. Just finishing all of it up. Okay. Now we go to Ephesians 3. For this cause I Paul the prisoner of Jesus Christ for you Gentiles. Now who's he talking to? You have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God which is given me to youward. In other words, who was it? This is Paul. You remember Paul said, you know, if you count it unworthily, lo, I turn to the Gentiles. And he he went forth with the gospel. How that by revelation he made known unto me the mystery as I wrote a for in few words. See the mystery. Amen. Whereby when you read you may understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of man. See, they didn't understand throughout the Old Testament, they was speaking of the Gentiles coming in, but they didn't understand how that it would be brought in. All right? And they they would the Jews Oh, they were they don't like that. But that's Paul is covering this to them. Which in other ages was not not made known unto the sons of men. And it is as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the spirit. Who's going to bring it forth? Now what is this mystery? That the Gentiles should be fellow heirs and of the same body and partakers of his promise in Christ by the gospel. You may be seated. The Lord add his blessing to the reading of the word. Now I want you to bear with me for a second as to uh you know try to get things in line. See Paul spoke of here and spoke in Romans and bringing out the coming in of the Gentiles. That was a mystery. It was a mystery in the Old Testament that the Gentiles would become into, you know, Gentiles as nations, people, us that were not Jews, you know, and all like that. And see, there was a mystery that we would come into and receive the kingdom the same as the Jews had the kingdom. Now, it was made in and all in the Bible was set forth to be brought to the Jews. They were even the adoption the scripture says pertained to Israel. All of the things the engraftings the different things that happened it all took place for Israel and they were the people of God the children of God. All right. But see, all the way down through there, you had different things that spoke of it in in, you know, one way or the other, types or shadows, speaking of a time coming that the Gentiles would come into the kingdom. All right? So, they refused him. You know, the Jews turned him down. And lo, he turned to the Gentiles through the Apostle Paul. And Paul's whole ministry turned to the to the Gentiles. And he, you know, he brought the gospel to them of the mystery that he said is even spoken of back in the gospels. Things that happened, uh, you know, the Gentiles coming in, you you find those things. David had 300 mighty men that control the hair's breath and they were all Gentiles. They were back there at the times. the the great warriors of faith, a lot of them in the Old Testament were actually Gentiles, you know, because they they they were the great warriors of faith. Okay? But it's not speaking, see, it was just speaking of something, a type or a shadow. As we were discussing last night, when you talk about types and shadows, remember that uh you're you're not talking of a thing into reality. you're speaking of something to come that is hidden and it's all you're doing is uh exposing it or bringing it out in the open as to uh a type of it. In other words, something would happen back David and his great warriors and the great thing would speak of the kingdom that would come in Jesus Christ. All right? See those things back in the gospel. All right? And in doing that, then it was spo speaking back there that the Gentiles would come in and they did, right? They come in and accepted Jesus Christ and he turned there, Paul did, to the Gentiles and bringing it. And you you get in the Gospels in the book of Acts and and it turns to where that the gospel goes to the Gentiles as well as to the Jews because it was made to be for everyone. Right? Amen. See, that's why it's called a gentile dispensation. Right? Gentile means nations. It just it doesn't have to have a name. Uh in a gentile dispensation, you can have uh Jews, Chinese, uh Koreans, anything, you know, Africans or any anything. You can have all of the people into that because it's a kingdom of the Gentiles, nations. All right? It's not no one certain people. It's not set aside to well it's this group of people it's that group of people. It's open to where that you can receive Jesus Christ as your savior if you accept it that way and bring it in. And that's what we want to talk about for a minute that there's a great mystery there more than see if Paul was speaking of a mystery but yet explaining it as to the coming in of the Gentiles. Why would he not be satisfied with that? And why would he speak of a mystery? See, he would speak of a mystery and speak of it as the Gentiles coming in. You follow me? He would speak of the Gentiles coming into the kingdom to be the children of God. Right? All right. And as he would speak of that, see, then he would put that to the basis to where that the the uh coming in of the gentile dispensation would would open up to where everybody could come in. And he would know that and see that was known back there. But where's the mystery? Because still Paul left the mystery, right? You said, "Well, where did he leave?" He left the mystery. Did it come all the way to Revelations 10? That's right. And it comes and brings it about a mystery. There's a mystery there that was sealed in the word of God that was waiting till this day. Amen. And we say, well, it was the engrafting of the Gentiles. You know, the coming in. All right. That's wonderful. That's part of the mystery. That that's truth. That's showing forth what it is. And it's types and shadows all the way through. And we can spend weeks and and months up on the coming in of the Gentile dispensation and all the types and shadows of it. But the main point I want you to see is that after all is said and done, after all that's been made known down through the Bible times, that there's still a mystery according to the book of Revelation. That's right. There's still a mystery. That's right. A mystery is something that is hidden and it has to be revealed. Amen. All right. Amen. Now, we can look back, as I said, we can say, well, the the coming in of the Gentiles. Well, that was the mystery. Yeah, that was what Paul spoke of. That was a mystery. Amen. and he was uh happy to be able to express those things and bring it out, you know, and deliver it to the people that that it was his gospel. That's right. That he was chosen for that. Amen. See, and and it's wonderful to to know the position Paul was put in because see, he was put into the position of understanding that mystery. Amen. And be able to express the mystery. All right. He could go back. the others couldn't do it. But once Paul got converted and turned to God with his whole heart, you think about all of that learning that he had within him. That's right. That that was what he was trained to be. Either a a high priest or a lawyer or something. He was a high ranking uh man trained in all of the things, you know. All right. But one day he said, "I just count all that dong. to win Christ. All right. See, he just counted it all canceled out. But yet still, he didn't quit. No, that's right. See, he didn't quit the thing because that was the kingdom. Amen. And he was trying to explain. Now listen, Paul was trying to explain to the not the natural Jew, right? Of the coming in of the Gentiles, right? Amen. I'm trying to make a mystery where you'll think about it of what it is and then we'll come to our day and our time. Okay. You know, see Paul, he could explain the Gentiles coming in after he explained it to them. Then they could go back and look and say, "Yeah, I see that. Yeah, I see this. Yeah, that's what happened here. Yeah, David had all these mighty men and this that and the other." And see, Abraham himself was a gentile. Oh, no. No. Abraham was a Jew. No, he wasn't. The word Jew never come into existence until you coming over to about uh second Jude somewhere in there. Uh I mean Jude. When you come into the book of Jude, you pick up the word Jew. Because Abraham was a gentile. He was just a nation. It was a people. There was no set people at that time chosen to be set aside. Okay, that's what it come to Abraham to explain that of the coming in of the Jews to the point of being the children of God. All right. But see, are you following me then? See, here's the Apostle Paul. Now, he's explaining to the Jews, right? Now, not the natural Jew. That's right. That's right. He's not explaining to the natural Jew. That's right. Amen. About the coming in of the Gentiles. He did. He didn't have to. They wouldn't They wouldn't even believe it anyway. That's right. You understand what I'm getting at? They just laugh at Paul when he'd say, "But didn't you know that the Bible spoke of the coming in of the Gentiles?" What do you mean? We don't have no Gentiles in our group. You know, but see, here comes a mystery coming into view to the Apostle Paul and him speaking to that the very people he was talking to was not the outcast Jew. That's right. Amen. Not the the people out out there. It was the people that he was walking among Peter and them. Yep. Amen. The natural Jew was not what Peter and was not what Paul was trying to convert. That's right. He was not trying to convert the natural Jew to a Gentile dispensation. No. He knew better than that. But he was trying to bring a mystery that showed the Gentiles coming in was the great mystery that the Bible had spoken of the great things that had been types and shadows all the way through. Yes. But he was trying to explain to the Jew, the spiritual Jew. Now put it that way. To the children of Is not the natural children of Israel, but to the bornag again Christians. Amen. Now, are you picking it up? Yes. He was talking to born again Christians. Amen. He was talking to the people of that day. That was the bride of Christ. Amen. They couldn't understand why Paul would come up and he said, "Look, he said,"All right, y'all got this. You're doing it." But said, "Lo, I turn to the Gentiles." They didn't understand why he was doing those things, right? Because they couldn't see that it turned that way. They didn't all flock up and say, "Hey, let's go with Paul. Let's go with him and and take it to the Jew uh to the Gentiles." you know, the the message of the Gentiles to the Jews. Let's take it and bring them all in. No, no. They actually said, "Paul, yeah, you can take Barnabas or one of one John Mark on one of them one time and and then finally he hadn't even turned away from them." See, everything Paul tried to do, if you understand what I'm getting at, everything he tried to do looked like it was a failure. That's right. Because he tried to bring to the Jews, the bornag again Christians, the born again Christian, not the natural Jew, not the natural, you know, Jew. He was trying to get the spiritual Jew to see what it is. Amen. Of the coming in of the dispensation of the Gentiles. Amen. Which would be nations. All right. You know, all right. Forgive me for coughing, but I have to get that. I hope when they go through and cut in their shoulder, they find out what's wrong with my coffin. I'm not worried about my shoulder. Okay. My coughing is what I'm getting concerned about, but I can't help that. All right. Are you picking up what I'm talking about? Yes. Why is it so a drastic thing that here's Paul pulling away from the Jew of the born again Christians? That was who he was constantly fighting and trying to explain. He was trying to explain to the born again Christian. He wasn't trying to explain to the natural Jew about a Gentiles coming in. They didn't listen to him anyway. It was the people he was preaching to. Right. It was the people that was supposed to have been accepting him. Yes. Right. But instead, they turn away from him. They walk away. And Paul said, "Okay, you count yourself unworthy of the gospel." Now, who's he talking to? Not Come on, get the story. He's not talking to the natural Jew, Kyus, and and all of those others. They had done turned it all down. So he turns to the Gentiles and he turns back looking to the Jews and he says, "You count yourself unworthy." What do you mean? You count yourself unworthy of the gospel. And they were the ones that was trying to preach the gospel. He said, "You count yourself unworthy." He said, "Lo, I turn to the Gentiles. I'll go to a people that will accept it." And that's what it done. And that was Paul's problems until the day that he died. Amen. He never could go back to those Jews and join back in with them and and be in constant fellowship and he every time he went around them he was in trouble with the natural spiritual the bornagain Christians. Are you listening? Yes. Come on. Get the background. Get the story into your mind. Paul was not trying to convert Caiaphas and and this one and that one, all of the natural Jews. He was not trying to do that. He was trying to get to those people that claimed they were a part of the body of Christ. And the more he preached, the harder it got. A mystery. is going on a great mystery that mankind could never follow. Sure, we followed it. That's what I'm saying. I'm not throwing no stone to the back. That's where I came from. That's what I'm saying it. We taught the engrafting of the Gentiles. We taught to bring it in. We taught the the uh uh you know what you call engrafting, where you put one of them and engraft into the other. And they they never could get it straight because I I tried to get them the people to see that back then the same as I do now. If you're going out to graft in to a a wild olive tree and a you know a a tame olive tree, you don't want the tame olive tree to be in the ground. You want the wild olive tree put into the ground where the tame can be engrafted in and it can come forth and produce because if you don't the roots are going to die and come on church, we're our roots are Jewish. That was the one thing Paul couldn't get them to understand. That's right. That's what I'm trying to get you to understand. Paul was trying to get them to see that their roots were Jewish. That's right. That that was what was spoke of all the way down through there and bringing it forth, but they couldn't see it. They couldn't follow it. They were looking at their own selves. And no matter if they were even born again Christians, I'm not saying that he's wouldn't get my point. He was trying to speak to those. And finally it just got to the point he just had to leave. And he says, "You count yourself unworthy of the gospel." He said, "I'm turning to the Gentiles." And you know what? He became the first church age messenger. You know, at Ephesus. Amen. You know what he became? From the great apostle Paul came the writing of the New Testament, right? You got Peter, one art, one little book about it. You got John one. You got one of the others and you you got a half a dozen of the rest of them. And here's the Apostle Paul bringing the entire gospel out into the open. Amen. He had a mystery. He knew why he was called and he knew why they couldn't understand him. But see, I don't think you're getting what I'm trying to to bring forth. I I'm talking about the Apostle Paul was actually trying to tell the Christians. That's true. He was preaching to Peter and James and John and all of the Christians. And here they turned so much against him until he has to just leave. And all he was doing was trying to preach one thing, the engrafting of the Gentiles. But he was trying to bring it the way that the scripture was bringing it. That it would be a mystery. That's right. That mankind would never be able to follow that mystery. Exactly. That's right. He said, "Oh yeah, we understand the engrafting of the Gentiles. We understand this. We understand that about do we?" Yes. Okay. Trying to get just a thought. Just think about what I'm trying to bring. I didn't mean to go this way, but that's all right. I didn't know I was going this way. You probably wonder which way I'm going. Okay. I'm trying to get you to see one thing. When you're dealing with a mystery, just remember you're dealing with a supernatural element that is sealed to mankind, right? That whole Bible is sealed to mankind and could not under be understood until the last days then according to Revelations 10 there would be a mighty angel come forth. That's right. Now, Brother Brandham explains that. So, you do what you want to with it. He said that mighty angel was the same as Revelations one. That wouldn't brother Brandham. That's not that mighty angel. The mighty angel there he said was Revelations one. He said it's the same. Now, so you do, you know, I'm not trying to be derogatory to anybody, but I'm trying to put it in truthful line to where we can understand. That prophet when he brought his message, he was doing fine through up and down in the times. He understood the engrafting of the Gentile. He understood the teachings of adoption and the things that he was bringing forth. But then one day, It wound up being another book come into view or a book came into view. A book that would be a mystery, a mystery and it would be called the mystery cuz it would seal up the whole Bible in the mystery. You say, "Well, what are you talking about?" The mystery. How long have I been preaching on Hebrews 11:40? The day without us cannot be made perfect. Amen. Now, it's been about eight, seven, eight messages trying to get you to see a point. Yes. They, the apostle Paul was putting everybody in the now, may I say it in the right way, everybody that was in the religious realm would be related to Hebrews 11:40, right? There would be a great mystery that we'd be able to understand why the apostle Paul said they without us cannot be complete. Cuz see there was a mystery. Amen. What is the mystery? Who's God waiting on? Oh, we put a couple of messages and and emphasized it very heavily that your prophet said that God was waiting on me and you. Yeah, but I thought we was waiting on him. Well, see, that's where we think we we think we got it figured out. And that's a good truth. That's fine. You're waiting on him to tell you to do and all. That's right. But when it come to the prophet one day, what did he say? He said, "Don't cry no more." He said, "Speak and go forward." Stop your sniffling like a baby. Get up and say it and move forward. And preach the mystery. Amen. That you come to bring. was brother Brandham's ministry. When did it begin? Not in the 40s. That was return of the faith of the fathers. Right. That's right. Come on. He said not in the years of preparation. Come on. Do I need to go over it and over it? He said not in the years of preparation. That's right. But said when he begins to sound. Amen. Amen. See, then the prophet there in 63, right into that period of time, two and three, as he begins to go into it, what's he doing? He's preaching. What's he preaching? Revelations 10. That in the days of the voice of the seventh angel when he begins to sound that there'd be a mystery, that would be made known. Amen. a mystery that would be made known. And he says Revelations 10 is the same as Revelations 1:13. Right in there where it said you seen one standing in the midst of seven golden candles like unto the s son of man g about the palps with a golden golden girdle. Amen. And brother Brmond says that's the same as Revelations. Amen. 1 13 I believe 13, right? 12 or 13. What mystery was there in the scripture there? What mystery was laying in the scriptures that no light had ever shined on? Is that the way he describes it? He describes a dream or something of a man in a pyramid mountain and taking a bar and whipping off the top and looking down in. And he said there's things down in there that light had never shined on. Now he knows what he's come to do. Amen. As he says in in uh spoken words original seed, he gets over into his message and he's bringing it out and he says, "As of yet Malachi 4 is not fulfilled." You remember that? There he's standing bringing the message and he declares as of yet Malachi 4 is not fulfilled. So there was a great mystery. Amen. This message is a mystery. That's exactly right. Amen. You can't explain it to nobody. That's right. It can only be revealed. It can't be explained. There's no way to explain this message. You say, "Oh, it's the revelation of Jesus Christ." Oh, okay. Wonderful. But remember that was in the Bible. The Baptist could read that, but it didn't mean they could understand it. You and I could read it where we were at, but it didn't mean we could understand it. But in the days of the seventh angel, in his time of his ministry, there would be a great mystery. Amen. I hope you understand, especially to you that have been in the message for quite a while, of what I'm trying to explain. I know it's it's it's clicking. I know it's it's hitting and you you need to think about it. But see, there's a mystery that light had never shined on until this day. And the prophet's message began there in the in the 60s in the 62 63. He tells you rapture message and not in the years of preparation. That's right. We said when he began to sound, you say, "Oh, his message was back there in the for." No, that wasn't his message. That was the faith of the fathers. That's right. That was what the disciples had already preached. That's what he says. Have I become your enemy because I tell you the truth or at least try to tell you the truth? You see, until this end time, there was a great mystery sealed up in the Bible. But if you ask now, you ask the religious world what that mystery was, it was engrafting of the Gentiles. That's right. They could tell you that that it was the engrafting or the bringing in of the Gentiles into the kingdom. Yes. Right. But see, Paul was trying to explain that. About 80, 40, 50, right in there somewhere. He was trying to explain what was taking place. It says in type. It says your kingdom is going to be taken from you and given to the Gentiles. That's right. The Gentiles would accept the kingdom of God. Yes. Amen. And if it would, it would be a great mystery, a great time. What is the mystery? The mystery is who's God's waiting on? Come on. Who's God waiting on? The prophet said he's waiting on me and you. Is that a problem to know that he's waiting on us? Well, what are we supposed to do? Just what I've tried to preach for 10 or 15 sermons. We're supposed to try to bring this message to the point that it will draw everything to the message. Exactly. See, they without us cannot be made perfect. Amen. You realize that Paul listen. So you can say, "Well, okay, it was a time that Paul went off and died, then he become one of us." That's fine, but that ain't the point. That's right. That ain't the point, right? The point is Paul said that there was going to be a group of people that would bring forth the gospel in the correct order. That's right. and fulfill the mystery of the entire Bible and bring a rapture. That's right. You say, "Did Paul say that?" Well, what do you think he's talking about? Cuz you're not listening. See, Paul was talking to born again Christians, trying to get born again Christians to see that all of those people, Hebrews 11, were great warriors of faith, great times and all, but none of them had come to the place that the world be waiting on them. But Paul stood there in a group and said they're waiting on us. God said they're waiting on us. See to do what? To complete or finish and bring the message to a position. Amen. That we could believe it. See, the world is waiting on you and me. No, it's waiting on this. Waiting on God's waiting on me and you to step out on what we got. What do you think he's waiting on? Well, he he he's waiting on it. No, he's waiting on that. He's waiting on this to do that and waiting on that. You can try to come up with all of your ideas. I' got to this has got to happen, that's got to happen. But why not just say what the prophet said? Why not say it that way and see what we can do with it? Let's take a few. Okay. Go ahead. Number one, brother. Pull it up. that we would see Jesus 1962 pull it on up to you can read what's in between the Trump and the different thing as the church like the pyramid comes into a point so as the church in the days of Luther days of Wesley days of Pentecostal he never rejected none of those that's right amen I wish that would finally get into the mind of the people, big great men. He was down at Lula, I mean Gills when we were eating together and he he said them Pentecostals, they didn't have nothing. I said, "Brother Br said they had the baptism of the Holy Ghost." He said, "Oh, they didn't have nothing." And see, you sat a lot of you sat right here that night and heard him say it again right here. Of course, it was the big name guy. I told him twice that he was wrong. Of course, you know what he thought of me. That's all right. I no problem. I ain't trying to be nothing. I was just trying to tell him what the prophet said cuz this is what I was telling him. And just before the headstone comes into it, that church now, not brother Brandham, get that. We're going to lay it flat like that. You say the world's waiting on brother Brandham. Show me that in the Bible. I'll show you where he's at in the body of Christ. And the body of Christ is what God is waiting on. So now, if you don't want to take it that way, then just misunderstand me about what I'm saying. He's in the body of Christ. Without him, we can't be made perfect because he's in the body of Christ. Right. But he's waiting on us to come now to the right place. Cuz listen to him now. Just before the headstone comes into it, that church has to be honed so perfect till the same ministry that he did here, his same spirit, so predominant, however you pronounce that word, will bring that same body right into it and resurrect the whole thing. What? Something's going to happen and resurrect the whole thing. What's it going to be? Go ahead to the next one. Standing in the gap. But the cap on the period is never put on. I've been to Cairo and everything. Okay. Because it was a cornerstone. It was a headstone in the church. It was the cornerstone. And because that's foundation, apostles, prophets, Jesus Christ being the chief cornerstone. Okay, come on. We got the scriptures, right? And the script in the church was the cornerstone and the full church it was the headstone. So it never did come. It was rejected Christ and it will come. Amen. And I believe that when it's coming that the church will shape into a place from justification under Luther, sanctification under Wesley, Pentecostal message will bring the church to such a minority and a ministry will be among those people till it'll be exactly the same ministry that Jesus Christ did. That'll bring Christ and catch the whole thing away. The same ministry. That's right. All right. The same ministry that Jesus Christ had has got to be here. But where in the church? Amen. Now, come on, church. I'm not trying to be derogatory to anybody. I never have been, and I've always been accused of it, but I never have. I've always told you what I believe. I've never been backed off from you or anything. I tell you what I believe. We've had a message to come to bring us the revelation of Jesus Christ. Yes, sir. But you and I have got to be the message. Amen. Amen. That's right. That's all I've ever preached. That's all I've ever believed. That's all I've ever taught. That you and I have got to be the message. That's right. Amen. All right. So then everything's dependent upon you and me. I hope that's following through. Everything's dependent upon the little bride of Christ to become the word. Yeah. But I just don't see Jesus. Open your eyes. Amen. Uh do this for me. Wade goes going up. Come back this way. You know, he use that point like that. Won't you use a point like this? Just stop breathing for a second. Just hold your breath. You hold it for a whole second, don't you? You can't even You think you held it for a minute there. They ain't a person in this building can hold your breath for one minute. I challenge you. You say, "Yes, I can." Let's see you try it. to you think in a half a half of a minute you done win a whole minute. It ain't. Get you watch and try to find out. I'm just not I'm silly. I know that. But I'm just trying to make a point. See, the world is waiting on you and I. It's waiting on the body of Christ. And brother Brandham is in the body of Christ. No problem. That's right. I've always taught it that way because I've always believed it that way. Brother Brandham is in the body of Christ. The body of Christ is not complete without him. So you think I'm derogatory, throwing off on you. No, I'm trying to tell the truth. Amen. But tell it to you as a mystery. Okay? Because that's the mystery. How are you going to get the people of this message to believe it? that the bride is what God is waiting on. Amen. Amen. That's what he says. Come on. Go ahead to the next one. Watch one. What of the night? No signal. Okay. I'll read till I get it up. But what's he doing? He's reflecting the same light of the sun that went down years ago and is rising again. Amen. What is that true church's ministry now? What is the true church's ministry? What is the true church's ministry? That's right. The ministry that the church will be the ma ministry of the sun because it is a reflection of the same sun power and the same sunlight that the world would know when the sun rises what it'll look like. What about it? The same ministry is what we're supposed to be concerned with. Yeah, but I just don't see it. Uh, you know, there's people out here, they do this, they do that. That's all right. I'm looking for one thing like we was did last night. Brother Ryan asked a question about it and said, "How does it turn out to be?" And the very first question was ways answered it. Somebody else's answer. There was like three answers come forth at one time. Said, "It's the word." What is the answer? Amen. The word. Amen. What is the word? Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's the word. What is that? That's the mystery that's been hid. Amen. It's a hidden mystery that people can't see it as in the church. That's what your prophet said it would be, right? Okay, go ahead. What about it now? It's not the church. It's the Holy Spirit, the coming of the son of God that's reflecting in the church that's proving his power. He's doing exactly the same thing, the same ministry he did when he left the earth. He's here tonight doing the same thing reflecting his coming. He said, "Well, I was in brother Brown." Amen. I ain't got no problem. He said he was talking about himself. Amen. I ain't got no problem. He said he's here. Amen. He was there doing it. But did it stop when he left? I thought it was supposed to went into the body of Christ. Maybe Paul knew what he's talking about background. He's here tonight doing the same thing. Reflecting his coming, reflecting what? Not the palenness of the moon, but reflecting the same signs what comes to pass. Not the moon, the star, the moon, the star of the earth, but the coming of the sun. What is it? How about Go ahead to the next one. Let me get a few then real quick. The same ministry that the son went down in, the same light he went down in is coming again in the resurrection power. And the morning star is reflecting that light when we cry, "Watchmen, what of the night?" What about it? What about it? Could it be that we do like the people back there that I hope you understand what I'm saying? Those people back there were the born again Christians of the day. But they couldn't understand Paul. That's right. Why did he leave the Gentile I mean leave the Jews when he knew they were the people of God. But he's seen they turned it down. Amen. Right. That's right. Yep. They were claiming Jesus Christ to be the same yesterday, today, and forever. And Paul was saying, "You're turning it down." That's right. He said, "You count yourself unworthy of the very gospel? Whose gospel? The gospel he'd been trying to preach." And he said, "I turned to the Gentiles. I'll just go with them. What about it? Have we taken it in the right way? The same ministry. The same ministry Christ had in his church to in is in his church tonight. Go ahead. That's number four. the unconditional uh covenant. The same way, the same ministry Christ had is in his church tonight. Same sign, same wonders, same spirit, same kind of works that Jesus did here on earth. The church has to do the same thing. Now, does somebody want to read that? You want to read that next verse or you want to leave it out? Cuz when I read it, you'll be wanting to leave it out. If it's not, if it's not here, he's saying the same signs, the same wonders, the same spirit, same kind of works that Jesus did here on earth, the church has to do the same thing. If it's not, it is not the seed of Abraham. It's not the church of Jesus Christ. Can't be. Let's read. Do you believe Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever? Well, now in a way, brother Run said, "Now there's no such thing as saying in a way." Now, come on, get that off. Well, Brother Dale, you're against this. I've never been against nothing. I stand for where I stand and I've always stood on one thing and I've never changed my thoughts. Are you looking for brother Brandham to come back? Yes, sir. But I'm also looking for all the born again Christians to come. That's right. So I don't have no problem. Is brother Brandon coming first? That's fine with me. I don't I don't have no problem. But if the bride don't come forth, she's not the children of Abraham. That's right. That's just what we read. You see that a way you can say and stay like I have for 50 years and said, "I declare it." I'm a firm believer in a return ministry. Not the kind that other people's got. Amen. I'm a firm believer in the return ministry. I'm a firm believer in the Apostle Paul standing on this earth one day. I'm a firm believer in brother Random standing on this earth. Yeah. What takes place that's up to him and God. We shouldn't even have any discussion about it. That's that's where I've always stood. I was asked that question and I said made the statement then that I make now. If brother Brandham come right out here in front of this building and preach a service, most of you would not know what he's saying. Uhoh. See, there's where I go and you get your feelings hurt. Because you see, I just took it off of anything of thinking about brother Brandham. I just took it all and put it right in our own lap because that was the statement I made. If brother Brandham come right out here in front of this building, you wouldn't know what he's talking about. Why? Cuz you don't know what he's talking about. I hope a sister don't get mad at us. You know, we were discussing something last night in the Bible, and I wonder how many of you besides that person would even admit to it. Where did they get the gold? Where did they get the gold to make the golden calif? How many of you remember scripturally where they got it from? Right. Where did they get it? They got it from the men and the women that were the children of Israel that was wanting a gold calf, right? See, most people don't even know that. You mean is the children of Israel? The children of Israel wore earbobs, earrings, and bracelets and all kind of thing. And when it got time to be needed, Aaron said, "Get me all the gold you can get." And they just took all that out of their ears and all around her necks and everything and went and laid it down. And that's what we was all laughing last night. How many remember what the Bible said when Moses got back over there? He said, "Aaron, what took place?" Aaron said, "Now you know these people and you know how hard-hearted they are." He said, "You know their their ideas and their things." And said, "All I" He said, Mo Moses said, "Aaron, what'd you do?" He said, "All I done was just took them earrings and gathered them up in a pot and dumped them over in the fire and said, "Out jump the calf." what the Bible says. Out jump the Kath. You say, "Well, I didn't know they had earrings." And Well, you ought to read your Bible, right? Yeah, but I thought earrings was when you put them in your ear. Yeah, there's places to put them, but you don't need to do it. You know how many men have them in your nose? That's what you shaking your head for, brother Joe. He He did shake his head. Okay. Hooks in your nose. Boy, it ain't in mind. trying to make your life where you'll back off from being so set on me in such a hard way. Cuz listen church, if you understand what I'm getting at, the great Apostle Paul had to leave them born again Christian Jews, those that he was a part of to bring out and get a a dividing and started. He had to walk away from them and go to the Gentiles cuz he said, "You don't understand. You're still like Aaron that can take a bunch of gold and throw it in a pot and out jumps a calf." That was what Moses had to put up with. You know what I think about? And I'm still talking about me and you. Okay. I think about poor old brother Brandham and what he had to put up with trying to get the message to the people when all they could do was should a woman wear a garment pertaining to a man? Should a should this what should we do? You know why? Real quiet, isn't it? Cuz you know it's the truth that he couldn't get the people to see what he talking about. Okay. know that the same pillar of fire that led Israel, we know that the same ministry that accompanied Jesus Christ by that pillar of fire that had him anointed is accompanying the church today. That's right. Pull that up. That's number six. It's accompanying the church today. Amen. The same pillar of fire. Amen. But yet we don't see it. You know all we can see. There was a brother here years ago. He two or three different times he said there's a pillar of fire floating around the pull pit. I said don't get into that. Said don't get all tied up in it. Let it alone. He said but brother Dale said I've seen it two or three times. Said it's a halo a pillar of fire. Said it just floats around the pull pit. Well, nobody didn't want to talk about it. But you know what he said? He said, "I saw it again the other day, Brother Dale." And he said, "It left here at the pull pit and went down through the congregation." Two brothers jumped up. That's what it is. He's leaving the church. We better go with him. I said, "Go with him all you want to. I'm staying here. That's right. Because I'm declaring that he ain't leaving the building. I'm declaring one thing that I declared last night and I've always declared it. My goal, my whole life of everything that I've ever had is to get you to see Jesus Christ for your own personal experience. And I don't mean this wrong and derogatory, not brother Random's experience. That's right. Your own personal experience. Cuz if you'll see your own personal experience, you don't have to worry about his experience. You'll automatically know where it's at. Amen. I'm not trying to be derogatory against anybody believes in brother Brandham returning or anything. I've always told it like it is. I've never backed off from it. I've just always been plain. There's pictures downstairs that we've got of pictures of people that have passed away. Brother Brandon's pillar pictures in there. I want to see him as 18, 20 years old. I don't want to see him 50 years old. I don't want to see brother uh Tatum and Sister Tatum in their old age. I don't want to see Brother Molt and Sister Violet. I want to see them as I remembered them. Cuz then I'll know who they are. Amen. Then I'm looking for Jesus Christ. Amen. The same ministry, Amen. that the Lord Jesus Christ had is got to be here. I can still keep reading to you. How much do you want? The same ministry's got to be here. If it's not here, we're not the children of Abraham. If it's not here, where are we? That's right. You know, this is the one I like. Pull it on over to number nine. Number eight. Stop on that one. From Christ, the mystery of God reveal. Then the bride body must follow the head, for it is part of the of his resurrection and part of the mystery. It's impossible for it not to go. It's part of his three-fold mystery. Right. Revelations 10 mystery. The bride is part of the mystery and must be revealed. Don't you fail. The body therefore cannot recognize any other headship but the word. Number nine. Put it up. See, if you were in the fornowledge of God, let me make sure. You were in the forn knowledge of God, then you're becoming a part of God. And the only way you can be a son of God or a daughter of God, you had to be a part of of God. And God isn't complete without you. Do you believe that? Amen. He's not complete without you. Well, I just don't believe it. Well, okay. See, then you're not part of him. I saw that. You're not the seed of Abraham. The seed of Abraham would say, "Amen." The prophet said he's he's not complete without you and me. Amen. That's right. Cuz we're part of him. Cuz once he gave you the new birth, that makes you and God one. Amen. I know. I believe it was brother Brandham and God one. Like a brother told me, he said, "This message of the third pull and the speaking of the word is only for brother Brandham and the Lord Jesus Christ." I wanted to get his Bible and tear out a few pages. Oh, that's sarcastic. No, it's truthful. man told me one time he said the gifts and the things according to what is Corinthians 13 he said that ought to be took out of the Bible. I said give it to me. He said I said give me your Bible. I said I'll take it out. Boy, he didn't let me have that Bible cuz I was going to rip it out. I ain't being sarcastic. If it if it ain't in there, if it ain't worth nothing, tear it out. No. If he's the same yesterday, today, and forever, there's a place for everything. Okay. Come on, musicians. Amen. Come on. Think on these things. The same ministry that the Lord Jesus Christ had. We know and believe it. Some of you sat and saw it. You saw the very signs and wonders to prove that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Yes. You saw the dead raised, the sick healed of great things. Did that die when the prophet went off the scene? But I believe he's waiting on me and you. Amen. I believe God is waiting on me and you. The prophet said, "Adoption time where God can pour into us his fullness and the baptism and fill every fiber of our being and take us in the rapture." Is that a hard thing to understand? No, it's understanding the truth. If I said something too offensive to you about what I've said about it, just remember I've said this all the whole time, so there couldn't be meaning it to you. You think I am, but it's not because I've taught this for 40 years. I hadn't changed in in what I've taught in 40 years. For how? Come and show me. No, I still believe he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And I still believe he's right here tonight. I mean, today waiting on me and you to believe him. Because he's waiting on us. Go ahead, brother. What we got? Anybody have a need and then we'll go. Let's [Music] soul. What about him? Are you believing to be the shame of sin? The great immens [Music] give me a hand in Jesus name. We condemn this demon that's bothered our brother's stomach. In Jesus name we go. Go and say it and believe in Jesus. Father, we send these calls. Our brother has a name. You just be there in Jesus. Amen. Do you believe it? The son of the redeemer. Father, we send this prayer call sister for whatever the need she has. We believe you by your stripes, the person's healed or whatever it is. Whatever it takes place, it's all in you and we believe you. Thank you in Jesus name. Anybody else? Do you believe it? [Music] Ly God know somebody to believe him father. [Music] We know somebody to believe him. Hallelujah. Bless for he the greatness. [Music] Not looking for something to come. Looking at what's taking place. Oh, glory. See what we're doing. Glory hallelujah in Jesus name. [Applause] You take it away in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Anybody else? [Music] We believe it. That's the the same Lord Jesus. When brother Renom made that statement, he said, "God is not complete without you." I said, "I want to keep that one." Not that all of them ain't real good. It's just some of them are a little more valuable, I guess you'd call it, because I believe it. But see church, we don't have to depend upon what somebody else says. We depend upon what God says. And God will use others to speak to us. He has. Thank God that he has given us a message. Thank God that we have it, that we can read and study and follow the message. Oh, how wonderful. All of the things. Father, we just ask you to go with us now as we go our separate ways and just give each one of us understanding of you. Lord, forgive our sins and just let your light shine. If we said anything that was contrary, we just ask you to forgive us and cover us. But to know for one thing for sure, Lord, and you know we've always believed you. We've always put it that we're waiting upon you. But your prophet said, "Now you're waiting on us. So help us. It's not for us to step out and to do great things. We don't have to. We just have to stand on what you believe and what you tell us and you'll make it manifest. We love you and we thank you in Jesus' name. Amen. You just missed remember the service. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Oh, blessed be his holy name. For he's the great emanipator. [Music]
