################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - 25-0427am - Divine Healing - Ryan Bonnette - Ryan Bonnette.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-27
Title:    25-0427am - Divine Healing - Ryan Bonnette
Speaker:  Ryan Bonnette
Church:   Spoken Word Church
Type:     Short Service
Duration: 28m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQDi34Zx6yM
========================================

Description:
25-0427am - Divine Healing - Ryan Bonnette
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
and just being in prayer for brother Bob and family. I believe they went to see the grandbaby. I'm pretty sure that's where they're at. Let's see here. Okay, we're going to be teaching a lesson on divine healing. I still got a lot to teach on my love lesson series. I've been on that for some time and I've got one prepared, but uh this came on my heart pretty heavy a while back and I started meditating on uh divine healing. So I want to give a little lesson on that just kind of sidestep for a minute and maybe next time we'll continue our uh love lesson series. So uh let's go Lord in prayer. Heaven father we thank you for let to be your Lord today and thank you Lord for being here with us in the service and the Sunday schools uh here and also downstairs and all the other ministers and right around the world. Uh let everything be done a way be pleasing to you. I pray help brother Chris bring the message for us here this morning and uh just let this lesson be a blessing to the people here. I pray and we love you and thank you for all your blessings. to be with brother Bob and family traveling and all those who are still um traveling different places. Lord and all who may still be on the way here. We love you and thank you in Jesus name. Amen. So I plan to address a couple different things here. Why do symptoms linger even after we accept our healing and confess it? That's one thing I kind of want to address about divine healing. And then keep a positive confession. I really want to put emphasis on that. the importance of really keeping a positive confession because I'm an adamant believer, maybe a little bit on the extreme side. I might even air on the side of caution, we'll say, but confessing no matter what that you're healed and not confessing your symptoms no matter what. Maybe with the exception of going to the doctor, you know, they they're the one that diagnosed you. They know your situation. They might ask specific questions and you just answer their questions. But to say, you know, to family and friends, sometimes people are not being nosy. Maybe they just really care about you and they want to ask you, "What about your XYZ disease?" You know, whatever it is, how you doing? And um I'm a 20-year veteran, I guess you could say, of divine healing. It's been since 2005. I'll give my testimony here in a moment, but sometimes over the years, people in my family have known the diagnosis that I was given originally, and they still want to ask me. and I can be right in the middle of symptoms and I'll still tell them I'm doing fine. All is well. Really keep a positive confession. They're not trying to stumble you, but nonetheless, you can let down your confession. So, these are my definitions. I want to make a distinction about miracle healing versus divine healing. Just for the purpose of this lesson so we're on the same page here. So, miracle healing something instant. It's a complete healing of a sickness or a condition. That'd be something like in a prayer line where a cancer falls off or blinded eyes are open and it happens right there on the spot. Okay. But divine healing is a process. It takes place over a period of time believing God and confessing healing before symptoms subside. And that can be weeks, months or years. You just keep going no matter what. God is sovereign. He decides that if you get it a miracle healing or a divine healing um he knows best. But divine healing is very synonymous with salvation itself. They both start with you believing. Believe in your heart. Confess with your mouth. Romans 10, right? That applies to salvation as well as healing. Okay? It's a twofold atonement. And in that word there, thou shalt be saved in Romans 10:10, I think. And actually, if you look it up in the Greek, it actually means saved and healed. So, we're talking about both those things. So, you start believing, start confessing, and just keep on going through the whole journey. You never stop. Never let down in your confession. So, my testimony is going to be interwoven throughout this lesson. I'll just give a brief overview. In 2005, I was diagnosed with something. Not going to say, I don't care to. You fill in the blank for whatever your diagnosis is. That's me and my sister there. I just found a quick picture. That's one that came up from that time period. That was about 2005. I was diagnosed with something and I came up to the altar for prayer. I had been in the message three years. So, I had a good foundation to know at least what brother Brandham and all of our ministers and brother Dell were teaching about the approach to divine healing. I knew you could say from a conceptual basis, maybe not by revelation, but I understood conceptually at least the idea to approach God for divine healing is come to the altar if you need to, you know, one time and that's it. One time only. You don't make repeat trips to the altar. You get weaker in your faith when you do that. So, over 20 years, I've only come up here one time for this. As far as I remember, it was 2005. And brother Dale, I believe, was the one that prayed for me. I took that box of rattlesnakes and I set it down here at the altar and it's still here. It has not moved. Okay. Now, symptoms persisted after that. I see taste, feel, smell here tells me the symptoms are still here for a whole six months. So, 2006 completely left me for many years. 2012 it showed up again. I thought, what in the world? Uh, Lord, I let down on my faith. Where'd I mess up? And this is my next lesson that I had to learn on divine healing is that even the symptoms come back, you still keep confessing it. Okay? No matter what, no matter how many times, and you don't have to come back to the altar for prayer, just keep on confessing it. That prayer did not expire over all these years. And even after brother Dale going to be with the Lord, that prayer still stands. It did not expire. Okay? So, I don't come back to the altar for it. So, um, I had that real kind of real good foundation that I knew we don't make repeat trips to the altar. We you confess it and pray and believe and then no negative confession. How many times brother Dale always tell us, don't stand out there in the parking lot and say, "Well, doctor said this and my medicine's not doing good, blah blah blah blah blah." No, just tell everybody I'm doing well. Thank the Lord for healing me. Praise the Lord for healing me. This is my best description of divine healing. The process of divine healing is that you keep confessing your healing no matter what. The worst the devil can do to you is put is the best thing that can really happen to you. Put you in the presence of God. So it pays to just be resolved that I'm going to confess and believe I'm my healing no matter what. And then if God wills that I pass from this life and go to be with him, I'll never suffer pain and sickness again. So I have nothing to lose. If you're in Christ, you really don't have anything to lose. Might as well just believe God. And if he delivers you, fine. And if and if you know you go by the way of the grave, you know, you're not going to have the cancer again. You're not going to have any of that sickness again, whatever it was. So just keep believing God. Um Jesus Christ same yesterday, today, and forever. Brother Bennis said, "Then which is the healer? The medicine or the life?" Life is the healer. Then God is life. Life does the healing. Medicine doesn't build tissue. Medicine doesn't develop cells. Medicine only keeps clean while God develops the cells. Now, Brother Brandon believed in medicine and doctors and so forth. God heals through medicine and doctors. But Brandon was talking about I think was uh there that people were putting maybe too much emphasis on medicine. God is the healer. He's the only healer period. We go to God for healing. But we do take the the medicine and go to the doctors if you know if they can help. Um but the point is trust God for the healing. Okay? Life is the healer. Two, think about the fact of human anatomy. God made a engineering marvel when he made this body. It is it is incredible. It's self-healing of so many things. So don't underestimate the power of your own body to heal itself of so many things. The white blood cells that brother way was talking about the other day, you know, they go into action when you got an infection, a virus or a cut, puncture wound or whatever, immediately these things, these uh mechanisms in your body go into action to start the healing process. But divine healing is when you maybe you have something that your body is working against itself or something it can't heal itself of. But suffice it to say, I pray for every sickness that comes in our house. Every little infection, cough, cold, flu, whatever, I pray and I lay hands on. And Gabby and the girls all pray together and we believe in prayer. Even if it's something, you know, you're going to get over anyway, we still pray. But for divine healing, sometimes you need that because your body can't heal itself of certain things. But it's actually an incredible thing that God gave us this body. Even in our fallen condition, it'll heal itself. If you just kind of get out of the way, you know, drink sometimes doctor tell you just drink fluids and and rest. You know, let your body do its thing. So, um, this is brother Bob. Brother Bob's going to minister for us from 100 miles away from where he's at today. He's going to minister for us for a few slides. This is from 2023 September uh on a message called We Have a Lamb. Brother Bob, I think this afternoon maybe if that confuses you a little bit, we take faith and swap it for revelation. We can take revelation, swap it for faith. Faith is a revelation. Revelation is faith. And those two things are really the same thing. So if you've got faith is because God has revealed something to you. And what did he reveal to you? He revealed himself to you. When you need healing, he reveals that he is a healer and that you've got the thing that you were hoping for and now you've got it because it's revealed to you and that becomes a substance. I love the way ministers can break these things down where we can understand. It's a substance because it's re it's a revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you. You see him when you read the Bible and it's transformed beyond something that's just your head something knowledge and now it's in your heart and you know it because he's shown it to you. That's what I'm talking about. When I'm preaching about the seven seals when God reveals it to you, you've got it. If it's something that passes beyond all hopes, you say, "Brother Bob, what's the difference between hope and faith?" Faith is not something you're just looking for. Faith is when God reveals it to you. you've got the thing you were hoping for because God has revealed it to you. It was many years into my journey where I actually believe divine healing was revealed to me. It was after that second or maybe even third time of symptoms showing up again. Many, many years, like 10 years into this 20-year journey. And that's when actually I was standing in the back of U-Haul truck listening to brother Bam tell about John Ryan. And I'm Ryan John if you didn't know that. I don't think those things are an accident. His testimony always stood out to me because I'm Ryan John and growing up they called me RJ and Ryan John. Uh Jonathan is my middle name. So Lion John Ryan, he kept coming back to the altar or he came back up the second time, you know, cuz his eyes didn't open right away. He didn't understand. He thought his eyes were supposed to open right away, but God was going to heal him through divine healing, but it had to happen. I think brother Ben on that one said, "Thus sayeth the Lord." So it couldn't fail. But anyway, we'll get into that testimony near the end, I hope. But his eyes did come open as y'all know from expectation. Brother Benham said, "Notice how marvelous the symptoms just like in the morning some of you women here. What if the postal man in the morning or you say the railroad express agent would come up to your house and say, "Miss John Doe, yes, I have something here was sent to you." And you look at it and you say, "Well, what is that?" And you look into it. It's a big box and there's a big box of rattlesnakes. Why? You say, "I just I don't want those things, but they're yours. Somebody sent them to you." Why? You say, "I don't want them." But now, Miss John, Miss Do, here's your name on it. Somebody sent them to you. They're yours. And he will do everything he can to make you take them. Now, in one sense, they're yours. Another sense, they're not. They're not yours till you sign for them. But if you refuse to sign for them, he has to take them back to the express agent. He has to send them back to the one that sent them. Don't use sign for nothing. The devil brought refused to have it. That was me in 2005 coming up here to the altar putting the rattlesnakes down, never confessing it. Okay? And many of you have done that. I know y'all know, brother Boyd and many other examples of here of people who don't talk about their symptoms. Don't sit outside and complain and you know, don't have it. No sir, the devil put that affliction, the devil put that disease there. Just refuse to see it. Just say, "No, sir. I won't sign. I won't testify for nothing you said. I will testify by his stripes. I'm hell, brother." And he'll take it back. So, here's a box of rattlesnakes. That was what was given to me in 2005. The old nasty box of rattlesnakes. I know some people like snakes. They're kind of creepy. Anyway, I don't like snakes. Don't care to be around them. I don't like a pet that can kill me. We got cats and dogs. They're nice. Don't sign for it. It's not yours. Period. Now, how do you not sign for the box of rattlesnakes? Bring it to the altar if you need to. Maybe your faith is enough that you don't need to. I just wanted to just right off the bat just bring it to the altar and lay it down. And I'm glad I did. I can always look back to that and say, "That's where I left it, Satan. That's right. But if you don't, you don't have to come to the altar. I'm just saying. Don't sign for it. Just refuse to have it. Okay. Now, perfect faith. They are kin folks. They love. Love produces faith. And when Satan tempts us, we are to resist him in a perfect faith. The perfect word like Jesus did. The the word of God is perfect. We're to have perfect faith in this perfect word of God and resist Satan. That's not signing for it. That's refusing to have it. Okay. So now on this box there would be certain labels and on the box that was given to me in 2005 there was this label. The doctor said Ryan the disease you have is incurable. All we can do is give you different medicines to try to alleviate the symptoms. That was actually 10 years in 2015 and that was my last doctor visit because she was wrong on so many levels. I said I was thinking I didn't slap her in the face and kick her in the teeth or anything. I wasn't mean I didn't put her head locked or anything. I just said I just smiled and nodded and didn't go back. That was as simple as that. But inside I was thinking well okay first of all it's not my disease. So she was wrong to say that it's the disease you have. And then to say it's incurable. I want to hit that one in the head here in a second. Um and then the third thing is and she said uh all we can do is try to alleviate the symptoms. I said well we're not doing a very good job with that so far. For the last few years I've been going up until 2015. All the medicines they gave me didn't work. They had higher levels of medicine that I didn't want to try. My sister lives across railroad tracks. She has no colon. Um she struggled with this disease, not the one that I was diagnosed with, but something similar to it for all of her life basically. And finally in the end she's the doctor said why don't we try taking your colon? I was sitting there after I heard that news. I was like I didn't know I could live without that. I thought I needed my brain, my colon and my my heart and my lungs. I was thinking I need to keep all those. So personally, I want to keep all those. I'm an organ donor, so if something happened to me, they can have all my organs. But for me personally, I don't want to give up my organs. And I don't want to take these extreme levels of medication that could put me in the hospital cuz she wound up taking a very uh very hardcore medicine of some kind that wound up um putting her in the hospital. And we thought we were going to lose her back in 2005, actually. So, you know, you got to use wisdom about, you know, taking what the doctor gives, okay? just use a lot of prayer and wisdom about that. But Psalm 103, bless the Lord, all my soul, and forget not all his benefits, who forgiveth all thine iniquities, who heal all thy diseases. So I read in the scripture that there is no incurable disease. And if the doctor tells you that, you don't have to punch them in the mouth or to kick them in the teeth. You just say, "Okay, whatever." You know, I believe the Bible. I I know another guy. All right? And uh so this may be the last time we may part ways here because I know another guy. Okay. Um, so all thy diseases, he can cure all of them. There is no incurable disease. Okay. There are there's an exception to that. I'll get to that here in a minute. Um, actually it's on these couple of slides. These are the ones that I find in the Bible where you find the word incurable. And I put there in green. I know these are small. I don't I don't intend to read all these. I'm just letting you know a few instances where you find incurable. One of them is 2 Chronicles 21. There you look at there in green. That's why it was put on Jehoram, king of Israel. He was disobedient. Uh Job is a special case because he was put uh sicknesses were put on him because of trials. He was being tried for the word of God's sake, you know, and we know the story of Job. He said, "Should I lie against my right? My wound is incurable without transgression." He knew he was right spiritually. He knew he was in the right place with God. It wasn't anything he done wrong. God was letting to be tempted, you know, and and tried and and and showing the devil that he will not deny him and not curse him. So he he knew the faith of Job and how strong it was that it would stand. So sometimes maybe God lets things come on you and linger um you know to try you and and to test your faith and and make you stronger you know because the trying your faith you know builds patience and so forth but the other cases many times in the Bible you see incurable it's children of Israel forgot the god of their salvation. It was a rebuke to uh backslid and Judah it was rebuke uh to against the rebellious Israel and to Nineveh even. So in many cases, maybe eight or nine of them that I found where you find the word incurable. So I would say to that, make sure you're right with God. If something comes on you and it seems to linger, just say, "Lord, is there something I need to make right? Am I am I messing up somewhere? Am I coming short somewhere in my repentance? Is there something I didn't think about?" But once you know that you're right and you're walking in God in sanctification and continue on with with your journey with the Lord, then just believe God and wait for it to manifest and just keep confessing your healing. So there is no incurable disease. Just remember that hereditary on the box of rattlesnakes given to me said hereditary on it. Satan said, "Look here." He says, I says, "Dell Bonnet, that's your grandpa." And I said, "Yeah, Satan, I know he I know he has it. He's had it most his life." And then he said, "Uh, look at there. Broo Bonnet, that's your sister. She's got it." I said, "Yeah, I know Brooke has struggled with it all her life, but it's not mine." I don't know where we're not understanding each other here, saying it's not mine. I set it down there at the altar. I don't care if it's heritary. I don't care if I inherit it through my blood. It's not mine. So, you just stand there and say, "I don't care who all has it. It's not mine." Period. Chronic. Oh, you're you're going to have this the rest of your life. They said at the start of this when I was diagnosed, they said, now this is something you'll die with, but not that of. So, good news. It's it's not going to kill you. I was like, uh, I'm not going to have my whole life. I'm sorry either. Okay. Chronic. That's that's a lie, too. So, but he that shall endure to the end, the same shall be saved. And again, that's Matthew 24. Again, save there means uh in salvation, but also diseased to make well or heal or restore to health. Romans 10:9, I confess uh uh quoted this one a while ago. If thou confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, thou shalt believe in the heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart man believeth into the righteousness, and with the mouth confession made to salvation. Again, there as I said, saved means saved and healed. This is talking about both. So keep that same process for both healing and for salvation. Believe in your heart, confess with your mouth. Brother Bannon says they are Christians. As long as you believe that, all right, but the minute that you begin to think that you're not, that's the time you start sinking right there. That's the time your testimony is negative. Divine healing lasts as long as your faith lasts with it. your salvation the same because everything God of God is by faith and nothing of God's can be proven by natural perfect faith uh brother Benham says love and faith has to go together they're kin folks they they love love produces faith that's where I let down on my testimony when Iva was dying when she was born she was 3 days old and she was fixing to pass away and uh my rebuke that God gave me was through 1 John 4 he who fearth is not made perfect in love instead of looking at God's promise and and trusting him that everything is well with the baby even if she dies. His point was to me even if your baby dies just believe me and confess no matter what because fear has torment you know he who fear is not made perfect in love. I realized then that my love with God wasn't what it should be at that time because if I loved God like I should I would just trust him have confidence he's in control. I was in his hands and if he takes her, it's for a purpose. He knows best. When Satan tempts us, we are to resist him in a perfect faith and perfect word. We're already quoted that one. Sorry about that. As I was with Moses, I want to ask you this question. Now, if you believe it, it's an impossibility impossibility for you not to be healed. It's totally impossible for you not to be healed if you believe it. That's really strong. That's that's a quote that if you don't have anything else, you can stand on that quote. I mean, for crying out loud, that's that's as strong as it gets. Take the foxes, little foxes that spoil the vine, for our vines have tender grapes, says Song of Solomon 2. Don't let down your confession. You will spoil the vine of divine healing. As I said a while ago, well-meaning family members will ask about your diagnosis. Just tell them all is well. It's what brother Bham did uh to his own parents, I think, when he had that stomach problem. Um, salvation lasts as long as faith last and divine healing lasts as long as faith lasts. Don't let down on your testimony. Um, you don't go by your feelings. I was never saved by my feelings. I wasn't saved because I felt good. I'm saved because I met God's promise. That's it. Devil can beat you around, stamp on feelings, things, thus say the Lord and condemn it. I've done what Jesus said. I'm saved tonight because I met God's requirement. I'm healed tonight. Um, he now here's brother Bannon's testimony. Uh, I think this is the start of it. I thought there was a another picture in there leading up to it. I'm healthy and strong tonight because I believe God said so. Look at his word. It's all your faith in God. The only thing that'll stagger that's only thing that ever heal a sick person is their personal faith in God. Refuse to see symptoms or anything else. Walk by faith. Just the just shall live by it. Let no corrupt communication come out of your mouth. I want you to think about the phrase refrain and maintain. Refrain from a negative confession at all times. Maintain a positive confession at all times. Okay? Those two go hand in hand. Don't stand here in church on Sunday and confess you're healed. Then Monday a co-orker is asking you how you doing. Well, you know, I just I'm not sure about the doctor. He said, you know, just go on confess you're healed anyway. Say, all is well. You're not lying. You're just looking at the promise of God and they're meaning well, but you just smile and say, I'm good. I'm doing good. How you doing? Doing great. Um, corrupt communication. I'm not going to go into that, but that's just more elaboration on that scripture testimony. Brother Brandham, now here's our prophet's own testimony. As some of you know, he had a stomach problem. You remember when I had a stomach trouble regurgitation and what may your brothers told me that not even one earthly chance, not one chance in 10 million to live and my stomach was nothing but just one raw bloody ulcer. Wow. And then here's his confession. He got tired of living on a uh liquid diet, basically barley, water, I think, and something else. And and he was he was tired of it. He said, "Well, if I'm going if eating food kills me, I'm just going to eat food and die, you know? I'm to that point. I'm just tired of living like this." So, he ate some against the doctor's word. The doctor said, "If one bite of food, if you eat one bite of food, it'll kill you." So, he said it tasted good. And when I swallowed it, as soon as I swallowed it, it was just like a lump of fire heating my stomach. And here it come back up. I held my hand over my mouth. I said, "Uh-oh, you're going to stay right. You're going to stay right there." I swallowed it back and come up again. I swallowed it back. Come up again. I swallowed it back. I said, "Now you stay there, cuz here's another one coming." It just kept eating food, swallowing it down. It hurt. It was coming back up. It was an awful experience. I'm going to tell you, I I've sat in front of the in some of the most horrible symptoms over the last 20 years. at times by by the way for the record in 20 years 90 or 90% of the time or better not experienced any symptoms at all but the few times it's come back up I've sat in some horrible symptoms not told anybody here and uh and just sat there and said God thank you for healing me and it feels kind of weird to say that when you're miserable absolutely miserable and then sitting there saying thank you Lord for healing me and then the devil lingers right there for weeks months and maybe even a year or more you know and pop This is his dad. I guess he's talking about how you feeling. I said, "Wonderful." Kept on chewing. He wasn't lying. He was just confessing the promise of God. Swallow it again. Here it come. I hold my hand over said, "Excuse me." I was belching. It was ugly. And them beans coming up. I just kept on eating like that. And I left the table. Mom called the doctor. She said, "Why? He ate beans and cornbread. He's he's been reading the Bible that he said that God healed him." The doctor didn't like that at all. So he said, "Well, I'll be in here pumping his stomach, you know." Anyway, but he was healed. Uh testimony of Iva. Just one little brief comment about that in 2014 when she was dying. The doctor said she was dying. The doctor northeast Georgia said, "Your your baby's vital organs are fixing to start shutting down. We need to send her to Egleston." And on the way down, she almost died twice. The medical personnel working on her, the paramedic said, "I almost lost your baby two times on the way down here. They passed us with lights and sirens in the ambulance. We we were ahead of the ambulance and they passed us an emergency style, you know. And then the doctor down there, first thing she said to us, "Hi, I'm Heidi Carpin. Your baby's dying." And I stood up here a few hours later right in that spot and told y'all I was playing the drums, you know. And I I stood up and I testified and I said, "I was doing fine. Just keep praying for her." Did I tell anybody she was dying? Nobody here knew it. And weeks later, we still didn't have her baby. They're like, "You had somebody said to us, you had a baby, right?" Cuz she was still in the hospital. You know, it took her a long time to come out of that, but we wouldn't confess it. We didn't even use the D word between me and Gabby. We wouldn't say she's dying. We wouldn't confess that. We were told three times and we said, "No, just pray for her." And that's all we said. Almost 11 years later now, she's downstairs in Sunday school. Perfect faith. No matter what the thing looks like, no matter what anybody else says, you know what's happened. You know that it's finished. Love and faith has to go together. See, that was my main uh lesson to learn in that trial was trust and love God no matter what. If you really love him like you should. You'll trust him that all circumstances are in his hand. Everything that happens to you is in his hands. He's completely in control. If something bad happens, it's for your good. Trust him anyway. If you musicians, y'all can go and make your way up, please. And then, Brother Bam's testimony about uh John Ryan as I started a quote from that a while ago. Uh there was a woman a few u minutes got a ger hanging on her throat and while we was praying for her went away here here come John Ryan back pushing through all the ushers as after he already come up one time for prayer coming back again and man was helping him in prayer line and uh said I want to see that preacher. So they brought him up there and he said to me you told me I was healed. I said you are. He said well if I was healed I could see. He said oh no that's had nothing to do with it. And he said, "You told me you believed." He said, 'Well, you said I was healed. You said you believed. I do believe you. Then what are you doubting about? Well, if I was healed, couldn't I see? Obviously, a man, I think he had a Catholic background. He didn't understand that if I'm healed, shouldn't I be able to see now? You know, and he said, "Well, you will see. God showed me a vision that you were seeing. It has to happen." I was as a Catholic. Never been taught anything like that, but I don't understand. What should I do? And he said, "Well, the only thing you do is go down the road." He got cut off. He just went on to say, "Confess it." basically. So, um the point was keep confessing your healing no matter what. John Ryan's eyes did come open as y'all know the testimony. He went on testifying in church and and uh selling newspapers. I think saying extra extra read all about it. Thank the Lord for healing me. His eyes were still closed naturally speaking at that time. He could see taste smell here those symptoms but his eyes did come open and that barber chair and Barbara went chasing him down the road. So point is just maintain a positive confession. And that's my main point. Just keep positive confession and believe God no matter what. God bless you. Thank you. [Applause] [Music]
