################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - 25-0525am - Sealed or Marked - Bob Black - Bob Black.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-25
Title:    25-0525am - Sealed or Marked - Bob Black
Speaker:  Bob Black
Church:   Spoken Word Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 23m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1UXfquHzoo
========================================

Description:
25-0525am - Sealed or Marked - Bob Black
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oh, there's honey in the rock, my brother. There's money in the rock for you. Forgive your sins for the blood to cover. There's money in the rock for you. Amen. You believe that this morning? You believe that? Let's sing that once more as our brother come and just turn to one another and say, "There's honey in the rock for you." Shake each other's hand. Greet them in the name of the Lord. Oh, there's honey in the rock, my brother. There's honey in the rock for you. Leave your sins for the blood to cover. Oh, there's honey in the rock for you. Oh, yes, there's honey in the rock, my brother. Oh, there's honey in the rock for you. Leave your sins for the blood to cover. [Music] Amen. Good morning. God bless you all. Happy to be here together. Just pray that we are all thinking the same way with the Lord Jesus Christ. And me and brother D were riding up this morning. I told him to write something down for me. He did. I told him to read what I told him to write down. He started reading it. That's not right. I might have told you to read it, but it's still not right. We all want to be on the same page. That's right. Spirit of God come this morning in this church that we be under one spirit. Amen. Because if you if you are not in like spirit, things ain't going to go right. Just just pray. So, we got it right. It may be a little more than I wanted to read. You want to hear, but go ahead, brother. It's St. Luke the 6th chapter verse 20-36. So, let us pray. Heavenly Father, we are grateful this morning for the privilege and opportunity you have given us to come together to worship. Father, we pray that all of our hearts will be yielded to the one spirit of our Lord Jesus Christ and that he will bless us all together. Lord, let us all pray together, saying together, lift our hearts up unto the same God and same spirit. Lord, we thank you and we ask you for all that we have need of come down upon us in our hearts. If you're not in every heart, Father, we pray that you will find your way and they relieve their spirit unto you. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. St. Luke chap 6 20-36. And he lifted up his eyes unto his disciples and said, "Blessed be the poor, ye poor, for yours is the kingdom of God." Blessed are ye that hunger now, for ye shall be filled. Blessed are ye that weep now, for ye shall blessed ye when men shall hate you, and when they shall separate you from their company, and shall reproach you, and cast out your name as evil, for the son of man's sake. ye in that day and leap for joy. For behold, your reward is great in heaven. For inner did their fathers unto the prophets. But woe unto you that are rich, for ye have received your consolation. Woe unto you that ye shall hunger. Woe unto you that laugh now, for ye shall mourn and weep. Woe unto you when all men shall speak well of you. For so did their fathers do the false prophet. I say unto you, love your enemies, do good to them which hate you. Bless them that curse you and pray for them which despitefully use you. And unto him that smiteth thee one sheep, offer also the other, and him that take away thy cloak, not to take also. And give to every man that askth of thee. And to him that taketh away thy goods, ask them not again. And as you would do to do also to them likewise. For if you love them which love you, what thank ye? For sinners also love them that love them. If you do good to them which do good to you, what thank ye for sinners also do even the same. And if ye lend them to whom ye have hoped to receive, what thank have ye? For sinners also lend to sinners to receive as much again. [Music] Hoping for nothing again. And your reward shall be great and these shall be heful and to the evil. Be ye therefore merciful as your father also is merciful. Amen. God bless you. Thank you, brother Collie. You know that Matthew chapter 6, that's that's my go-to scripture. Sometimes we get in the way the world thinks, you know, do good to those who do good to, but that's not what we're called to. We're called to love the unlovable. We're called to be a witness to those who seemingly don't deserve kindness. Amen. That's the Christian life. And that's what Jesus set as the example. So whenever you want to um and you know that scripture there, that chapter, not to keep talking, but it reminds me of there's a time in the scripture where Jesus said, "Enter into the glories of the Lord." He said, "Well, what do we do to deserve it?" He said, "When I was hungry, you fed me. When when I had a need, you be aware of those things. Ask the Lord each day, lead me, God, to be part of this scripture you said we should be as Christians, as believers. Let the love of God show through in a in a world that the love is just growing cold now and and you see darkness everywhere. Be that light. Go to Matthew 6 and say, "Lord, read read over it over it over it and lead me by your spirit to be that." Amen. Amen. Let's sing that song, the master of the wind. Amen. He's the master of every circumstance in our life, and we're thankful for that. I know the master of the wind. Oh, I know the maker of the rain. And he can calm the storm, make the sun shine again. And I know the master of the wind. Oh, let's sing it once more. And I know the master of the way. And I know the maker of the rain. And he can calm the storm. Make the sun shine again. And I know the master of the wind. My boat of life sails on a trouble sea. Ever there's a wind in my cell. But I have a friend who watches over me when the breeze turns into the G. And I know the master of the wind. Oh, I know the maker of the rain. [Music] He can calm the storms to make the sun shine again. And I know the master of the wind. And sometimes I soar like an eagle through the sky. Above the peaks my soul can be [Music] found. But an unexpected storm may drive me through the high. It may bring me low and never bring me down. And I know the master of the way. [Applause] And I know the maker of the rain. Hallelujah. And he can the stars make the sun shine again. And I know the man. Oh, let's sing that last verse again. Oh, and sometimes I soar like an eagle through the sky. Above the peaks my soul can be found. But an unexpected storm may drive me through the highs. It may bring me low and never bring me down. Hallelujah. I know the master of the know this morning. I know the maker of the rain. And he can calm the storms make the sun shine again. I know the master of the wind. Oh, and I know the master of the wind. Oh, I know the maker of the rain. For he can calm the storm, make the sun shine again. And I know the master of the wind. Hallelujah. Amen. I believe our brother Aaron Roberts, he has a special this morning if he'd like to come and sing it for us. Amen. Amen. Can you hear me now? Yeah. Praise the Lord. Um I have a song I want to sing this morning and uh thank sister Esther for helping me with it, working on this song. Um this month I've lost two men that uh I admired. Um one of you, some of y'all may know, uh Squire Parsons, the singer songwriter, passed away and had the opportunity to meet him more than once in my life. and always really admired him. Um, there's a lot of people that are in the music business, but some people are actually in the music ministry and I really believe Squire that was his calling. That was his heart. And uh, I want to sing this is the first song I sung of his in church. Sung it many years ago. I love this song and I want to sing it this morning. And uh my neighbor, our former neighbor, he was one of my instructors at Athens Tech in air conditioning and he passed away and uh I went to his funeral and we were in the f in the funeral and this song came on my on my mind as they were speaking and and I want I just been on my heart to to sing this song. I love this song. How many can say you're homesick this morning? Yeah. For a place you've never been before. Amen. But it swells up inside. Yes, sir. I'm kind of home. for a country to which I've [Laughter] never been before. No sad goodbyes will there be spoken for time on m [Music] anymore be the lamb. I'm longing for you. And someday only I'll [Music] stand there. My home shall be eternal. [Music] Bu sweet lamb I'm looking now just across the [Music] river where my faith [Laughter] is going to end inside. There's just a few more days to labor. Then I will [Laughter] take my heavenly flight. [Music] to the land. I'm longing for you. And someday only I'll stand there my hope. Home shall be eternal. [Music] Build sweet land. Bula land, sweet land. [Music] Amen. Amen. Looking forward to that. Amen. My home eternal. Yes. Amen. Amen. So, I'm going to sing I'm going to sing a little bit this song and uh hope y'all don't mind. Everybody likes this song. Everybody asked me to sing this song. So, we're gonna sing this song. This is It's the standard. You've heard the story of Paul and Silas, how they were bound and thrown into jail. They kept on praying. They didn't worry. They were serving a God that could not fail. Well, long about midnight, God set an earthquake where the old foundation began to shake. Those prison doors blew open wide and Paul and Silas stepped outside. Yes, he'll deliver me in my time only like those Hebrew children from that fire. He freed and he made 5,000 two fishes and bread and he walked on the water and he raised the dead. And he stood by Daniel in the lion's den. He saved Moses from Pharaoh's men. Open the eyes of the blind to see. I know that he'll deliver me. Now it was David, my God, delivered when before Goliath did stand. He took no armor. He took no weapons, just five stones and a sling in his hand. Yes, he went running to meet that army. He met that Philistine man that stood mighty and tall. He said, "I come in the name of the Lord and know that mighty man did fall." Yes, he'll deliver me and my time on me like those Hebrew children from that fire. He freed and he fed 5,000 with two fishes and bread and he walked on the water and he raised the dead when he stood by Daniel in the lion's den. He saved old Moses from Pharaoh's men. Open the eyes of the blind to see. I know that you will never my God delivered. When before Goliath he stand, he took no armor. He took no weapons, just five stones and a stink in his hand. Yes, he went running to meet that army. He met that Philistine man that stood mighty and tall. He said, "I come in the name of the Lord. I know that mighty band did fall." Yes, he'll deliver me in my time of need. those Hebrew children from that fire. He freed and he fed 5,000 to two fishes and bread. And he fought on the water and he raised the dead when he stood by Daniel in the lion's den. He saved all Moses from Pharaoh's men. the eyes of the blind to see. I know that he'll deliver me. Yes, he'll deliver me in my time of need. Like those Hebrew children from that fire. He freed and he fed 5,000 with two fishes and bread. And he walked on the water and he raised the dead with Easter by Daniel in the lion's den. He saved old Moses from Pharaoh's men. Open the eyes of the blind to see. I know that you deliver me. Yes, he'll deliver me in my time of need like those Hebrew children that fire. He freed and he fed 5,000 with two fishes and bread and he walked on the water and he raised the dead and he stood by Daniel in the lion's den. He saved old Moses from Pharaoh's men. Open the eyes of the blind to see. I know that he'll deliver me. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank God. Amen. And we can say that he's delivered you. You've seen him move in your life and you've seen him. You've seen the hand of God when there was no way. He made a way. Amen. God bless you this morning. Amen. Amen. Let's just give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. You may be seated. It's so wonderful to serve a risen Christ, a living God. He's just not back there doing miracles. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. Still raising the dead. Still feeding more than 5,000. Have you been fed in your life spiritually, naturally? Amen. Hallelujah. Sister Christine, we have a special for her uh to come up and bless us. And if anyone else has a special, we're just taking our time this morning. I believe the spirit of the Lord is here and uh we worship him and in the receives all the honor and glory. Amen. God bless. God bless you. Um, this was last minute. It's been in my heart this whole week. And then brother Aaron sang va land. So I think it it fits right in. I pray. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] Aloon [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, crusad. [Music] Not good. [Music] [Music] [Music] Don't foreign I have a home across the river. Even though I may have to cross that valley, I have loved ones waiting beyond that river. When I cross that bridge, I will hold them near me. A home awaits me beyond this [Music] river where death can never have it sing. [Music] Never will grieve have [Music] victory. I have a home beyond the river. [Music] I have a home beyond that river. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. We're thankful that the end of this life is just the beginning. Amen. And there is a home. We're going to come back here and live. He made this earth for his bride to live in. We might have to go somewhere for a little while, but to come back here to live with him for eternity. Amen. Amen. Do you hear the father this morning? Is he speaking to you? I tell you, if you just open up your heart, he'll speak to you this morning. Oh, there's a light in the window and a table spread in splendor. Someone send him by the open door. And I can see the crystal river. I must be here forever. I've never been this whole sick before. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time and I can see my father standing at the door. This world is just a wilderness. And now are you ready for that deliverance? Oh Lord, I've never been this home sick [Music] before. And I can see the family gathering. Sweet faces all familiar. No one's home or feeble anymore. Oh, this lonesome heart is crying. I'll spread my wings for flying. Oh, Lord, I've never been this home. Sick before. Oh, I see the bright light shine. It's just about all time. And I can see my father standing at the door. He said the door is worth a [Music] wilderness. And I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I'm never in this home. sing. Let's sing that last verse again. Oh, and I can see the family gather sweet faces all familiar. And no one knows our feeble anymore. [Music] This lonesome heart is crying. So I'll spread my wings. Let's all stand as a brother comes this morning in this home. Sing also for that place. Hallelujah. I see the pride light that shine. It's just about hometown and I can't see the father standing at the door. This world is just a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Oh, I never in this voice you sing before I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time and I can see my father standing at the door. His word is just a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I'll never sing his home. It's good to be with you this morning. Hallelujah. I was reading a quote this morning about how you uh you you know you wake up in the morning on a Sunday morning, you might not be feeling that great and you might have troubles and things, but then you come to the house of God and get amongst the people of the Lord and they're all been prayed up and boy, you could feel the atmosphere walking in the door. Thank God for his presence this morning. G. I want to say uh the musicians can go ahead and be seated. I just have a few things to say and just remember um tomorrow is Memorial Day and which is you know that the holiday the celebration for the the ones that have given their lives. So we assure appreciate all the ones that that uh you you were related to you're related to all the ones that um your loved ones that had gave their lives for the freedoms that we have. You know it was Jesus that said that you know you you think about this you can there's a lot of things that we can do for one another but the greatest love that there is is when you give your life to somebody. Greater love hath no man than this, that he give his life, that he laid down his life for somebody else. And uh remember us this next woman week, we're going to be flying out to Arizona. We're going to be taking a little time for my wife and I for vacation and uh and then I'll be preaching for brother Chris Long next Sunday. Amen. And uh and the girls will be at the evening light fellowship camp u for a few days. So just pray for us that the Lord will give us traveling mercies and that the Lord will bless them at the camp and be with us. Amen. When we're when we're ministering for brother Chris over there in in Cottonwood. Well, uh this morning I want to read from Genesis chapter 14 and Revelation chapter 13. But before we go to the word, let's just go to the author. Lord God, we're so grateful for your many blessings to us this morning. We just thank you for your grace, Lord, and for the blessings that you've given to this church. And Lord, for your presence here this morning, Lord. And we just ask, Lord God, that you would come among us, Lord. And Lord, these things that we're going to study out this morning. I pray that you would just pick them up, Lord. And Lord, that they would be food for our souls, Lord. Amen. Lord God, Lord, we we ask, Lord, that you'll just send your anointing to tie everything together and make it plain, Lord Jesus. Lord, send your anointing among us, Lord, to make these things real to us, Lord. we ask in your precious name. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. So, uh I want to take just a a study uh this morning on the seal and the mark. And Genesis 14:14, we'll read it says, "Behold, thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the earth. And from thy faith face shall I be hid, and I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond in the earth. And it shall come to pass that everyone that findeth me shall slay me. And the Lord said unto him, Therefore, whosoever slayeth Cain, vengeance shall be taken on him sevenfold. And the Lord set a mark upon Cain, lest any finding him should kill him. And then if we go over to Revelation chapter 13 in verse 16, we'll read, "And he causeth all both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand or in their foreheads. and that no man might buy or sell save he that had the mark or the name of the beast or the number of his name. God bless you. You can take your seats. You know, I I I I was reading Revelation chapter 13 the other night and I u I I I ran up to the room where my wife was in and I was like, it's it's like reading the newspaper. Aren't you glad? Aren't you glad that we have an understanding the day, the hour that we're living in that that you can we can read these things and the Bible is not just uh something obfuscated anymore, something we can't probe it, but it's something that we have clarity of. And you know, Brother Brham said that we need to be able to read the Bible like the newspaper to be because you know, it's it and today we're it's a present tense reality that the things we're reading of that used to be symbolic, now it's actually being unfolding. And I I'm so glad this morning that we've got a message to proclaim that we don't have to hunt for something to preach, that we don't have to probe, but we've got we've got so much there's no there's no end to things to preach. There's not enough time. There's not enough services to preach. This this is the we're living in this season of plenty. You know, thinking about how John there in in the book of Revelation, he went unto the angel and said, "Give me give me that book." And what he was taking was he was taking a revelation. Uh John ate the revealed word of the book. Not just not just book learning, something intellectual, but he was eating a revelation of what that book meant. And and that's our spiritual food in due season. And and brother Brandham would say, you know, as as time goes on, he would say that people have taken the gospel and turned it into, you know, modernist teachings. He said sin and unbelief by false teachers and modernists in the church had turned from God's word and this prophet to a modern theological ter terms of the word. But but we're not see today we're not preaching our own opinions, our own ideas or modern philosophy or modern psychology. But what we're preaching is a capstone scriptural vindicated message to to give us rapture and faith in the day and the hour that we're living in. In Revelation chapter 10, he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many peoples and nations and tongues and kings that that the word that he received from that little book that he opened it up and it was plain. It was made plain. It wasn't sealed up anymore. And now he could he oh, you got something to preach. When the when you eat the book and you become the book, then you got something to preach." Now, now that the the reason I'm framing it up like that is we don't need anything modern to hold the young people. We don't need any modern activities or things to hold people. What you need is the word of God. The word is go of God is what'll give you strength in this hour that we're living in. We don't need all kind of activities and things to get people excited about coming to church. We don't need a long list of things to string out for people to if you come to church, you get a hot dog. If you come to church, you get a hamburger or something. But I tell you what'll attract an eagle is is I'll tell you what'll attract a real son or daughter of God is a word of God demonstrated in the power of the resurrection. And brother Brown was say he said we're living in a modern day. We got to get modern ideas. We got to have shuffle boards in the church, pingpong games and everything to hold our young people. Well, brother or sister, if it ever gets to a time that I have to have a card party in the church to hold an audience, I'll quit preaching the gospel cuz it's lost its power. I tell you, brother, what we need today is the oldfashioned simple gospel, Holy Ghost power preached in its simplicity. Then, if I be lifted up from the earth, I'll draw all men to me. You think what'll draw people to God is his it's that sacrifice that he made lifted up on that cross. if I'll be lifted up, that's what'll draw people to me. And we put all these fake things in front of people to thinking that it'll draw other draw people to the gospel because of that. When the word is what we need, the word is what will give you strength. You think, you know, even in the natural, if you if you go home and all you do is eat Doritos and Pringles and that's your whole diet, the next time a little flu bug comes around, then you're not going to be resistant because what you eat matters. And you've been eating, you've been eating, you've been filling up with potato chips and and all you've been drink instead of drinking water, you just been drinking Coke and Pepsi until you've just about gotten eye on to diabetes or something and when a little flu bug comes around or something, you're not going to be resistant. But I'm not really talking about the natural, though. I'm talking about the spiritual. If if you don't eat if you don't eat the revealed word of God for this day, you're not you're not going to be resistant to the to the to the to the to all the demonic bugs that he comes around. The word is what gives us strength and it's what wards off diseases. So if you want to have strength then get get focused into the word of God. Now now here's where we get into the meat. Brother Bram said in the last days there's going to be two classes of people. Amen. There's them that has the seal. Yep. And this and the others will have the mark of the beast. Now here's some real meat to give you strength. To give you some real strength. Now, you think all the way down through the scripture, there's always been these two classes of people on up to the last days where it culminates. It comes to a maturity. It comes to a place where he'd frame it up that, you know, the devil's got his grip on people. And the Bible said that the two spirits would be so close together, it will deceive the very elected if it was possible. Now, you think that's pretty close, isn't it? Oh, yes, sir. That's that's pretty close. Now, now you know our our mind goes to when we read about this, we start we immediately start looking around the church. Now, come on now. You know, you know that's true. Our mind immediately starts going around, let me see if I can spot it. Let me see if I can but but if if if I want to really discern it, let's discern it in our own self first and the rest will take care of itself. It wasn't that Jesus said, you don't tear up the wheat and the tear. You wait till it comes to maturity. You go don't go around tearing it up and say, I got it figured out. Bless God. I'mma point my finger at you and you're I got it. Because because many times you can't you can't tell until it comes to maturity and really manifests itself. Just like Judas that was sitting there with the disciples all day long for for for three and a half years sitting with them, eating with them and carrying their money back and doing all the things that he did and and and they didn't know even until right up at the very last Jesus told them what was going to happen. And their response was, "Is it is it me?" Now, I think that's a good response to have. Is it me? Because that way I I I I I can I can look into the word of God. And if I'm identified with the word of God and not my opinions and not some modern idea and not some psychology, that's where I get my strength from is when I've identified with the word of God. Amen. Now look, there's one with the seal of God and one with the mark of the beast. A seal and a mark. Two distinguishing characteristics. And brother Bram would say, he said, 'First, I'm going to tell you what I think the mark of the beast is. I think the scripture supports the mark of the beast to be, and then I'm going to tell you what I think the scripture supports the seal of God. Amen. These two great things are ending up soon into two great grips. I I love how he phrases things. I I love to just man just meditate on the the way he phrases it and and think about why he's saying it like that. two great grips. The world is gripped by these two things right now. Amen. Now, now let's let's think about it. Let let's let that mind that was that that was in Christ be in us. Let's let that word begin to absorb into us so that our thinking is changed. And as we listen to this, he's not saying it's something far off somewhere, but it's right now. right now, the mark of the beast or the seal of God and a grip. What's a grip? A firm grasp or possession. Yeah. Right. You grab a hold of something like the devil's got his grip on people today and and and and they're they're in a tight bind once you got your fist wrapped around an apple or something, you you you got it. You're not going to let go. And that's that's what's come to a place of maturity where the devil the devil's got his but on the other side Christ has got his and and and the devil's it's two great grips that that these two sides are now in such a grip until it's it's coming to the very end. The he said the world is gripped by these two things right now. The mark of the beast or the seal of God. And some of them places it way over in the future and some says it's already been in the past. But I believe that there's just two answers to it. Mhm. And that is that the seal of God is the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the mark of the beast is rejecting it. Now that's the only two things. And all the people now, now think about this now. Everybody you know, everybody in your family, everybody in the church, everybody in the world from the president, the Congress people, everybody at work, they're all going to be gripped by one or the other. All the people on earth in the last day is either going to be sealed by the seal of God or marked by the mark of the beast. So that now that means there ain't no halfway in. There ain't there's not in the middle of the road. Well, I'm just going to sit on the fence. You're going to be gripped by one or the other. And and if you're not sure where you stand. That's maybe the message today this morning. Be sure of where you stand. Because if you're not gripped by the seal of God, you are going to be gripped by the mark of the beast. you're going to be gripped by one or the other. And this morning, I want to clarify that people have probed at what the mark is for so long. They've Well, the mark I think the mark is the mark is not social security numbers. The mark is not a physical chip. That's right, brother. The mark is not a tattoo. The mark is not Now, hold on to your hat now. The mark is not the COVID vaccine. The mark is not wearing masks during CO. Brother Bob, no. That's not what it is. The mark is not your political party. The mark is not credit cards like they used to think. Well, well, we're getting away from the cash and we're now we're moving into the credit card. That's what they used to think. The credit card, you better stay away from them credit cards. That that's the mark. The but the mark has to be something spiritual. And you read over in Revelation 14 9 and 10. And the third angel followed them saying with a loud voice, if any man worship the beast and his image and receive his mark in his forehead or in his hand in his forehead. Now so that means just as the word changes your thinking then taking the mark rejecting the word will change your thinking. You think different because you have been you have been marked a mark in his forehead or in his hand and you'll act different too. It will be a visible sign. The same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels and in the presence of the lamb. That doesn't sound very nice. I I I I I I feel very inclined to stay as far away from that as I can. You know, if you really grasp what that's saying, it behooves us all to really get into the word of the hour because that is the only way to escape the things that are coming on the face of the earth. Amen. Let's read in Revelation chapter 13. And this is what I was saying. It it reads like it reads like the newspaper. John in Revelation 13:1 he said, "And I stood upon the sand of the sea and saw a beast rise up out of the sea." And we know that's people that the the people the pe the spirit in the people actually elevates the pope to his position. The spirit of the people elevate elevate all all it it it actually produces this this thing. Out of the out of the sea rises the beast. And of course we know what that is. That's the Roman Catholic Church having seven heads and 10 horns that it's a seven heads is a it's a parallel thing. It means those seven phases of the of of come from coming from pagal Rome to papal Rome. But it also means the seven mountains, the seven hills that are there in Rome and 10 horns. Those those dictators, the different rulers that that uh are come up out of him to give it to give him his authority and so forth. And upon his horns, 10 crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy. uh just right out of that scripture there. There's so many sermons that Brother Brian preached, blasphemous names and so many things. If you keep reading, so there's one beast, a beast that come up out of the sea, but you keep reading and there's another beast. Now, this beast is why you better be careful getting all wound up in politics and things. You better be careful what you support or what you endorse. Come on. And and Revelation 13:117 to 11-17 says in verse 11, it says, "And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth. And he had two horns like a lamb." Now, so now we got another beast that's coming up out of the earth. And brother Ram said that was the American buffalo coming up out of the earth. And he had two horns that were civil and ecclesiastical power. In other words, when you get those two powers united, now now you got a you got a beast that's got some power that can do some things. And he spake as a dragon and he exercises all the power of the first be first beast before him. He in other words, look look at how the Roman Catholic Church worked. How how down through the Middle Ages, they would uh I if you if you didn't agree with them, then here they come. They're going to drag you out of your your home and they're going to kill you. And and so you can see look at the characteristics is what it's saying. Look at how the Catholic Church operated. And then now look at how this mirror how these how these other beasts work and how they're going to operate. It's comparing this one to this one. He exercisth all the power of the first beast before him and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast whose deadly wound was healed. And he doeth great wonders so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of me and Nagasaki. And you might cause a nuclear bomb to explode and a whole world's Whoa. How how do they do that? How do they Well, they got some men out there in the desert and got to thinking and and and and they did something wondrous, destructive, but wondrous. and deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast, saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by a sword, and did live. And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast. Now, here's here's so we've got a beast that rose up out of the sea, and we got a beast that rose up out of the earth. And now this beast that rose up out of the earth. Now he's going to make an image to the beast, to that first beast, that the image of the beast, he had power to give life unto it that it should speak and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed. Yep. And he calleseth all both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand or in their foreheads. And that no man might buy or sell save he that had the mark or the name of the beast or the number of his name. Look at look at the mechanisms of this second beast. He enforces laws, boycots, and regulations to restrict those outside the system, just like the first beast. Now, here comes the second beast. Now, he's he's he's working in the same mode as the first beast. It's not the first beast, but he's got the same characteristics and things as it comes to maturity. Amen. Now, let's pause for a second cuz I thank God that that the devil don't come down until the bride comes up. So, we ain't going to see if you're if you're sealed in God, you ain't going to see the full manifestation of what this turns into. But, but I'm framing this up for you so you have an understanding that you better be sure of where you stand because this is what's it's turning into. Well, well, I think I think our nation is so sweet and nice. But, Revelation 13 is the the chapter that talks about the the United States of America and what we're coming to and it's going to form an image. And what's the image? the World Council of Churches, denominational unity coming together to mirror Rome's authority, forcing all religious bodies under one federated system. And it creates a system of force where now because civil and ecclesiastic power are united, you better do what they say or else they're going to come for you. They're going to come and get you. you better do it because they're working in the same mode that the Roman Catholic Church did down through the middle ages down through history because it's an image to that beast and they will so they will ultimately use legal prosecution social ostracism and even martyrdom against dissenters right now another one of the the final mechanisms of that second beast is deception because it presents itself like a lamb Amen. In other words, it presents itself like a Christian. It presents itself like a Christian. Now, now this is why, you know, the scripture says that everybody will be deceived except for the elect. And you'll find that, you know, people, they look like they've got blinders on their eyes almost to where you can say somebody can come out and say, "Well, I'm a Christian." And it's like everybody just falls for them. But this is this is actually one of the mechanisms of the second beast is it presents itself like a lamb. In other words, listen, if somebody says they're a Christian, you let's say let's say maybe uh maybe some Sunday there's another preacher up here preaching behind the pullpit and they say that they're a Christian, but you better listen to what they say. You better listen when you when you when you're listening online to somebody that says they're a Christian, that says they're a real message believer. Listen carefully to what they say. But I thank God that God give us this word of the hour to give us resistance to things. That's why we don't have to we don't have to worry about you listening to other things. We don't have to put a put a declaration out. You better not go listen to this one over here. You better not you better be careful when you go to camp meetings because you've been fed by the word. You ain't been fed on gospel Doritos and potato chips. You've been fed on the real word of the hour. So you've got some resistance and you know what you're listening to. Listen, this is the mechanism that that second beast uses. Deception, hiding its dragonlike nature. Hiding its dragonlike nature. Now, now isn't that isn't that that should maybe scare you a little bit that that this beast could come in and hide its true nature or or any deceiver could hide its true nature and present itself as something that it's not and the whole world would fall for it. Don't fall for it. Don't fall for it. And the only way you won't fall for it is if you have been eating the word of God. Cuz the word of God is what gives you resistance. In Matthew 24:25, Jesus said, "There shall arise false Christ and false prophets and shall so show great signs and wonders in so much that if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect." Now, we started off looking at a mark. The whole world's going to take a How many I wonder people how many people are not going to take the mark. You know, Brother Brandon, the way he preached it, he he compared it to like uh Noah and his family. Eight. And then, whoa, whoa. He actually pulled back and compared it to Enoch. Just one. Just one. Just one. And then he preached that sermon. One in a million. Just do you think about how few there will be? And I know I know people for years have shied away from preaching it like this. We want to just preach that everybody that's in the message. Everybody that believes like we or or says that they do. Everybody's sealed. But but listen, the only thing that's going to bear witness of whether you're sealed is whether you really got the seal or not. It's not whether you say you do, but whether you actually do. So what is a seal? Well, the first place a seal in the Bible, brother Ram said, back in days before people had it educated like they are now, their seal was their signature just like we use today as our name. So the seal is somebody's name. The seal is a name. Now you think now here we got a mark and we got a seal. In the old days, he'd he'd frame it up like this. if they couldn't sign their name, that seal, you can't, you know, you're trying to make an agreement. You maybe you you write somebody writes down a a sale or whatever. They're sailing a cow or whatever and they can't write their name. So, they'll put a mark, maybe put some wax on it, seal it up, and that represents their name. To try to copy that was a capital fine just like it would be now to try to forge a check. Somebody's name on a check. So it's like it's like a check and you instead of writing your name, you forward somebody else's name. That would be a capital fine. So that seal is somebody's name and they would seal it instead of signing his name. The seal therefore was an extension or emblem by which the bearer authenticated possessions, decrees or personal commitments. Ephesians 4:30 says, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit, whereby you are sealed until the day of redemption." So that seal is your baptism of the Holy Ghost. Why, what's it got to do with his name? Hold on just a second. In 2 Corinthians chapter 1, it says, "Now he which establishth us, which is with you in Christ, and hath anointed us, is God, who hath also sealed us, and given the earnest of the spirit in our hearts." Yes, brother. The seal was used instead of a name and that name of Jesus, the name of Jesus Christ is the seal of God. The name of Jesus Christ. Now, now this is why brother Brown all you see all these stories and things are just coming coming to a head all at once. A name is more than just a sound or a title. A name represents your nature. Y it represents your character. It represents your authority and it represents where you come from. If somebody knows your name, they can you can trace your name all the way back to to the hills in Ireland or Scotland or wherever they come from. If you if your name has been carried all the way through cuz that's what your name represents. And brother Brandham years ago, he'd say, "What difference does the name mean?" Like when you're naming your children, right? Come on, brother. You think about how how how much effort we took in naming our kids because of these statements that brother made and and maybe maybe we didn't truly understand what he's saying that your name means something. He said it sure it means something. Your name characterizes your life. Right. Amen. Now, what if what if Jesus Christ seals you with his name to characterize that the life of Jesus Christ is now living in you? And that same authority, that same power, the same origin, the same everything that's represented by that name is now sealed in you. It's sealed his name. He said, "Now, Brother Brham, when you're in numer numerology, no, I'm not. I'm on thus sayith the Lord." Why was it when Jacob, he lived to his name as a deceiver, supplanter, Jacob and when God changed him, he changed his name. God changed Saul to Paul, Simon to Peter. Certainly, it has something. And Ricky and Elvis, and such names as that is the modern American name, which throws a child automatically right into that. See what I mean? The name of Jesus Christ is his identity. Oh. Oh, your name means something. And if God seals you with his name, then that means something. It means something for for eternal life. It means something to the devil. His identity, his nature, his life, his characteristics, his authority, his origin, his character. So that means that when Jesus said there, he said, "Whatsoever you shall ask in my name, that will I do." Now, there's a token you can hold up over your prayer. Amen. When you have a need, if you if you're sealed by his name, if you shall ask anything, Amen. in my name, right, I will do it. Amen. John 16, he said, "And in that day you shall ask me nothing, verily, verily, I say unto you, whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it to you." Now, that ain't just tacking a little phrase on the end of your prayer like we say. Say a prayer for I don't like that. Brother Ram didn't like that. Say a prayer. We don't say a prayer. We get into a relationship with God and we're praying because we know who we're praying to and we know where we come from. And we're we're not just reciting words when we get on our knees, but we're entering into a fellowship with God. Hither too. He said, "You've asked me nothing in my name until the new until the power of the of the Holy Ghost fell on the day of Pentecost. Nobody had asked anything in his name. Ask and you shall receive that your joy may be full." What a promise we've got access to this morning. That if you ask in his name, not just from an intellectual conception, not knowing what that means. Amen. Not just reciting some words, tagging some words on at the end of your prayer, but you're asking because you're asking from a position of the power of the Holy Ghost in your life. And you're asking because Christ has stamped your life with his seal of approval and verified that he's he's now your his character is living in you. His character abides in you. In John 16, he said, "These things have I spoken unto you in Proverbs, but the time cometh when I shall no more speak unto you in Proverbs, but I shall show you plainly of the Father. At that day, you shall ask in my name, and I say not unto you that I will pray the Father for you." Cuz why? Because he's living in you. He's You don't need somebody else to pray. You don't need to go to a Catholic church and get a priest to pray for you or get go go go to Mary or something and have an interceder, but you can ask God directly because his life is in you and his name means his life is in the believer and you have access to the promises. And there's we've got that promise to the overcomer there in Revelation chapter 3. Him that overcomemeth will I make a pillar in the temple of my God and ye shall go no more out and I will ride upon them the name of my God. You take that same the same characteristics and the same nature and write on the heart of a believer. It's the same the same God living in you living in your flesh. I will write on him the name of my God and the name of the city of my God which is New Jerusalem which cometh down out of heaven from my God. Amen. And I will write upon him my new name. And everybody everybody's been looking for what that new name is. But it's not going to be something different from Jesus Christ because you're never going to get away from the character and the nature of Jesus Christ. And I tell you what will continue to unfold though is more about his character. May I when you when you come to a place of of maturity then it it mean he means something different than he did when you were just a little baby. It means something different. And a new name means that something has changed. Something different. Something's different than it was before. A new name means something has changed because a name means the character and all the authority and all of that packaged up and it's something that represented and the name is your seal. You think about all the ones that that got a name changed. Abraham, Abram to Abraham, Sarai to Sarah, Jacob to Israel. Y even Moses Moses didn't call Ohea by his real name in Numbers I think it's Numbers 13. He called Ohea Joshua. Yep. Right. He and Joshua got a name change. Simon to Peter. Saul to Paul because what they they got a character change. And because they their character was changed, their name was changed along with it. And brother Brandon will say now Jesus said in the last days according to St. Matthew the 24th chapter and the 24th verse that these two spirits Yep. the ones that would se was sealed with God and the ones that would be marked by the beast the antichrist would be so close together amen until it would deceive the very elected if it was possible like two vines out in the garden wrapping around a fence post and like which is which they're going to be so much alike amen he said now well some people says well communism is the mark of the beast You're wrong. Communism is not the mark of the beast. Yet it is. Now look how he said that. Communism is not the be mark of the beast. Yet it is. But it isn't heading up. Because the mark of the beast is anything rejecting the seal of God. So in a sense, you could say it is, but it ain't heading up. It's not. You follow the track along and and if you get off and look at communism as the mark of the beast, you're getting off off your course. So the mark of the beast is not communism. The mark of the beast it moves on up until and and and the mark of the beast is what? It's of a religious nature. Very religious. Now there's there's the thing. It's very religious. So cunning and sly until it'll deceive the very elected if it was possible by coming in like a little lamb. Well, I'm a Christian. Well, he must be a Christian. He says he's a Christian. How you going to tell the difference? Look at the word and look at the fruits that are borne by the doctrine that that person possesses. Compare compare with the scripture. Amen. It'll be so close that the very elected could be deceived if it will be possible. Now, now we we're taking it maybe from the negative side, but look at the positive. We we've got an elect lady sitting here this morning that can listen to a minister and tell if it's food for their soul. Amen. Isn't Isn't that something when you go sit into a a special meeting or somewhere and something just resonates within your heart and you're like that that's that's food for my soul. I I'm going to take that home with me and and it makes me want to go pray more. It makes me want to go read my Bible more. It makes me want to get along with God more. And and you begin to something's pulling at you cuz you recognize that that's really something that you need. the elect lady. We're going to There's going to be an elect lady that can tell the difference between true doctrine and false, between genuine and artificial fruits. Now listen to how brother Brown said this. He said, "Every sign, every wonder anointed man, prophecy, all kinds of things going forth, all kinds of signs, all kinds of wonders." That sounds very deceptive, doesn't it? Yeah. How you going to tell the difference? And he said, "Watch the word for this aisle." Amen. When Jesus come and brought the test and said, "Search the scriptures, for in them you think you have eternal life, and they are they that testify of me." Could they stand the test? Look how Look how he's framing this up. Right, y'all. Y'all bear with me now. It's only been 30 minutes. Y'all sung for an hour, so I'm going I'm going to preach until my heart's contents. Search the scripture. Here's Jesus Christ, the word interpreted, standing in front of them. And and he's he's saying the word test. The word test is maybe not like we used to say back in the old days where we get real upset with one another and give each other our version of what the word test. If you agree with my opinion of it, then you're right. And if you don't agree with it, then you're wrong. No, he's saying he's saying there's the word standing in front of them and and go search the scriptures and see if the word standing there does the things that the Bible said he would do. Now that's the word test. He said anyone knows all confessions of rocks that can't stand the word test is thrown into the heap. It cracked is cracked. Water broke. It won't stand the test. Oh man, then be sent to the scrap heap. God has always counted character instead of numbers. And does God ever change his mind? He's He's talking about how that sto two men, Joshua and Caleb, there at Kadesh Barnea stood on they they were the only ones that passed the word test. And what was the word test that they passed? God is more than able to deliver these giants into our hands. And everybody else did not agree with their with their accepting the word of their day and saying, "I don't care how many giants there are. I don't care what the doctor says. I don't care passing the word test is agreeing with what the word says about you and about the day that you're living in." Two men stood on that word. Caleb and Joshua said, "Wait a minute. You two million people shut up just a minute is what he said. We are more than able to do it. See, we are more than a match for them. What was they basing on? God said, "I've given you the land as yours." The word test means judging all things by the word of God, not by personal reasoning, religious tradition, the tradition of your church or mental knowledge. It is not knowledge in the intellectual or academic sense. It ain't human wisdom, philosophy, or learning, or religious creeds, or church traditions. God gave Adam and Eve his word, and he has never changed it. Our defense is the word. You know, you know, if Adam and Eve would have just stayed fortified right behind that word, I was going through Walmart or somewhere the other day thinking about that. If we just stay fortified by the behind the word, then the devil can't get us. That's right. Just stay behind the word. Soon as they slipped out from behind the word and here comes the devil sliding right into the human race injecting himself. Yes sir. Now we find we want to find out where they come from. Where do these two where did these two things come from? Where did this all start? The first marking of a human being started in Genesis. Genesis 4:15 when God marked Cain. Amen. God marked you. You think God Cain Cain kills his brother and God's reaction is y'all better not kill Cain and he puts a mark on him. And Cain goes right out of the presence of God. Soon as he's marked, he goes right out of the presence of God. God's saying so many times that human nature wants to, well, I'm I'm going to take somebody did something wrong to me. I'm I'm going to do I'm I'm going to do something to them. But you know, God just cut it off right there. No, we're we're not going we're not doing that. He he just chopped it right off. Thy seed shall bruise the serpent's head and his head shall bruise thy heel. There's those two things. The seed of Christ and the seed of the serpent. And you you know you watch watch the characteristics of those two sides. Watch the lineage of Cain as Cain comes down. Scientist, smart men, great men on down like that. religious but carnal. Intellectual, lacking divine revelation, Antichrist spirit, Abel's murderer. He rejected divine order. He He the blood sacrifice was laid right in front of him. He didn't want nothing to do with it. He was like, "You're going if if I'm going to come to you, you're going to come to my way." What a horrible way to do it. But yet, you can see that same the same thing borne out today and the way that so many want to come to the gospel. If I'm gonna come to Christ, it's going to be my way. He acted out of jealousy. He was relying on his own works, reason, beauty, form, his own ideas about approaching God. But you look on the other side, the seed of Seth as it come down. Peasants, sheep, sheep herders, farmers, spiritual, humble, faithdriven. They had divine revelation. They kept to divine worship. the promise, prophecy, and revelation. They relied on faith, the blood, revelation, obedience to God's revealed will. And they were just humble, simple believers. Now, hang on to these thoughts as we navigate this. You can follow that all the way all the way to the seals. What is the seals revealing? This the seals is revealing these two things. The first seal reveals the Antichrist spirit, a faker, a fake believer. He's got a he's a just nothing but a bluff. He's got a bow and no errors down through the the the church ages, right? Started out in the first church age that on the day of Pentecost, they were filled with a real bold lion anointing. They come out. I know I know what God's word says. A and and they were they were willing to stand for the truth. But yet combating that, as soon as they got rolling, here comes here comes the devil, the faker, that antichrist spirit, a bow with no arrows, faking it with that nickelan doctrine to try to control, limit the way that the spirit can move in the church, limit people, to restrict the Holy Ghost from actually moving in people's lives. Now, you talk about that's why we've got to have the seals open because it gives you rapturing faith to see who you are and what you're doing. And he said, "Watch it. Watch back there how the spirit of God lived in Abel. Look how it lived in Seth. Look how it lived in Judah. Look how it lived in David. Look at the same spirit calling out through that righteous seed all the way down. Right on Abel's side. They wasn't builders nor educators or smart men. They were a more or less humble sort of sheep raisers and peasants that just walk by the spirit. Just little peasants that just walk by the spirit. Amen. See, you don't have to be nothing big or a big intellectual giant or go to college or anything to be a Christian. Just take God at his word. And you can understand the seals. You can understand the deep mysteries by just just hanging on to the word until God reveals it. You don't have to you don't have to have a big old great big brain like like all of these theologians and stuff to understand the the little mysteries of God. Cain's line represents that outward religion, self effort and formal worship without inner revelation. While Seth just just simple, humble, taking a hold of what God said. Sin didn't start in earth. Brother Brown will say it began in heaven and he was kicked out of heaven and came to the earth. There was nothing else he could get into. That's the That's the devil's plan the whole time is is to inject himself into the way that we think, inject himself into the human race to to muddy things up. And and that's what that mark of the beast is representing. How Satan got into the human race and de pulled people away from what God really wanted them their real God called purpose. The Bible said that Satan ser that that the serpent had a seed. Yeah, I know it seems like even today people are getting hung up back on that on that doctrine that so many of us just take for granted and and they're getting hung up on that again. But the Bible says that the serpent had a seed. Amen. In Genesis 3:15, I'll put enmity between thee and the woman and between thy seed and her seed. Two opposing lineages, one Christ seed and the other the serpent seed. One spiritual and one perverted. One just believing the believing by revelation and one the other religious carnal who and that conflict that same conflict has been playing out all down through human history. You know what the beast was? He was the mechanism by which Satan That's right. could inject himself into the human race. Think about maybe the devil was roaming around the garden trying to figure out how he could mess things up, but Adam and Eve were fortified behind the word. how he's going to how is he going to get in there? And then he found he found a little gateway. He found a little door. That's right. The the beast working in the garden, tilling up the soil. And here goes the devil. And begins to move himself into that arrangement so that he can now begin to preach to Eve. And he preaches his little he preaches his little sermons to Eve and begins to because that's how how it all starts. It starts in the mind first. He begins to preach into the womb of Eve's Eve's mind. And still still she starts thinking, well, you know, that's a that's a pretty good idea. I always wondered what my purpose was. God told us to multiply and replenish the earth. And here here comes the serpent, the beast, and he's telling me a way that I can accomplish that goal where if she would have just stayed fortified behind the word, and waited, she would have be to realize how that would be manifested. By the spoken word, not by some carnal act. Not by some carnal act that produced Cain. Because Cain was a product of carnality. Oh, but but you know when you get born again of God, when you get born again, it's not a product of anything carnal, it's not a product of anything intellectual, but it's by the spirit of God, by one spirit we're born into one body. The brother said that beast, that serpent was the most subtle of all the beasts of the field. Subtle means it's not immediately obvious. It's it's hard to tell. Here he comes and he starts preaching his little message. He's subtle. In other words, he's preaching something. That's that sounds right. He's using the same words. Yeah. That God did. He said, "Won't you be like God's?" Well, that sounds right. And even now at the end time, it sounds right, but you better be able to tell. You better be able to tell when you've got a president standing up and saying, "I'm a Christian, but I've never had to ask God to forgive me." you somebody coming up and say, "I'm a bless God. I'm a cre." You better be careful what you endorse, what you're standing behind. Because it matters what preacher you're endorsing. It matters what church you go to. It matters whether you understand what the image of the beast is and what that second beast is. It matters because you need to know the difference. Subtle means it ain't immediately obvious. It's elusive. It's sly and cunning. The beast was the most subtle, most shrewd, cunning, wisdom, smarter than the animal. He was right next to the man, right next to him. And because because Eve listened to that and then going down the line, because that Cain listened to the enemy, then all these things happened because why? Because Eve listened to that, then now we got our first murderer. Yes. Because Cain, listen to that. He become the first one that ever had jealousy on earth. The first one that ever had jealousy on the earth. Right? Cain by taking on this evil took the first mark. Right? God marked him. No one was to kill him. Just let him alone. Genesis 4:15 that we read, the Lord set a mark upon Cain lest any finding him should kill him. And Cain went out from the presence of the Lord. Now there's there's the mark. There is the characteristic of the mark as he went out. Amen. From the presence of the Lord. Amen. Amen. You think about David sitting on that hillside praising God, playing his harp, worshiping. Here comes a lion and a bear. He's like, "Listen, I'm protecting my sheep. I'm going after him." But on the other side, you've got all the way down all all these carnally minded that rather than just taking God at his word, they they actually they by rejecting it, it moves them out from the presence of the Lord. It's a spiritual distinction that the mark is the mark. It's a mark of being outcast for refusing God's provided way unlike the sealing of the Holy Spirit which signifies God's ownership and acceptance. As soon as he marked him, he went out from the presence of God. You got those two lines all the way down. Life, what is it? Life and death. Life that the church is signed by today. The sign of the Holy Spirit that Christ is not dead, but he raised from the dead and taken in the church. see sealing his church there. It begins right them two boys right there in the garden of Eden right outside the garden and death. The mark of the beast a wanderer. A fugitive. Don't know where he's going. Don't know where where what he knows. Don't know what he does want. He's a fugitive. Amen. You think now that outside of this message, you're not going to find your real purpose because your purpose is to be you're predestinated to be conformed to the image of the son of God. That's what your real purpose is. And outside of this revealed word of the day, you're never going to you don't know what you're here for. you all all you can do is is is is uh like the world has done just take meth and take cocaine, drink drugs, drink alcohol, try to find something to fill that void to smoke cigarettes, uh seek after women, all of that because what what they become is just wandering stars. There's nothing to fill that void ever learning. They're going to school. They're learning maybe even learning about God, but they're like like Paul and Peter and them s waves of the sea foaming out their shame. Not not any kind a wave of the sea just lands on the seashore foams does a little bit of foaming and then it just pulls back away from the coastline and where's it go? It has no purpose. What's where's it going? But that that's the mark of the beast. The fugitive wandering that had has no idea what its purpose is. But Seth Seth stayed stayed at home and he was with his father and God gave him a wife. Right. Amen. Brother Brandham said, you know, those scriptures where it says just aspire to have a quiet life. Yeah. Just to know, just to know what you're doing here, what your purpose is. We don't have to be running all over the place trying to prove everybody on Facebook that how how good of a Christian we are. Just just be settled and you're and you're quiet. Have that quiet time with God early in the morning where where he knows you and you know him. That's what matters. A mark is a distinction. It makes a difference. It separates something. But like you say, you got one mark against you, a mark. But you never said you had one seal against you. You got a mark against you. Come on, brother. The mark of the beast is the wayward, the outcast that refused to take and come God's provided way. As soon as he was marked, he was sent away. These two mark Mark and seal begin in Genesis and it comes down through the Bible and ends up in Revelation. Can can y'all see that this morning that it starts in Genesis? We read in Genesis and it winds all the way up in Revelation 13 and winds all the way up in Revelation 14 and just how it came in real subtly in Genesis. It come in real subtly in Revelation right here at the end. It come in real deceptive early on and right here at the end comes in real sneaky like a lamb. Like a lamb. I'm a Christian. I'm saying the same. I believe same as you do. Okay, I guess you do. Nuh-uh. You better know what side you're You better know. You better know. Look that brother say they were both in the ark. The the dove and the crow like the hypocrite and the real believer in the same church, same pew sitting together. But you know there there is not two forms of eternal life. There's not a dove and a halfway dove. Half half half dove half crow. There it's either a dove or crow. There's nothing in between. It's either that's why everybody on earth is going to take one. It's going to be gripped by one or the other. Either this one or that one. No in between. It can't be me under a sin offering all the time and then be a sinner. You cannot. You never seen a sinner saint. You never seen a black white bird, a drunk soberman. No sir, you are either a sinner or a saint. That's all. Now, what's my take away from this? If I'm going to be a saint, I I want to be so full far on that side that it don't look at all like there's any on the other side. I don't want anybody thinking I don't want God looking at me and thinking, "Well, he he says he's a saint, but he's got some crow feathers in. I want to be so far. I don't want there to be any confusion. In other words, so it behooves us to check up ourselves. He said, "Notice the crow, the dove." Let's notice from Cain and Abel that was nothing in the world but Judas and Jesus. How do you tell the difference by the characteristics? Amen. That crow could eat dead things, but not the dove. That that crow had gall. It could digest both clean and unclean food. They could go out and eat a old dead horse bloating in the road or something, but not a dove. See, that's how you tell, right? That that crow could consume filth, dead bodies, clean food, whatever. And that crow represents a hypocrite. At church, it's real clean and everything, but then when it goes home, it's got to watch them old dirty movies and stuff. He's got to read them old magazines. But a crow, because a crow can do that. It can switch back and forth. It it don't just stay in the clean like a dove. It goes home and it's all it's all going. I'm going to go right back to the filthy like a old dead horse in the road. Right back. But not a dove. Hallelujah. A crow can fellowship with the world and the church. A crow's comfortable around death. Yep. And spiritual deadness. Deadness. Right. But but not a dove. Amen. A dove can't find rest or peace among death, unclean things. It's got to return back like that little dove back to the ark for fellowship. Amen. And that's why brother Ram said outside of heaven, Christianity is the the gospel is the a Christian is the holiest, cleanest thing. This is a clean, holy gospel that we're preaching. And so, brother want to say, let's watch the smoke. Now, y'all hang on now. I'm I I'm sorry, y'all, but I have no intention of stopping until I'm done this morning. We're going until we finish this. I've studied and I've labored hard and you are going to reap the benefits one way or the other. Brother said, "Let's let's watch the smoke." Now, I love these statements that he let's watch the smoke. In other words, you know, like if you're a cowboy in the woods back in the days when you you had to watch out for the Indians, uh, uh, the Native Americans. I'm not going to be politically correct, but that you and you see smoke, you know somebody was camping over there. Yes, sir. So, you know something's going on. And and in other words, when he says, "Let's watch the smoke," he's saying, "Let's pay attention to the signs or the evidence of what is happening spiritually." Be attentive to what is occurring. It's it's it's revelation. The smoke is is is looking at revelation versus religion. Cain coming up. He offered an offering. He built an altar. He belonged to a church. He knelt at the altar. He prayed. He worshiped God. God, he gave in his tithing. Look at all these things, brother. I'm saying he done all those things. But the difference is the revelation. See, the revelation is how you can tell the difference. The revelation is the thing. Right. When Jesus told Peter, "Flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my father which is in heaven." When the spiritual revelation of Jesus Christ, brother say, "He is the word. In the beginning was the word and the word was God." Amen. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And when that word comes into you, it's sharper than a two-edged sword. Amen. Even discerning the thoughts and the intents of the heart. Amen. discerning and discerning be means being able to tell the difference. There's the word coming in. Cain said, "I guess my mother eats some apples and she had to put on clothes." But Abel knew it was blood life cuz in the blood is the life and the life produces the character or the nature. The life produces the character. You think about Abel. Now, now let's enter into the story. Abel looking over there at Cain. Something seems different. I know we're supposed to be from the same daddy, but something's different. And and Abel began to ponder like just to dramatize. And God began to woo over him and and woo over those thoughts that he was having and and and reveal to him that it's life. And then you start working it out, thinking life. Okay, I need to offer I need to offer blood because the life is in the blood. While Cain is over there with just an intellectual understanding, I guess my mommy eats some apples. Satan's altar was always more beautiful than Abel's. Cain come up with with his nice real offer. We we know it's got to be fruit. So, here comes Cain offering some fruit from the field. He's got all these little his little cornucopia like we do at Thanksgiving. all this the nice pumpkins and everything maybe uh that he's offering from the field but Abel knew it's got to be life and he comes over there with his little didn't have a nice night sharp knife but he takes it a little sharp stone out and goes to hacking you know any real religious person would look at that and think well that that why would I have to come to God like that just like a real religious intellectual person seeing somebody snotting at an altar or rolling around crying out to God or or maybe praising their hands and worshiping God would look over at that and say, "Well, why does anybody got to do that? I don't want to come to God like that. I don't want to come and and and and die. I don't want to actually die." You know, brother said that Abel had to die with his sacrifice. that any real Christian that ever comes to God that you can't just come with your sacrifice alone, but you got to get up there on that altar and die yourself to identify yourself with his sacrifice to lay yourself your life on that altar and die. And that's what makes the difference. That's what makes the difference between a religious person that just comes to church and pays their tithe and they're doing all the dead works and they can't tell the difference between a real true gospel preaching and something that's fake and somebody that's been alone with God and they know what he they know who he is and they know where they come from. In other words, we say it like this. They know who their daddy is. When you know who your daddy is and you've looked into the word and you've taken God's DNA test and you can trace your lineage back, then that's where what gives you identity. I was talking, we were over at brother Jason Watkins and I was talking to him about that lady over there in India that that that where the the oil and the meal that had actually been replenished in her house. And you talk about I'm going to deviate from my notes just for a minute. You talk about somebody that can identify themselves with the word. She was there a little a little pulper had nothing and she she had nothing in her house. know, she was running out of food and God came on the scene and began to replenish the oil and the meal until every day she had enough to eat from. And she didn't even know that story about the little widow woman in the Bible that that that had been replenished until she was in church listening to the gospel being preached. And she went up after the after the service and told that brother that story that you were just telling about that little woman in the Bible that the meal and the oil was replenished. I am that woman. And the preacher said, "Well, well, sure, sure. I mean, that's great that you identify yourself with the She was like, "No, I really am." And she began to invite people over to their house. And they sat and saw the meal rise in that container after they ate from it until the seal from that container was pressed in the meal because it was so full. Oh, she was identified with what she was preaching. Now, see, that's how you know whether you are real and genuine is when the word of God is being preached and you identify yourself with it because you've experienced it and you've been there and you know what the preacher's preaching about. There's the difference. Oh, Abel sacrificed all of his rights. Can you identify yourself with that? But oh, that religious person like Cain, I ain't sacrificing none of my rights. If you're a lamb, you've got a right to it, but you forfeit your rights to Christ. And brother, I'm going say, I got a right to get drunk tonight. I'm American citizen. I got a right to smoke, but we forfeit our rights. I act like gentlemen, like ladies, dress it and act like it and live it. Forfeit your rights. And the devil's trick was has always been that there there was no difference. to cloud the difference to come in like suddenly where you can't see the difference like the children of Israel about to come into the promised land just like just like maybe many of us here today about to step over into the promises of a capstone revelation and here comes the devil coming it right like like they did with Moab coming in here Israel on its road to the promised land right and it met Moab with his Moab had they worshiped God probably over there praising God. Seven altars, seven bulocks, seven rams on each altar. Amen. Had a prophet. But what was different? I I was thinking about this when I was coming through the door to the pulpit. It sounds like there was a shout of the king in the camp. When I was coming through, everybody praising God. Now, there's a difference is down in Israel, there was a pillar of fire that was leading them. down in Israel there was that you know they had many problems many mistakes that you know you could do like s see s they're like balam and bail looking at the backside of Israel and see all the mistakes but yet they had the real life the real the true bloodstream down there in the camp they had the real word of God and the pillar of fire and they had a prophet down there that was preaching a real true vindicated message they had what what what what separated them had the real true supernatural natural characteristics of God. We say Israel and Moab were not the same. There's a difference between religion and revelation. Amen. You know what just religion is? It's like uh brother Ram told that story. He said there was a we were we were having a baptismal and and he said I was going sometime with a a woman to the river, a group of them, and a woman walked out there. They're they're doing what the Bible says, going to a baptism. Yeah. And she got out of her car and come across fixing her hair up. Let me get ready. Fixing her hair up. She wants to be pretty for the baptism. And she said, "Go on and take me down and dunk me, Brother Random." Now that's that's religion. Nothing from the heart. Just just just got something weird to say. Not not not going down because you won't because God's drawing you, but because there just maybe just something on paper somebody said for you, you need to go down and be baptized. But he said, "You're not you. You ain't fit to go in." That's right. They was going to have a singing at the church and some girl, she didn't even have enough money to get her some kind of a hairdo like that. She wanted to get up on the platform to sing. And he said, "When I found out, I wouldn't let her sing." Why? Cuz it ain't about religion. We won't Oh, this is a cleaned up Holy Ghost fililled gospel. And he said, "We need the oldfashioned scouring pad again in the church to where we're living right and walking right and doing right. Oh, we ain't got no place for religion. It's a heartfelt religion where you're going down in the water because God is pulling you and you coming to the altar because God's drawing you, not because your mama, your daddy, or somebody told you that's what you need to do, but but God God is pulling at you. He said, "What we need to do is like the elders, they were they were ordained in a minister in one time and in this in this old country church and they they wrapped the burlap around the he said, well, they were actually praying that way. They didn't actually do it." He said, he said, "Lord, wrap him up in burlap sacks and pour kerosene on him and set him on fire for the gospel." And he said, "That's what we need. We need to be lit on fire for the gospel until the whole world can see what we stand for." Amen. There's the question, are we a Christian? I'm about to close in a minute. Are you a Christian? He I asked a girl some time ago. Now, this ties in to that image of the beast and that second beast there in Revelation. He said, "I asked a girl some time ago, are you a Christian?" And he was over there in Sweden. He happened to run into somebody in Sweden that was from America. He said, "Are are you a Christian?" And she said, "I give you to understand I'm an American." Like that had anything to do with it. That Christian nationalism. Well, bless God, I voted for Trump. That means I'm a Christian. It doesn't mean you're a Christian. Oh, bless God. I went to Dollywood and they had a American flag on the stage behind and that means I'm a Christian. That that doesn't mean you're a Christian. It listen we that's what we got to be able to understand cuz the devil will come in with flatteries and he'll come in with subtleties and it doesn't mean you're a Christian just even because you associate with other Christians. He he said like that had anything to do with it. Christianity is the most cleanest, holiest thing there is this side of heaven. And we call oursel a Christian nation. We're no more Christian nation than any of the rest of them are. Amen. That'll poke it. That'll poke at some people. He said, "I'm glad that I'm an American and thankful for it, but I tell you, it certainly needs a counter revival. It sure does." Listen closely now. America needs a counter revival and it will not get it. That's right. Amen. America, yeah, put this out on the internet, America will never be great again. As much as what you want to join your your societies and things, it will not get it. It will not get it. There is no more revival outside of this word, a personal revival. America is not going to get a revival. It will not get it. No sir, she'll never rise again. But what what my take away from that is you better get out. And the only way out is up. You better get out because it will never rise again. [Music] Now, now listen, while we while we sit on this quote, I I want just examine ourselves. Why does this offend us so much? Why do we get so stirred when we read things like this? Is it because we're so wrapped up in the identity of of of America or something that we get offended by that? Where where are we getting our identity from? My brother Brandon said, I I'm not taking an American spirit. I I don't I don't want an American spirit. American spirit is that frivolity, that laughing through the graveyard, laughing at stuff. I I don't want an American spirit. I want a Christian spirit. I want to be a Christian. And I'm an American and I live here and I thank God for all the rights and all the Memorial Day and all those things. But yet, America, America, the American spirit, the America will never rise again. No, I I know I know this pricks us a little bit, but he said, "You remember how 5 years ago in Chicago that's on tape, you got it, Gene?" He said, "They'll either accept it this year or they'll constantly drop down. They will constantly drop down." And he said, "And they've done it." See, and they will do it till she'll finally meet her in. Right. Right. Now, if you study the message and you understand the prophet's message, the next things in line for America are a woman's spirit to take over. Whether that's a leadership, clear leadership by a Roman, the Roman system, or a woman becoming president or some figurehead like that, but nevertheless, a woman's spirit over the nation. And then following that, utter destruction. Now, that's bearing out what he said. She will never rise again. Now, see, we find those spirits. He said, "Watch, just about the time that Jesus came on the scene, Jesus. Judas came on the scene." Just about the time the Holy Ghost came on the scene, what happened? The Antichrist came on the scene. Yes. John says, "So, little children, be not deceived by it." The Antichrist is already at work in the world. And he said, "See, it ain't coming in these last days. It's already there then. It's always been. Amen. Just watch just about the time the antichrist is holding itself up now and taking all the churches, even our Pentecostal into the big morg up here. Right, the confederation of churches. Amen. Which will form the image of the beast. Hallelujah. Now, now I say this in a warning way. You know how God always does things in an unexpected way. Absolutely. We're just going along. You're going to to your little watching your little shows and and reading your little stories and things and all of a sudden, wait a second. Did that's actually Wait, wait a second. We got an American pope. Didn't Did wasn't that prophesied years ago and then people get to scrambling to go getting things lined up and that's exactly how this image of the beast is going to work out? It's it's going to catch people off guard. and and and look, brother said, "How far away from the spirit of God can you get when you start wondering, oh, how we see now the antichrist beginning to unfold itself, taking a hold in the nation, that antichrist spirit moving, forming up the world council of churches, forming out everything until the till the spiritual world and the governmental world are united. Now the that second beast can just do whatever it wants to. If you don't agree, then all of a sudden you're boycotted and you can't you can't buy or sell. You can't you can't uh however that unfolds, we'll see because God interprets his own word. But but you know, back when brother was preaching this, they had just elected John F. Kennedy. And just a few years before that, the Catholic Church had voted in Pope John the 23rd. And brother Ram made this statement. He said, "Even elect their own man, the other churches forming in with it, making one great big ecclesiastical head." You know, you can see even back then the we had the the first Catholic president over the United States. That's right. And and for us that that are more young and don't realize it before the first Catholic was president over the United States, it was really weird in the US for a Catholic to be president. I mean you they they had polls mo most of the people they would like they they would say on the polls, I will never vote for a Catholic ever. I don't care whether he's a Democrat or Republican. I don't ever vote I will never vote for a Catholic. Then out of the blue they voted for a Catholic and here he is a a Camelot looking real nice you know had swayed all the women in the country on his side because you know his wife had all the nice parasols and everything and look look it made it look real nice and see that's how the devil will come in here you've got a a Catholic president calls it looks nice and Pope John on the other hand Pope John didn't he he didn't like swoop in with the world council of churches but he cracked open the door for unity with other churches. He started to open up with his second Vatican council. If you go back and study those things out, he he cracked open the door to where we want unity with the rest of the world where before Pope John the 23rd, all the other uh all the other popes were like the Catholic Church has got it. We don't want to have any fellowship with anybody else. But here he comes cracking open the door to what's he doing? Cracking open the door for this movement to begin moving. Way back then in 1961. That's right, brother. Amen. And now Catholics are fully mainstream. Before before JFK, they they were treated like culturally, religiously, other just like put in a different category. They were they were subject to job discrimination, housing discrimination, anti-atholic propaganda. But now, not now. No way. Look look at it now. Years later, Catholics are fully mainstream. They have taken over. Even at my workplace, everybody I work with is Catholic. Everybody, everybody in Congress, everybody. Joe Biden was a Catholic. It's now we've got now, now you have a Catholic president and it does not face any real suspicion. It's not where they used to be concerned about JFK taking orders from the Vatican. That's right. You don't have that any kind of suspicion anymore. Right. Because things have changed. I'm I'm I'm skipping ahead so I can close. I'm I'm sorry. I'm breaking my promise. I'm I'm going to close with this story. The the real you can follow that that strain all the way down through scripture of the real religious, the carnal. Oh yeah. And the real the real true genuine believer is sealed by God. Amen. And brother Brandham, he finished this story when he was preaching the mark of the beast and the seal of God with this little story that illustrates what it is to be really sealed by God when his plane he he was flying into Memphis and his plane went down and and they put the airline put him up in that Peabody hotel, that fancy Peabody hotel, you know, where even today you can go and they got the ducks. That's their their call sign. They got the little ducks that'll come out and walk to the fountain and swim around. And brother Ron said, "I couldn't afford that place, but the airline put me up in there." And you know, all things work according to his will. Seems like, you know, you you get all we get all worried because things don't happen right or whatever. And look look at Brother Brandham, the plane's down. They It's broke. They got to fix it. They put him up in this hotel and he's maybe wondering what's going on. And and God eventually, you know, they they they uh he he leads him down. He he said he got to walk in that morning and walked down to and I I pulled it up on Google Maps. I was looking how far he walked. I know brother Andre He had actually traced it out and it's miles. He walked and walked. He walked down to South Memphis. He walked over the little there's a little creek that runs at the bottom of Memphis. He walked and walked and walked and God kept telling him. Now you think now in your in my mind if I if I knew my plane was I was going to miss my plane. I I' I'd be kind of nervous. But he's just he's just following the leading of the Lord through Memphis, through me all way until he got way on the other side of Memphis, leading and leading. And now on the other hand, on the other side, there's this little this little woman that that she really had an experience with God. And it wasn't put on. It it wasn't it wasn't something that she could maybe post about things on Facebook and everything and get everybody to see what a great Christian she was. But there on the side of her bed all night, she was praying to God for her little boy who had got an STD. And and she said she she had prayed to God for this little boy and and tried to raise him up the best she could. And and and she prayed until brother Random said 2:00 in the morning. She fell asleep on her knees praying. On her knees praying. Now, now that's now come on now. That's how you get something from God. That's right. Is be perseverant. Get a little bit desperate and don't give up. Don't that don't don't and don't pawn off your responsibility on somebody else. If God gave those kids to you, you could do just like that little woman and get desperate and pray through until God does something. And she fell asleep on her knees and she saw God gave her a dream of a man walking but down the street in a tan suit with a tan hat on. Right. God working on both ends. So that when now here she's entering into the story, she knew when that man come look, she had so much confidence in what God had showed her. There's a revelation that she went out and stood until the dew fell on her shoulders by that fence. And she stood by that fence waiting for her answer to come by. Right. Yeah. And when brother Brandham come walking by, he was singing a old Pentecostal tune and whistling or whatever, you know, singing a song and not worrying at all about that plane. And he come walking by and she was standing there and and and she said, "How do you do, Parson?" And I said, "How'd you know I was a parson?" She said, "Did you ever read that story about the Shinomite woman?" Now look, she's identifying herself with the scripture. I that's what every every born again child of God can do is identify yourself with the scripture. I said, "Oh yeah." She said, "I was that kind of woman." And they went in the house and he said, he said, "I I've been in king's palaces. I've been in nice places all over the world. A nice places where it looks like that is where God would go to visit." But there in that little humble home, she had that little sign over the door that said, "God bless our home." And he said, "I felt more welcome in that little that little shanty on the side of the side of a nowhere road in the middle of Memphis than than I was in King's Palaces." And he said, he said, "Auntie, would you lead us in prayer?" And he said, "She prayed a prayer. She prayed a prayer that rang my heart." Amen. He knew that she had been in touch with the master. Then she said, "Won't you pray?" And he said, "I knelt down. I put my hands on his feet and I said, "Heavenly Father, it's after 9:00 as the musicians come. My plane's been gone a long time. I pray you to be merciful." And he prayed just a little simple prayer. And then that little boy said, "Oh, mama. Oh, mama, it's getting light in the room. Amen. Oh, God is getting light in the room. Listen, there's a difference between the seal of God and the mark of the beast. The seal of God might be just in little some little shanty on the side of the road somewhere where God bypasses all the great stained glass windows of the world and comes down their little simple humble heart. Somebody that can tell the difference. They can tell when it's a prophet come down the road. They can tell when your answer is on its way. I wonder this morning if you need an answer, if you can recognize that your answer is here as we stand to your feet. Whatever you have need of, we'll say it like this. Your answer is here because your answer is laying in the word. If we can identify ourselves in the word like that little woman over there in India that could identify herself with a woman that when she needed meal and oil, God come on the scene. A little woman there in Memphis that when she needed something, God come on the scene to answer her prayer. Brother Brham would ask this question to the people listening to him. He said, "You, would you raise your hand?" Let's bow our heads. Let's bow our heads. Would you raise your hand? Balcony or bottom floor? We've combed through and through each night. There perhaps was another one in there tonight. Raise up your hand. Will you do it anywhere? Say, "I want to receive." Do you want to receive this morning? I know the service has been long. Maybe we're tired out, but yet God is in the building. Amen. Do you want to receive? Just lift up your hand, Lord Jesus. Lord, we're living in that hour of deception, Lord Jesus. Lord, we're living in the hour where according to the scripture, everyone will either either take the seal of God or the mark of the beast. And Lord, you see these hands raised up to you, Lord God, desiring something from you, Lord Jesus. Lord, Lord, where there's a deep to call, there's a deep to answer. And I'm so glad this morning that we serve a God that answers back. And I pray, God, that you'll touch every needy heart this morning, Lord Jesus. Everyone that's reached out to you for a special touch. Lord God, be with your people, Lord Jesus, as we worship you now. Amen. Let's sing it to him. Lord, if you have a need, we'll be glad to pray with you. For your mercy fails me. You believe God is in the building. I've been held in your hand. Let's just take a few minutes to die out to him. From the moment that I wake up, he doesn't want partial worship. He wants everything we can give him. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. For I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You are close like no other. Hallelujah. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of [Music] God. And all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. I will sing of the goodness of God. I love you Lord. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. In all my days, I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you've been faithful. Oh, and all my life you have been faithful. your all my life. You have been so so good with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God cuz your goodness calls. Your goodness is running after running after me. Your goodness is running after running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after running after me. Your goodness is running after running after me. Your goodness is running after running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. [Music] Your goodness is running after running after me. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. And every breath that I am faithable, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you've been faithful. And all my life you have been faithful. Hallelujah. And all my life you have been so so good. and every breath that I am able and I will sing of the goodness of God. Hallelujah. When I look oh around and see the good things he has done for me I know I'm worthy of him all and his blessings only really I my life to him to thank him for and I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see all so lovely to me. And [Applause] with all he's done and where he brought me from. I got so much to him. And sometimes while on this way I feel and stop and say your thank you for all you done for me. And when I reach [Music] sweet once more I got so [Music] much. [Music] Hallelujah. I've got so much to thank you for. so much to pray for [Applause] [Music] singing way from our God so much to Thank him for singing in those lift hills and praise him. I've got so much to thank you for so much to praise for you see [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] When I [Music] see my so much to him for I've got so much to Thank you for so much to praise and for so good to me. [Applause] When I walk away, he brought me from my so much to thank him for. Amen. We've got so much to praise him for. We just don't have time to praise him. You think about when uh Rahab was on that wall and the walls came down and she married she married into praise. She married into the Judah whose banner is praise. So many things that she look she can look back and thank God for bringing her out of. Amen. So many things to thank God for. When you look back and remember what he's done for you and where he's brought you from. [Music] Well, I think you got some announcements to make, so I'll just turn it over to brother Wade. Let's give our brother. Amen. We got so much to thank him for. You ought to go. You ought to sit down sometime and uh just write down Oh, just write down on a piece of paper. I know that's hard to do because we have computers and all that other stuff, but just take you a little scratch pad one day and just every time you think about something God's done for you, just write it down. May not think of something till the next day, write it down. May not think nothing till the next day, but just keep you a pad there and write down. Listen, we always think about all the bad things we do have been done, right? We always No, let's meditate on the good things that he's done for us. Cuz God's good. He's not bad. He can do nothing bad. He's always doing something good. We just got to attach oursel to that. But that was wonderful. Best, best, best job. Good job. And we pray that that anointing will stay on you and when you get out there to brother Chris Longs and you'll take that same message and preach it to them. And man, that was good. Good job. Good to see everybody here. Good to have our sister that was here today from uh she's actually from Romania and uh um she was uh here visiting her son. And then good to have all the I don't know we is there any bautistas that are not here. You there's there where's the sister? The sisters back there. So we got we got them from from Honduras. They're there. Yep. The husband. You've been here before though. God bless you. We appreciate you. Love you with the love of the Lord. Thank you all for coming and we sure appreciate the Lord giving us what we need in the hour that we need it in. And we need it this hour. Amen. Amen. And and as Bob was saying, uh, America is going to look great, though. Okay. America's going to look great because remember peace peace and then come in with flattery. There's going to be a deception there that everything's going up up up. But it's just it's just a facade. Exactly. It's a facade. It's what? It's what Satan wants you to see. Exactly. But see, we see and it's and it's really interesting that Brother Brown said that in 1955 in Chicago cuz that's where the Pope was born at that same year when he said America's gone. If she don't accept them by 1956, she's gone. Well, now you got the two married together and we're fixing to either be in or be out. The door's getting ready to close. I just feel it. I know it. Um I pray that you pray. Why do we want to pray to stay here? Who wants to pray to stay in this in this world? Lord, just keep me here. Well, you know what? He may just let you do that. But I want to be I want to be ejected out of this place. Uh this world is not my home. I'm just passing through. And as as a brother said, this is just the beginning. This is not the end. This is the beginning of your Christian journey is fixing to come up. The real one you're heading to. Amen. This is the trials and troubles and tribulations, but that's going to be an eternity of pleasure that we can't even think of. You could drive yourself crazy trying to think about eternity, but just don't do it. Just be satisfied that it's here. And then what it'll do, it'll lead you and guide you into all truth. So, you just depend on that guide to lead you and guide you into all truth. Uh, next Sunday we got um foot washing and communion and brother Bob will be gone. Um, I'll be preaching this Wednesday night. Just pray for me. I'm having a endoscopy on my throat and stomach Wednesday morning. So, maybe I'll be able to preach Wednesday. I should be able to. So, um, and then just remember what's coming up. Brother Trevor Emans is coming on Sunday. And then I want to announce that um, Father's Day weekend. We always try to do something that we haven't been fishing in a long time. But on that Saturday, which is June the 16th, I think that Saturday, all the men and the and the young kids, boys, cuz it's Father's Day, we're going to meet at the deer lodge and have supper up there at about 4:00 on Saturday. Now, if you want to go on up early to Helen and do some things, if you want to, you can do that. But we will as a church group will come together with the men and all the men and the and the um young men will eat at the deer lodge at 4:00. The church will be paying for it and that'll be our gift to you on Father's Day. So remember that there whatever the Saturday is before Father's Day. We will go to uh to the deer lodge. If you don't know, if you've never been before, it's just like today. We got a lot to eat. We had a full meal today. Yes, sir. You'll get a few You'll get a full meal there, too. So, the natural meal, but we had a real good spiritual meal. I want you listen, the atmosphere, the worship, everything was done the way I I just really when I when I took over, really took over, I wanted our worship to elevate. All right. We've got the preaching, right? Come on, people. We got the preaching. Yes, sir. We need But we need to make sure we reap every benefit that God's got for us. Right. Amen. It's just not all the preaching. Yes, it is. That's the most important thing. But what brings the atmosphere as brother Bob said coming out we we were uh we were laughing. Uh Abby went to graduation and and um she gra or she graduated and we went to watch and brother Joe and him were there and uh Trudy was there. Collins and and they were and sister Christine. I'm going to tell on all y'all. Every one of you and Bella and Zoe. We had several people there from our church. Y'all scre They screamed the whole time. The whole time. Abby Abby Grace Roberts come walking down the thing and they're like I said, "Can we have a little bit of that at church? Can we have just a little bit of that at church?" And when they were walking down the aisle, they were high-fiving everybody. And I thought, "Bob would go crazy if we all stood right there." And and as he come in the door, we were high-fiving him, you know. But listen, they were happy they graduated. We better be happy that we're heading to a graduation. We got to go through the school. They went through 13 years. Somebody said, "Why are they so happy?" I said, "They spent 13 years doing this." Well, listen. You plug in that how many long hours and years you've been a Christian. There's one day you're going to graduate. But you got to go to school. You got to take the hard knocks. You got to take all this. It's a preaching spirit up here. I'm sorry. All the hard knocks. But one day though, that's going to release. And when it releases, listen, it's not going to release up there. That's right. We're going to get changed down here. Amen. We're going to have a a resurrection down here. This is where our graduation day is going to be. And then we're going to get out of here. And we're not ever going to have to deal with this world again. That's right. This world is not my home. I'm just a passing through. Amen. God bless you. All minds clear. Amen. Um, just thank brother Bob just just that he yielded himself to the Lord. It wasn't brother Bob that spoke to us today. That's right. Amen. Everybody with me? When brother Bob speaks to you when when when he speaks like that, that's the Lord speaking. And he's speaking to your heart, not to your mind. That's right. And just remember that mark of that beast. The Bible specifically says in, not on. You can tattoo 666 on your forehead all you want to. People tattoo it already. All right, but it said in in inside your hand and inside your forehead where your thinking is. So that's it. Don't be looking around trying to find, oh, that's the mark of the be. No. If you're not born again, you already have that mark in your mind because your mind is not the mind of Christ. That's I'm sorry. That's just it. you if you don't have the mind of Christ, if you don't have the Holy Ghost that's washed that mind of yours and not your brain, I'm talking about your mind, your heart, your soul. If it hadn't marked that and sealed that, then you do already have the mark because what is the mark of the beast? It's turning the word down. And until you get the new birth, you are literally turning the word down. That's right, brother. You're turning God down. Amen. Remember God said Moses or whoever it was said they they turned turn no Moses they didn't turn you down they turned me down right what through Moses or through a Christian if you turn God down you're just not a Christian you can't be you can't fight right God can't fight God it's opposing forces and that's what we're looking at opposing forces anything not word related it's the antichrist that's Right. Amen. Anything word related is the antichrist. And like I said, don't look for the sign. I mean, signs are good, but we in the right vehicle. I believe I believe we're in the right vehicle. And I believe we're on the right road. Watch the signs. Look for the signs. Caution, warning, got to stop. Look at the signs. But that's not going to get you. You got to have a vehicle first. And that vehicle will take us. But I'm telling you, I I'm like, Brother Bob, every time I pull on a uh I'll go to YouTube and I'll look at some of these political pundits and all this stuff and they're talking about the Pope here and you know, the Pope's going to do this and Trump's over here going to do this and you all you do is see I the world is just half are afraid and half are don't know and half don't half don't care and half are afraid, right? But when you can start see what we see, we've had it in our mind. We've been preached this for years. Brother Brown said it in 1955 and then in the 60s the pope's going to come out of the United States. Well then all we see is well here's a political power over here. We know it's here, right? We know this is over here now and we know they're coming together. You just watch and see them two will get together if they hadn't already got together and that's the two leaders of who we're talking about. If they ain't already got together, they're going to get together. That's right. And they're going to bring everybody together and they're going to bring those preachers that were all up there the other day at the White House. All they Pentecostal, they was charismatic. They were all in that room together even with the Catholics, right? And they come together in unity. But see how false that is though? Because that sounds good. We're supposed to be in unity, right? The Bible tells us unity of the faith. We're supposed to be in unity together. But that's the right kind of unity. When they unite, it's going to look good. This whole world is going to just be drunk. They're already drunk. The Bible said they'd be drunk on the wine of the fornication. Well, everything that's not of God is of fornication. So, right what the Bible says. Amen. Okay. Anyway, so let's close. Sometime Thank you, brother Bob. We're just going to keep this right here and they'll be here Wednesday night. Amen. Thank you, buddy. That's the best you ever done. I I appreciate that you poured your heart out. I appreciate it. Give me one more good hand. But just remember these things coming up. Remember Father's Day weekend, Saturday 4:00. Saturday 4:00 we'll meet at the deer lodge. If you don't know where it's at, we'll all get together and go. If you want to go on up Saturday and do some they got plenty of stuff to do up there, fishing, um putt putt, and all kind of stuff up there if you want to do it in Helen, which is just a few more miles up and you get to the deer lodge. So all mine's clear. You love the Lord. Amen. He's good to us. Amen. He's in the building. Yes, sir. And let's just take him home with us. Let's bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, thank you for this day you've gi us. Truly, Father, this is a special time coming up on Memorial Day. Lord, what a memorial we can put in the books today of our Christian experience that we've been told, Father, that you love us. You care for us. We're chosen, predestinated, and we're in the right place. Father, I pray that the ones that are not will be convicted so much in their heart, Lord, till they'll want you more than anything in the world. Father, just be with us now. Be the ones that were sick that couldn't be here today, Father. The ones that are sin sick, Lord, that we're we're claiming, Lord, all the ones, Lord, that are out there in the world, Father. cuz it's being a late hour, we're compelled to as the Shunimite woman did, she got down on her knees and she prayed for that lost son that she had. Father, I pray that we'll pray for our lost children. Lord, more now than ever before. And Father, you'll be with us now and take care of us till we come back together on Wednesday night. Lord, we love you, Father. We love the things that you've given us. We love the atmosphere you've given us today, Lord. Now, we pray that you'll not lift that off of us, that it'll stay on us, Lord. It'll keep us and anoint us, Lord, for the things that we need to do the rest of the week. Father, have a good Memorial Day tomorrow. Lord, I pray that you'd just be with the ones, Lord, that have lost loved ones in the wars and many different things. Father, that even now, Lord, there's still some getting killed. And Father, we pray that you'd just help each one, Lord, that's lost something in their life, Lord. That it would truly be a memorial day to you, Father. that you gave your life. You had the greatest battle that was ever fought and you won. Father, you ward it out in the garden and you went to Calvary and you shed your blood and gave your life for a sinner such as me. I thank you for that. Father, what a mighty God we serve. We pray these things in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed. Oh, there's a river of life without me to walk you up to see. Open prison doors. Set the captive free. There's a river of life flowing out from me. Bring up old well within my soul. Bring up a well and make me whole. Bring up a well and give to me that life abundantly. Oh, there's a river of life flowing out from me. Made the lame to walk and the blind to see. Open praise and doors set the captive free. There's a river of life flowing out from me. Bring up within my soul. Bring up and make me whole. Bring it to me. Oh, wonder. Oh, there's a river of lifeowing down me.
