################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - 25-0518am - Son of Man (Adoption Time Pt.6) - Wade Dale - Wade Dale.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-18
Title:    25-0518am - Son of Man (Adoption Time Pt.6) - Wade Dale
Speaker:  Wade Dale
Church:   Spoken Word Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 6m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MppQxV_Ag-I
========================================

Description:
25-0518am - Son of Man (Adoption Time Pt.6) - Wade Dale
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Those who take joy my king in what you hear. Make me a sweet sweet sound in your ear. Amen. God bless you. Happy to be here with you all again. Amen. Just pray the Lord bless it. The scriptures that I'm going to read this morning. I thought of it when after this little guy that uh left his gun out and killed his baby brother. and he went to court this past Monday and they gave him um 10 years probation. But I talk to him all the time praying with him, but I haven't heard a voice from him to say, "I thank you, Lord." And this scripture I read is kind of remind me of him. We're going to read from St. Luke 17 1- 21. Let us let us pray. Heavenly Father, we are grateful and thankful for this opportunity that you have given us to come together to worship. Father, we pray and thank you for all that you have done for us, Lord. How you let us be strong and continue on with love in our hearts for you and Lord for one another. We ask you Lord whatever we do God let us thank you for it and ask you to bless us and bless our hearts there be any sick among us this morning father take the sickness away if there be any lost Lord that need you to deliver them God we pray that you will in Jesus name we pray amen in St. Luke 17:20 11-21. And it came to pass as he went as he went to Jerusalem and passed through the midst of Samaria and Galilee. And as he entered into village, there came stood a far off. And they lift up their voices and said, "Jesus, master, have mercy on us." And when he saw them, he said unto them, "Go show yourselves unto the priests. And it came to pass that as they went, they were cleansed." And one of them when he saw that he was healed turned back and with a loud voice glorified God down his face and his feet and he was a Samaritan. And Jesus answered and said, "Were there not 10 cleansed? But where are the nine? They are not found that return to give glory to God. said this stranger. And he said unto him, arise, go thy way, thy faith has made beehole. And when he was commanded of the Pharisees, when the kingdom of God should come, he answered them and said, "The kingdom of God come not with observation." Neither shall they say lo here or lo there for behold the kingdom of God is within you. Amen. God bless you. May be seated. Amen. Amen. Thank you Lord. Brother Emanuel, you want to come and take the offering, brother? And then we have brother Evan. You can come on up, brother. Heavenly Father, we're so grateful that you are Jehovah. Father, we bless you. We thank you, Father. We honor you with the tithes and offers. We ask that you multiply it, Father. We just thank you, Father, that you give us the strength and the will, Father, to produce in this life. That you are our provider. We honor you, Father. We give you thanks for in our lives. We give love and cheerful giver, Father. We ask you a to Jesus Christ. Amen. Brother Enez, come on up. God bless you. [Music] No shore. [Music] [Music] Yeah. [Music] Please [Music] lovely bless. [Music] through. Oh yeah. [Music] [Music] Glory. Hallelujah. [Music] Mon [Music] Guess the rest. Who kills the [Music] boy? Yeah. [Music] J [Music] was the sh. [Music] Oh sh. [Music] What we love glory [Music] [Music] You [Music] left Gly. [Music] be I'm a true [Music] as holy you left [Music] was the [Music] Lovely. Oh J. [Music] Amen. Glory. Amen. Thank the Lord Jesus. Amen. Let's stand on our feet. Sing this joy that I have. Amen. Says, "The joy of the Lord is our strength." Amen. Thank you, Jesus. This joy that I have, the world didn't give. Oh, this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Singing, the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Amen. This [Music] peace, this peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this peace that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Singing now. the world didn't give it. Can't take it away. [Applause] Glory. My This word that I have, the world didn't give it to me. My word that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, it's a word that I have. Oh, the world endures. Oh my the world. Come on. Amen. I can't hear everybody. This is a joyful song. Come on. My Lord, his joy. Do you have that joy? Well, let him know. The world didn't give it to me. Myest joy that I had. Come on. The world didn't Oh yes. Mine is joy that I am. My my the world didn't give it to me. My the world didn't give it in the world. Come on. Amen. With all your heart. This [Music] peace, this peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Mindest peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Mindest peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Glory. Come on. The world take it away. The victory. This victory that I have, my God, he gave it to me. Yes, this victory that I have, my life, he gave it to me. Oh, there's a victory that I have. My God, he gave it to me. Think about it. My God, he gave it. And the devil can't take it away. Amen. This Holy Ghost that I have the world and give it to me by this Holy Ghost that I have. Thank you Lord. Glory. Oh, this Holy Ghost that I have, the world and give it to me. The world and give it and the world can't take it away. Thank you, healing. This healing I had. My God, he gave it to me. Yes, there's healing I have. My God, he gave it. Oh, is this healing? My God, he gave it to me. Yes. My God, he gave it. The devil can't take it away. Oh yes. My this joy that I have, the world gave it to me. My this joy that I have, oh the world, my Lord, of this joy that I have, the world and give it to me. the world and give it and the world can't take it away. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap. Praise the Lord much. Thank you, Lord Jesus. You ready for the word? Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Come expecting. Amen. And we will receive. Amen. Holy your words long preserved for I walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life, words of hope, give us strength. Help us cope in this world where we roam. The word of God will guide us home. Word of God ever true. changing meaning and changing you. Oh, we have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. Holy words handed down to this age came to us through sacrifice. Oh he the faithful words of Christ. Holy words long preserved for I walk in this world. Sing it to him. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God. You going to get your portion today? Word of God ever true. It'll change me and change you. And we have come with holy hearts. The word of God is impart. Word of God is the most important thing we'll ever have. It'll sustain us. Man will fail you. I'll fail you. But the word of God will never fail you. It will always be the same. It's been the same for eternity. And it will not change. So we can put our faith in that. not a man that tells us three or four different interpretations of what the word says. We have the direct interpretation from God of what he actually was talking about. My what a what a hope. It's not a hope. It should make us be faithful in everything that we do that this message is correct. And that we are in that final voice for the final age. Amen. God bless you. Good to see you. Today we're going to have a um a time of graduation downstairs and a little party down there. Don't anybody leave. Um they'll be uh honored for their graduation um efforts and um we will have cake and ice cream also. So we sure do appreciate everybody. love the little um everybody's got their little setup down there and and um you'll see some of the things that they some of their accomplishments and uh and all that. So, just congratulate all of our uh graduates. Um and you know, some's already got their graduation um they've already graduated. You know, Dad, brother, um brother Richard, Marlo, they they've already graduated from this from this part. So, um, they'd had their graduation day, but you know what? That one's that one put them into eternity. This one's going to put you to work. Yeah. That dreaded four-letter word that Yeah. Brother Luis will be speaking for us this coming Wednesday. This coming Sunday, which is Memorial Day weekend, I'll be at Brother Dut Scots. Brother Bob will be speaking here. Regular service time just like always. So good to have uh Sister Isel. Isel is Yeah, that's Yeah, brother Donado's daughter. Not that brother Donado. That's not Junior, but Senior's the one that preached for us a couple weeks ago. That's her his daughter there. So good to see them. Also good to see Daniel back. Where's Daniel at? Father D. He's back. Good to have you back, man. I'd come back from San Diego, too, wouldn't you? Especially at uh H Esther. That's what I said. Boy, y'all got hard hearing. Bless your heart. Okay, so that's what I heard. So anyway, but good to have you with us today, Sister Astra. And uh we sure appreciate your family and u wish you well while you're here. And then when you take off back home, tell them all we said hello. We sure do appreciate your mom and dad and your whole family. All these brothers scattered around here somewhere. We appreciate them, too. So, uh, let's turn our Bibles in the book of Romans. And we'll start today a little bit a little bit different. Not different, but maybe going a little um background a little bit and then going to a little bit of a uh something that we had skipped, but now I'm going to come back and bring it in. Just remember all these uh meetings coming up uh July I think we pretty much got everybody um situated for that weekend at brother uh Andre's. So um we are uh confident that uh we're going to have a good time. There's 68 people signed up to go. So there won't be hardly anybody here. So we're not going to have a service that weekend. It will be live streamed from there just like it was last year. All right. But um if you haven't signed up, you still got a little bit of time, but I think pretty much everybody signed up that's that's wanting to go. So uh and we have rooms for each one that has asked for them. So uh we will uh take care of that for you. Uh you get there and we'll take care of them. We'll have food there. Pretty much all the foods covered except for your Sunday meal after service. We usually go to a place called the Farmer's Daughter, which is a an Amish restaurant, and you'll have to uh you'll pay for that for yourself, but just like we did last year. So, let's bow our hands. I know we all have needs. We all come here today, so we got a need. Dear heavenly father, thank you for the blood of Jesus Christ. Thank you for the word of God. Thank you for sending us a prophet. Lord, we thank you, Lord, for so much that we are privileged to see. And now we're seeing prophecy unfold in front of our very eyes. It's not something in the future that that some prophet saw. We know that happen, but we're living the reality of it today. Father, I pray today, Lord, before we leave this building that something will strike our heart to dig deeper, to want more of you, to want more of this precious, bleeding word of God, and that we'll take it, Lord, and and it'll sustain us even when we go out, Lord, into the world and not do the things of the world, but we have to work and we have to do the different things, Lord. I pray that you would be with each one. Be with these new graduates, Lord, as they step out into a new era of their life, a new season, Lord, that if they want to further their education, that's wonderful. If not, Lord, I pray that they'll put you first and then ask for a job, Lord. And I believe, Lord, that you're faithful. If they're if we're faithful, you said you'd be faithful for us. Father, just be with each one. Forgive us of our sins and many mistakes. Bless the ones that are sick, ones that are not here. Lord, I pray that you'd give them a touch in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Remember Sister Regina, she's recovering good. So, she's watching in, I'm sure. So, Romans 8:15, for you have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but you have received the spirit of adoption. That's what we'll be talking about. We're talking about adoption time. All right. But you have received the spirit of adoption whereby we cry aba father. What is the spirit of adoption? We'll talk about that but a little bit. The spirit of adoption is growth. The whole spirit of adoption is is you're in the family now. We're going to grow. All right. So, that's the spirit of adoption. If you have the spirit of the devil in you, you can't be adopted by God. Everybody with me? All right. Brother, brother Dale said many, many times, God does not adopt the devil's kids. Okay? He adopts his own children. But there is a method and a way to do that whereby we cry aba father the spirit itself witnessing with our spirit that we are the children of god not we're going to be but we are the children of god and if children then hes of god and joint hes with Christ everything he gets we get. He went on the mountain he got adopted we go on our own mountain and we get adopted. All right. God puts us in a place, puts us up on a not a pedestal, but he puts us up on a place that it's not that we know more than you. It's not that the person that's going to get it. No, when you get to that spot, then you're more humble than you've ever been in your whole life. Okay. Brother Brown said one time Jesus went on the top of the mountain, got the adopted, and six months later he was in he was at on Calvary. So, it's really not going to be a um as we were talking Wednesday night, it's going to be a separation time. It's going to be uniting for the bride, but a separation time even from maybe your own friends. Amen. If so be that we suffer with him, what we've been on, that we may be also glorified together. You may be seated in Lord of the blessings of the reading of the word. And that we may be glorified together. For now, here's Paul's summation. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time, everybody's going through a season of time. Everybody's going through some kind of issue sitting in the building today. We're going through a period of time that maybe was different than before. But as I said before, the tragedy that happens in your life will define who you are. It will build your faith. It will never destroy you if you're a child of God. How many of you today want to have ill will against all these graduates, especially the ones or of your own children? You don't want to have ill will. You want to give them everything they need to get started right with. So God wants to give everything he's got. And he's perfect. So what he gives, he don't have to say, "Well, now we can do the same thing. We can say, well, man, I wish you were, you know, the kids would do this." You try to push him over this way and and boy, don't we mess up sometimes. Oh yeah. I mean, we mess up sometimes. So God doesn't mess up. When he's nudging you or pulling you into one direction, you need to what? Yield yourself to that and let him pull you on in into what? Himself. All right. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time, that's why I'm got it written. Present time, it's not you're going to suffer your whole life. Come on. What's suffering? As we've been talking about, we've never suffered like Job. We've never suffered like Isaiah. We've never suffered like the twel apostles. We've never suffered like that. But we have our own suffering. See, even when you get born again, there's a suffering. As we were talking the other day, there's a there's a a separation time where where your friends, if they're not born again, they're not going to understand you, and you're not going to want to be in their circle anymore. They don't understand why, but you what? There's a separation there. All right. When you come on up to adoption again, when we come up to the opening of the seventh seal, when that seventh seal opens, what did brother Brandham tell us? He said, "Hundreds of my friends will leave me." Because they all had the idea of the of the Jews. That wasn't the Jews under the altar. That was the Christian ones. Like brother Ram said, same thing. He said the same thing. Come on. And that the white horse rider was the Holy Ghost and all these different things. But when when the seals opened and all that got pushed away, then he lost a group of people. He lost another group of people when he continued on to being and preaching that the seventh seal was the experience that he had. Amen. That's what that seventh seal is. It's your experience with God and God putting you on display. So if he's going to put us on display at that time, we're going to lose even more friends. We're going to be misunderstood by more people. Everybody with me? Not everybody's going to see the opening of the seals. Yes, they did open in 1963. But if you haven't come to a place of adoption where God cuz remember that seventh seal is who? It's Christ. Seventh seal is Christ on the earth in a group of people having headship. Having complete Christ the mission of God reveal complete preeminence in a group of people. Amen. There's your power. Amen. But without character is satanic. I'm going to read a quote here in just a little bit. Brother Bob was reading a scripture about stumbling block. Brother Brown told us he said a even a Christian without these virtues working in their life is a stumbling block or a stumble block. He said took me a long time to find that one in the quotes because he didn't say stumbling block. He said stumble block. And if you don't do it correctly then you got to it takes you a while to find it. But he did say what? You're a stumbling block to the world. You're even a stumbling block to believers. I don't understand why some of you do what you do. You don't understand why I do what things that I do. You got to you got to take that individual person and person by person. Look at each one. You got to look at yourself. You got to examine yourself. Quit examining brother Carlos. He got it now. You have to wait a second when you get the interpretation here. He was on my roof yesterday um pressure washing my roof and he looked like somebody from Arabia. He had all kind of stuff hanging down to get the keep the sun off of him. So, but we appreciate you doing that. But, but we're all individuals. We all go through our own time. We all go through our own We have our own purpose. Now, you got to find that though in the journey that you're taking. You got to find what your purpose is. Right. Right. Well, I don't know what my See, like high school graduates in some college, you're asking yourself maybe the same thing. I'm going to read you some some scripture here at the very end to admonish the graduate to do the right thing. Put God first, though. If you don't put God first, you will never ever You might think you're successful here. Listen, the rich young ruler thought he was successful up to a point. Right. He told Jesus himself, "I've done all that." But there was one thing he lacked. And we'll look at a little bit later. It's not part of this, but it is part throwing in here that that we do have to even as we graduate from justification to sanctification. And then we graduate through the virtues and all the way up and then the what is the total graduation is? Is we get our degree and it's not in theology, it's in neology. Yeah. Amen. We get our we the more we brother said what the greater man gets, the more he gets on his knees. The way up is what? Down. So everybody remember that. We all need to remember that. That's why we get caught up. That's why I was thinking the other day this world is caught up with what can I accomplish? Because now it means more money. It means more stuff. It means more prestige. It means more more likes on Facebook. Come on. Right. This is trending. Why is this trending? Cuz it's what the world wants to know. What are we trending? If we had a faith book, would our faith book show that we're trending toward Jesus Christ or we're trending or we're letting the world in? You better think about that. Are you reading your Bible more than you are your Facebook? I think some of you cannot answer that. And I'm not going to ask cuz it'll embarrass you. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. So look, you and I, whatever, whatever effort you're putting in, it's going to be made known. We are going to manifest what we are inside. We may sit today and be a peacock. I mean a um a a blackbird and we got peacock feathers stuffed in us, but there's going to be a time when you're going to have to display who you are inside. And listen, if it's to be revealed in us, then listen, the discernment has to come from here. It won't come from the Baptist. What are they discerning? He's three. Baptism. He's this. He's that. You and I have the perfect word of God to go by. When we open that Bible, we have confidence that that's what God said. Amen. Not that's what he meant, but that's what he said. Now listen, he may not verbatim say it cuz that's a revelation. He said, "I thank you, Father, that you've hid this." Why didn't Jesus say it? Why didn't Jesus just not say parables and just tell them exactly what to He was hiding it. Right. But he said, "Remember, the mysteries are are held for you to understand." Yes. You're the only people that will understand the kingdom of God. Amen. Because remember that kingdom is come. It's not coming that over there. It's coming this here. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven. So this glory is going to be re revealed in us after we go through our time of whatever you want to say suffering. Some people's suffering are different than other people's suffering. Amen. Some sufferings you don't need a meal. It shows. You can laugh if you want to. But we manifest what we are and who we are. I mean come on. We do. You know you're not you're not going to see me um eating uh what is it? Josh, where Josh Hummus stomach intros? Where's Where's Where's sister? We were at brother Anderson's house one time and we had some goat belly there and I I said, "There's a way more around on the outside of that goat that I can eat besides getting to eat on what's on the inside." But see, that's my revelation. Your revelation may be different than that, but my revelation is let's stay on the outside. Don't worry about the inside. So, we have a promise though in Ephesians. Now, what was Ephesians? Ephesians, brother Ram said, Ephesians parallels Joshua. And Ephesians was what? A setting of order. It was a it was the showing the Ephesian church was the strongest church there was. Paul could talk about all kind of doctrine and they didn't get all hung up like Corinthians. Every time that he every time he'd send a letter to the Corinthians, there'd be something happened. He'd send him another, there'd be something happen. He'd send him another, there'd be something happen. First Corinthians, 2 Corinthians, he kept writing letters and telling them, "You're doing this wrong." But the Ephesian church, he set everything in order. So, let's read this right here. Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ. Now remember that's the believer's position according as he has chosen us in him. Us in him. As I said Wednesday night, you couldn't find me in him before the world began. I was there. You were there. Every born again believer was there in the DNA of God. Amen. But you couldn't pull me out as a little soul and say, "I'm running around in heaven and I knew you." No, you didn't know me. I didn't know you. Amen. Listen, you didn't know God till you got born again. You didn't know God till that peace that he had, that peace, that part, that word of God that he was came and dwelt in your soul. You didn't understand God. That's the only way you can understand God. But according he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world. That look that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. Now watch this journey. according as he hath chosen us in him. We know why he chose us and how he chose us. Right? Everybody with me? He chose us by fornowledge. Cuz every person that came out of the womb, every person that comes out of the womb of a woman is and has a choice. It's a free moral agency or a free will to decide what you want to do and what you don't want to do. And listen, God's not going to cross that line. Now, God's purpose will always happen, but God's purpose is he saw what he had to do before the foundation of the world to get you here, to get you somewhere to cross paths with the word of God. Amen. All right. So it didn't it didn't that God God just said, "Well, he's got free will. I'm just going to go sit up here and let him do what you want to do." No. Listen, his hand is in everything. That's right. Like I said before, his nos are the best yeses you'll ever get. If God says no, or if a door shuts here, if you're a Christian, if one door shuts, one's going to open. How many of you sitting in this building that's happened to? Brother Boy, I know with experience with him, you sit there and you go, I don't know what in the world I'm going to do next. That's the way I wanted to go. That's the way I felt led to go. Well, you might have led yourself. But what did God do? He give you something better. Didn't he not always give you something better? If he didn't give you something better, then you remember you got to go back to put him first. Everybody with me? That's why I said before, if you got a if you got a job, but you have to work on Sunday. I'm sorry. God didn't give you that job. You say, "Well, I can't survive." You ain't trusting in God. Amen. That's right. Right. If God gives you a job, he will give you a job to work around your church time. If not, then he's what? He's wrong and he's not wrong. Maybe you got caught up in it. Come on. We had a brother in another church long time ago. He said God spoke to him and told him, right? Some of you do what I'm talking about. for him to work overtime on Sunday so he can send the money to the missionary field. That brother wound up having all kind of health issues. He stopped couldn't didn't go to church on Sunday, so he backslid. Now, was God in any of that? God was in one thing standing at the very end of it saying, "I told you not to do that and you did it anyway." It sounded good. Did it not sound good? Oh, I'm going to take it. I'm going to make three times on Sunday what I make usually and I'm going to take every bit of that and give it to missionary. That sounded good. But it wasn't the will of God. It wasn't the purpose of God and it was not in the word of God. Amen. Amen. But we'll talk about that later on with the with the u graduation. Because let me give you a little pointer here and I'll read we've read this quote many many times. I got it right here in front of me in questions and answers. Brother Bram said if you if you're planning on getting planning to get married, get married. If you're planning on planting potatoes, plant potatoes. You can't decide that tomorrow the rapture is going to take place. But if you don't put God first, you may stay here after the rapture takes place. Right? But if you put God first, seek ye first the kingdom of God. Amen. Children, take everything. Young adults now, not children, take it and lay that thing out. But put G O D. Put God first. God first. And then what's going to happen? You know what? If you're a child of God, like like I said, if you're a child of God, he's got his hand on you already. Amen. You may not know he's got his hand on you, but he's got his hand on you, helping you, through life. Listen, folks, when I was growing up, and no, no disrespect to anybody in the message, but when we were growing up, it was nothing but dos and don'ts. It was I'm sorry. And I didn't know what I mean, that was nothing for the youth. You youth, you've got all kind of things to to uh to support you with. Can I get an amen? Amen. To support you with if you'll take it. But we just got thrown out in the world. And I'm sorry. It just became our time that that when we got finished with with our 18year-old or got finished eating out of under mom and daddy's table, we left. Cuz daddy told me, he said, "As long as you eat under you put your legs under my table, you're going to do what I ask you to do." That's right. You going to church. And we did until my legs got out from under his table. But I had a hard life because of that. A hard life because of that. And for those of you that don't that that are getting started, listen to try one time. My kids asked me one time, they said, "Dad, why can't we do what we want to?" Josh ain't in the building, so he Oh, he's right there. He's okay. What can we what why do we have to do what you say? I said, "Okay, this is a house. It's my house." I said, "But now if you want me to transfer it over into your name, but oh, you got to make the mortgage." Oh. Oh, and I need a pair of tennis shoes about every two months. Uh, you're going to have to give that to me. Um, I want something to eat. I don't want no cereal ramen noodles. Praise the Lord. Right. Come on, girls. If you can, I said if you Oh, light bills do. Phone bill's due. I Josh, I need gas in my car today. If you can do all that, you can do whatever you want to because it becomes your house then, right? I said, "But as long as you in my house and I'm paying the bills and I'm buying you something beside ramen noodles and and I and water to drink, then you going to do what I ask you to do." But now, you know what? God's a good God. But God told us that what? Amen. He said, "This is my house." This is my house. This is this is God's domain right here. Yes, sir. And that domain has decid he has decided to make that domain inside of me and you. Yes, sir. Amen. So this is the house of God. We can't do what we want to do. You know, that's what I said about suffering just for a minute here. Suffering to suffer to rain is not having to be, you know, they're not going to pull your nails out. They're not going to stick, you know, nails through your eyes or, you know, that suffering. Right. But when you go to the store, you don't go over in the aisle that's three sizes smaller than you're supposed to have on. I hope that sinks in. There's two aisles I've never been down in my life. Well, well, no. Small and medium. Never. I don't even know where they're at. I know where the large and extra large is. And there's there's a few two X's. I've been down that aisle. Is everybody with me? But when you're when you're anyway, when you're the head of the household, listen, you got to watch your clothes. Watch your kids. Remember, you're their Holy Ghost until they get the Holy Ghost. Amen. So wives you or sisters, you say, "Well, I could Jim sometimes she'll get her hair and she'll get it all fixed up and and it'll fall over on this side. It fall over on this side." That's suffering to me. I mean, we just cut our hair and go on. But sisters have to take time to get their yourself at least presentable. Well, to me, that's suffering because what does the world do? They open up the Max Factor cabinet. I got a bump or two or three right here. Young teenagers. I just think I'll cover it up a little bit. Now, who told you to do that? That's putting on makeup. That's putting on makeup. But I'd rather see a sister walk in here and sit down that's got bumps all over her face and be a Christian than to try to hide it with pottery. PL. That's all that stuff is is just pottery. You smile and it just cracks. And you've seen that, Brother John. I know we've seen it. You looked at the girls and you go, "How'd you get out of the house like that?" That's the same thing with you brothers and sisters here. I want you to look at your kids and look at your family when they walk out that door. And if they don't look presentable, you turn them around and send them back in the house. Everybody with me? Amen. The shape of a woman is only to be seen by her husband, not by the world. That's right. Everybody with me? You say, "You're getting you're getting legalistic." Well, I'm trying to save your soul. We can talk about seals and vows and plagues, but Brother Brown said, "How am I going to teach them algebra if they can't put the right dress on or can't do the right thing?" Amen. All of us, we we all got things that we need to sharpen our sharpen our sword on. Hallelujah. Jun Jun will ask me, she'll say, "Hey, does this look good? This look presentable?" And I have had to tell her, "Probably need to put some on up here." Right? She don't mind telling you, "Put some on here." She'll sew something in. Well, see, to me, that's you're suffering for for the cause of Jesus Christ. The world just wears off. You drive by drive by all these drive by drive by all these Methodist fab. We just drove by one a little bit ago down on Caroline Road. Woman came out of the sanctuary with pair of blue jeans on and they were turned up in the at the bottom. You know, like pedal pushers or whatever you might call it. That's the way she went to church. Right. Now, God don't like that. Right. Right. You say you're getting Well, I'm going to be a little bit legalist cuz some of you people in this church right now sitting here today, you need to put on a dress about three sizes larger than the ones you got on. Now, listen. I told June, I said, "Look, you put this, you've been putting my pants too long, too long. You've been putting them in the dryer cuz they're shrinking." And you know what my sweet wife will say, right? I haven't even put them in the dryer one time. She's just a good cook. But we want to clean. We want to be a clean. We want to have our clean mind. We want to have a clean heart. When we come to church, we ought to be able to sit and worship God and not have to worry about that devil anyway. So, let's grow up with God. Clean oursel up. Hallelujah. cuz he's going to have a bride without spot or wrinkle. All right. Amen. And the suffering of this time. Sometimes we have to suffer through those things. Those things. And And I always go back to a lot of you don't know sister Cindy, which is your cousin, right? Brother Donny's cousin. Um, you know, brother Dad. Brother Dad. He was my daddy, so I can call him brother Dad. Brother Dell, you know, you sometimes you wonder, did he even have eyes to see? No. You know what he had eyes of? He had eyes of grace. He had eyes of grace. Cuz Cindy would come in, she's had all black on, black lipstick, black lips, black that, black hair, black pants. And she sat right there where Janine sitting, right behind where brother Collie's at. She sat right there. She come in and kept sitting right there. She come in, kept sitting right there. About a month later, she asked you, didn't she? She said, "Where can I get a dress?" Well, Brother Dale hadn't been sitting there going, "Now, bless God. I ain't talking about you, but she asked and then the lipstick come off, then the earrings come out." I'd rather see somebody come in like that, folks, that it takes a little bit of time to get a revelation, not a do and don't, but to get a revelation because you know what? If you, this is this is what I'm telling you. If you sisters that was in the church at that time, some of you were not. Some of you sisters that was in the church at that time, if you come in with the same thing she had on all the time, she'd feel comfortable, right? But she didn't feel comfortable because everybody wore a dress and nobody wore makeup and nobody had on earrings. So, so she was she conformed to the spirit that you emanate. Every one of us has got a spirit and it emanates from us and it may not be holy sometimes. Everybody with me? Amen. I didn't know you had to do this being a pastor, but sometimes it hurts me too. But but but Cindy wore dresses. She quit dying her hair. That was how much she come up here one day and she said, "I want the Holy Ghost." Now, daddy didn't say, "Well, now bless God. Quit cutting your hair. Go back there and sit down and and and get you a dress, right?" No. He prayed for her to get the Holy Ghost. And I believe in her simple way, she got it. Right. She's not a scholar. She's not a Sunday school teacher. But I believe she's a born again Christian because her life totally transformed right here in front of all of us that were here. And she didn't get preached on every service. Right. According as he has chosen us in I'm never going to get anywhere. Before the foundation of the world that we should be well, here we go. That we should be what? Holy and without blame before him in love. That's right. Having predestinated or listen, having predetermined, come on, listen to me, what we're going to be when we get here and live our life because predetermined is your destination is determined beforehand. And that what's predestination mean? You're pre you're predestined to do this. But it's not because God stamped it to happen. God didn't pull you through a tube and say this is the way you're going to act. Everybody with me? But by his fornowledge, he knew what when when you would come up to a situation or or even now some of you that are sitting here that I am talking about today, if you don't change your dress style, then you didn't get the Holy Ghost for one. I'm sorry. You need the Holy Ghost to change you. Amen. Having predestinated us and unto what? So, we're all predetermined to come to adoption, but not everybody gets it, cuz it's tough, right? Power without character is satanic. Listen, we have the most powerful message on the face of this earth today. It has bodychanging virtue in it. No one else has that. It has body changing virtue in it. Amen. So when we come to this place that we're adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. And what is his will? His will is his word. All right. To the praise of the glory of his grace. So you got to put grace in there wherein he hath made us accepted in Jesus Christ. May I not may I interpolate? That's who the beloved is. That we may be accepted in Jesus Christ. All right, everybody with me? Now this is a quote and I'll read I'm gonna read it again. Unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him. We have to suffer to reign. Amen. Amen. The reason for this is that character simply never is made without suffering. Character is a victory, not a gift. A man without character can't reign. Well, what you got to reign over first? Yourself. Oh, now brother Bob, if he'll get his self straight, then I probably would. Monica says, but anyway, praise the Lord. No, I got to worry about my character and the power that goes behind my character and the power goes behind your character because adoption is placing it's putting you somewhere where you need to be. Amen. And listen folks, God foresaw that that would be your place and he can't change his mind. So he foresaw you at a place and that was the place that you were the most happy. Hallelujah. That was the place where he could talk to you more than he did when you were in another place. Amen. A man without character or a sister. Now we got to put the sisters in here too. A man without character cuz you know why the sisters can look at us. Sure. We're supposed to give. We're we're responsible for you. We know that. Why? because we're the head and you're the you're the body. But you still have to come you have to have your own character. You can't say I'm going to heaven because of my husband's character. Well, if my husband get in line, I would foolish. Amen. Foolish characters of victory. I mean, listen, how many of y'all have had victories in your life? I know you have. You come to church today. Remember how many demons you already destroyed since you walked in this door. I don't want to come demon. I don't like my pastor demon. I don't I don't like Sunday school teacher either. Demon, we conquered all those just to get here today. So a man without character can't reign because power apart from character is satanic. But power with character is fit to rule. Rule what? rule this first. Amen. And since he wants us to share even his throne on the same basis that he overcome and is sit down in on in his father's throne in not on in. Amen. Then we have to overcome to sit with him. Yes. All right. So So if you want to sit with Jesus Christ, do what? Overcome. He that overcometh. Every age had to overcome something and they did because God wouldn't have put it in the Bible. He that overcometh will get this. So you and I our overcoming is is we get this right here. We get to sit what in authority on the throne with in the throne with him in the throne room. Cuz what? And the little temporary sufferings that we go through now is not worthy to be compared to the tremendous glory. Let's stop here just a minute because I know some of the some of the uh younger people, the graduates and all that, you're you're you're like, "Man, I'm going to be X and I'm going to make all the money I can because X, whatever your X is. But if you don't put God first, we're going to read about a guy here in just a little while that he did get all the riches in that he wanted, but it was one thing he lacked. One thing kept him, it even actually put him in hell. Everybody understand? It put him in hell. So let's don't do let's don't our career our career should not affect our Christian life. You can have a career and it not affect your Christian life. You say, "Well, I can't make any money." If God said he would take care of your needs, not your wants, not four cars in a garage, maybe one and a half or two. I don't know how you get one and a half car. Well, that's what the statistics say. That in America, we every family has one and a half cars. Well, how do you do that? That means some only have one and some have two. You know what I'm talking about. on average. But that's what he gave us. And he gave us a way to get what we needed through our Christianity. Yes, sir. Amen. Everybody with me? And you say, "Well, what about listen Bill Dao?" Everybody know who I'm talking about. Bill Dao, brother Bill Dao, Dao that Brother Brandham, he he he's done a lot of things for brother Brandham and he even still has a or his wife has a school in India that still funded by the millions that he made in the 60s, 50s, right? He was an older gentleman, millionaire back then. Well, he funded a lot of brother Brandham stuff. I'm sure he funded because remember they built him a parsonage and paid for it. Right. built the church, added on to it, zero money. That money had to come from somewhere, right? But God put Bill Dao in a place to where he could use what he had. And I think he had something to do with corrugated paper or or corrugated boxes or something is how he made his fortune. But what I'm saying is he he you see these people that make a fortune and they go off into whatever debauchery, all kind of stuff that they because they have money, they have power. But then you see God taking somebody like Bill Dao. Even somebody like the guy that owns the um Hobby Lobby, he's a Christian man to be a nominal Christian. Look at look at Steuart Kathy. He's passed on, but his kids are they don't open on Sunday. They stand for Jesus Christ as much as they know. They're Christians as much as they know. Right. And they can be closed on Sunday and do more volume per store than McDonald's staying open 24 hours a day. Seven days a week, right? I've never seen a Chick-fil-A that wasn't full. Have you? If it was, it was right before it opened. That was about it. Or right when it closed. Why you say, "Oh, those are the little things. It's the little foxes that spoil our vine. So why not it be the little things that add us that keeps adding the little things to get us where we're supposed to be?" Amen. Amen. Well, it's turned into a life lesson today, but that's okay. Amen. But a little temporary suffering we go through. I know some of you that graduating now, you had 12 years of suffering. Bless your poor little heart. If time goes on another 12 years, you'll say, "That was nothing. That was not that was what? Suffering? No. This is life. Where's my mom and daddy? We're there if you need us. You know that. But we have a heavenly heavenly father that we don't have to call on the phone and try to find we can pray to him right then and tell him our needs. But a little temporary suffering that we go through is not worthy to be compared to the tremendous glor tremendous glory. Brother Ram keeps telling us to be revealed in us. to be revealed in us. To be revealed in us. I mean, listen, how many of you would love to have a uh, you know, I've been owner. We have several people that had ownership and and have several people working under you. What if they were all born again Christians? I'm talking about born again, full of the Holy Ghost. Amen. You might still have a few problems, but you sure won't have as many as you have with a bunch of whatever is working for you now. Oh, what treasures are laid up for those who are willing to enter into his king. I'm sorry. Just something went across my mind. Your ne you're not going to hate your neighbor when you get to heaven. Your neighbor's not going to be your father. Why? Because we're all going to be in the same spirit. We're all going to have the same thing. We're all going to have eternal life. We're going to be so happy. Oh, what treasures are laid up for those who are willing, now watch, willing, to enter his kingdom through a little tribulation. No, it says much tribulation. You say, "Well, why fight?" Well, I'm going to tell you one more time, kids, and even us adults, eternity is eternity. I know we can't fathom that in our brain at the moment. I mean, really, there was no end and there's no beginning and no end and and we're never going to get old and we're going to like everything and like everybody. That's a hard Sue. Be careful. That's a hard thing to fathom. That's why we got to be believers. We got to believe in something that we can't see at the pro at the moment and what we're going to be. Yes, sir. We can't fully see every bit of it. Amen. Amen. But through much tribulation will enter into the kingdom. And whatever, anything here that gives you satisfaction, listen to me just for a minute. Anything on this earth that gives you satisfaction besides God is temporary. Everything. It will fade away. It will not go into this new city. It'll stay right here and it'll be burned up. Listen, it's not bad to have a little have a little jingle in the pocket. Not bad to have a fat bill fold. Unless it's all the bills or receipts, but why? But you got to decide whether that's what you want to do or not. Cuz this world will let you have what you want. Listen, y'all can even work from home now. Man, we've had to fight and commute. I mean, I drive at least a quarter of a mile to to the post office. I tell them I said, "Man, the traffic was bad." There was two dogs and three cats got run across the road in front of me. One girl drives from Cleveland and she said, "I had to drive through Gainesville." I said, "Well, that's your problem." Well, what am I trying to say? You have something to do with all of this, right? Amen. And I'll promise you one thing. You cannot go sit at your house, go inside of your home and sit down, play video games or whatever. You listen, even read your Bible and say, "God, give me a job." And somebody walks on, I'm giving you a job. No, there's a little effort got to be made. Get off and on. Get off the and get on the put out your resume. Is that all right? Because listen, unless God comes in the next 15 minutes, you have a future. You have a future. When you walk out of this door today, you still you've got a future. And you and I have a future. We have to grow to get to it. Right? It's not Listen, God's not going to dump everything on us at one time. He knows we can't handle it. He know Listen, what if you had all from like you're you're in the first grade. Anybody ever even remember being in the first grade? Except you look at the picture and go, "That wasn't me." Yeah, it was. Big ears, fat. Yeah. Anyway, that was Terren. That wasn't me. Y'all thought he was talking about me, didn't you? Sorry about that. But you may not you can remember the night you got born again. You may not remember all the problems you had when you first got born again. But that's here. We're living in the present. If you're still a baby, it's okay. Listen, it's okay. God said your children, but he wants somebody that he can depend on when they open their mouth. Amen. And a lot of us, me included, God can't depend on every time I open my mouth that something's going to come out of it good. Well, then everybody said, "Well, pray for me then, y'all. Bunch of saints." But child training, though, remember, God's perfect. He's a perfect teacher. Amen. He has the perfect curriculum. Yes, sir. His textbook have not had to be rewritten and updated. His message didn't have to be changed. Who changed? We did. That's right. We changed to conform to his image. You got that right. We have to, brother. So, we had to get back to that. We had to get back, brother's telling us, we had to get back to the same teaching, everything exactly with the vindication of the same pillar of fire that struck Paul. So what happens is we've we've come now to this place to where we have by the new birth, we've we've come to our Canaan land and we've crossed over. Everybody with me? Yes, sir. We've crossed over into our placing. A lot of people didn't get to that placing part. Everybody with me? Right. We are at that place that we're crossed over Jordan and we're here with our Joshua which is the Holy Ghost which is leading and guiding us through our ministry ministry not minister ministry right and the Bible prophets message. Amen. I believe in press and play. That's right. But press and play ain't going to get you in the promised land. It ain't gonna positionally place you. It'll get you in there. It will not positionally place you only through a five-fold ministry. Because why would he say at the very end of that five-fold ministry, for the perfecting of the saints, for the edifying of the body of Christ until we all come to what? The full stature of a perfect man. So the same teaching had to be back then is now. Yes. All the scruples and all the things that were messed up. Now, brother Ram tells us the word becomes you and you become the word. Yes. Continue on a little bit faster. You become Listen. You become the word as you receive the word. Listen. You become the world as you receive the world. Come on, somebody. Yes, sir. You receive what the world has. But you have a filter that you can kick it out. That's right. Praise God. You have the ability. Yes. Some people don't have that ability, right? Drugs, alcohol, sex, whatever you want to call it, they can carry right on through and it doesn't bother them because their conscience is not absolutely the conscious of the Holy Ghost. But if you got the conscious of the Holy Ghost, it'll put the brakes on. Oh, yes. Right. Same thing with you brothers and sisters looking for a job. If you got the Holy Ghost, he said he leads you, guide you into all truth. You say, "Well, he ain't got nothing to do with my with my personal life." Well, yeah, he does. He better have something to do with your personal life. You become the word as you receive the word. Now, we were talking about this um Wednesday, and it's just a little something to help you. Remember, we did not come here on the earth with us in him. I mean with him and us, right? We came here born in sin, shaped in iniquity, sponsored from my mother's womb, a liar on our way to hell. Now, brother Barham said that he was a sinner and he was going to hell. Okay, is everybody with me? But there was a theophony, the great king theophony, the word theophony or an immorphy body that we talked about which came into the person of Melazdc and then he came into the person of Jesus Christ. The reason I'm telling you this is is because that theophony is what's going to give you your adoption. You can't have get adopted without that theophony. Part of that theophony being inside of you. He knows what to do. Brother B said she'll know what to do with the word. She who she the bride will know what to do when a situation comes up will not have no answer. We'll have an answer when you come to that adoption. You will have an answer and it will be correct. Yes. That's why brother Brandham had to come to his adoption on that mountain when the sword fit his hand. And then you see that he was identified here when the cloud came. Everybody with me? Then what did God do? He put the sword in brother Ram's hand and said, "Hey, the seals now need to be open." Yeah. And when those seals opened, it was contrary to he you I'm going to read it to you later in the in the series. Brother Bram said, "Contrary to what I believed, right?" Because of his progression of ministry, he had to come to a place where God adopted him. Because what did he want to do then? As soon as he opened his mouth on those seals, that was the lamb preaching those messages. That was God himself. Now, now it was back here. It is for other brothers. But I'm telling you that special time was when that seal those seals opened. It wasn't a man filtered through a man's idea. That's right. Amen. Come on. It was God himself. He had took over the mind and said, "This is it." Brother Brown said, "I've I've I've never worked in this realm." He's had healing ministries, people raised from the dead, healed the sick by the hundreds of thousands. He said, "I've never worked in a in a way, my ministries never worked in a, in other words, I'm going to say it, in a power, amen, that has ever worked before." Even though there was a power of healing, there was manifestation of of all these different things, but this right here, he said, "I've never worked in this realm." Why? Because brother Ram knew it wasn't him. Amen. It wasn't him at all. None. That's right. Apart from man's ideas. He said, you say, "Well, that was for him." I believe you. We all have to have a sword in the hand experience. If you're going to be born again and come to adoption, you got to have the word in your hand experience. And it's got to be able to fit your hand. Amen. Sisters, it's got to fit your hand. That's right. Amen. Let's continue on. Oh, I want to read this right here because I I come across this glorified Jesus 1955. We were talking about that theophony thousand years maybe from tonight. The wind are blowing howling across the barren world. Your tombstone may come out of the dust. Your name's on it. But where's your soul? Remember, you're going to be somewhere. There was a time when you was nothing or nowhere. Everybody with me? There was a time when you was something, you was nothing or nowhere. But there never will be a time but what you'll be something are somewhere. That's pretty profound. We were nothing. We come to this world to develop our person, our individuality. Yes. And it's either going to be for the devil or for Christ. One of the two. Yes. No in between. But once you come here and start developing, you're going to be something cuz that something's going to the white throne judgment or that something's going in the rapture. One of the two. And you're going to be somewhere. You're either going to be in a burning hell or you're going to be in heaven. There's no two. There's not a purgatory. There's not a there's not a place of ease that maybe I can live over here a little bit and I'll live over here a little bit. That's what we do in our in our human life. We want to live over here a little bit and then when not when we can't just really, you know, we really can't live over here. So, we just live over here a little bit. Nope. Can't do that. Everybody with me? So, Brother Brown tells us he said, "Your adoption is not your birth." I think we've come through all that. You receive the new birth which is the theophony of God in portion of what you have. Everybody with me? And it is God. It's not something else. It's God. He can do that. He can multiply and never get weaker. We can't do that. We call it watering down. God don't water down. The more people he gives a new birth, the stronger he is. So he gives us a new birth. He gives us part of that theophony. Now, that theophony is your new birth and it can stay there in your soul and will never come out of it. If you're truly born again, it will carry you to your future home. Right? But now, if that's all it was, then God, and I don't mean this sacrilegiously, God spent a lot of time writing a Bible that he really didn't need to write. Now look, if you all right, if you were in the first grade, you sat there in the first grade, you learned everything you needed to know. Why is there a second and a third and a fourth and a fifth? Why is there books you got to read? Why is there a college you got to go to? Why is all that? Cuz it's called development, right? It's your human development. Listen, it's your human development once you get born again. It's your human development intertwined with eternity. Amen. Or intertwined with what? the spirit of God. Yes. Right. And then you still got your natural thing you got to live. That's why God listen, God, that's why I said God spend a lot of time writing the Bible when all we had to do is go, "Oh, all I got to do is believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved." Okay? No. He wants you to grow just like you're growing as a human being. Amen. He wants you. He's happy to see you take the word of God and grow. Amen. He's a He's a a gloating parent. Cuz that's what it says when we read where brother R says that the Holy Spirit is your tutor. And he goes back to the father says, "Man, he's just like you." Or he goes to him and says, "He ain't acting very good today. You probably need to go sit in there and close the door and let me take care of him cuz he probably failed today." You know, I'm sure y'all are not none of y'all's going through that. So, just pray for me. So, but your adoption is not your birth. Your adoption is your placing. Now, that's what we want. We want to be placed where God saw us before the foundation of the world. And listen, if he saw us before the foundation of the world, in a place in a position, we're going to get there. Amen. That's right. So what? Do I put my dependency on me or do I put my dependency on God already seeing that? And what? Feel the pull that's pulling me toward it. Amen. Your adoption is your placing. When you were born again, John 1:17, when you're born of the spirit of God, you are sons of God. But we were predestinated. What? He predetermined your destiny by what he saw you do before you were even born. For there was a world. Amen. That's why you can't fail if your name's in the lamb's book of life, the eternal section. You cannot fail. There's no way you can fail. But he wants us to come to adoption. If we don't if we don't come to a place to where God can use us exclusively, you with me, that he can't fulfill all the scripture, right? Speak to this mountain. All these different things. Brother Bram says, "Come into speaking condition." Some of y'all need to come into You're already in sleeping condition. So adoption is what? Placing you're a child with God. Now he's talking to the Pentecostals. And they did. Listen, the Pentecostals in 1906 Street and the ones that Brother Ram saw and and and dealt with, a lot of them were born again. Come on. A lot of them were born again, but not under his era, not under his time or his time of placing. They lost their placing. right? Says, "Oh, you're a child of God." I say, "This is what hurts Pentecostal a little." They say, "I got born again. Praise the Lord. Got the Holy Ghost." Fine. You're a child of God. That's right. But yet, that ain't what I'm talking about. See, you were predestinated unto adoption. Adoption is placing or establishing or to set forth. I like that word there, to ordain. Right? So remember what the fall Adam was in a position of authority. Are with me? Adam was in a position of authority. Complete authority. What he said happened. All right. Now to get us back into the condition, an e an Edenlike condition. What do we got to do? There's got to be an Adam. There was the second Adam, but now where is that second Adam? He said, "Okay, I'm going to adopt a group of kids. I'm going to adopt a group of people that's going to take us back to the garden." Oh, praise the Lord. Before the fall, that's what's going to come down, folks. That's what we're going to live in. We're going to live in another Garden of Eden. Brother Brian, read future home. He said, "Another garden of Eden has begun." Amen. That's right. But you got to have a part of that inside of you right now, today, or you'll never get there. That's right. Amen. Let's skip through this. Get to a point and then we'll stop. Oh, here. Romans. Here's Ephesians 4. Now, this is Paul. There will henceforth be no more children tossed to and fro carried about with everyone to doctrine. Now, God is telling you there are going to be a tossing time. There's going to be winds of false doctrine. Amen. There's men that will slight you or that are cunning. Amen. And they're going to lie and wait to deceive you. Right? They're coming that we henceforth be no more children though tossed to and fro with all this stuff, but speaking the truth in love may grow up into him look in all things which is the head. Amen. Even Christ. Romans 8 29. for whom he did forno. He also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of a son. He saw a group of people. He saw a group of people come to adoption. Now, we can, you know, we can sleep our way through it or we can we can say, "Well, it denied and say it ain't coming." Remember the scripture says, "Oh, they've been saying this since the dawn of time." You know, granny told us that Jesus was coming and and granny's granny's told him the same thing and granny's granny's granny's told him the same thing. Well, there's going to be a time, folks, when this thing's going to be over. And because of the signpost that we're seeing, remember, we're seeing the signpost. I believe we're in the right vehicle. I believe we're on the right road. But there is signpost to tell us, hey, you're almost there. Amen. Hey, you're almost there. You've got a prophecy that's being fulfilled. Now you're going to see another prophecy fulfilled. Now you're going to see another prophecy fulfilled. And we just keep what? We just keep driving down the road. Don't look right or left except look at the sign. And that sign is going to take us out of here. Now remember though, remember a wicked and adulterous generation seeketh for a sign. But remember, seeketh for a sign only. It's like I said before the other day when the pope came out of the United States, man, it was just all over. Blowed up the internet, all the believers, you know, and and uh I told him I didn't tell them. I was wanting to tell him that this is tomorrow's Mother's Day. Can y'all let's preach a Mother's Day sermon. Let's don't preach about the Pope coming out of the United States. I mean, they were, you know, they were telling you his his onesie size. Brother Bob, you laughing. I know that they were talking about the day he was concepted, his conception. They went back nine months when brother Ram said that what he said and he said something else and that's just it ain't garbage. It's good. But let's don't major on a minor. The pope coming out of the United States is not going to adopt you. But your adoption is going to carry you through that. Not turn right or not turn left, but keep going straight ahead. Amen. Because we're what? We're mature Christians. And many people, I'm telling you, many people waited for that to happen cuz like I said before, I got a couple phone calls from people that hadn't been back to church in years. Oh, what about this pope coming out of the United States? I started say, you get in church. I don't want to talk to you about the pope. You get back in church because that's not going to put you nowhere except in hell. That's right. Cuz remember those signposts are there for us to see them. Don't pass them by. But remember, we can't we can't major on a minor. Brother Ram told us that in the healing campaign, you can't major on a minor. We can't major and say, "Well, this is it, boy, because the pope and I've got this figured out and I'm going to and the gold and this is coming and that's coming." Quit wasting your time. Amen. Amen. The world's going to do what God saw him do. But he's als you're going to also do what God saw you do. What you did about it. Everybody with me. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. In other words, he is our first fruits. He's the one that we look at. He come to adoption. Brother Ram come to adoption. We can come to adoption. Amen. Cuz he said, "But when what?" For we know in part, we prophesy in part. Those have been the years, the years of preparation. But when that which is perfect, it's come. That which is in part shall be done away with. When I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child. Didn't matter. Didn't matter to God you was a child. 30 years later, it didn't matter that you were a child. I thought as a child, but when I became a man, I put those thoughts and ideas away. Away. I didn't build on them anymore. I put them away. For everyone that uses milk is unskillful in the word of righteousness, for he's a baby. But strong meat belongth to them that are of full age. Even those, now watch, even those who by reason of use. Even those who by reason of use, that means you read, that means you study, that means you pray, right? That means you come to church. If we have to keep preaching on people coming to church, then it's horrible. You're just lost. I mean, just absolutely lost. Amen. Or you just don't believe everything brother said. I guess we get to pick and choose now. That's what the people out there are doing. They're picking and choosing what they like. Oh, brother. That seven said, "Boy, the pope come out of the United States. Where have you been?" "Oh, I don't think we need to go to church every Sunday now." Well, that's your problem. That's not brother Ram said. That's right. Strong meat belongs to them that are of full age, even those who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil. So how you going to discern good and evil? You are exercising your faith. You are exercising, listen, garbage in, garbage out. Holy Ghost in, Holy Ghost out. Pure word of God in, pure word of God is going to come out. All right. the harmony. God wants us all to come to adoption. Every one of us. And he laid it out there. Even listen, if he laid it out there for Cain to even get saved, he sure will lay it out there for his children to further their education through the gospel. But the harmony he wants is where him and his wife are one. Amen. Listen, he is not one with the denominations. Can't be. They won't receive headship. That's the whole problem. They won't receive headship. Well, you got to do this. No, I don't have to do that. Now, watch. This harmony is now to exist between the groom and his bride. He shows her his word of life. She receives it. She never doubts it. Therefore, nothing can harm her, not even death. For if the seed be planted, the water will raise it up again. Here is the secret of this. Everybody likes secrets. You'll perk up when somebody says, "I got a secret for you." Here's the secret. The word is in the bride as it was in Mary. Now, who are you talking about? Jesus Christ in the womb of Mary. All right. By an immaculate conception. Okay. How do you and I get born again? By an immaculate conception. Everybody with me? Not natural. The word is in the bride as it was in Mary. The bride has the mind of Christ. For she knows what he wants. Done with the word. Now, that was Adam's position. Adam knew what God wanted to do. Adam knew what God wanted. And he didn't even have a Bible. Right. He had so much the mind of God. Is that not true? He's the God of the earth. Brother Ram said he could say, "Move over there, tree, move." You know, mountain, go over that way, wind, quit blowing. The bride has the mind of Christ, for she knows what he wants done with the word. She performs the command of the word in his name, for she has thus sayeth the Lord. Then the word is quickened by watch. Then the word is quickened by the spirit. Now, where's where is the spirit? If you have the new birth, it's inside you. All right? So, the word's got to be quickened where? Inside of you. Then the word is quickened by the spirit and it comes to pass. Like a seed that's planted and watered, it comes to full harvest. Look, full harvest, adoption, full harvest, right? You're not going to go out there and cut your corn down right now. They got neighbor of mine's got corn up and I would have too about this high. We'll go out there and cut it down as corn. Damn, brother. How many years will we get off that? None. That's right. Yet it is corn. Right. It has the characteristics of corn. It has the DNA of corn. It's corn. Amen. But if you cut it down before it matures, you have nothing to eat. Then the word is quickened by the spirit and it comes to pass. Like a seed that's planted and watered, it comes to full harvest serving its purpose. You know, Jesus said one time, he said, "Hey, let them alone. Let them both grow, the wheat and the let them grow together cuz they look just alike right when you first get started." But remember, like I said before, everybody's going to manifest whatever the seed was that was in the ground is going to come out on the vine somewhere, right? Okay. Because corn and grass in a in a when it's about that big, corn and grass look the same. That's right. But now when it matures, the grass don't look nothing like the corn. When you mature, you're going to look nothing like this world. Right. All right. The church is waiting on me and you adoption time. When God can pour into his into us his fullness, his power, his resurrection, that when the church and Christ become so close together, till Christ becomes visible among us, how is he going to be visible among us? Cuz we going to act like him. He will not be here in his physical form, flesh. Amen. But he's going to come here in your flesh. Amen. And just for a moment, I'll bring that quote a little bit later on. Just for a moment, God's going to present this bride to the world. You just wait and see. There's going to be power and it's going to have character. That's right. Cuz that's the only way we're going to get out of here. Amen. That's the only way we're going to leave with the body changes. Have power and character. Amen. his power, his resurrection, that when the church and Christ become so close together till Christ becomes visible among us, raises the dead, and we go in the rapture. That's what I'm looking for, folks. I'm not looking for anything else. If you're looking for something else, then you're sitting in the wrong place. Now, let's continue. I'm going to skip all that and uh we'll get to it next week sometime. Yeah, I'm way behind. I I got enough, brother Emanuel. I got enough to for another sermon. But here's the one I wanted to to uh read you right here. Brother Ram said blasphemous names. Now, blasphemous names, if you don't know it, blasphemous names is preached right after the statue of perfect man. Remember he preached Statue of Perfect Man, preached the guy, my guide. Then the next Sunday he preached over in Jeffersonville. He preached blasphemous names. And he went right back and almost preached the same sermon again of the statue of a perfect man. So now you say, "Brother Brandom, do we should we speak with tongues?" Absolutely. That's gifts of God. But those gifts of God without these virtues in them makes a stumble block to the unbeliever. It's not accepted by God. That's pretty powerful. It's not accepted by God. This has to be first. And when you have faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly love. Then the Holy Spirit comes down and seals you as a unit. What? Adopts you. Doesn't give you the Holy Ghost again. You got the Holy Ghost when you got born again. You get an extra Philly. You get a you get uh God takes out of the reserve and just pours it into you, right? Amen. Seals the church ages as a unit. The way he makes his bride is the way he makes his individual. All right, you with me? Give me another minute. Made out of same material. Like Eve was made out of Adam, a rib from his side. Here is the thing that you have to have first is what? The virtues. You can't impersonate them. You can't imitate them. They've got to be God- sent and God born. Imitation only causes confusion. I get finished preaching today and I hope y'all feel that I'm born again. And if you go and and I hope you nobody goes to a bar, but if you go go to buy a bar and you say, "Well, brother, where's the car sitting right there?" I ain't got it to begin with like that. But that's what he's talking about. We become a stumble block when we say we're here. We say we have this. We say we have this. We say we have love. We say we have this and then we don't display it. Right? We don't display it. That's what brother R was talking about. It's a stumbling block. What is a stumbling block? Something you trip over. Listen, this is the you know what that word stumbling block, brother Boba, it it does say stumbling block in certain places cuz he read it. But if you look at the Greek, it's where the word scandal comes from. That's the Greek word scandalon. But it's where the word scandal comes from. You have created a scandal by what? You've created a story. That is not true. It's an offense, occasion to fall, things that offend. The movable stick or trigger of a trap. And that's what it is. It's a trap. snare, any impediment placed in the way and causing one to stumble or fall. A stumbling block, occasion of stumbling, a rock which is a cause of stumbling applied to Jesus Christ whose person and career were so contrary to the expectations of the Jews concerning the Messiah, they rejected him by by their own obstinacy made shipwreck of their salvation. Wow. Because remember, he talk a stone of stubbling, a rock of offense, and all that. They stumbled at the very person that was supposed to give them eternal life. Amen. They stumbled at him. All right, we're going to skip through. All right, God bless you. For all you graduates, listen just a second. Let's go to Proverbs 3:9. Now, there's two ways that they talked about barns in the Bible. One's good, one's bad, but they're barns. Everybody with me? They're barns. Talking about barns here in Proverbs 3:9. So shall thy barns be filled with plenty, and thy presses shall burst out with new wine. My son, despise not the chastening of the Lord. We've been talking about that. Despise not the chastening of the Lord, neither be weary of his correction. For whom the Lord loveth, he correctth, even as a father the son in whom he delightth. Happy is the man that findeth wisdom, and the man that getth understanding. Amen. For the merchandise of it is better than the merchandise of silver, and the gain thereof find gold. Amen. Your character sir, what you have inside of you is going to manifest itself. Happy is a man that find it what. And that's not wisdom of the world. But you do need wisdom. You do need an education. Amen. Got to have it in this world. But you can pick and choose what your education will take you to. Everybody with me? Amen. For the merchandise of it is better than the merchandise of silver and the gain thereof of fine gold. You know, you got people now like Jeff Bezos and different ones that are into almost into the trillion dollars of wealth. If they're not born again, they ain't got no more money than you do. I think I do have $2 in my pocket, but not really. So, there's a fine line between building a barn to put up stores for God and building a barn to put up stores for the world. Because we're going to meet a man that built bigger barns and he went to hell. That's right. Anybody with me? Matthew 19:16. And behold, one came and said unto him, "Good master, what good thing shall I do that I may have? eternal life." Now, we know this is about who? The rich young ruler. And we were talking back in the back. There is no place in the Bible it calls him a rich young ruler. You have to go to different places to find out he was rich and young and and I'm saying he was very spiritual. He kept every commandment. That's right. So listen, what good thing? So this is he's talking to the rich young ruler. Everybody with me? Rich young ruler, good master, what good thing shall I do that I may have eternal life? And he said unto him, why callst thou me good? There's none good but one and that's God. But if thou will enter into life, what keep if you were if you're going to enter into life, keep the commandments. Amen. He said unto him, which Jesus said, thou shalt do no murder. Thou shalt not commit adultery. Thou shalt not steal. Thou shalt not bear false witness. Honor thy father and thy mother. Honor thy father and thy mother. Okay. Good place to start. Am I right, Kaylee? She's standing real close to her mama, so she had to say yes. Honor thy father, thy mother, and thou sh and look, and thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. It gets pretty rough. But the young man, here's where we get the young part. The young man saith unto him, all these things have I kept in a come to the message church since I was a little kid. Preach, believe. Well, I've done all them all them message commandments. Thou shalt not do this and thou shalt not have a TV and thou shalt not have Well, anyway, I'm just telling you that's what we were we were grown up with. It wasn't so much the Ten Commandments. It was so much to 10 don't wear dress. I mean, don't don't wear pants, don't cut your hair, don't wear this, don't have jewelry, do that's the ten commandments. I guess it was when we grew up, but there was the ten commandments in the Bible. Then they would not do the ten commandments that were in the Bible. Honor thy father and thy mother and thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. The young man, he had no hesitation. So he was a good church member. Everybody with me? He was a good church member. Went to church every Sunday. The young man saith unto him. Now he's talking to Jesus. Let me back up. He's talking to the good master. You're talking to Jesus. Anybody with me? He's talking to the Lord himself. All these things have I kept from my youth up. What lack I yet? He still didn't have the big revelation he needed. Jesus said unto him, if thou will be perfect and go and sell that thou hast and give to the poor, thou shalt have treasures in heaven, and come and follow me. Amen. Now listen, that does, let me interpretate that for you just for a minute. That doesn't mean we all got to go sell everything. Everybody with me? It says to sell out. That's right. Yourself. Amen. Sell yourself. Get out. Get out of the pawn shop. Amen. But you got to sell yourself to God. Read and study. That's when when somebody says, "Well, man, you could be making money on Sunday. You need to work." No, brother. I want to read my Bible and study. I want to go to church like the Bible tells me to do. Amen. So, when you take the two people, who you going to see? Now, remember, the story continues on a little bit later. You got Lazarus and you got that rich young ruler in hell. Right. And you know what happened? Lazarus over here was the beggar. He didn't have no money. He didn't have a place to lay his head. But this man over here had riches. Actually, he's come up here and he's going to build a bigger barn. But remember, he built the barn. That scripture before that, God said, "I'll give you barn." I'll give you stores to put in the barn. Now, if he gives you stores to put in the barn, he'll expand your barn as much as you want it expanded. But if you do it for your own self and for your own glory and for uh you know I'm going to be higher than this one because mine's bigger. Jesus said if thou will be perfect go and sell that thou hast give to the poor and thou shalt have treasure in heaven and come and follow me. In other words, what he's what he's saying just like I told you. Seek ye first. Everything's got to be scriptural. Seek ye first me. Me the kingdom of heaven. Me. Seek ye first me. follow me first. But when the young man heard that saying, he went away sorrowful, for he had great possessions. But remember, they were possessions that he got. Amen. That's the difference. Listen, that was possessions he got. If you let the possessions, brothers and sisters and kids and ones, if you let your possessions get in the way of his possessions, you're going to lose every time. Amen. Every time. That's right. The only way you want your barn bigger is that God give you something to put in it. Not what you put in. I did this. I me I I went away sorrowful. You know what he lost? You know what he lost in that one swift moment? He lost eternal life. Amen. He said, "What must I do to inherit eternal life?" Jesus said, "Amen." Right? Jesus said, "Sell everything and follow me." That was the last thing he said. Sell everything, follow me. He couldn't do that cuz he had built his own riches. He had built himself up. He went away sorrowful, for he had great possessions. Then Jesus said unto the disciples, "Verily I say unto you, that a rich man shall hardly enter in to the kingdom of heaven." Why? Because a rich man without the new birth, he leans to his riches and money every single time. Amen. Look at what I did. Look at what I done. But if you'll start and say, "Look, this is what God gave me." Amen. This is what God gave me. He gave me this college to go to. He gave me this job to go to. Luke 12:16 and then we'll finish. He spake a parable unto them, saying, "The ground of a certain rich man brought forth plentifully." And he thought, now watch, he thought within himself. He didn't ask God to help him. He's doing this all by himself. And listen, you can you can navigate yourself through life and you can get the right degree and you can get the right work, the right job, and you can make a fortune. Amen. This is a land of plenty. I wish every one of you, especially you kids, would go to a foreign country and spend a week. Amen. I mean, a impoverished foreign country. Amen. They don't have expendable money like we do. They don't get three pairs of shoes unless their brother and sister wore them first, right? Then they get them. That's why it's going to hit us hard cuz we're we're we're Americans. We have so much expendable income. I mean, wow. They do it to survive. We do it to play. And listen, it's okay. But if you let God do it, yes, it's all right. He'll make your barns bigger. Just like he did with Steuart Kathy and the different ones. I believe God led men. God's got a way to make his economy work. And he's going to use the people to get it. And he thought within himself, saying, "What shall I do? Cuz I have no room where to bestow my fruits. My my I I my my." And he said, "This will I do. I will pull down my barns and build greater, and there will I bestow all my fruits and my goods. And I will say to my soul, I I He ain't asked God for nothing. And I will say to my soul, soul, thou hast much good laid up for many years. Take thine ease, eat, drink, and be merry. But God steps in. That's right. But God said unto him, "Thou fool, this night thy soul shall be required of thee. Then whose shall those things be which thou hast provided?" So is he that layeth up treasure for himself and is not rich toward God. Young adults, seek God first. I know sometimes it's hard to do. Some of us wouldn't have made the mistakes we made. Let's stand to our feet. Some of us wouldn't have made the mistakes we made if we had not if we would have asked God first. Amen. Can everybody say amen? Amen. I mean, really. And I've ventured into things I knew, Brother Josie. I knew it was right. Oh, this is right. It might have been right to me, but it wasn't right for God cuz I didn't seek him first. I know some of you are going to go to college. Some of you going to get a job. That's fine. That's what you should do. And all the parents say, "Oh, see. Amen. We want you to be dependent on God." Listen, there's not a parent in here that wouldn't help all of our kids. And I'd help. I'll help you. I'd help your kids if I could do it. But all your parents. So, what about a a a father that makes no mistakes? A father that that has children that he's wanting to see develop. Children he's wanting to see mature. Children he's want to not have to just pet them all the time. Why you have to You don't have to pet a mature Christian. Babies, you still have to pet them, but not a mature Christian. That's what God wants. He wants his word to be in power in a group of people. The virtues working in a what? A body of believers that will take this thing and sweep it to a body change. Babies can't take body changes. I'm telling you. Nope. Jesus was a full grown adult before he had his body changed. Abraham was a full grown adult before he had his body changed. Everybody with me? You got to be the same way. You got to be grown. Grown up. Brother U Anderson and I were talking and I you may not agree with this, but um my dad was not one to chase people around and call you. If you were out of church two or three Sundays, he didn't call you and ask you where you were. And you say, "Well, sometimes you say, well, you know, he just didn't care." No, it wasn't that. If I've seen other pastors, I mean, if you didn't show up Wednesday night, they were they sent the police after you. And I'm not kidding. I mean, they would dog you and find out where you're at. What you doing? Why weren't you why weren't you at church? Why didn't you pay your tithe? Why didn't you know, just why didn't you do this? Well, if shame gets them back into church, something else will get them back out. Right. But if the word of God ever gets them back in and they get satisfied by the word of God and satisfied and be an adult and not have to be called every 15 minutes, where you at? Where you been? What are you doing? You build good Christian people from that. You don't build babies. So, let's quit being babies. Do what the word of God said. You brothers and sisters that are going to college and are trying to get a job, seek God first. Seek the counsel of your parents. Don't seek the counsel of your neighbor. Cuz I hope you got Holy Ghost fil parents. And if you do, they'll help you way more than any psychologist will help you. I'm going to say it. They will. Psychologist just knows a book that ain't this one. Your parents know a book that's this one. Amen. God bless you. Now, we're going to go downstairs in a little bit and and um and we're going to celebrate with them, but listen, put God first in everything you do. It may be hard. Life is hard, but life is okay. We've made it through. We've had our ups and downs and ins and outs, but if you'll trust God, he'll show you the end. He'll show you what you're doing and why you're there. I promise you, he will. He's done it for many of us in this building today. Let's sing a song of heaven. Oh, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up. Sing it to him. Oh, fill my cup up, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench it. This thirst of my soul, soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I will fill us up, Lord. Fill our barge. You fill our barns. Fill our You fill it with you. Fill it up and make me whole. Sing it to him. Lord, here's my cup. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up Lord. Come this thirsty of my soul. Pray of heaven. Oh, feed me care. I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me. You know it says, "Come and quench this thirsting of my soul." God of the devil one is going to quench the thirst you have. Just pray that God fills that. And how do you get it? More of him. Fill me up, Lord. You know, I've got an eternal father. So do you. And having an eternal father, we can draw eternity from that father. I had a natural father. You have a natural father. They passed on. They're gone. Some are still here. But we're getting weaker and weaker and weaker. But there's a heavenly father that never has been one second older than when he said, "Let there be light." So he's here. Let us have what we need. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench it this thirsty of my soul. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I want no more. Take my cup. fill it up and make me whole. You know, I was talking to somebody the other day. The old saying is time and sight is man's worst enemy. And that's right. We've been here now 70 years since the prophets's been here, 60 years since the seal has been open. all these different times that we've been years years away from from you know there's probably not even many people alive that was with brother Brandham because they all passed away but he didn't say in the days of the body of the seventh angel he said in the days of the voice I was reading brother Brown the other day he said if they could devise something to to pick up your voice he said it just continues he said it's continuing all the time because what's going to happen is if you don't get that voice clean, then what's going to happen on the day of judgment? That's what's going to condemn you is your voice. That's what's going to condemn condemn you is your voice. But let's hear the voice of God now. The voice of God in the end time is his bride. The prophet messenger gone on. He's waiting on us. We have many that even in this church that are waiting on others. They're waiting on us. And my if we don't start feeling the pull, then we're just going to be here and be here. That's why I said, believe me if I tell you this, there's going to be somebody that every Sunday is going to walk up that statue of perfect man. It may be little bitty steps. It may be tiptoes, but somebody is going to make it to that full stature. And you just you say, "Well, how?" You've got everything you need. Amen. You got the road map. You got the prophet's message. You got a good five-fold ministry that can help you. You have no excuse. You have no excuse to do some of the things that we do. And that will what as me and brother Anderson were talking about iniquity. The Bible says iniquity will abound. You know what iniquity is? It's actually a hideous sin because it's a sin that you know you shouldn't do it and you do it anyway, right? or you don't do something and you know you should do it. That's iniquity. And he said it would abound. It'll be a barn full. Why? Because we're sometimes we think we're right in our own eyes. The only eyes we are right in is in God's eyes. And to the ones that are graduating, God bless you. We love you all. Go downstairs and enjoy yourself. There's some things down there for you. And there's cake and ice cream. Uh we appreciate all of you. Thank you all that are attending that have done something for them and and give them gifts to they'll cherish them and and um you may never know. It may just be you shaking their hand and say, "God bless you. We praying for you." That's worth way more than any money that's downstairs in a in a bag. And truthfully, do pray for them because it's hard. Every generation is hard. I went to a Where's Abby? I went to Aby's graduation. Not graduation, but it's a awards awards ceremony. And oh my folks, I'm telling you, I hate to say this, there was not enough cloth to cover some of them women plus two young kids, 17 and 18 years old, showing their yourself. Hundreds of them. And there said little Abby with a long hair, beautiful dress. walk up to get her award and you don't have to look up. Y'all seen it. And I'm ashamed. Do you see all these pe girls in the prom dresses? I hope I never see any of you like that cuz me and your parents going to have a problem, not you. Everybody with me? But that's what the world that's normal. That was a gymnasium or an auditorium full of people that didn't mind what them girls were wearing. I mean, some of them you just hoped wind didn't come by to blow the dress up. It was so short. Wasn't that right, Abby? Show their back, show their front. They don't care. But there was an example sitting there. There was an example sitting there. You sisters, you brothers, there was an example sitting there that's going to condemn that whole auditorium. That's why we need to walk careful. walk carefully around the world. Be a Christian. Don't do like a lot used to do. Um, even here a long time ago, they're not here anymore. But, Brother John, they carry a pair of pants with them in the in the car, girls. And soon as they got away from home, they'd stop and change their clothes to pants and then go to school. Well, see, that's a hypocrite. Don't do that. be the be be a be a an example all the time because what you were then is is you were a stumbling block to say I'm a Christian and I go to this church and then to be caught with this on. And that goes for all of us. Every one of us the same way. Not just one person, but all of us. And who's watching us more than even the world is? God. He watches you 24/7. That's why the Holy Ghost is there. It's to go back to the father and say, "Hey, they're doing good." Or, "Oh, you just really don't need to look this way right now. We got some work to do." And that's okay. If you realize you need work, but if you don't realize you need work, you're in a deception. Those people were in a deception in that auditorium letting those girls parade up there across the stage in the dress that they were in. It was horrible. It wasn't even just bad. It was horrible what those young young good-looking nice girls look like. It just looked like a a row of prostitutes. I'm sorry, but it did. Some were dressed decent. Some were not. But you know what? That's normal. They looked at Abby and thought, "Well, she's why is she doing that?" Well, because you know why? She's been raised right and she's been told and she believes what she believes and she didn't have to go change clothes after mama and daddy left to change into something else. I Anyway, God bless you. Love you. Appreciate you all. Parents, hang in there. You were a teenager one time before. Okay. So, let's just remember what we put our parents through, right? and just remember that. But God be with you. Thank you all for coming again. We'll uh pray and then we'll go downstairs. Dear heavenly father, Lord, thank you for giving us people to speak to. Thank you for the word of God that you give us in this hour, Lord, that we know the right road, we know the right vehicle, and we're looking at the signs, Father, and we're heading towards something that's a victory. It may look like a defeat, but we're not ever going to go down in defeat. The bride of Jesus Christ will never be defeated. Father, I pray that you'd be with each one here today, Lord, that has children and young adults that are going into their second phase of of study, Father, that you would uh as many would say that that um I know some here in this building does the the children and the parents pray before even they take a test. Just pray about it. Brother Brown did the same thing. pray about it and pray about all these things coming up. All these things that are that are so easily besetting like I said there Lord you know you you how do you look at this world and not destroy it as brother Ram said that time and then you took him behind a door and you showed him his sins. Lord, let us not condemn them so much to say that we're condemning them to hell, but we're condemning the thing the system that they're under. This worldly system is not of you. This word of God that that they've uh adopted out in the denominations that's just not you, Lord. And I pray, Lord, that they would see the light, that they would love you more. that they would ask you more of questions of what to do in life. And Lord, I pray that you'll give them gifts. Give them, Lord, you build the barns for them. And you fill them up, Father. As the song says, fill my cup. Well, fill us up, Lord. Fill their barns with good stuff, with good store. And Lord, may we give you the praise and honor and glory. and let the let the young adults, Lord, look up to you, Father, the author and finisher of their faith, Lord. We believe that you've given us these children, Lord. Even the ones that are weward that are not even here today, Lord. I know we all have them, family that's not serving the Lord. Well, Father, I pray that you would, Lord, stir them up, Lord. Let them see so much Christ in us that it'll go over to them. Lord, I pray that you'd be with the ones, Lord, that are sick and the ones that have to travel. Father, I pray that you'd be with them. Bless this day, Lord. Give us this day our daily bread. Forgive us of our trespasses. Father, we ask these things in Jesus name. Sanctify the food that's downstairs, Lord. May we have a good time in you. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed.
