################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - 25-0511am - Son of Man (Adoption Time Pt.4) - Wade Dale - Wade Dale.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-11
Title:    25-0511am - Son of Man (Adoption Time Pt.4) - Wade Dale
Speaker:  Wade Dale
Church:   Spoken Word Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 31m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drawXLOBBzo
========================================

Description:
25-0511am - Son of Man (Adoption Time Pt.4) - Wade Dale
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
We're just so thankful that we're free in the word, free in the spirit. Believe there's a scripture that says who the son sets free is free indeed. And where the spirit of the Lord is, there's liberty. Amen. Let's just sing that song of word of God ever true. Hallelujah. Just sing word of God ever true. As our brother comes out, it is true. It's true in every aspect. the true before the beginning was for he is truth and we're so thankful that we worship him in spirit and in truth. Amen. Holy words long preserved for our walk in this world may be sound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life in words of hope. It gives us strength. It helps us go in this world. Wherever we roll, the word of God will guide us home. The word of God is true. Changing me is changing you. And we have come with open hearts. Oh land of [Music] work. Holy words of our faith is handed down to this age. came to us through sacrifice. Oh, heed the faithful work of Christ. Holy words long preserve for our wall in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Sing it to him. Word of God is ever true, changing me, changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Amen. That's all that's worth anything is the word of God. Nothing else is worthy. And we put our dependency on that. If you would have your seats, we'll uh um make our announcements and and then uh wish our mothers a happy Mother's Day. And I'll uh I'll kind of read you a little something that uh that got out of scripture here that uh maybe we can read and and uh make some sense out of it. So, but we sure appreciate all of you praying for our trips. We were at um at the pastor's retreat. Uh had a wonderful time. It was just pastors and their wives and we got to u communicate with each other and and we we brought a lot back with us and we brought a lot of um a lot of new ideas and there was one thing we came out of the whole thing and um it was all uh here on Can you see this? All right, play it. See, this is the way that we think that um pastoring would be. This is just laying there and rubbing the sheep. And now watch this pretty little baby. Oh, look how sweet. But how being a pastor turned out somewhat different. Hold on a minute. We're not done yet. Hang on. The head deacon's fixing to get real mad. So that's what we took from that. God bless you. We love you with the love of the Lord. and just uh I pray I pray for the sheep. You pray for the shepherds won't get knocked down like that. So, but happy Mother's Day and we had really had a good time in Jamaica, too. That was that was a good trip and we got to be there with brother Keith in his 30th 30th year of ministering and uh or pastoring and uh we sure do appreciate brother Keith and Sister Francine. So, um so happy Mother's Day. I want to read this from proverb proverbs 31. And I'm going to make it bigger. I promise. So April can read it since she's getting older. Did I say that loud? Oh, my thing's on. Sorry. It's good to have Sister April with us today. Amen. That's um that's one of Charlotte's Yang. Proverbs says, "Who can find a virtuous woman for her price is far above rubies? The heart of her husband does safely trust in her so that that he shall have no need of spoil. She will do him good and not evil all the days of her life. She seeketh wool and flax and workketh willingly with her hands. You know, a sister can take a a pile of goods or a pile or buttons and and zippers and she can make kid dresses and she can make pants and she can make all kind of things for the guys. And mama used to make our suits for us a lot when we were growing up. But if you give that for me to do, we go to Walmart or we'd buy it somewhere else cuz we couldn't do that. So, you're special. She's like the merchant ship. She bringeth her food from afar. A sister can take all of her. She can put flour, this, and that, all together, and you look at it and you go, "Man, I don't know how this going to work." And then about 30 minutes later, she's whipped you into something that's good to eat. Amen. So, that's how good a sis a mother and a sister would be. She rides also while it is yet night and giveth meat to her household and a portion to her maidens. She considerth the field and buyth it. With the fruit of her hand, she planteth the vineyard. She girthth her loins with strength and strengthening strengthenth her arms. She perceive that her merchandise is good. Her candle goeth not out by night. She pays the bills. Praise the Lord. Anyhow, she keeps the lights on. She layeth her hands to the spindle, and her hands hold the daff. She stretched out her hand to the poor, yet she reached forth her hand to the needy. She's not afraid of the snow, for her household, for all her household are clothed with scarlet. She maketh herself coverings of tap tapestries. Her clothing is silk and purple. Her husband is known in the gates, when he sitth among the elders of the land. She maketh fine linen, and sellth it, and deliverth girdles upon the unto the merchants. Strength and honor are her clothing, and she shall rejoice in time to come. She openeth her mouth with wisdom, and her tongue is the law of kindness. She lookketh well to the ways of her household, and eateth not the bread of idleness. Her children arise up and call her blessed. Her husband also, and he praiseth her. Many daughters have done virtuously, but thou excelst them all. Favor is deceitful and beauty is vain, but a woman that fearth the Lord, she shall be praised. Give her the fruit of her hands, and let her own work praise her in the gates. Amen. That kind of covers everybody today. Uh when you get ready to leave, there'll be uh something for the sisters. Uh, some know some of you are not um don't have children, but that does not make you a mother because I see you work with kids that's not even yours. I see you nurture kids that's not even yours. So, you be thankful that you are a mother and you're taking care of the next generation that's coming. All right? The next generation. And and if you see me holding a baby, I like to hold babies, but sometimes I like to hold babies so the mama can have 5 minutes to converse, go do something else, go to the bathroom, you know, give them that break sometime, you know, hang on, hold on to that kid and uh and sisters, you're all have a crown of your own that God is going to give you for being who you are. for being what? The virtuous bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. And that covers us too. In Galatians 4, let's read this just for a second and then we'll uh For it is written that Abraham had two sons. One by a bond handmmaid and the other by a free woman. Bond woman, other by free woman. But he that was of the bond woman was born after the flesh and he of the free woman was by promise. They're two children. Remember there was what? Jacob and Esau and you got all your twins all the way down through there. Then you got Isaac and the different ones. One Isaac and Ishmael. This is the one that Isaac was born by the the free woman and then the bond woman had they're over there fighting now you know. So which things are an allegory. So this is tight for those are the two covenants. One from Mount Si which genders bondage which is Hagar. For this Hagar, which means, you know, into the in the world, for this Hagar to Mount Si and Arabia and Arath, to Jerusalem, which now is in bond as in bondage with her children. But watch, but Jerusalem which is above is free, which is the mother of us all. All right. I was thinking, you know, back when when the garden before there was a fall, you sisters were not supposed to have husbands. Well, don't get quiet on me. It was Adam and Eve and they were going to produce the human race by what? By spoken word. All right. But Jerusalem which is above is free which is the mother of us all which is the source of something or the motherland. We get our nourishment. That's why they call it this mother earth because every bit of our nourishment comes from the earth. Well, every bit of our nourishment, had they not been a fall, would have come from the word of God, which was what? Already written in God's mind. He already had it wrote. I mean, so he was just going to speak it and we were going to come. But we know true now, though, that the full word of God is being manifest because he's a savior and a healer and redeemer. He does everything for He's got everything for us and it's there for us to use. So now we have a new mother. We have a new father. When you're born again, you have a new father, which is God. Right now we have a new mother which that mother nourishes us and keeps us and what keeps us in line and which is what? New Jerusalem are the word of God. All right. That's what we're we're born by the father. Now father everybody with me on everybody with me. Okay. He's the one that has a life. The mother has the nourishment. Right. So, that's what we're looking at now when we come to now to we we're going to start talking about adoption a little more. But still, we're covered under this covenant that there's a wild child and there's a there's a child that you which you used to be before you got born again. Amen. We were what? From Hagar. Amen. All right. Which is the wild child? Ishmael. But now, since we've been changed and changed over into a new family, that's why they call it a new birth. Cuz remember, your first birth put you in this family that you're in now. That you're going to honor your mother and you're going to honor them different ones all down through time. You've honored them because you came on this side. Amen. Everybody with me? That's good. That's all right. But that's not going to get you into eternity. Come on. You must move over to this new Jerusalem which is freedom and is from above which is the word of God. Amen. As the Bible says, which what? Which liveth and abideth it forever. All right. Sometimes our, you know, our mothers are not all here. And we sure do um pray for you. Um I still fortunate enough to have mine, but some of you do not. But make sure you give them a hug today and make sure you tell them how much you appreciate them. You say, "Well, my mother was this." I didn't ask you to give her a list of what things she did. I said, "You love her." Amen. Tell her how much you appreciate her. So, let's stand to our feet and we'll That was just for you mothers and we sure do appreciate you. You all have a gift. Your sisters have a gift in this church that is far and beyond anything that we can produce. Okay, everybody with me? So, we hold you of high esteem. Very high esteem. Couple more announcements. July the 18th when we get ready to go to um uh Irwin, Tennessee. We say Tennessee. You see all the things up here. There's about 68 of you already signed up to go. Uh that's great. Uh we'll be streaming that weekend uh from up there. But if your name's not on there, come and see me. I took the I took the list down because we got to get ready to start getting the motel. We could we'll get a motel for you or you can get your own and we can reimburse you up to about $125 I think is what the normal um room rate is. But I'll have rooms for you. Uh if you want to go remember brother Aaron and brother Bob and brother Luis, they're all gone today. They're all out preaching. Brother Luis is preaching double time. He's interpreting and preaching. So at down to brother Stacy Goodread. So brother Aaron is at is in uh Ohio and Brother Bob is in Alabama. Uh remember next Sunday's the graduation party. We'll have cake and ice cream from the church. But if your person's gradu person is graduating, it's up to you to do the rest. Everybody with me? Okay. Well, happy graduation. But if you got something like pictures or or anything like that, anybody wants to give anybody something, then that's fine with me. We'll just have cake and ice cream downstairs and we will honor our graduates. And the listen your life just begins when you start when you graduate in this world. All right. Now remember um I was going to what was it? Oh, Memorial Day weekend. I will not be here. Brother Duck I'll be at brother Duck Cotch. Brother Bob will be here ministering. So just keep those in your thoughts and prayers. And also remember in June and the last two months of two weekends of June, we're going to have a second service. We will provide uh sandwiches to eat and start at 3:00 and we'll do we'll pick a topic, church order and tithing. So, if you have any questions before we get started, I won't answer them till later, but um but if you have any questions or if that brings up a question, you're free to ask them in the service. So, all minds clear. All minds clear. Amen. Might sound bad or it sound like some of them didn't have a very clear mind. Brother Collie, let's bow our heads. Lord, thank you for this day. Father, we have a a day called Mother's Day here on on earth. Lord, that we that we hug our natural mother and tell her how much we appreciate her, Lord. She brought us into this world, Father. And we pray, Lord, that we would now what we say today will be pleasing to you, Lord, because you brought us through this mother called the word of God. And you're nurturing us, Lord, and you're keeping us. and you're telling us how to do things and you're giving us you're giving us instruction as brother John said wisdom and all the different things comes from the mother of us all which is the word of God. Thank you so much, Father, for the ones that are here. Be with the ones that are out, Lord, that are sick. Uh, Sister Regina, Sister Janine, different ones, Lord. Ask you to bless them and raise them up. Be with the ones that are traveling, Lord. There are many not here today, Lord, is traveling to visit their mothers. We pray that you'd be with them. Bring them back home safe. Forgive us of our sins, Lord, and bless us in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Just remember when your sisters when we get ready to take communion, when you go downstairs, um, Brother Ryan's got them in the bag and he'll give them to you as you go out the door going downstairs. A little token of our appreciation for our sisters that are old enough to be mothers. All right. So, now let's get it back to our subject, which is adoption time. And this is something that even when we were at the pastor's convention or pastor's retreat, we discussed several things about growth and development and how to and how to be a better Christian, how to be a more mature Christian. So that's kind of what we're on anyway. So this will be part four, but what we're going to do today is is we're going to see why we have to suffer. Why? The Bible tells us there's this we'll read scripture that we have to suffer to reign with him. Now, we don't have to be downtrodden. We don't have to be uh poor. You understand what I'm saying? But remember, the poor in heart will rule the world. The poor, the ones that bow. Listen to Hebrews 5. Though he were a son, yet learned he obedience by the things that he suffered. So if if Christ suffered, Amen. Why can't we? That's true. All right. And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him. 2 Timothy 2:8. And remember that Jesus Christ of the seed of David were raised from the dead according to my gospel, wherein I suffer trouble as an evildoer, even into bonds. But the word of God is not bound. Therefore, I endure all things for the elect's sake, that they may also obtain the salvation which is in Christ Jesus with eternal glory. It is a faithful saying. For if we be dead with him, we shall also live with him. If we suffer, we shall also reign with him. If we deny him, he also will deny us. If we believe not, yet he abideth faithful. He cannot deny himself. Amen. You may be seated. The Lord has blessed. He can't deny self. He can't deny the word that's already been written. He can't change his mind. He can't do anything different. So what do we have to do? The boundaries have been set. What you you and I have to do is is we have to be willing as Jesus was in the garden with his own will to say not my will but thy will be done. Amen. He came under subjection to the word of God. And the word of God brings us under subjection to what as I said before the mother of us all which is the word of God. Because listen that's where we get our nourishment. Even though you listen to a pastor, you listen to an evangelist, you listen to brother Brandham, he's preaching from the Bible. Yes. Okay. He's getting his nourishment from the Bible. And then he's able by a gift to break it down to you so that you can understand the Bible. I don't want you to understand me. It'll be a while. That's June. 46 years almost trying to understand me. But understand what I say from the word of God is what I want you to do. And we're Listen, this is adoption time. This is the time for it. Um, listen, I have been My phone's been blowing up all week about this new pope. They've got everything figured out. It was diaper size and all that other stuff back when he was a kid. I That's all right, but that's not going to get us in a rapture. Amen. Now, remember, we do have signpost. We have signs. We would have a bad wreck if we didn't have signs on that road. But the signs itself do not get me to where I'm going. Amen. The signs, it tells you to stop. It tells you to go in this direction. But you have to have the vehicle. Amen. And be in that vehicle. And then you look at those signs and you're able to turn a corner or speed up or slow down. So that's the way the word of God is to me. Uh, brother Dale said many, many years ago, many years ago, he talked about the pope coming out of the United States many, many times, if you'll remember, years and years. But remember what he told you. He said that's not going to get us in the rapture. It is going to make us diligent to seek God more. And I do see we I was this morning I was uh looking at an article from YouTube and uh the article was it come from people people bet on everything. There was a line in Vegas about who was going to be the next pope. Well, Pope Francis or this who this new one is had a 1.2% chance to be the pope. 1.2. Yes. Some of the others were 50%, 30%, 40%. 1.2%. It shocked the world. And I'm telling you, Mother Earth, Mother Earth declared it yesterday. That were in Tennessee. See, earthquakes in divers places, many places, not just We're looking at California. Do you know one of the biggest faults is on the Mississippi River? Yes. It's a something New Madrid or something like that fault. Look it up. It's on It's online, Sister April. It's online. It's got to be true. So, but he had a 1.2% chance. And then boom, he wasn't even in the top five the day before. So, don't you think God's got his hand in this? Now, the most powerful man in the world has now got the most powerful religious man in the world. I'm talking about Trump and and him. You got two. That's why they never wanted a a pope to come out of the United States. The world does. They're shocked because you got a you got a a a power of the US that power has a economic power and well, it's all propped up. We know that. But then you got now you surely they didn't want a Catholic to be out of the United States because you put them two together. That's right. And he came from he came from Chicago. Chicago was cursed. The prophet cursed him. Told him all them ministers were going to come and get baptized. Not a one came, right? Made it a desolate place. But anyway, you can go all through this. And they went through this stuff. And I it's okay. But I started to chime in on our little thing from from on WhatsApp for the pastors. I said, "Are y'all gonna preach on Mother's Day tomorrow or you gonna preach on this?" Because I'm sure that everybody took a text about the new pope. We knew this, folks. He quoted it in 1955, the year that that pope was born. And he's 69 years old. He's young, so he can last a little bit longer than the rest of them. Yeah. Like right into the tribulation. If he's the right one, then we looked the other day. You looked right into the face of the Antichrist. Republican and Democrat ain't the antichrist. The Antichrist is a religious spirit. That uses political power. Amen. Which we have it now. Church and state have come together. So there's your signpost. But you better get in that vehicle and you don't stay at that stop sign too long. You better keep going. Search the word of God for yourself. You need to get in or get out. One of the two. Because when Noah come up to that ark, I'm telling you again, God shut the door. I believe Noah did not want to shut that door. And God knew, God knew that Noah would never himself shut that door. Cuz when that door shut, Noah knew everybody on the outside was dead. But God didn't have a problem do it because 120 years it took him to preach that and only him and his family made it. So that's it. That's all right. Let's continue on. But you just, you know, you can get immersed in all this stuff. You talk about this and talk about that, but let's just get in the word of God and let the word of God lead us and guide us. Let's get in the right vehicle, get on the right road. As brother Dale always said, if you're going to take an airplane trip, what do you got to do? You got to be at the airplane. You got to go to the terminal. You got to buy a ticket from there. That's right. You can't buy a bus ticket and then go down to the airport and tell them you need to get on. No, it ain't going to happen. I believe we're in the right message. Amen. I believe this is it. There is no other. There's too many scruples in all those others. And that's what we're going to see here in just a minute. That's why brother Brown will talk about suffering. You talk about suffering. We would still be suffering under the denomination that we were caught up in. Everybody with me? Oh yes. You would be suffering because you would be like over here with this. Is this one right? Is that one right? Listen, we know what's right. Amen. We've had the quotes. We know where it was coming from. We know the United States is Revelation 13. We know that he's not the beast, but he is what? He's the voice or the power behind the beast. We know the beast is the pope. So now you've got both of those powers back together like Constantine put those together. And what happened when Constantine brought church and state together, had a pope, Constantine put them together and they killed 68 million Christians because they didn't believe the Catholic Church. Right? We got some times coming. It's exciting if you're in the word of God. It's not very exciting if you're not Smyrna church age. Why does he stand by? The reason is Romans 8:17. If children then hes of God and joint hes with Christ. If so be that we suffer with him. Now let's look just for a second before we get finished reading that. Good brother Ram said, "Unless we suffer with him, we can't reign with him. And character is a victory, not a gift." We know that man without character can't reign because power apart from character is satanic. Now what you talking about suffering? Why must we suffer? Suffering is not suffrage. Everybody with me? That's right. Suffrage was what the black people went through. Different ones. They were persecuted. That's not what this is talking about. Right. Am I with me? Now, eventually you may have to give your life for the gospel. Eventually you might have to. But suffering means I don't go to the bar. I don't go to the put whatever you got in that. You say, "Oh, that's if you're a Christian." No, but that's something that inside of you. And we were talking about this last week. You still got that nature inside of you folks that want to do those things. Everybody with me? For those of you that are sainting, you can go on home cuz you don't need this sermon. If you're not bothered, you're dead. Come on. There's always that thing right here. There's always that something that's saying you really enjoyed that used to, right? But the suffering part is is to to pull yourself away from this nature that you have inside of you. That greatest battle is inside of your brain and let that good part go to your heart because you used to not let that good part go to your heart. You used to let the bad part go to your heart cuz your heart wanted to do it. Out of the heart proceedth what? all things. Yes. All right. Not up here out of your heart. Right. But if we suffer, we'll reign with him. Suffering is not You see, let me just put it plain. The Catholic Church took that script, took these scriptures because remember they owned the scriptures. They held all the scriptures. All the scrolls, everything was in Latin. Everything was that come from the Latin Vulgate with the Roman Catholic Church. God, that's kind of strange. It's not really to God. But he preserved this whole thing through the Roman Catholic Church, right? But they're saying you need to do penance. You need to get on the, you know, you need to crawl on your knees or you need to slap yourself. That's what they're saying. They're taking that as suffering. suffering for Christ, being hung on the cross or or or being flailed or or you know, they I I used to get tickled at some of the people that work for us there at J&G and and a couple of them were Catholic and it would be lent. Everybody know what Lent is? Lent is you give up something that you enjoy. That's right. Well, I asked him, I said, "What are you giving up?" They said, "We're giving up like tomato juice." I said, 'You never liked tomato juice to start with?' Yeah, but I'm giving it up. Well, that ain't that ain't suffering. You got to give up something you really like. That's suffering. Now, folks, your body really like to do the things of the world. Come on, somebody. But you have been separated by the thing that now the new birth and the word of God, which gives us our spiritual rudder that tells us which way to move. We didn't have that. We didn't have a we a we don't even have morality anymore. This next generation of kids, if there is another generation, brother brother Kern, everything's accepted now. There's no boundaries. Every every generation weaker and wiser, they're putting up with Do you know in 1965 that homosexuality was considered a disease, right? Right. In the book, the AMA or the American Medical Association, being homosexual was a disease. Now, pretty much if you're not one, it's a disease. We're strange. But the world, that's the way the world has twisted this whole thing. Made everything okay. It's all right. God made you male and female, but you can override God and make yourself whatever you want. Right. I'm just going to preach today. This is where we're sitting today. This is why we need to teach our kids to refrain from all that stuff. Make sure they understand what they're looking at and listening to and all those different things. Make sure that you've got that Holy Ghost veil on you first so that you can cover them with and keep them away from that stuff. Amen. Unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign. We have to suffer to reign. So what is suffering? You know what suffering is? Suffering is you go read your Bible for an hour instead of going to a ball game. I ain't got anything against ball games. Okay. But what I'm saying is is like brother Dell always told us. He said, "You might y'all might go out and go hunting or y'all might go fishing or all that stuff." He said, "I'm sitting at home studying on Saturday so I can get you a sermon for Sunday." And then there's not many Sundays that you know, Dad took a couple of Sundays off maybe a year and I do too, to go hunting. It's my vacation time. Amen. All right. But not every other Sunday. Like some here. They come when they want to. You know why? You know why? They don't want to suffer. They don't want to suffer. No. They want to do something else. Because that something else is stronger inside of them than what God is. Amen. That's right. I'm telling you, we we keep quoting that quote. We keep quoting brother Brown said, "If you're a Christian, if you're born again, you can't wait for them doors to open to get into fellowship with God." That's right. And we stay out because your cat's got diarrhea and you, you know, your your little baby frog that you picked up off the side of the road, it just don't look good today, Brother John. It it's it's not very it's not very slick. So, we going to stay home with it. and you'll take somebody to pray for it. A man without character can't reign because power apart from character satanic. Listen, you and I have the power of God when you're born again. Brother Ram said there's enough inside of you to do what? Create a world and go live on it. But there's a bar. What's that bar? This is your bar. This is your bar. Because that dynamo that's inside of you, we keep it so uh a prisoner inside of us and we let it out just every once in a while. That's what we were talking at the pastor convention. We only live maybe, listen to me, we maybe only live 20% of our life for God. You think about it. You sleep half of it here and at home. you have to go to work. Sure, you can think about God, but I'm talking about alone time. I'm talking about time that you spend and know that it's quality time to talk to God and not to talk to somebody else. That's why I said if you need to know where God is, he comes here every morning at 10:00, 9:30 and you can come and talk to him. You can come visit him. He's right here. He's with us. He said where two or three are gathered by name. He didn't say a whole group. He said, "Two or three are gathering my name." He said, "I'll be in your midst." So today, God is in our midst. I in Jamaica, I told him, I said, "Man, there's Listen, there's more in another dimension that's praising God and standing here today around these walls than people that I can see right now." Yes, sir. The good and the bad. Because the evil is present. Remember what Paul said. He said, "When I do good, evil is present." Now, that doesn't mean I do evil, right? No, I'm going to suffer. You and I are going to have to suffer. But power apart from character satanic. That's what Satan had. Satan had power, right? God told him, "You do this. You're my worship angel. You take over the angel part and you stay right there." But what did he want to do? He wanted to be God. He wanted to get out of his place and be God. He wasn't satisfied with where he was at. You and I must remember too that we've got to be when we come to this adoption, you've got to be satisfied with who you are, what you're doing here. Amen. Come on. And what part you got to play in this body. Yes. It may only be a hand. It may only be a foot. That's right. But remember, it's a part of the body. And we hurt when that part hurts. Hit yourself. hit yourself on the hand with a ham finger with a hammer, your whole body hurts. Oh yes, right. So power, we're trying to build character first. We got to we got the power. We know that if you're born again, you got the power, but the character to use that power is this adoption process. That's what we're talking about here. Cuz what happened with Jesus? Now remember, he was born in a womb. He had to eat. He pooped. Sorry, he did. He was a human being. But he was perfect. Yes. Tempted by women but never crossed a line. Bible says tempted in all points as you are. Yes. Yet he didn't cross that line. What? He suffered, right? He suffered to reign. He knew that he was going to take it over. He knew though that he was going to have to go through some very horrible things cuz he remember he knew he had to die physically to release the life that was inside of him. That was the groaning in John 17. He said, "Father, don't take them out of this world." He said, "Leave them in the world." He said, "But protect them." Yes. That's what he's done. It would be real easy for us to, Brother Boy, it'd be real easy for me and you to go create a world and just go live on it, man. got, you know, you got grapes and you got palms, you know, and you got, you know, it's the right temperature all the time. And no, we'll get there. Yes. But you're human now, right? There's human parts. We got to work on the character that we are going to develop will, as brother Ernie said, it will determine our altitude. Come on. Remember, brother Ernie said our our attitude determines our altitude. All right. So if you want to grow in God and be a a a good Christian, that's fine. But God wants more. Yes. This is what God's whole purpose of adoption is. Is to be able to use you. Yes. And know what you'll do with it when you get it. Everybody with me today? Know what to do with it when he gives it to you. Yes. Because power without character is satanic. power with character is fit to rule. Amen. So Jesus Christ had the character. He portrayed the character in every in every part of the testament old and new. And he gave us this. He gave us a prophet in the end time to say, "Hey, these things are required." Yes. They're not just happy to be and and maybe um No, they're required. Yes, sir. It's required to have the faith of God. Yes. It's required to have the knowledge of God. Right. The temperance of God, the patience of God. Yes. Yes. The godliness of God. Come on. Everybody with me? We have to overcome to sit with him. He wants us to share his throne. Listen, he so much wants us to sit with him. You know Jesus, brother Carlos, Jesus had a set of natural eyes that he looked through. All right, let's go back 2,000 years. Jesus is walking the walk on the earth. He's got two eyes just like me and you. They're human flesh eyes, right? He never saw his bride develop. He never saw her develop. Am I with me? Cuz remember, he said, "I must go away, but I'm going to come back as the comforter. I'm not coming back in my human my flesh eyes. I'm not going to be able to see you." Right. Right. He said, "But I will be with you even in you. You're going to be my body. You're going to be my eyes. But I think, brother Dy, he is longing to see his bride face to face. Just like he did in the Garden of Eden when he walked up to Adam and there was a set of human eyes looking at a set of human eyes and saying, "Oh, that's my children. That's my people." Amen. He's wanting to see his bride. Yes. With his own eyes. Absolutely. I just believe that it's taken 2,000 years how patient a man is to wait on his wife to develop into a wife. Amen. Because the wife has made herself ready. Why do we have to suffer? Let's go to first Peter 2 verse 18. Servants, be subject to your masters with all fear, not only to the good and gentle. Now watch. Not only to the good and gentle, but also to the forward. Be nice to your boss even though he's not nice to you. All right. Or she. Well, I got some amens. For this is thankw worthy. Now, this is Peter, the one that told us to have the virtue of God, the knowledge of God, the temperance of God. For this is thankworthy. If a man for conscience toward God endure grief, suffering wrongfully. All right. Jesus suffered wrongfully. He did not have to go through what he went through. That's right. He had no there was nothing he did that made them do what they did to him. All right, everybody with me, sir. For what glory is it if when you be buffeted for your faults, you shall take it patiently? Question. But if when you do well and suffer for it, you take it patiently. This is acceptable with God. Oh, why am I going through this? Well, you Why am I doing Why is this happening to me? Why? Why? Why? Why? Well, it's to build your character. Yes, sir. Pass the test. Would you graduate? Do something. Go to the next level. Get out of the first grade. Quit whining. Everybody with me? Amen. Amen. Because if God don't make a mistake and God's perfect and his will is perfect and we're in this perfect word of God and we try to do the best we can the perfect will of God. Whatever's happening to us is for our good our good. Don't blame somebody else. It's for my good. So you can be a bucket mouth all you want to. I'm not going to hang around you long. Amen. Right. You're not going to bring me down. The devil does a lot of that. For even here unto were you called. Now listen, you were called for this. Yes, you were called to suffer. Look at every Christian that started from from the 12 apostles. They all died except one. They were killed except one. John was the only one that was told, "You're going to see the kingdom." So, he had to write the book of Revelations. He was 96 years old when he died. But the other ones didn't even live past some of them in their 20s, 30s. James died. All the different ones, they were put to death, murdered for what they believed in. That's right. For what glory is it? For even unto here you were called because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example that you should follow his footsteps. Who did no sin, neither was God found in his mouth, who when he was reviled. This is a hard one. When he was reviled, he reviled not again. And when he suffered, he threatened not. Or when I get over this, I'll get you, Brother John. We We've all been through it. We've all been through it. You just wait, buddy. When this is over with, I'll get you. I get you when you ain't looking. Yeah. Well, that's not what Jesus did. Amen. Who when he was reviled, reviled not again. When he suffered, he threatened not, but committed himself to him that judges righteously. Amen. Who was his father? Who his own self bear our sin in his own body on the tree, that we being dead to sins should live under righteousness, by whose stripes you are healed. For you were as sheep going astray, but are now returned into the shepherd and bishop of your soul. Your chief shepherd is not me. Your chief shepherd is Jesus Christ. And he's the bishop of your soul. He's just given us a job to oversee his sheep and not do like that picture did. I get run over. So now, what is all this? What what is all what is God doing today? If we're in the adoption time and we're supposed to suffer to reign with him, listen, we're supposed to be different. You know, the old people you used to hang around, you had fun with. Admit it, boy. Y'all were some sad sacks. I had fun with the guys I was with, right? And I gave up all that because when Jesus Christ saved my soul, I didn't want that anymore. So, I suffered for it. Some of your best friends, how many some of your best friends walked away when you became a Christian? Why? Number one, your character was being built by God, not by them and the world. It was a different It was a different character, a different I don't I didn't want to go where I used to go before. But you suffered because I'm telling you, you still had that draw of the world trying to pull you back in. I hope that I hope I'm the only one that that happens to. I hope it does not happen to you guys. I really I'll take it all for me. But every day I have to keep myself. Amen. I have to let God keep myself. But I do have a part in it. Amen. Amen. You do have a part with this. You can't. You're just not a zombie. Okay. You have a will, a free will to do what you want to do. That's right. That's right. But remember, Jesus gave up his will. Yes, sir. in the garden. And he said, "Not my will, but thy will be done. My will, I would keep my disciples. They'd all be around me. I' like that little lamb. They'd be all mine. I'd shepherd them." But that's not what he came for. He knew when he gave up his will, he was going to the cross. And he was going to lose everything. All his friendship, even brother Brandham, my word, look at look at what happened to him. He was great back in the 50s when he was healing the sick and raising the dead. But when he come to the meat of the word of God, they started running away like flies. They started leaving him. Why? It wasn't Listen, those people didn't leave him because they were bad people. They just didn't like what he was saying. And what they didn't like and agree with, they didn't want to hang around no more. Everybody with me? That's why we're under this ministry of the third pull. It's a pull. It's pulling us up that mountain. It's pulling us towards something. And if you don't know that, it's also part of your placing because listen, I'm not I'm not we I don't have three arms. I have two arms. Christ had two arms. So you got to figure out what part you're in. What arm or your arm, your leg, back, toe, foot, whatever you want to, whatever you want to say. But you got to figure that out. Amen. When a bride realizes who she is and what she's doing here, she'll be an invincible army. Why? Because you know what we're doing? We're infighting. We're infighting. Preachers can't hardly stand to be around other preachers because they don't believe in a certain doctrine. Now, that's not the unity of Christ. You I thought Brother Ram told us you could bitterly disagree with somebody and still hug their neck and love them. Amen. and love them, right? Not just hug the neck and go, "Well, I have to." You know, you do that. I'll get your spirit. Don't come too close. No, you already got one. I promise you that. So, this prophet though had to come to restore everything. If he restored everything back, then we have the opportunity to be adopted. Yes. Cuz remember on Mount Transfiguration, Jesus stood and he said, the father said, "This is my son in whom I'm pleased to dwell." Well, he already said that before, but he added, "Hear ye him." In other words, the father is instilling into the son his mind just like he did with just like he did with Adam. Adam had the mind of God. Amen. Amen. Cuz that's what we're going back. That's why Paul said, I believe he picked it up and he thought, man, he said Adam lost everything cuz he had to accept Eve. He accepted her in his mind first. That's right. I don't want God to kill her. She's mine. She's a part of me. So, I'm going to take partake of her sin. Like Jesus Christ hanging on the cross. I'm going to partake of their sin. I've never done a sin in my life. Jesus said, "But I'm going to take on their sin so that they can become sinless." This plan is perfect. Amen. We're trying to figure out something that's perfect. You can't figure it out. You just got to do it. Yes, sir. Signpost. But you got to get in that car, put gas in it, and you got to drive where you listen. Do we all know where we're going? I'm going ask you a question today. Do you know where you're going? Oh, well, brother, wait. I'm going to be a banker. I'm going to be a this. I'm going to go to school. I ain't talking about that. Right. You come to church today, you become a Christian to be something. Yes, sir. Everybody with me? Amen. Okay. You come to church to find that out. That's right. To let God say, "Hey, here's your options." Right? This is what I want from you. And then you've got to say, "That's the part I want. That's the part I feel the pull." See, I never felt the pull to be a song leader. You've heard me sing. That absolutely would disqualify me from any of that. But some of you he did. Some of you he called to sing. Some of you that can sing. Some of you that that instruments I can't play one. I was called to preach. So I'm not going to throw myself into being a song leader unless I absolutely have to. We got some good ones here. And we got some good backups. Absolutely. And we sure appreciate every one of them. But that's God building a body. Yes. Right. That's God building an organism, not an organization. An organism where all the parts work together and everything comes together and works as one unit. So that's why that we see down through the church ages. You look at the Catholic Church and you see how much influence they have now. Think about what the influence they had at first. Cuz this was some new religion. I mean, what what do you mean a pope? They said Peter was the first pope. No, Peter wasn't the first pope. We know that, right? Everybody with me? He wasn't the first pope. He didn't get the keys from Jesus to the kingdom of being a pope. No, it was a revelation of who Jesus Christ was, which they missed. They missed. The apostles didn't miss it on the day of Pentecost. They said, "This is that." I like that. That's so positive. This is that. Like brother Emanuel was preaching Wednesday night. I am. Who's going to do this? I am going to do this. I might. No, I ain't what he said. He said, I am. I am. Who's the bride of Jesus Christ? I am. Amen. Who's going to take a rapture? I am. Yes, sir. Who's going to take a body change? I am. That's why I asked why, right? At first, he stood to Moses. He said, I am. That I am. I'm the person that's going to take a group of people and take them to a body change. Moses, I know this is 6,000 years ahead of you. Come on. You know, in front in the future, but I'm going to start with you, sir. And I'm going to tell you, you go down to Egypt and you tell them that I am going to deliver these people. Yes, sir. And you know what? He proved it cuz he did. He did. Amen. You said, "No, God did it." Yes, sir. I listen. I know that. But there had to be a Moses there. There had to be a conduit. There had to be the vehicle to get it to the people because remember we decided to do it this way. Your ancestors decided on the mountain, right? Remember God said, "Moses, you bring them back to this mountain and I'll speak to them." He brought them right back to that mountain. The mountain was on fire. They looked at circumstances. Right? They looked at their self. I'm not worthy. He didn't ask you if you're worthy. He wanted you to come to that mountain. But when they got there, they said, "Oh, Moses, we don't want God to talk to us. Let him talk to you and then you tell us what he said." And this is where they lied, brother Collie. They said, "And we'll do it." And they never did. Right? But God knew that. But that was all set up by us. So this is the way we got to get it. And then we come to see, we see Paul. He looks back in the Old Testament. He sees what happened there uh on the mountain and he brings it down. And he says, "Hey, to get perfected, you're going to have to listen to apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, and evangelists for the perfecting of the saints, for the edifying of the body." Yes, sir. Until we all come what? To the unity of the faith. Yes, sir. Amen. That's the way we get it. Amen. So, he's come to restore all things. That's why we needed a prophet in the end time to restore us back to where we can see more clear where Christ is. Amen. Where is he? He's in me. He's in you. This message is right. I'm not worried about the messenger being right. Come on. I'm worried about what he brought me. I know he's right. All that garbage they're saying about him, it's just it's just human garbage. I told the brother the other day, I said, "Did you believe the sign people?" They spend all their time berating brother Brandham. Well, tell me what you got. Come on. Tell me what you got to make me more perfect to with God. Give me what? Give me your message. Yes, sir. Right. If you say this is wrong, give me what you No. They spend 99% of their time berating brother Brandham. That's why I don't watch that garbage. I don't look at that garbage. I don't That's just garbage. It has no truth in it. No day of judgment. They'll find out. That's right. Hallelujah. So, we had to have a prophet to come and tell us. We had to have him come and do as as someone said the other day, why didn't Jesus just talk plain? He did talk plain. I can understand him very well. But remember, he said things to confound who? The wise and prudent and reveal them unto babes. He talked in parables, allegorories. He talked he told stories what to hide it. He said I thank you father that you've hid these things. In other words that you said through my mouth these things that's going to baffle the whole world. But now we got a message in the end time that the mysteries have been revealed. We know that the messenger not when he starts. Now remember not in a healing campaign that is that is secondary. Get your soul healed first. Right? Then work on your body getting healed. But then now work on your what? Your spirit realm. Yes. Our spirit realm is where we hurt the most. If you're born again, your soul does not hurt. Right. Amen. If it's born again, it it expects the word of God to be brought to it. Yes, sir. Amen. Exactly. But what happens is there's a filter that comes from my ear into some kind of little kind of a can that's got memories and conscious effects and imagination and I take it like that can and I shake it and then get all garbled up and then a little bit of it gets into my soul cuz every once in a while somebody will say amen. Well, when you say amen that means it went down to your soul and you got something. Yes, sir. Some of you ain't got anything ever by not saying amen. So we had to have what was Jesus talking about? Oh, he was talking about a trinity. Oh. Oh, Jesus was talking about an eternal hell. Oh, Jesus told us to baptize in father, son, and holy ghost. Uh Jesus told us this and told us that. Yeah, he did. But it became a mystery to people because soon as he died, they started saying it was he was one of three, one of two, a like substance, not the substance. They said, "Well, we got to baptize this away or there's three of them. So, Father, Son, Holy Ghost is a baptism, and we know there's an eternal hell now because now the Catholics are going to say, "Well, we need some extra money before you get to hell." Don't tell me they got Where'd they get purgatory from? Right? There's not that word in the Bible nowhere. Purgatory. They inserted purgatory so they could get rich. Right. If those of you that don't know what purgatory is, when you die, you go into this place of holding. And you're in that place of holding. If you believe the Catholic faith, you're in this place of holding. And then what happens is you don't have enough to get you over into the eternal part. Right? are the other part. So, you're in this kind of this limbo place. But if you're if you're if you're still on this side of the of the death, you got family members that's got some money. Purgatory is always tied to money. You got to pay to get your uncle out of purgatory. Ain't even a place when you leave this life. It's like brother Richard Wilson said when dad died he said he said brother Dale knew where to go when he died or when he passed from this earth to the next. He knew where he was going. Do you know where you're going? Do you know if you today if you close your eyes for the last time? Do you know where you're going to open your eyes at? Some of you already closed them. So you must be going there. But there had to be a Hey, brother Joseph. I'm a little funny something every once in a while. Good to see you again. But there's so much confusion. Yeah. This world is confused. Is this right? Is he the second person? Is this the right baptism? Is this the right Listen, we have we had a prophet come and he took all those things and he put them together. That's right. And it was exactly as Hattie Wright said, that ain't nothing but the truth. Amen. Because why? Something struck. She wasn't in a She wasn't in a church. She was in her kitchen probably had on her gown with her apron on and she was cooking supper. Everybody with me? And she said, "Brother Brandon, that ain't nothing but the truth." God came down and said, "Whatever you want, you can have." You know what? She came into a channel just as Mary come into a channel and said, "Be it unto me according to thy word." They came into a channel to where God was already there waiting on them, right? And what was said from their mouth made the difference? Amen. That's right. Isn't that the same way with us that you come to a place where God wants to see what you'll do? Amen. Come on. He want to see what you can what you'll do and what you can do. And listen, if you can't, then I I believe dad told me years and years ago, I believe I believe Abram was not the only person God spoke to cuz he's not a respector of persons. Abram was the only one that got up and did what he said. He might have spoke to many virgins in the time because it wasn't it didn't say a virgin shall it didn't say Mary shall conceive. It said a virgin shall conceive and bring forth a child. There's no telling how many people he might have come to as an angel. And and Gabriel says, "Hail Susie or Sarah or whatever." And they're like, "No, I ain't doing that. I don't believe that." Yeah. But Mary said, "Be it unto me according to thy word." Whatever it is, I'm here. Amen. I've read about this. I know the word of God says that a virgin is going to have a baby. Amen. In other words, I'm going to say it today. Let me have it. That's right, Lord. It's your will. Let me have it. And what did it do? It produced the body of Jesus Christ. Aren't we supposed to produce the body of Jesus Christ on this earth? Amen. So, let's start by doing the same thing. Be it unto me, Lord, according to your word. Whatever you got, I want. Because if God gives you something, remember, he'll never take it back. And it's always eternal and it's always perfect and it always works. He never had a oops moment. He never a moment where he said I don't mean I didn't mean to do that. I didn't mean to pick Brother Collie. I really didn't. He is so messed up. No, he didn't say that. Praise the Lord. God can't change his mind, folks. If he ever loved you, as we said before, you'll get a revelation. I did not too long ago. If he ever loved you to begin with and saw his character somewhere in your life, When he said that's mine, he can't change his mind. You can't say a day in your life, God don't love me. God ain't where I'm God ain't where I'm at. Maybe you're not where God's at. Amen. But he gave you something. He either gave you something to do or he may have called you just for one sermon. Now, brother Emanuel, that is not for you. But remember, brother B said he groom a man for one sermon. He groomed John the Baptist for six months and that was it. No prayer lines. Nobody was saved under his ministry. He came to do one thing. Introduce the Messiah. And then what happened to him? Ridiculed, despised, got his head cut off. Yes. So, we had to have somebody to tell us where God is. And I believe that this message will tell us and show us where God is. Yes. What his character is, what what everything that you do, the things that you do, I know it's already predestinated by God. You understand me? Predetermined. But he didn't predetermine it for you. We'll get into predestination in a little bit. Remember, one more time. Wake up. He knew what you would do. Therefore, he predetermined it by what you are doing now. Because remember, fornowledge is first then predestination. Absolutely. Those who he forneew, he did predestinate. if he didn't for know you. That's why that that there's people that are in a book called the book of life. But there's a group of people that's in a lamb's book of life, an eternal section that can never be changed. Amen. That's the bride of Jesus Christ. That's the ones that he he's coming for. That's the one he wants to be his wife. Yes. Amen. To have his character to know what he wants. real scary sometimes when you live together long enough till you look at each other and you go say something and your sweetheart looks at you and says I was thinking the same thing kind of scary sister especially with him but no don't you do that sometimes you'll look at you and you say man I thought about the same let's do that let's do that I was thinking about doing the same thing well what was it is you we become so much together till you know I know June does not like now listen to this you ready June does not like flowers right I know that praise God cuz you just can give flowers but you can't give them enough and seven days later they get put in a trash can and there goes your $80 brother Danny could have brought shells yeah right And uh boom in a trash can. I know my wife likes chocolate. So see I know the character of my wife. Why would I even try to buy her flowers? Amen. The other day I tricked her. I bought her flowers but they were chocolate. It was a bouquet. They were sticking out like this. They were about this big. And they were red. Looked just I mean from afar they look like real flowers. Yeah. But it was chocolate. Dark chocolate. She likes dark chocolate. So you see what I mean? So God, same way with God. When we come to this stage of adoption, he knows our character. He knows what we like and don't like. But remember, more than anything, we know what he likes and what he doesn't like. Right? Cuz we can change our like and dislike. He can't change his like and dislike. So when we when we know he likes something, it doesn't matter who does it, he's pleased. And he's pleased to dwell in you by the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. Pleased to dwell in you. But he did not say to Jesus, "Here you him." Right? At first, he had to wait a while, a few years of child training and training and brought up in the humanity that he was. Same way with me and you. He knows we're not He knows Paul says, "I know your babies. I know you like milk." But he said strong meat are for those that are advanced, those that are of full age. So there's got to be meat in part of what we're taking, not just milk. We start out drinking milk. I like milk. Had a little bit this morning, but I ain't going to have it this afternoon. I'm going to have steak or something. Jim's leaving so we got me and mama's going to go eat somewhere. But you know that really you look at your spouse and you know their likes and dislikes. If you don't, they'll tell you them. Well, praise the Lord. Cuz sometimes we don't pay attention. We have selective hearing and yeah, June says, "I need a herinade." No, I just need to listen more. But you know what? That's the same thing with God. As you're a Christian today, we'll stop right here. As you're a Christian today, as you being a Christian today, you ought to know what pleases God. I'm talking about today, 2025. Right here, today, whatever this is, May the whatever it is, 11th. Thank you. Somebody always has to be specific. May the 11th. But God knows you, but you should also know what makes him happy and what makes him sad. Now, you can go to the Baptist church today and you can say, "Well, I can wear pants into the church and that makes God happy." They do it all the time. I saw we saw some the other day on a pair of shorts and went to church on Sunday. Flip-flops. And you say, "Well, it don't mean anything." Well, yes it did. It sure did. It means a lot. Means a lot to God because you told you not, you know, if you come to me, then you bring, you know, bring your burdens to me, but don't bring don't bring it in, you know, jeans and shorts, right? I mean, come on. But see, don't you sisters and brothers know then we know what God likes and dislikes. Everybody with me? All right. We've read it. A prophets told us. And that's what a prophet done, brother John. He put us He put us He made sure we were in the right vehicle. Amen. He made sure we were on the right road. Then he gave us signs. Yeah. Hallelujah. There'll be earthquake. It'll shake California. Drop it to the ground to the to the ocean. There'll be earthquakes in many places. There'll be all these different things that he prophesied. A pope will come out of the United States. That was in 1955 that he said that. So we're on the right road. We got the right vehicle. Yes, sir. We should know what God likes and don't like. So what's our problem? Our problem is we're not placed yet. We've got one more step in this adoption process is to place. Now to place or to fix or establish. Now, that's gonna put you over here. Brother Ram told us, come on, musicians. Brother Ram told us, No, wait a minute. We're having communion. Sorry. So, Brother Ram told us, he said, "Now, Ephereim, it woke you up." Anyway, Ephereim, come over and he got this part of the land. Remember Joshua? We'll get into that later on. He said, "All right, your name is this. So, you get this piece of land and then your Manasses, you get this piece of land according to your name." Everybody with me? Amen. Now, brother R made the example. He said, "Why if Ephereim is to produce corn, Manasseh is to produce oil, why is Manasseh planting corn over here in Ephraim's on Ephereim's ground?" It wasn't their position, right? And that's what got them all discombobodulated in the in the what? In the promised land, they started letting things go. They started bringing in all the Hivites and and Jebusites and letting them live among them. That wasn't supposed to be right. That was their promised land. They were supposed to drive all the enemies out. Amen. Every one of them. They had the authority to do it. Because he told Joshua, I was reading this morning, he told Joshua, he said, "Wherever you go and whatever you do, I'll be with you." Right? Whatever you do, even in Joshua, even if you make a mistake, a human error, I'll be right there with you. The only time they ever lost men was when somebody in his congregation, right? Somebody in his in his platoon did something he was not told to do. Remember, God said, "Don't take anything." He said, "It's defiled." Yes. Right. But a little wedge of gold and a little bitty garment and it ended up costing him his life and his family. 12 men or 30 something men got killed. And from that point on, everything just got kind of got convoluted. If you ever let sin in account, we got to get it out. And I know we all have sin. We all have things that we do wrong. But when we come to church, do like I said, before you enter that door, say, "God, Amen. I've done wrong things this this this this week. I've done wrong things this morning. But God, you know my heart. I want to come in here and sit and listen to what you got for me today. Amen. I want to sit and listen to what song you got for me to sing today. What instrument that you have me play today. There's parts that we must play. All of us have a part to play in this. Let's stand to our feet. We'll we'll get to some a little bit later because we got to come to the hear yehe him part. and we will later on um I'll be speaking Wednesday night so we'll continue on it for Wednesday. So um the communion I know that u and here in we see um uh you know u we talked about this a little bit um you know it was it was kind of strange there was 22 22 um pastors. It wasn't preachers. They were pastors. Everybody that went to that place was a pastor. But there was 22 pastors in there and they didn't any of them make their own wine, did they? J didn't didn't any of them make their own wine. They bought it. So we got discussion that I said, "Man, it's the easiest thing to do. Sugar, water, grind them up, pay the next door neighbor to stomp them, do something." But it's real simple to do. And then it's done made by holy hands because you look, you say, "Well, it's you're nitpicking." Well, I look over and see a bottle of wine that they had to go to a liquor store to buy and it's got it's got yeast in it. Yeast is living not supposed to be in there. Sugar and water and that's it. And the and the fruit of the vi of the vine, right? But they put yeast in theirs to help it ferment. No. I said, 'N no, we, my dad's never, we have never bought wine. And since 1971, we've always made our own. And I got to make some more because a lot of people taking communion. And I appreciate that. I appreciate you taking communion. You said, "Well, I'm not worthy." Now, who told you that? Who told you that? Did God tell you you wasn't worthy? Then you do got a problem. But if it's the devil telling you that, well, you know, you did this. You know what brother said? He said, "Even if you've done something, am I quoting brother Brown?" He said, "Even if you've done something, you have an odd against a brother." He said, "You take communion." He said, "But go make it right." Right? That's why we take examination. We take just a few minutes of silent prayer. And I asked, "Lord, clear my slate. Make everything back to zero. Bring everything under your subjection. Even the things I know I did wrong last week. I know I did it cuz I did it and he knew it too. But there's a time of reckoning to where we come to take communion to where we say, "Lord, we're going to do this institution because you said to do it and you made arrangements for us to do it and you made it very important for us to do it because he said if you don't do this, even the footwashing, he said if you Peter, if you don't do this, you'll have no part in my kingdom." That's right. That's pretty to me that's pretty strong. Amen. And he said, "Here's the fruit." He said, "Drink it in my blood." Do this in remembrance of me. Let's remember today what God did for us. Amen. Amen. Let's bow our heads just for a second. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we're all just a bunch of sinners saved by grace. But Father, you gave us a perpetuation. You gave us a not an out. You gave us a way of escape though that we can escape sin. And even if we do sin, there's a blood covering there that'll cover it. And we are sorry that we did it, Lord. We're truly sorry. And Lord, I pray that you'd clean our slate. All of us, Lord. Take all the wants and desires of this world away from us, Lord. Even if we have to suffer a little bit, Lord, to reign with you for an eternity should be well worth it for every one of us instead of the temporary things that we let get in our way here. Father, take those out of the way for each one of us, Lord. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. Bible said he took bread and blessed him. Dear heavenly father, Lord, thank you for this bread. It's been made with holy hands. Lord, I pray now that it's comes to our lips and we partake it, Lord. That we'll remember that you hung on a cruel cross just for me, Father. Just for each one, Lord, that's part of your part of your kingdom and your progeny, Lord. You came here to to get us and bring us back and reconcile us to you, Father. Now I pray as we take this we'll remember you Lord and remember that's what you did for us in Jesus name. Amen. I I don't want this to be a formality. Um I know some people know the churches they only take it once a year once every six months once every three months. Um one brother said we take it when we're ready. I said well we'd never take it. I mean, when you just everybody everybody in here says, "Oh, I'm ready." No, don't worry about that. Don't worry about that. He come He come to save imperfect people. He didn't come to save perfect people. He came to make imperfect people perfect. He came He went to the perfect and what happened? They turned him down. Or the so perfect, you know, people of the day. They turned him down. The very word of God that that they were that they lived by the whole time. They turned him down, killed him. Dear heavenly father, thank you for this wine, Lord. It's been made for one purpose and for us to partake, Lord, knowing that you spilled your blood at Calvary. And Lord, now the life that's in the blood has come back on the believer, Lord, to help us, Father. Just be with each one that's in this sanctuary, Lord. May we look to you, Lord, the author and finisher of our faith in Jesus name. Amen. Come morning, I'll walk by the river. I'll rest neat the evergreen tree. I'll carry my cross through the midnight. Come morning, there's glory for me. Sometimes I'm despised and rejected suffering. And I question, oh father, how long? Then I take one more look at Mount Calvary and it gives me the strength to go on. You know, the Bible tells us that those who endure to the end. So, you got to endure. It didn't say those who coasted to the end. It didn't say those who roller skated to the end or that that drove, you know, a wonderful vehicle. No. No. Those who endure. And you put in whatever beside that endure is. You put whatever you endure. That's your part. But remember, it's to build character. It's never to hurt you. God's never God can't hurt his own kids. True. He can't hurt his own bride. I mean, even like we have some heated discussions sometimes between our spouses. He doesn't. He said, "Look, I give you the thing to do." Amen. If you'll do that, we're good. But he does have to whip us in line every once in a while, and it ain't fun. But every time, brother Dy, you look to Calvary and you say, "Look, Paul said the present suffering is not worthy to be, in other words, shown or revealed in the end time." Listen, when we get to glory, we were talking about this in Jamaica. When we get to glory, you know, you had a rough time. Um, I know some of you, um, Sister Charlotte, you know, we miss Brother Richard and Brother Gary and all the different ones. Brother Dick, uh, Brother Al, all the different ones. But I believe God's going to tell you why he did it. I believe he's going to tell you, why he took him at that time, why he took this person at that time. Because remember, only God can take life. Satan cannot take your life. Hello. Only God can take a life. And when he's finished with you, just like brother Dale, same thing. When he's finished with you, we don't qu Yeah. we question in our humanity. But I believe God's obligated to tell his children why he did it. True. So I believe all anything you've had in your life, you want to go, God, why' I do that? Or why did this happen to me when I was doing this? I believe he's obligated to tell you. And when we get over there before the former things pass away, behold, all things have become new. I believe he'll pull us over to the side and he'll say, "Hey, this is why I did that. I did it for your good. I did it for their good. We don't understand that. Sometimes we don't. We wrestle with it. But oh my, the glory that's going to be revealed when we get there when everything we don't have to go home. We don't have to be tired. We don't have to we don't have to depart. You can travel like a thought. If you need to go talk to Brother Dy, we can go talk to brother Dy. Or you can go to uh um H. Oh, okay. We'll read we'll read it before we take it. Thank you, brother. Sometimes I get to talking and I forget what I'm doing. So, let's read our communion scripture for brother Collie. Got brother Collie. That's what we're doing. We're waiting on him. For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same what night in which he was betrayed took bread. Now, remember this is Paul. Paul wasn't there. So Paul got a vision, a more sure word, a prophet telling us exactly what happened. Cuz wait, Peter was there, John was there. Why didn't they write about it? He wanted Paul as an outside interpreter to look and and look by vision and say this is exactly because they might have missed something, but when you see a vision, you don't miss anything. When he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. this do in remembrance of me. After the same manner also he took the cup and when he had sucked, saying this cup is the new testament in my blood. This do you as often as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you do show the Lord's death till he comes. Wherefore, whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself. That's what we're doing. Examine yourself. And so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkkeeth unworthily eateth and drinkketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. And who are the Lord's body is his bride. For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, many sleep. For if we would judge oursel, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasened of the Lord that we should not be condemned with the world. Praise God. Wherefore, my brethren, when you come together to eat, tarry one for another. And if any man hunger, let him meet at home that he comes not together into condemnation. And the rest will set in order when I come. You know, if this pope is the last one, if he's the one that's going to to be the u to be the uh incarnate antichrist, he don't know there's a group of people. He might know later on, but he don't know there's a bride on the earth that he can't control. He cannot control her. Will not control her. Listen, he will not stop her. He can't stop the bride. He can't stop the word of God being made manifest. I don't care how powerful he thinks he is with the next man that he thinks is powerful. He's not going to stop the word of God. So, get in the word of God, folks. Get in this lifeboat and let's get out of here. Let's take communion. Thank you, Lord. Now, remember sisters, after we read the the uh scripture for footwashing, as you go downstairs, Brother Ryan will be at the back door giving you a little uh giving you a little uh offering, little something from the church that we appreciate all you sisters. Like I said before, you may not be a mother. You may have never birthed a child. But that's not everything. Nurturing, living the life of Jesus Christ in front of somebody, that's worth way more than putting a title of a mother there. Okay. Like I said before, help the sisters that have children just for a few minutes. Just hang on to them. I I like to um Zach Nana's little baby. I like to hold she don't like me much, but at least if I hold her for a few minutes, it gives them a chance to run to the bathroom or go do something or or uh you know, run after the other two kids. But um but just be mindful that that that to help the sisters, brothers, love your wives even as Christ loved the church and gave his life for you. He gave up being the daddy natural. He gave up being a husband natural. He gave up all these things so that you and I can live on this earth, believe in him, and get out of this place. Cuz I'm telling you, if this is the right if this is the right scenario, it'll take them a little while to get everything set up. But you just watch. Craft will prosper. Then you'll read the scripture where it says peace, peace, then sudden destruction. We're going to have peace. It's going to be something. You watch. It's going to be. But they're getting ready behind the scenes. Brother John, they've been doing this for years. Someone told us years ago that the Catholic Church looked 30 years ahead. They couldn't see Pope Francis being the pope, but they knew that the pope once that pope got in, this is the pope they wanted to do what they wanted to do. Listen, there's a lot of fine people in the Catholic Church. Praise God for them. But that system is the Antichrist. But remember, she had daughters, too. It's all evil if you're not in Christ. If you're not in Christ, you're anti Antichrist. So, let's stay into Christ. Get into Christ. Love the Lord. Let's read the footwashing. And then your sisters, head downstairs. And u we love you with the love of the Lord. Thank you so much. Pray for sister June. her her uh sister's not well, so she's going to go stay with her for a few days. And uh and also remember that the neighbors have a dog over here and he got unleashed a little while ago and run one of the kids around Ula run ula around in the parking lot. So let me know when that happens and I'll go speak to them. But they did put it back and chained it back up. It's never been unchained. I've always been up here doing stuff and he always and it is pretty it's a bulldog I think isn't it? Pitbull. Yeah. So just be just men be mindful. If it does come over here one more time, we'll have we'll call animal control and we'll let them let them deal with it. Don't try to deal with it yourself. Don't make neighbors mad, okay? Cuz they don't know no better and I don't think they did it on purpose. So, but still be vigilant, okay? So, let's read the footwashing scripture. And supper being ended, the devil having now put into the heart of Judas this carrot, the Simon's son, to betray him. Jesus knowing that the father had given all things into his hand and that he was come from God and he went to God. He rises from supper and laid aside his garment and took a towel and girded himself. After that he poured water in a basin and began to wash the disciples feet and to wipe them with a towel wherewith he was girded. Then cometh he to Simon Peter. And Peter said unto him, Lord, dust thou wash my feet? Jesus answered and said unto him, what I do thou knowest not now, but thou shalt know hereafter? He was always telling He's always telling Peter, "Peter, I know you got a problem, but you know, you're going to be the spokesperson for this, so just hang on a little while." Peter said unto him, "Thou shalt never wash my feet." Don't ever tell Jesus, "Never." Jesus answered and said, "If I wash thee not, thou hast no part with me." Simon Peter said unto him, Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head. Jesus said unto him, he that is washed neither not saved to wash his feet, but is clean every wit. And you are clean, but not all. For he knew who should betray him. Therefore he said, "You are not all clean." So after he had washed their feet and had taken the garment and was sat down, he said unto them, "Know ye what I have done to you?" Now they didn't, but they would hereafter. You call me Master and Lord? And you say, "Well, for so I am. If I then your Lord and Master have washed your feet, you also ought to wash one another's feet." You see Jesus come I I read this the other day. Now remember there was many many times in his walk with his disciples they called him master and they called him lord and he said don't call anybody that he said don't call me father he said you know he said I'm he said you worship god he he he kind of diverted but right here brother Donnie he's at the end he knows that this is fixing to be read and and and after he's gone this is going to be instituted so he said he said if I then your lord and master already told him you said it so well for So, so I am. So, if I wash your feet, being your Lord and Master, you ought also to wash one another's feet. For I have given you an example, you an example that you should do as I have done to you. Very, very I say unto you, the servant is not greater than his Lord, neither he that sent greater than he that sent him. If you know these things, say it with me. Happy are ye if you do them. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, be with us, Lord. Take care of us. lead us by your Holy Spirit this week, Father, and give us give us grace, Lord, and help us to um to come up, Lord, and and know that we're a child of you and know that we have things that we have to do. We have positions to take. And Father, I pray that we'll get into those positions, Father. Just be with the ones that are sick, Father. Be the ones that are well, Father, that's not here, that's traveling. Father, I pray that you'd be with them. Father, just bless in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed. sisters, remember to get your uh get your little envelope there. Thank you'all so much. [Music]
