################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-30 - 25-0430 - The Book of Corrections - Bob Black - Bob Black.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-30
Title:    25-0430 - The Book of Corrections - Bob Black
Speaker:  Bob Black
Church:   Spoken Word Church
Type:     Short Service
Duration: 54m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7h8JanuBLIg
========================================

Description:
25-0430 - The Book of Corrections - Bob Black
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
We need something. Lord, you give us the way the way out. Lord, you give us the remedy. Lord, everything that we are tonight, everything from our the bottoms of our feet to the head tip of our heads is yours Lord because you said that you bought us with a price. We ask Lord that you'll just come Lord and tonight and just be feel welcome to be with us. Help us, L Lord, tonight Lord, as you'll take these words off the page, Lord, and that your spirit will give them meaning and make them come alive to us. We pray in your name. Amen. Amen. We're going to read tonight from uh 1 Corinthians chapter 10. And um just uh take for a little title, the book of correction. And uh so we'll start at 1 Corinthians 10 um chapter verse one. which says, "Moreover, brethren, I would not that you should be ignorant how that all our fathers were under the cloud, and all passed through the sea, and were all baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea, and did all eat the same spiritual meat, and did all drink the same spiritual drink. For they drank of that spiritual rock that followed them, and that rock was Christ. But with many of them, God was not well pleased, for they were overthrown in the wilderness. God bless you. You can take your seats. And uh you know, we've kind of been meditating on Corinthians and in our Sunday school lessons and things. And um just wanted to take a topic tonight to kind of dive into this and um and maybe maybe preach from it a little bit that um you know, brother Ram said that that Corinthians was uh it's it's a book of correction and um it's you know he talked he framed up how that Corinthian church was that they had a lot of a lot of problems and and he said that they were always in trouble and you know uh I I've got a friend that uh that said that, you know, sometimes you'll see people and that you're acquainted with or or you know, just, you know, in Walmart or whatever and you look at them in the way that they're acting and you think, well, nobody told them how they're supposed to do and and that's why we need correction. You look at, you know, children that are kind of running rampant at the at the playground and and and it's like their parent, where's their parents at? Nobody told them, nobody trained them how to act. And then that as you get older and older, if nobody tells you how to act and and and kind of gives you a little bit straightening out, then then you end up being a problem for society. And and so we we uh it's correction is good. And and you know that thank God that that God in the in the scripture he does just doesn't give us a just a a paddling for paddling's sake you know but he'll he actually frames it up so that we start we something you know when God gives us correction something within our heart starts yearning for God. It it it what it does is it frames up the way that we look at things so that we're we we know that there's something lacking in our lives and we know that there's there's we we we start looking toward the antidote. A you know like like a a parent sometimes when they they give their child a little spanking and and and what do they do that the little kid the little kid may be in diapers or whatever it'll it'll just turn right around and run right back to mom and daddy and run right back to mom and daddy's arms. And that's what God wants us to do when he when he gives us correction. Now, you'll see uh Paul's laying it out here in in in 1 Corinthians 10, and we're going to read 1 Corinthians 13 a little bit as well, that he's framing it up to them so that they can understand that that there's a lot of things that you're you're you're putting your focus on that it's great, but but the real thing is, are you are you really born again? Now that's that's the question that Paul's trying to frame up to to the Corinthians here is are you putting all your focus on on on uh great many things a long list of things that are all good and everything but but are you are you really born again and uh he would say if we notice he couldn't teach the Corinthians deep things they were just a baby fashion they wasn't able to take it you know I I think one of the one of the most important spots on this chart that we have back here on the wall because, you know, we put so much emphasis maybe on on the headstone and and and and all the different things that go in with that, but you know, really, if you get right down to it, the most important thing, the most important part of it is right down at the bottom, right? Is just be born again. Be born again first because that will solve a whole lot of problems. If you're not born again, then you won't be able to hear the the gospel correctly. You won't be able to hear what the preacher's preaching correctly. It won't it won't mean what it will to you if you enter into the Holy of Holies and and are able to and and and and God changes your life and makes you opens up your eyes of understanding and opens up your ears so that you can comprehend and you know sometimes so so that's really you know one of the maybe the problems that some of the Corinthians had is is they were either a baby or they just wasn't born again yet and so they weren't able to take it. You know, sometimes God has to wait on us until we grow to a place where we can receive his blessings. Look at what the Corinthians were doing. They they you look at the situation that they were in that they were all they they had all this jealousy and comparison and envy and strife and division and and all those things all those problems laid out and and and then they started depending on little sensations and little things like that or maybe they somebody would say I had a I had a revelation come to me. Now, that's that's one of the maybe confusing things that Brother Brandon will say is he'll say even revelation because what we'll do is we'll say, "Well, I got a revelation that I'm supposed to do something or whatever. I've got a revelation about somebody. I've got some kind of a special revelation." But you can't use that as an evidence that that that that you are have a genuine experience with God. So the the Corinthians would they would say, "Well, I maybe one of them well I I've got some kind of a special revelation where God pulled me over to the side and told me something special about you or my situation or whatever and they were using that as an evidence or I've got a psalm or I've got a prophecy." But Paul said, now now here's the kicker. Paul said all these things will fail. All these things will fail. See, every one of them, Brother Brown would frame it up like he'd say they're just not to be trusted too much. Now, one of my favorite scriptures in the Bible is in second Peter chapter 1 where Peter says the same thing but in a different way. He said, he said, "This voice which came from heaven, we heard." In other words, I was on the Mount Transfiguration. I heard the voice from heaven speak out and say, "This is my beloved son. Hear ye him." I heard I was there. I saw Elijah and I saw Moses. I was I was up there when when we were with him in the Holy mount. But he said we now we you you can't use that as an evidence. That's what he's saying. You I can't use that as an evidence that I was there and I saw all these things. I can't use that as an evidence. But we have also a more sure word of prophecy where unto ye do well that ye take heed as unto a light that shineth in a dark place unto the day dawn and the day star arise in your hearts. Now now see there's scripture script the word of God made alive trumps any kind of an experience like that any goosebumps prophetic dreams private revelations that contradict scripture all that's got to be laid to the side. I and and and if it if it's at all contrary to the word of God, scripture trumps experience. But now there's the there's the balance. That don't mean you don't need an experience. Now, there's the thing. You can't base it on an experience, but we need an experience. Right? Now, tell me that's not confusing to preach. Oh, you can't base it on an experience, but you need an experience. You can't base it on your little a little one maybe a little one time think something happened. Well, even even maybe healing, you get healed of cancer or something and or healed of something amazing as many people did in brother Brandham's prayer lines and come out. I know that that man is is real that he's he's really led of God and God touched me and healed me. But yet down in your soul, something could still be lacking. Yeah. You can't base it on an experience, but you got to have an experience. And brother Ram said that's actually what the world is looking for is somebody with a real experience. Somebody that's real genuine. He said they don't care how good we educate our preachers. They're wanting to see reality. Reality is a real a real nature change where somebody that's walking out in the world that they don't have to tell lies to get by. They don't have to go steal a stapler out of the out of the workroom or something to get by. They don't have to go finagle their way. I was actually talking to my wife today about a situation where, you know, the world the world probably could get by with telling a lie and get some more money in their bank account, but not me. Not me even if I can't get by can get by with it. I because what the world needs to see something genuine, something real, right? And he said then then they've got an experience if there is a reality. That's what we need, an experience. Now, the experience that I'm I'm trying to explain here is an experience like what we've got here on the on the on the wall back here, an experience where you're born again, experience where you begin to see God changing you and he takes you from point A to point B and it might might be, you know, 10, 15, 20 years along and along you look back and and before long you're identifying yourself with the same journey that Abraham went on. Abraham hanging on in faith, not knowing when that baby was going to get here, but yet he's moving on, watching God slowly transform his life to where the little bitty things that he used to not be able to hang on to. Now, now he's got more that that little bit of snowball faith has snowballed up into a great mountainiz faith and he's able to believe for the impossible. Amen. Now, now what's an experience? An experience is a personal lived event or encounter that leaves a distinct impression on your mind, emotions or memor memory. It involves direct participation or observation, not just knowledge or theory. It's something that you live through. Something that you live through. You you were there. And that's why it's hard to convey to somebody else your experience. I've had this this problem myself. You you tell somebody an experience that you live through where God did something for you and it just doesn't resonate to them because they were there. I I went through it. I saw God get me out of this situation. But you tell somebody about it and well it just you know it seems like they just don't they just don't understand and they don't understand cuz it's my experience and it's your experience. If you've had an experience, I it it's something that you directly went through, something you yourself went through where where you know that God came on the scene and did something for you. And and nobody can take that away from you. The devil can't take it away. Your friends, your parents, any your your buddy sitting on the pew next to you, nobody can take that away from you because you know that you were there when it happened. Amen. But right salvation is not based on experience right because people can have any kind of an experience. Brother Brown said the Mohamadas have experiences the Buddhists have an experience and every different religion has experiences and neither can salvation be based upon fasting, prayer experiences, sensations or sincerity. Salvation cannot be based upon any church or any creed. Nothing but the word of God. for it's God's word. Now listen, you can have an experience and your heart not be right. But when you when your heart receives the word of God, it will affect an experience in your life. So you got to have an experience. The word will produce an experience. But experience itself is not the proof. What is it? The proof is a life that is lived by the word. It's a life that it matches up with the word. your life matches up. It agrees with the word cuz the word is grabbing a hold of you and it starts changing you to live out what is there on the page. That's why the new birth is not knowledge or it's not theory. It's not just something that you learn about. But it's the person of Jesus Christ manifested in your life. And brother Ram was saying you must be born again. He said the true word comes to the true prophet and he tells you the true word. You follow that true word and you get a true experience of the word because the word is made flesh in you and you become God's son and the word of God is revolving right out of God into you because you are of his nature. His spirit is in you and you'll do the works of God. Hallelujah. The Bible said so. Oh my. Now there there we've got what Christianity really is. It's not legalism where we're coming to church and we're judging one another and if you don't tally up to my list of rules then then you're out and all of those things. But what it is is the word of God sewn into a repented heart. Good old tealed up ground where the word of God can spring forth and it starts moving up like a lily through the mud to change you to make you to make you different. And then that's what proves. He said your faith does it and then your life proves whether you received it or not. So something happening is not an evidence. But when your life is scripturally identified with the word and you've experienced a journey of faith that identifies with the word that is the evidence. Brother Rand would say, he said, "I think it's great when you got a people that you can teach deep things." Now, that's great when you got somebody that they've heard the word and it and and maybe not all the word. You know, that that's the question that comes up to, do I have to know everything in the Bible to be born again? No. No. Just take just take one little scripture. Just take that promise there in Acts chapter 2. Repent and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus a and and the promises to you and you start just meditating on that. Well, okay, what's the name of Jesus? What does this mean to go down in the water? You start meditating on that and it will start to have an effect on your life and you'll start moving in that direction. How do you get born again? You just you just put your foot out like Peter stepping out of that boat. Put your feet out on the water and just start walking to the promise and watch God to work in your life. Amen. I think it's great, brother said, when you got a people that you can teach deep things and the Holy Spirit can wind these great truths and anchor it into the into the people's hearts so they know where they are standing. Sensation or no sensation, prophecy or no prophecy, and whatever it might be. Now, there's something great when you can sit on Job's ashy and all your friends are gone and everybody's gone away from you and there's no sensation. There's no great prayer meeting or anything go, you know, any great supernatural outpouring, no clouds or angels, but yet you know, you know where you're standing, right? Right. You have an anchor. Now, that's what we're talking about tonight. down in your soul. Your spirit can be all tore up with things of life and and worry and wondering all these different things. Your spirit, that's what we're trying to as we grow up, the stature of a perfect man. We're trying to get our spirit lined up. But down in your soul, faith rest in the soul. And my soul feeds only on the word of God. And that's why I got to have the word of God because that's what gives me strength. Amen. Amen. My soul feeds on the word of God. And that's where that's where my nature is. My soul my soul is the nature of the spirit. So that's that's why that's why a born again believer acts the way they do because they've had a nature change. Their nature is the nature of Christ because your soul has been changed to be like Christ. Amen. Now that's why that's why over in 1 Corinthians 13:8 in chapter 13 of 1 Corinthians we start reading as Paul explains he says charity charity never faileth charity don't never it will never fail charity love down in your soul love that's not just something that you read about but something the real essence of love agapo love charity never faileth but whether there be prophecies, they'll fail. Now, think about how profound that is. Somebody stood up in church and could could prophesy about something that will happen to you on the way home tonight and yet there might be something wrong in their soul. That's not the evidence just because of something supernatural happened. But whether there be prophecies, they shall fail. Whether there be tongues, they shall cease. Whether there be knowledge, it shall vanish away. See, it's not just about accumulating knowledge. It's not just about accumulating knowledge. Brother Rama said all these sensations that those Corinthians had, not one of them was a evidence that they were saved. Not one of them was was an evidence that they were saved. Not if you could shout, if you could prophesy, if you could heal the sick, if you could speak with tongues, if you could interpret tongues, if you had wisdom, if you had knowledge, none of those mean you're saved. Not a one of them. Now, how many things could we add to the list? Because I do this, because this happens, because this happened, because but it it's not an evidence. He said, you could have every one of them, Paul said, and be lost. I am nothing. Now, there's that question, you know, that that people are going to ask at the white throne judgment that that Jesus framed up in Matthew chapter 7 when he said, "Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have have we not prophesied in thy name? I I preached in your name. I cast out devils and in thy name cast out devils and in thy name done many wonderful works. And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you. Depart from me, ye that work iniquity. But when you got love, the person that's an anchor. Now this love that Paul's talking about, charity, charity, charity never never faileth. Love is, you know, in in the Greek there's there's different tenses of that word agapo. Agapo is the uh agapo is the is the verb. It means like to love sacrificially. Jesus loved till he laid everything down on the cross. He just to love sacrificially. But the word agape is the noun, the essence of the thing. And that's what Paul is talking about. And what agape is that it's going to be patient and kind. It's going to always behave decently, seek other people's gain, stay stay, you know, cool in a situation. It's going to delight in truth. It will be able to bear all things. It'll always believe the best, hope the best, endure the worst. And that's that's something. Believe the best and endure the worst. And that kind of love will never fail. It'll outlast any kind of a gift, miracle, knowledge. It will it will outlast all of those things. But what it won't do is it's not envious. It's not boastful. It's not proud. It's never rude. It's not self-absorbed. It's not easily provoked. It It doesn't keep a scorecard of wrongs. Agapo love doesn't have a list. It's not a list keeper. and and it never celebrates injustice. a love love and and and brother Brown will say thought maybe if we could get this warning to the people as war Paul was warning these Corinthians if we can get this warning to the people knowing that we're facing a revival now an examinating time when we must be examined you know sometimes it's good to examine oursel I was thinking uh tonight just riding up the road that you know I'm I'm getting older you know you look back and now I'm a grandparent I got to throw that in there. Y'all know that. I got to throw that. I'm a grandparent. But where did the time go? Just just just yesterday I was graduating high school. Just yesterday I was getting married. And and life is such a short little span, right? And you only have just one chance to give your heart for Christ. Yeah. You only got one chance. And brother Brandham when he was preaching, he would narrow it down even further that you don't you don't know what's going to happen tonight when you go home. You might get an accident on the way home. You might hit a chicken truck or something. We don't know. God forbid. But you don't know how much time you have left on this earth. And so every little moment counts. If you haven't given your heart to God, then don't wait. Don't waste time. Amen. Amen. Because every little moment counts. And you'll look back and I heard I heard somebody say, this is kind of a a bad thing to say that some people look back on their life at the end of their journey and they realize that it didn't ever amount to nothing. But well, you know, that would be true if if your whole life was wasted and you never gave your heart to God after a whole life. Your whole life goes by and you never surrendered your heart to God. What a waste. What a waste. And that's why Brother Brandon would make those statements that seem harsh to people that, you know, they're a an ill-famed woman or whatever is not worth a bullet to shoot her with. But why? Because your your life is a waste. If you don't give your heart to God, then your life ends up being like just just sand blowing on on the desert just blowing by. And and Paul would say in 1 Corinthians chapter 10, he'd say, "Moreover, brethren," if we continue reading, "Moreover, brethren, I would not that you should be ignorant. How that all our fathers were under the cloud." All our fathers were under the cloud, and all passed through the sea, and were baptized unto Moses and the cloud and in the sea. And brother Ram would say, we find on down a little farther in our lesson that many of those were overthrowed because they could do all the rituals and all the orders and everything that God required and still their hearts wasn't right with God. Now, what's Paul trying to express to the Corinthians? You're going to church and and you're doing you're you have the same maybe testimony as the people that followed Moses, but are you born again? Are you born again? Now, I know I know a lot of preachers kind of shy away from preaching like this, but I'mma do it. I'm I'm going to go ahead and say you've been here at Lula for for decades, maybe for years and years, and no matter where you are, whether you're a child or an adult or whatever, what however you regard the message or whatever, are you born again? Are are you sure that you're born again? because he's saying that, you know, the hardest thing to get somebody to see is that there's something wrong with with their life, with their position. And that's why we've got the mirror of God's word, that we can look in the mirror of God's word and compare our life and compare our nature and compare our walk and see if the way that we are agrees with what the word says we should be. Because if we're not, if we don't match up with it, then it's shaken up time. It's examination time. As brother Brandham said, it's time to examine ourselves and see, do we really compare where the word the word says we should be? And he said, now we can do many things. We can take communion. We could be baptized. We can come to church, have our names on the book, or be just as respect and reverent as we can be, and still be lost. That's a solemn warning. We could be just rejoice when the spirit would fall and in a meeting where the word was being preached and our souls would just rejoice with the word and still be lost. My goodness, that ought to make anybody's head almost explode that you can sit in a meeting where the word is being preached and rejoice at the word being preached. Rejoice at a good oldfashioned camp meeting. rejoice at a special meeting and still be lost because the rain falls on the just and the unjust. The same rain that makes the wheat grow makes the weed grow. Now, here's the thing. It's the nature of the product. See, he asked that question. See, it's the nature of it that tells what we are. Therefore, it's the nature in us that tells what we are. You ever wonder maybe if if you know Abel's watching Cain and and and and you know along and along God begins to speak to him that it's blood. Why is it blood? Because blood is the life and in the blood is the nature and the life is the nature. the life whether you know if it's a it's if it's a a a pine tree is going to look like the life of the pine tree is going to make pine pine needles and so forth. If it's the life of an oak tree, it's going to look like an oak tree. It's going to be the nature of an oak tree. It's going to whatever the life is. Maybe maybe Abel's looking at Cain and wondering why do you act like that? It's the nature. It goes all the way back to the nature. Brother Brham would actually say this. He said, "First you were mean and evil and hatred and malice and strife. Now though you're loving, you're sweet and you're kind." And see the difference. It's your nature. We could I I'll call it that. It's your soul that's been changed. Amen. The old soul died and the new soul, which is the new nature, was born into you. Now, he's not talking about the person of your being dying, but he's talking about that old nature. Your nature changed and now that nature is gone. A person will have a nature like all those lists that Paul has of of malice and gile and hypocrisies and envys and evil speakings, debates and envings and wraths and strifes and backbitings and whisperings and swellings and tumults and all those things that Paul lays out. But then God can take those those two tables of stone like he wrote out with Moses and put them in your heart. And then those two tables of stone, what was written out on stone, now it's lived out in you. And it changes you. Changes you to honor your father and mother, changes you to put God before everything else. Changes you so you don't lie and steal and hate. Changes you. And Revelation chapter 4, he said, "If you'll get the word soul and look it up, it'll tell you in the Bible dictionary or Webster, any any of them, it is the nature of the spirit. Now here's a man we say here's John Doe. Now John Doe is a man body. He's a brother to James Doe to Sam Do. Now John is a spirit soul body. And Samo is the same thing. Now this man is evil, mean, cheat, steal, lie, commit adultery, any evil thing that he can do. But this man is full of love, peace, joy. They're both got soul, body, and spirit. Well, what's the difference? This man can go back and say, "I remember my mama. I remember things that we done when we was boys." Both of them can. Just like Cain and Abel, just like Jacob and Esau, just all the way down. They both got experiences where they were raised up the same way. They both got spirits. They both got souls. They both got body. But the nature of this man's spirit is evil. The nature of this man's spirit is good. See? So the nature of the spirit is the soul of man. See? So now God is trying in to get into the what? The spirit and the heart of man. Where the spirit lays is in the heart down in your heart. down deep within your inner essence is is where all where the way you act comes from. The way you are comes from your soul. Your soul that way down under the surface that you can't you can't you know it's it's just buried but that's what's controlling the way that you are and that God can change that. You know, brother would tell that story about how that I think it was Matson and Bose's daughter came in with an article that that said that science had discovered that there was a a chamber in the heart of a man that was like a little reservation spot. You know, if you go uh get a hotel when you're traveling somewhere, you make a reservation. Well, you know, it's like God making a reservation. to think to think that there's a spot in your heart for God to come and dwell. Now, you can argue all day long about whether science can actually prove that or not. All I'm saying is that brother Ram said that there was an article that said that there was a a spot in your in your heart. Now, there's a heart there sure is a spot in your in your heart for God to come and dwell in you and to change you and to make you like him. He said, "Now, we might be so religious till we wouldn't turn our hands on Sunday to do a thing. We might not even take a stitch in our clothes on Sunday. We might not even feel justified to buy food on Sunday. We might be so religious and so pious, but yet if we are not literally born again of the spirit of God, we're just worshiping in vain." Yes. You know, he told that story of those two men that he tell he told that story so many times of the two men at that Pentecostal camp meeting where they were both prophesying and interpreting, but yet one of them had something wrong in his soul. He said, "When I got a chance on the outside to talk to one of them and could tell what he was made from, there was one as evil as could be. Something was wrong with his nature. But yet in his spirit and externals, he was prophesying, interpreting, and it was the genuine spirit of God. You know, to think that somebody could taste the grapes of the promised land like they the Israelites there at Kadesh Barnea and and see the evidence that the message of the hour is true, that the gospel is true, and then then turn back out of fear and or or or maybe just afraid to to go on and and afraid that God will actually do what he says he does. The Bible says for somebody to do that, to taste like they did at Kadesh Barnea, to taste, to see that the supernatural God is actually working through this prophet's message, to see that God is actually he he's actually fulfilling his signs and wonders that he spoke of in the scripture to to taste of it and then turn back. It's impossible. Like Paul said, it's impossible for those who were once enlightened and have t tasted of the heavenly gift and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost and have tasted the good word of God and the powers of the world to come, if they shall fall away to renew them again under repentance, seeing they crucify to themselves the son of God aresh and put him to an open shame. It's impossible for you to taste to to come and and fellowship with believers and see the spirit of God moving and see that God is real. To see that he's true and that he keeps his word. He keeps it to others to taste that and then to turn around and go back and say, "I I don't believe it." To to make that decision like they did there at Kadesh Barnea, God is not able to deliver us of the giants. You might have giants tonight, but to turn around and say, "Well, I I don't believe that he's able to do it in the way that they did there at Kadesh Barnea." In other words, say it like this. If you've been enlightened and then turn away from your enlightenment, if you can see God moving and then turn away, it is impossible for you to ever regain your place again. Don't linger on the edge and turn away because you'll only get true security by coming all the way in. Right. Right. But you know on the flip side, it is absolutely impossible, Brother Brandham said, for a man that has received the Holy Spirit to ever fall away. Right now, what about that? It's impossible if you have received the Holy Ghost. It's impossible for you to fall away. You cannot fall away if you have received a genuine experience of the new birth. Why? because his life has come in you. His life has taken hold. It's taken root and and he's claimed you for himself. And so it's impossible. It's impossible for you to ever be lost. Amen. Amen. Brother Brown was he saw that that that vision of the of the earth turning and and and one, you know, dressed in white going and sewing seas and that one dark, you know, clothed in darkness coming behind him sewing seeds. And he always he wondered he you know what what's going on here and he said then I understood when God revealed it to him the Holy Spirit will fall but by their fruits they are known said the Lord Jesus not by the reaction of the spirit whether they heal the sick or whether they speak in tongues or whether they sang in the spirit or whether they rejoice this way or that they can do all that and still be lost. It's your life within you. A born again experience. Amen. What What do we What's the takeaway from that vision is that one swed good seed and it grew and grew and grew until finally the fruit was manifested. And there it is. The fruit tells what it is. And then on the other side that the the the the weeds the the the seeds of weeds were planted until they grew and grew and grew and grew and and you open it up, crack open looking for that little pit bit of wheat. Where's it at? It it's not there. And so that shows that it ain't the real genuine. It's the life that bears forth. Now, now see, you'll think maybe this is maybe a little bit not too deep, but this has something to do with the seals because I tell you what's going to give you rapturing faith. What's going to give you faith to step out of this mortal realm is when you see your life bearing forth exactly the same thing that the word says it would bear forth in this day. It's the life in the bride. It's the same token life. Well, that's why brother Ram preached that sermon, the token. The token's got to come in the evening time. Now, at the at the end of the journey, at the this kind of token, there's a token that that comes when you're born again to really show that you're a real born again child of God. But there's an end time token that shows that the same life that was in the son of man is now in his bride. It's the same life being restored back. Now that's why in 1 Corinthians chapter 10, Paul would say, "Moreover, brethren, I would not that ye should be ignorant. How that all our fathers were under the cloud and all passed through the seat." You know, there was a time for ignorance. There was a time when when Christ was there on the mercy seat at our ignorance, atoning for all the little dots and and little little gaps in our understanding that well, why do you believe in a trinity? Well, I I'm just ignorant. You know, Martin Luther, John Wesley, they just didn't know. And so, God is atoning for their ignorance. But then here at the end time when he comes forth with the book in his hand, well, there ain't nobody ignorant anymore. You can look around the world and see that nobody's ignorant. What has turned into now? They're blind. Nobody's ignorant anymore. They're just blind. There it has been changed. Something's been changed spiritually to ignorance for to blindness. people willfully blind because they can see. You tell me somebody's not blind where you can see the evidence of the Holy Ghost moving and lies changing people and they're they're blind because they can't see it. Blindness. We're all baptized into Moses and the cloud and then the sea and all eat the same spiritual meat and all drink the same spiritual drink for they drank of that spiritual rock that followed them. And that rock was Christ. And brother Brandon would say, "This is not just little kid stuff. This is deep. Christianity is not just to be a little like, well, I'll go over to church and I know it's my duty to go." That's not Christianity. Christianity is something that God has done. Christianity is something that God has done. What's he speaking of? All these eating the same spiritual meat and drinking the same spiritual drink. He's speaking of the rituals of the church like like Paul was talking about in Hebrews chapter nine when he said, "How much more shall the blood of Christ who through the eternal spirit offered himself without spot to God purge your conscience from dead works to serve the living God." That God can take you from dead works just going through the rituals and the motions to serve a living God. A living God. They come in and was baptized into Christ. Brother say took on Christ outwardly professionally had taken him on intellectually had accepted him. But brother it's a lot more than intellectuals. It goes beyond that. He said they all took communion. They all follow that same spirit being the cloud and the pillar of fire. They all were led by the same angel. They all come out by the same pastor. They all was baptized in into the sea. But it isn't something to be played with. It isn't just going to church. He said, "Oh, you know, I I know I'm saved. Hallelujah. I shout in the spirit. I feel this." That doesn't have one thing to do with it. And he asked this question. You see how we base our eternal destination upon a sensation? That's why Paul in 1 Corinthians chapter 13 that we're we're trying to get to in our Sunday school lesson said this. Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass or a tinkling symbol. And though I have the gift of prophecy and understand all mysteries and all knowledge and though I have all faith so that I could remove mountains and have not charity, I am nothing. What's he saying? Though though I understand every m and I'm I'm quoting from brother Dale when he used to talk about when he preached on the seven seals. I can understand all technically all the seven seals but it if it's not lived right and that's why there's a different a difference between the seals and the thunders. The thunders are the revelation of the seals. I'm going stop right there. I have the gift of prophecy and understand all mysteries and all knowledge. All knowledge. You could have all knowledge. You could understand every technical thing but without charity without it alive in you without it alive I am nothing. In verse three he said though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor and though I give my body to be burned and have not charity it profitth me nothing. Brother Brandham will say, "All your good works, all your good deeds, all the spiritual things you have, all the gifts you have, all the sensations you have, all the joy you have, all the peace you have, has nothing to do at all to do with it to begin with." In verse four, 1 Corinthians 13, he said, "Charity suffereth long and is kind. Charity envieth not. Charity voneth not itself. Is not puffed up. doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinkketh no evil. Why? Because charity is agile love. And agile love is sacrificial. And that only comes from a nature change. That's the nature of Christ. That's the same nature of Christ there on the cross when he when he gave everything everything for you and I. Paul said, "And date all d drank the same spiritual drink. They drank of that spiritual rock that followed them and that rock was Christ. He said the man of the food which is the word that come from God out of heaven. Christ is the word and we eat the word. We set like in the message this morning. We listen our souls reaching grab that word. We live by the word. But if your life doesn't tally up to God's word, then it's time for a get right with God. Amen. It's time for a get right with God. And we'll stop on this scripture. With many of them, God was not well pleased. For they were overthrown in the wilderness. What happened? Brother Ram said, "It's because people are unstable on the word of God." Don't the Bible said they go from the east, from the west, from the north, and the south. There'd be a famine not for bread and water alone, but for the hearing of the word of God. What a day that we're living in. Well, it's a day when people have gone from ignorance to blindness. A a a day when people have gone to where they the gospel is preached, but yet they cannot hear in their ear. They've got an all in their ear that prevents them from hearing because they've rejected it. to to think what a sad situation that is where where most of the world can can hear the gospel preached on street corners and in different places and churches and it's all over the internet now and they just cannot hear it because there's a famine in the land for the hearing of the word. But thank God if we can hear it. Amen. If you can hear the gospel preached and and you recognize what what it is and what it's done to you and you can see that God has brought you through an experience and you look back and see the seals open to reveal the experience of your life. Oh, that's what Amos chapter 8 verse 11 says. Behold the days come, sayaeth the Lord God, that I will send a famine in the land, not a famine of bread, nor a thirst for water, but of hearing the words of the Lord. But the word will produce a new life. It'll produce life that bears the fruit of the Holy Spirit, love, joy, peace, longsuffering, kindness, faith, all those things. And it always agrees with and acts on all the word of God. Amen. Now, there's you an evidence that a nature change will make your life agree with the word. Amen. It'll make your your your motives and objectives line up with the word, and it will it will begin to change even the way that you think. Because charity charity is a person. It's the nature of Christ. As you as the musicians come forward, I I just want to ask this question. Have you received his life? I I I mean genuinely really really received it and not just to hope so or maybe but have you really come to a place where you know that you are anchored that you know that you know that you know because if you haven't don't don't leave this building until don't don't leave this building until you're sure. If you really if you really don't know it's time to get serious with God. You know, it's almost like, you know, we we can see all the all the things of the economy happening and the presidential changes and it gets every everybody when when when the when the pope passes and they're choosing a new pope, it gets everybody kind of in antsy a little bit. Well, maybe it should. Maybe it should. It's check it up time to make sure that as as as things begin to change and things begin to unfold, are we really where we ought to be, right? Or do we really have a real genuine experience with God or is it just based on experiences, just little sensations, just little things in life or well I I know God spoke to I know God healed me of this thing that I had. I know God came on the scene and he healed me and he helped me. He helped me with my money problem. He helped me with this. Well, that's wonderful. That's wonderful. But what about a real genuine experience of the Holy Ghost? Do you know God for yourself? Do you know him in the same way that Peter did when when you know Jesus come and he asked that question? Well, he who am I? And there was nobody that could answer that question except for one that had a revelation. Oh, when God comes and speaks to you himself and reveals to you himself, he'll take this word and and and begin to unfold things that written between the lines that the world has no idea, no way to understand because you can only understand by the Holy Ghost. Amen. How do I get in? By one spirit. We are all baptized into one body. You got to have his nature. You got to have his life by one spirit. We are all baptized into one body. Whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free and have been all made to drink into one spirit. How do I get in? Jesus said, "Except you eat the flesh of the son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in you." You got to eat his flesh. You got to eat his word. You got to drink his blood. It takes the spirit, the life, the life to make the word live. Amen. God bless you, saints. Let's stand to our feet. I thank God we've got that promise. Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood hath eternal life and I'll raise him up at the last day. If you need prayer, come forth and we'll pray with you. He touched me. Oh, he touched me. and all the joy that floods my soul. [Music] Something happened and now I know he touched me and made me whole. Verse one, shackled by heavy burden, he touched me. Oh, shackled by a heavy [Music] burden. Need the Lord of g and shame. [Music] Then the hand of Jesus touched me and now I am no longer the [Music] same. Oh, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. And all the joy that floods my soul. Something happened. And now I know he touched me and made me whole. Since I met this blessed savior. Oh, since I met this blessed, said Savior. And since he cleansed and made me whole, for I shall never cease to praise him. I'll shout a while eternity rose. He touched me. Oh, he touched me. and know the joy that floods my [Music] soul. Something happened. And now I know he touched me and made me whole. Amen. Let's bow our heads and our hearts. Lord God, we're so grateful to you, Lord, for that touch, Lord. It's one thing when you touch us in our body and you make us whole in our in our flesh. It's one thing when you you give us encouraging words and help us in our spirit. Oh, when we when your word touches our soul and gives us like Peter said that a day star springing up, a light like a day star springing up within our heart. Now, that's an anchor, Lord, that that surpasses any kind of sensation, emotion, feeling, oneoff experiences. Yes. Oh, God. When you touch us, Lord Jesus. Yes. Lord, we're so grateful for your touch, for your word that you've given to us to strengthen us, Lord Jesus. And I pray, God, that your people are strengthened, that they're help, Lord. I pray, God, that you'll keep them on their way home, Lord, and watch them and guide them, Lord Jesus. Let your word just keep watch over their lives, Lord Jesus, and help them, Lord. And I pray, God, a special prayer of conviction over any hearts that are not right with you, Lord. I pray, God, that you'll not let them ever get rest until they come to you, Lord. Shake them in their bed at night, Lord. Let their tears drip like rain on their pillow, Lord, like David said. Lord Jesus, until they come to you, Lord God, I pray, Lord, that you'll draw and pull. If any lords sitting here or maybe on the internet realize that there's something lacking in their heart, I pray that you'll not let them rest until they find soloulless in your bosom. Grant it now, Lord, that you'll bless us as we go our different ways, Lord. Be with your people, we pray. Amen. God bless you. Sing it to him as you leave. [Music] Something has happened and now
