################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - 25-0413 - Son of Man (Adoption Time Pt.2) - Wade Dale - Wade Dale - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-13
Title:   25-0413 - Son of Man (Adoption Time Pt.2) - Wade Dale
Speaker: Wade Dale
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lG1aqPCkmrc
========================================

is good. Oh, yes, he is. Oh, he's so good all the time. Oh, God is good all the time. He put us all the praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, he's so good all the time. Thank you, [Applause] Lord. Oh, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good. How often? Glory. Thank you, Lord. Oh, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good. all the time. Amen. Once more with all your heart. Oh, God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Yes. Oh, God is good all the time. Amen. Once more. Oh. Oh, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the [Music] time. Glory. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank God always for his goodness. Amen. I I think I said since I'm getting a little bit older, Somebody's always doing something to help me. This morning I put on a pair of shoes that didn't fit right. So when I got here, I tell him, "Brother Wade, I need somebody to do me a favor." He said, "What is it?" And I told him, he said, "Well, I'll do it." So thank the pastor went and got my good pair of shoes put on. So it it's just a blessing that you have people that's willing to help you. Amen. That's right. Brother brother Joseph carried the old pair back and put them in the truck. So I just thank everybody that do anything for me through the goodness of God. Amen. That's right. We're going to read this morning from Deuteronomy 29:es 1-4. Let us pray. Pray. Dear Lord Jesus, most kind, merciful heavenly father, we thank you Lord for your goodness, for the small things and the great things that you do for us. God, you do it through your love. And we pray that we can never do the same thing for others, God, that you do for us. Lord, we ask you to guide us this morning. Bless us. Touch this service, Lord, and bless every heart, Father. There are some that have a need of spiritual need. God, we ask you to bless it and grant unto them what they have need of. There are some that have body needs, Lord, physical. Lord, we pray that you would grant it in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Deuteronomy 29 1-15. These are the words of the covenant which the Lord commanded Moses to make his children of Israel in the land of Moab beside this covenant which he made with them in her. And Moses called unto all Israel and said unto them, Ye have seen all that the Lord did before your eyes in the land of Egypt unto Pharaoh and unto all his servants and unto all his land. The great temptations which thine eyes have seen, the signs and these great miracles. Yet the Lord hath not given you a heart to perceive and eyes to see and ears to hear unto this day. And I have led you 40 years in the wilderness. Your clothes are not waxing all upon you, and thy shoes is not waxing old upon thy foot. Ye have not eaten bread, neither have you drunk wine or strong drink, that ye might know that I am the Lord God. And when ye came unto the place of Sion, the king of Hbon and O and the king of Bashan came out against us unto Bal, and we smoked them. And we took their land and gave it for an inheritance unto the Rubenites and to the tribe of Manasse. Keep therefore the words of this covenant and do them that ye may prosper in all that ye do. You stand this day, all of you, before the Lord your God, your captains of your tribes, your elders, and your officers with all the men of Israel, your little ones, your wives, and the strangers that is in thy camp, from the hu of thy wood unto the drawer of thy water, that thou Enter into the Lord thy God, and into his oath, which the Lord thy God maketh with thee this day, that ye may establish thee today for a people unto th himself, and that ye may be unto God, unto thee a God, as them that has said unto thee, and as he hath sworn unto thy father, to Abraham, to Isaac and Jacob. Do I make this covenant and this but with him that stand this day before the Lord our God and unto him that is not with us this day. Amen. God bless. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank the Lord. Praise the Lord. Brother Eenezer, you mind helping us, brother? [Music] Amen. Amen. And thank the Lord. Heard brother Bob say this morning. He said, "We left Egypt. We're not going back. We're not going back by the grace of the Lord." And that goes right along with what brother Collie just read. Leaving Egypt. Praise the Lord Jesus. And we say goodbye world. We're say no longer with you. Amen. As I was getting the songs ready and thinking about when the Lord got a hold of me, you know, we left that world. We're not going back. Amen. No turning back by the grace of the Lord. Let's sing it with all our [Music] heart. Goodbye world, I'll stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I'll stay no longer with you. I made up my mind to go God's way for the rest of my life. I made up my mind to go God's way for the rest of my life. Goodbye. Oh, goodbye world. I'll stay no longer with you. Goodbye. Pleasures of sin. I'll stay no longer with you. I made up my mind to go God's way for the rest of my life. I made up my mind to go God's way for the rest of my life. Amen. Oh, so goodbye world. Goodbye world. Oh, I'll stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I'll stay no longer with you. I made up my mind to go God's way for the rest of my life. I made up my mind to go God's way. Amen. And we say, "Born, born, born, born, born again. Thank God I'm born again." Oh, born born again. Thank God I'm born again. Born of the one born again. God I'm You thank God you're born again. Born born again. Thank God I'm born again. Oh, born of the spirit in the blood. Thank God I'm born again. Oh, born of the spirit in the blood. Thank God I'm born again. So goodbye world. Oh yes. I'll stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I'll stay no longer with you. I made up my mind. Amen. You made up your mind. Amen. If you haven't, you can do it today. Thank you, Lord. Going God's way. Oh, goodbye world. Oh yes, I'll stay no longer with you. Could my pleasures of sin I'll stay no longer with you. I made up my mind. [Music] My glory. [Music] Amen. You got your mind made up. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back. I've got to see my Jesus one of these days. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back. I've got to see my Jesus one of these days. Oh, so goodbye world. Oh yes, I'll say no. Amen. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I'll stay no longer with you. I made up my mind. Thank you, Lord. I made up my mind to go God's way for the rest of my life. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap. Amen. Made up my mind. I won't turn back. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. I thank the Lord. I thank the Lord for my wife. You know, we, as you guys know, we met in high school and been met in high school. So went through all those teenage years and then we went to college together and um wow that was a you can imagine being 19 to 21 and college age and we were young and out there and and um I thought I knew everything but realized I didn't know nothing but God got a hold of us on that college campus. My goodness. And it was a transformation. I tell you it was a transformation man. in and she was by my side. You know, we were packing that Bible. First they knew me as a wild kind of guy. Thought I knew everything and next thing we were packing that Bible. We would walk in that cafeteria with our Bibles and slam them on the table. It was over. That's the whole thing. It was over. Friends was like, "What? What's going on? What are y'all doing?" We like, "Hey, we getting married. This this is done." I had friends, female friends, like, "Don't don't do it." I said, "It's over. It's finished." I know this is the one that God has ordained for me. It was finished and we've been on that journey ever since. It's been a glorious journey. It's been a journey certainly of battles, but every single one of them we've won. And we thank the Lord and we won it because God paid a debt. We all owed a debt that we could not pay. We couldn't pay it. We couldn't solve all of the history and the drama that happened from the Garden of Eden all the way down. How could we recover from all of that? It's impossible to recover from all of that. We couldn't afford it. But he paid it for us that we could be free and we can win this battle. Amen. Let's sing 398 with all of our heart. He paid a debt he did not owe. Amen. He paid a debt. He did not owe. I owed a debt. I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins [Music] away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt oh that I could never pay. Amen. When did he pay it? He paid a debt at Calvary. He cleansed my soul and set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sins [Music] erase. I now can sing a brand new song. Oh, it's a Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. paid a debt for that I could never pay. One day he's coming back for me to live with him eternally. Won't it be glory to see him on that [Music] day I then will sing a brand new song amazing grace all day long Christ Jesus paid a debt oh that I could never pay. Amen. He paid a debt he did not owe. He paid a debt. He did not owe. I owed a debt. I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. [Music] And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long. Christ Jesus paid the debt. Oh, that I could never pay. He paid it on Calvary. He paid a debt at Calvary. He cleansed my soul and set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sins erase. I now can sing a brand new song. Oh, it's amazing grace. All day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Amen. We could never pay it. Amen. Amen. I didn't get any specials, but I want to give someone an opportunity. If you have a special, feel free to raise your hand. Amen. Amen. See any hands going up? Going once. Oh, we got to Praise the Lord. Come on up, brother Ebenezer. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you. There is a name I love to hear. I love to sing his way. It sound like music in my ear. The sweetest name of it. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jes. Jesus because he first love me. Amen. Amen. Oh, how I love you, my savior. Oh, how I love you, Jesus. Oh, I love Jes Jesus because he first love me. He tells me of Savior's love would to set me free. He p me up. Savior's blood. The sin is perfect blue. Our singer. Oh our love Jesus. [Music] Oh, I love you Jesus. Oh, I love you. Jesus, because he first love me. Amen. Amen. Oh, I love you, my savior. Oh, I love you. Jesus. Oh, I love you. Jesus, because he first love me. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Let's be on our feet. Amen. And let's let our light shine for a moment. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Ask you to hold those little lights up. Let's hold those fingers up. Our little light. Amen. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine, I'm going to let it. Oh, this little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Hide it under a bushel. Hide it under a bushel. No, I'm going to let it shine. Hide it under a bushel. know I'm going to let it shine. Hide it under glory. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Glory. Let it shine till Jesus come. Let it shine. Till Jesus come. I'm going to glory. Oh, let it shine. Till Jesus come. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine till Jesus come. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Amen. You know the devil wants to blow it out. Don't let Satan blow it out. Oh, won't let Satan blow it out. Amen. Let it shine. [Music] I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let that little light shine. This little light of my I'm going to let it Oh, this little mine. I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Don't let Satan blow it out. He's going to try. We do have an enemy and he's certainly going to try to blow it out, but we are not going back and we're going to let it shine by the grace of the Lord. You ready for the word? Amen. Praise the Lord. Word of God ever true. Thank the Lord. You know, sometime it might look like nothing's happening. Amen. But that's when your faith is growing, right? So something is always happening. Nothing's happening. Your faith is growing. Amen. And we thank God for that. Amen. A word of God. Holy words long preserved. Before I walk in this world, they resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life, words of hope. Give us strength. Help us cope. In this world where we roam, the word of God will guide us home. Word of God, ever true. It's changing me. is changing you. Oh, we have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Holy words of our faith is handed down to sage came to us. And now we live by through sacriice. Oh, heed the faithful words of Christ. Holy words long preserved for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Sing it to him. Word of God is ever true. changing me, changing you. Oh, we have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. Sing it to me one more time. Word of God is ever true. Changing me and changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Amen. God bless you. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Thank you all for coming today. We sure appreciate it. That was some good singing. Good Sunday school. Just a good day to be a Christian. Boy, if we weren't Christians, think what we would be. Where would we be? That's what the song says. Where would we be if we didn't have the Lord? Erin, I think you probably need to turn the air on a little bit. We got a lot of bodies in here. So, um, thank y'all all for the ones that came yesterday. We sure had a wonderful time. Thanks to the sisters and the brothers for helping and um, and we had a good time. We had the kids had a good time and and uh, us young kids, old kids had a good time, too. So, it's good to see Sister Charlotte back with us. But as often happens, we have a lot of food left over from yesterday. So, if you would like to stay today and eat hot dogs, as brother Ryan said, hot dogs, chili, sloth, drink, plenty of dessert. You're very welcome to stay. So, how many of you would I think June wanted to kind of get a count? How many was going to stay today to eat? Don't be bashful. Don't be bashful. Don't be bashful. Don't be bashful. Don't be bashful. That's not enough. Don't be bashful. How do you interpret that, Brother Manuel? Don't be bashful. Brother Carlos, you understand that? Yeah, that's what I thought. Don't be bashful. All right. Probably I think there's 101 people in here. About probably 75 or so. So, we still got plenty. Don't worry, we have plenty to eat. Please stay. And the ones you're going to stay over and go shoot this afternoon, the instructor will be there at 4:00 at my house. Um, if you've already um participated, then you can come. But if you have not, then he will be able to help you um with your uh he helped a lot of us uh with the many tips and and things. That's why he's an instructor. That's why he does it. Uh he does it to help people. And it really did help a lot of us. while we were down there. So, Brother Aaron, you'll be speaking for us Wednesday night, Lord willing. And uh we appreciate Brother Aaron. We appreciate it. Good to see. Always good to see. It's always a it's not a little hole that's left. It's a big one when he's on here. So, well, praise the Lord. Anyhow, your sister cackled. Everybody else just laughed. She cackled. So, anyway, remember Bella? She's on about a two week trip. So, Lord be with her. Luis and Christine are leaving on the 15th. They're taking her to the airport today is why they're not here in the air. They're taking her to Charlotte to the airport. So, that's why they're not here today. And just remember, Louise and Christine will be gone from the 15th to the 21st to Honduras uh for a youth camp, I think it is. So, just remember these in prayer. Also, July the 18th through the 20th. I'm gonna keep repeating this because we are um we got a lot of people signed up, but we need uh to know if you've already got a room or we need to get you a room. We've got like 11 or so rooms available. Um just see me or see Sister June and we will try to help you get uh help you get uh get a place to stay. It'll be a wonderful weekend. For those of you that's never been, it's a wonderful time. And for those you've been, you know, it's a wonderful time. Uh bring two churches together and and fellowship and people we hadn't seen since we were kids. And uh we've had the fellowship now. This will be three three years in a row. So we sure do appreciate the Lord for helping us do that. Also, if you look around, we're kind of getting a little full. Um not so much up here. If you'll look at the end of your seat back there, the first three, the last three rows should be for children. If you have a child six or younger, that's where you need to sit because that's where you can go out with your child. If you're older than six, you need to be up here. Okay? Is everybody with me? Amen. Yeah. Say amen. Okay. Okay. So, the deacons, I instruct y'all to make sure that those first three row, you see it, they're on the end of the you see them written on the end of the seats. Now, T's back there because he's a deacon, but now they've got a full row. But if you're not, if you're don't have children that are below 6 years old, you need to find you a place up here to sit. Some have already migrated up here because their children have gotten older. But, we're missing about 12 people right now. So, put them 12 in here and we're in trouble. So come up and set up here though. Sister Sister uh that's Esther Smallwood right there. Sister Smallwood. She didn't she's fine. She You can sit beside her. And then over there, sister uh uh there's nobody sitting with Joyce and Danny. They must be I don't know. Just saying. But I mean, but but row seven through 14's like this, you know. But from now on, all the back rows, the the three back rows in the back on both sides for children six and under, the family can sit there. All right. The rest of you need to find you a place up here somewhere. Now, if somebody comes in late um and your seat's taken, I'm sorry. Come in early. That's a way to get that's a way to get rid of all that. Just come in earlier than the next guy or or person. So also and this has come about from when we went to the Methodist church and and spoke to them a couple of Sundays ago. No no offense to the people. That's all they know. But as brother uh Bob was talking about and I I I agree 100% when brother Ram said they're nothing but a lodge. That's all they are. It's just a gathering of people. It's just on Sunday. They have nothing else to do unless they do have something else to do. But I mean, they were eating donuts and drinking in the sanctuary. Now, I know we've got kids and like I said, the six and six and below, but if you're over 6 years old, you don't need to be drinking in this sanctuary. There is zero reason unless you if you're sick, go out the door. We're not going to start that where people walk in here with their coffee cups and and water jugs and all that stuff. That ain't going to happen. Not in this church. Okay, everybody with me? Now, this is a house of God. It's not a lodge. If they want to make it a lodge, they can make it a lodge. But this is a place to where the Holy Spirit is so timid. Brother Brown said, "A kid running through the through the hallway here would hinder the next service." Now, you say, "Well, I believe, Brother Brown, I'm all but that." Well, sorry. You're in bad trouble. I just believe he was a prophet, and I believe he came here to set things in order. And when we're set in order, when everything was set in order, even in the Old Testament, God came. When everything was in order, God came. So when we get everything in order, God's going to come and visit us. I just believe that. Also, Communion Footwashing will be after the service. Uh and let's pray for brother, good to have brother Manuel them um uh residing with us now. He's going to be speaking for us May the 7th. Okay. I don't know who's going to if he want interpret himself. I don't know what's going to happen, but but uh I asked him and he said he would. So the the Wednesday, May the I think it's May the 7th, he'll be speaking for us. So uh it's good to have these ones here that are new. We sure appreciate you. Thank you. We appreciate you uh you know pitching in and helping. And uh remember, we're not an organization. We're an organism. And an organism works together. and all the pieces and parts work together. We often hear the quote, "Life is short. Better enjoy it." I'm here to tell you, eternity is long. You better prepare for it. Amen. You better prepare for it. You've heard that. Oh, life is short. You know what? If you prepare yourself for the next life, it's an eternity. If not, you're just going to fade away and end. What a horrible, horrible way to be somewhere without God. I was without God one time and so were you. You were really lonely. Oh yeah, the devil was right there with you. But he'll do nothing but kill, maim, destroy. He's not eternal. Nothing he has is eternal. Nothing this world that you see right now is eternal except that God is inside of each and every one of us. That's it. That's all there is. All right. So, let's just keep that in prayer. Dear heavenly father, thank you for the day that you give us. Forgive us of our sins and our many faults. Lord, may we settle down today, Lord, and and speak to the people as you spoke to me, Lord, yesterday about what to say, Lord. I appre I appreciate you, Lord, showing the things that we need to see, Father, because we're needy people. We need you more than anything, Father. We don't need the world. We don't need anything else except you, Father. And Lord, I pray that you'd bless each one here today. Bless the ones that are sick, that are not here. Lord, bless the ones that are traveling, are going to be traveling. Lord, I pray that you'd be with them. Father, just bless us now. Continue the service in Jesus name. Amen. Today, we're going to speak continue on adoption, but we're going to back up just for a second. Let's read Hebrews 5. And you be seated. Though he were a son, now who's that? He Jesus Christ. Though he were a son, yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered. And being made perfect. Now remember, Jesus Christ was perfect in spirit and soul cuz he was God. But his body was made. It had a beginning. It had an end and then it was changed. Because it was ch. But why was it changed? It was changed, brother John, by what was inside of him. Okay? So now God is doing the same thing. He's come down to human flesh in our human flesh to change our body. Yes, sir. So, though he were a son, yet he learned obedience by the things he suffered. You can be seated. The Lord had his blessing through reading his word. Second Timothy, we read this last week. Remember that Jesus Christ of the seed of David was raised from the dead according to my gospel. Wherein I suffer trouble. If you're a Christian today, do not say, "I'll never have any trouble." You will have trouble from the time you get that out of your mouth. Everybody with me? Wherein I suffer, it's kind of getting a little easy back there in the back. Wherein I suffer trouble as an evildoer. Now watch. Even unto bonds, most of Paul's writings, what we read as scripture is what? He wrote it from in prison. He was in a prison house, dark, dingy. Told him to bring him a code. He was cold. told him to bring him paper so he could write. He was not sitting in his house like we are with our books and tapes around us and with our uh you know with our LED lights and our heat and air. He wrote the Bible in bonds. Amen. In chains. He wrote the Bible. But the word of God is not bound. Therefore, I endure all things for the elect's sake. He gave his life so that we could have this that they may also obtain the salvation which is in Christ Jesus with eternal glory. Not just temporary eternal glory. It is a faithful saying. For if we be dead with him, we shall also live with him. Amen. If we suffer, we shall also reign with him. If we deny him, he also will deny us. If we believe not, yet he abideth faithful. He cannot deny himself. He can't deny what he said. He can't stop one day and say, "I didn't I don't want to do this anymore. I'm going in this direction." Like most of us, we try a lot of things in this direction right here. And when it does not come to pass, what do we do? We turn and try something else. God's not trying something else. He's already seen, as we're going to see maybe when we get if we get to it, that before the foundation of the world, he knew what you would do. He knew what every person would do on the face of this earth. That's my God. He's unlimited. He is not limited to any one thing. The only thing he's limited to is his word. He can't go outside of his word. Listen, this is a very familiar quote, but I'm going to read again. Now, Brother Brown's preaching in the church, well, this is in the church age book. And if children and hes of God and joint hes with Christ, if so be that we suffer with him, that may we also may be what? glorified together. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be what? Not revealed in him revealed in us. Amen. Unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him. You have to suffer to reign. The reason for this is that character simply is never made without suffering. Character is a victory, not a gift. A man without character can't reign because power apart from character is satanic. And remember, we're going to start into the adoption series here uh today. And and we're going to see where that adoption come. Where adoption is, there's authority. All right? There's authority. You can't give your child a set of car keys and they drive you home. It would be a disaster. Even some that maybe have a car could be a disaster. But not with God. He wants to mold our character into his image. Not somebody else's, but into his image. Cuz we come from him as his children. All right. A man without character can't reign because power apart from character is satanic. But power with character is fit to rule. We see many times you look at people like Adolf Hitler and different ones that they were anointed. Amen. Right? But they used their own power without the character of God and it became satanic. And you see what happened? They tried to destroy the whole world. Yes. And since he wants us to share even his throne on the same basis that he overcome. Now listen, Jesus had to overcome. Remember, brother Ram tells us and I agree 100%. Jesus didn't fight it out on the cross. He fought it out in Gethsemane. That's right. Amen. That's where the fight was. Why? It was between him and him. It was It was between you and you when you fight it out. It's between you and you. Of course, we get help and we get things that we, you know, people can talk to us and and and try to help us along, but it comes down to you. You live with you more than anybody else does. So, yes, you if you're if you have a problem, start with you. That's where I start. I start with me. Right? He has overcome and sat down his father's throne. Then we have to overcome to sit with him. And the little temporary sufferings we go through now is not worthy to be compared to the tremendous glory that be revealed in us. Now watch I the whole week back a couple weeks ago you sometimes you wonder God why did you send us a prophet? Why did you send it to me? Why did you send it to me? Why did you send us a prophet? Why'd you send us a spokesperson? Cuz the book of Amos says he's not going to tell you anything unless he tells you through a prophet. Okay, that all right. That's Bible. All right. So, there's got to be a prophet to tell us or what? Are we either going to be Baptist or we're going to be Methodist? We're going to sprinkle. We're going to baptize. We're going to believe in two gods, three gods. We're going to believe in this. We're going to believe in that. It's scattered all over the world. But there's got to be when Jesus was on earth, he was right. Yes. Amen. Amen. He did everything right. He was perfect. He preached perfect. Never had to back up on his notes. Never had to back up on his word either. Amen. And if that same man that's walking the walked the shores of Galilee is inside of each and every one of us today, can't we say the same thing? If we'll give oursel to him and not have our own will involved, when we have our own will involved, we might question and see him as three. We might question and see whether God sent a prophet. That's for you to figure out. Right. It is. And it's not for you to figure out. It's there. Right. That's right, brother D. You when you don't believe something, remember right then at that moment, you become an unbeliever. If it's of God, you become an unbeliever right then. When you say, "I don't believe that." Well, that means you're an unbeliever. But remember, we believe to see. Yes. We don't see. I mean, we don't see and then say, "Oh, I believe that." No, we we believe something that you prove to me Jesus was even on the earth. Prove to me. Show me a picture. Give me a video. Prove it. Prove he died. Prove he resurrected. I can prove all those things. Amen. But it's by faith that I prove them. The faith of Abraham, the faith that we're supposed to have will lead us and guide us into all truth. If you've got the truth inside of you, if you're looking for error, you'll find it. Amen. But if you look for the truth, it'll be right there, too. So, it won't be worthy to compare with the tremendous glory that will be revealed in us. As I said before, God sent us a prophet. And we'll get into when we get into the seals, we're going to see that everything that God did, listen to me one for one minute, everything God did through that prophet was to prove that he's going to do it through a bride. Amen. Amen. Not Eleazar, not Moses. Come on. He's going to do it by the Holy Ghost himself through a prophet where we see the voice was the final voice to the final age because there's no other. What other voice is there? When the seal's open, folks, that's it, right? Amen. Amen. So, brother Brandham's whole coming of earth, if you want to say his coming here was to show us what's already been said in the Bible. But it points it says, "Okay, this is for this group of people." Yes, sir. Right. Cuz remember, he called them all those different things. And then one day, right, at the seals, he said, "Now I call you bride." Why? He knew where that was coming from. So it remember though, he saw a furthest virgin, foolish virgin. He saw a cup of water in my name. He saw these people that were good people. Oh yeah. Right. Unbelievers, make believers, true believers. He saw that. God showed that to him. So if you're an unbeliever, you can't be a believer. That's right. Okay. If you're a foolish virgin, you can't be bride. So, Brother Ram came to separate that. What? D rightly divide the word of truth. Yes. Right. Cuz everybody thinks they're bride. Oh, yeah. Well, Catholics even, you know, all of them, we're we're the bride of Jesus Christ. But do they act like it? Right. Right. You got to have the character of a bride that he set forth in the Bible. Right. Swank talks about vows and marriage and all these different things because it's a total perfect type of Jesus Christ. And then you come up to Paul and he breaks it all down and he says sisters do this, men do, brothers do this. This is what you need to do. Listen, brother Brandham didn't come to make us women wear dresses. That's been in the Bible the whole time. Amen. Amen. For us to have short hair. That's in the Bible the whole time. That's right. It what had been done though, it had been covered up by man's ideas. Amen. It had come from denominational ideas. I was listening to brother Donnie Reagan this morning. He made a real good point. He said, you know, Adam didn't have a belly button. Right? Adam didn't have a belly button. Right. Everybody with me? Are you with me? But now Jesus did because he had to be connected to the to this earth. He had to be our brother. Everybody with me? Are you with me? So what's happening now is that as the bride of Jesus Christ, you don't have a belly button spiritually. You don't have you're not connected to anything. You're a spoken seed word of God. Amen. Amen. If you're still connected to your mother, some of y'all, if you're still connected to your mother, then you're getting a nourishment from your mother. We have a heavenly father. Yes, sir. That spiritual connection. That's why brother Brown stood one day. He said, "I know now I'm not the son of Charles and Ella Brandham." What? He had figured out that where he came from didn't have a belly button. He wasn't connected to that denominational system that the people connect to cuz that's where they get their nourishment. But you and I being the bride of Jesus Christ, we have no connection to that. Amen. Amen. None. Zero. Amen. Right. We don't live by that. We don't get nourishment from mother church. Now, the Bible tells us the word is the mother of us all. New Jerusalem, which is the word of God coming down heaven. Now, that's where we get our nourishment. Yes, sir. Right. But it's not by sexual birth. It's by spiritual birth. Amen. That we're connected to him by soul, not by body. Hallelujah. All right. We'll get into that a little bit more. I've been thinking about a few things, but now we're going to run through this real quick because we're still on the three poles. What is the three poles? It's a force drawing someone or something in a particular direction or course of action. Sorry, brother. I slow down a little bit. So, the first thing I could pull was the prayer line, temporary healing. Millions gathered around Brother Brandham. Listen, millions gathered around Jesus. He fed 5,000. He healed their sick. He raised their dead. But when he stood one day and said, "Today, I know who my father is and I know who yours is." Amen. There's where the separation come. So then millions left him. How many people were there when he died? Oh yeah, there were a few people around, but when he died, they all left. He hung by himself. Even the great Peter and the different ones that said, "Lord, I'll never deny you." Oh my. He denied him three times before he before he died. Absolutely. So the third pull ministers ministries of the word sealed since Jesus Christ. So that's what it is. Jesus stood on the earth. He was all the seals. He was the whole headstone of the church. He was the one that where we get our nourishment from. Right? Every bit of it come from him because he's the head. But remember that head was rejected. The head word was rejected. All right. They took pieces. They took parts. But the head word, that son of man ministry that was, like I said, it was perfect, right? It had no flaws. It didn't say you can have polygamy. It didn't say you could go over here and the, you know, the third pull is this and the seventh seal is this and this is this and this and this. No, he didn't. No. Man said that. Right. So the third pull of his ministry of brother Random, what did he bring? He brought the same thing. He finally started separating right from the denominations, preaching really hard against them because he saw what the Pentecostal spirit was and where it was coming from. Yeah. Amen. So millions left Brother Adam. He preached to just a few group of people in a church in a in a trailer one time. Same way with me and you. That's what's going to happen to us. There is going to be a separating time. Right? Cuz if we're to be to rain, we're supposed to suffer then or you're not suffering right now. I promise you. Okay. And I don't want to be a bear of bad news, but if it will get me out of here, right? Can you say that? Can you say, "God, whatever it takes to put me in that eternal body that you promised me, I know I'm bride. I know I've come to the final voice of the final age. I know there's no other message but this." Come on. Amen. Amen. Or are we so tied to the world where we said, "No, no, no. We got to wait. Mama don't go, won't hinder me. Daddy don't go, won't hinder me." Sure, we won't take them all in. But you know what? There's an individual affair with God. Absolutely. This whole thing, even this adoption that we're coming to talk about, we see that Jesus went upon Mount Transfiguration. He had three people with him, right? Peter, James, and John. They got all excited and different things, you know, and they said, "But when everything was over with, it was Jesus standing there." That's right. Remember when they opened their eyes, they saw Jesus only. When I was one time there was Elijah and there was Moses, different ones there, you know, but they was talking about his other coming to Israel, not our coming. Everybody with me? That's why he said the son of man will be risen again from the dead. That's how plain that is. We know that he was. If you can't read the Bible and know that the confusion that this world is in because of their thoughts and ideas, I watched a congressional hearing the other day where a girl, I think she might have been a guy, but a girl, but she's trying to prove that sex is two, male, female, right? But there's many genders involved in all that. Congress and them senators when some of them are not agreeing with it but some of them are like well you know you can you can be do you see how try that 30 years ago try that 40 years ago right that's why it's all so eroded and so and it's in Congress right y'all know that our former administration he is health and human services person. No, it ain't he. It's a she now. Well, I said before he was an ugly man. He's a real ugly woman. But that ran Listen, you we can laugh, but Planned Parenthood and all those things that was connected into that mindset of that woman that used to be a man, that's how it run this whole country. That's why it's garbage. It's all garbage. Every bit of garbage. If you put your I know some of you have 401ks and stock market. That's fine. You should do that. But it took a beating a couple weeks ago, didn't it not? That's what I thought. So, don't ever depend on that to be your way out. Everybody with me? Cuz within one week, one strike of a pin, your your retirement vaporizes. Right. Right. So, who do we So, who who who do we depend on then to not vaporize when he gets That's what he's always wanted. He wants our dependency on him. Not our dependency on us. How I can figure this out, figure it out. God's already got it figured out. The only thing we got to do is plug into it and start receiving the word of God the way it was supposed to be. Listen, you and I are sitting under a ministry the way the word was supposed to be preached. Amen. The way it's supposed to been preached when Jesus was here, listen, he's sitting here today. And all of you saying, "Amen." Why? Cuz it's the word of God. It's what he spoke. It's not what the devil spoke. It's what he spoke. That's why I believe God had to send us a prophet to clear out all the junk. That's right. As I said before, it's Zerubable. He cleared that foundation off and started building again. Cuz it was built wrong. Amen. You can't build God's word on a denomination. No, sir. That's right. So, we got to come though when we look at the at the first poll, second pull, third pull, we've got to come to a place to where we are going to have to be placed or adopted. So we'll get into that here in just a minute. So now we know, brother Brown says the end of the second pull. Third pull's at hand. So we are now under the third pull anointing. If it's if that's not if that's not common to you, then I'm sorry, but just pray that God will help you. Amen. Right. I want I want to read this cuz this is something that I found looking for the other things. Now watch what brother Brown said because we're you and I now are not under a Moses commission. Everybody with me? We're not under a Moses commission. We had a Moses. Moses thy servant is dead. We now are under a Joshua commission. Cuz if you're born again today, you're out of that Moses commission and you're cuz remember Moses was the law, right? Dos and don'ts. Joshua represented grace. But then after you come across that muddy Jordan River, you're not just going to stand there on the banks for the rest of your life. Israel didn't stand there on the banks for the rest of their life. No. Joshua, through the inspiration of the Holy Spirit says, "Okay, Ephraim, you go here. Manasse, you go here. You got this. Every name had a symbol. Amen. Every name had a place. Amen. So listen. So we are now under a Joshua commission because the Joshua commission is placing right and to Joshua the new commander of the army after Moses had passed on seeing that God stayed with him in his mistakes. Everybody with me. This was a this was I never heard brother Ram say this before. Seeing that God stayed with him, who? Moses. Y'all remember Moses killed a guy, killed a person, right? Okay. Okay. Seeing that God stayed with him in his mistakes, he held his commission up. No matter what Moses done, it was Moses's office that God respected. That's right. All these people, they want to talk about brother around this and he was wrong. I don't care. His commission was to bring a bride to maturity. Yes, sir. That was it. Not that he was squeaky clean. None of us are. No. But watch what God I want to I want to be what God respects, not what man respects. Absolutely. He was a prophet. He was above all the prophets. He was really more than any prophet they had. Remember when his own sister laughed at him for marrying an Ethiopian girl? He called them together and said, "Don't you fear God? There be one among you that's spiritual or prophet. I will speak to him in visions and make myself known to him in dreams." But it's not so with Moses. I speak lip to ear with him. Amen. Don't you fear God? See, that's not a good thing to upon God's people. Right. Right. You hurt him when you do so. Amen. God had commissioned Moses. His failures meant nothing. Amen. Amen. I knew that. I don't look at people's faults and failures. Why you look at that? If you want to find something wrong, you'll find something. Amen. That's right. His failures meant nothing. God knowed his heart. And he one time Moses complained about having too much to do. So God, what did he do? He took his spirit and divided it among 70. They had no more spirit than they had at the beginning. Only thing they had, they just had more machinery. Same amount of spirit. I like the way you put that. God could put his entire spirit upon a man if he wants to. Or he can scatter it amongst thousands if he wants to. prophets, apostles, pastors, teachers, evangelists. Amen. That's me. That's my quote. One day he put his whole spirit upon a man called Jesus. Now he scattered it through his churches everywhere. God keeps his commission. You look at all the flaws. What was wrong with there was a commission that that Samson had to kill the Philistines. That's right. But he let a woman take him down. But remember, at the end, he killed more than he ever did the whole life. So he didn't fail. Look at David, this great warrior, this mighty man that God is going to be the son of David to sit on the throne and rule and reign over for a thousand years, rule the country of Israel or the 12 tribes. He murdered his best friend. Best friend and took his wife. Yes. Wow. A murderer, a liar, an adulterer. Do we look at that? We see that. But we see that the nourishment that we get from what David wrote is more than anything. I mean, the book of Psalms, you read Psalms and if it don't calm you down, that's why you read the book of Psalms. Find you something and just read it. I know David sometimes in there he has torment because what he's torn between two but there's times in there which says oh as the deer panth by the waterbrook so my soul longs after you now brother is set an order here and then we'll start with adoption here in just a second notice the very day when this messenger not when he starts on but when he begins to declare his message so brother Bram's message is in three parts hearts. The first pull was healing. There's no doubt. There's no doubt that there was millions healed under his ministry. Everybody with me? No doubt. We've heard some of them out of their own lips to my ear. So that's enough for me. All right. So the second pull was prophesying. What he started telling them the thoughts and intents of their heart. The third pull was the opening of the word, the mysteries revealed. Now, as as Jesus learned by the things he suffered, right? That's what the Bible says. Amen. He he learned through his walk that he that he had to be under subjection. He found out at 13 to be under subjection to his parents. Amen. Hello 13 year olds. If Jesus can do it, so can you. You too want to be subject to your parents, right? He walked through life and I would say he probably made a few mistakes. I'm talking about human mistakes, you know, didn't go down the right road. I mean, he sure he was led by the he was led by the Lord, but they was it says right here that being made perfect, being made perfect, he was the author of our salvation. So that's why if you want to find something about somebody's life, you're going to find it because we're all human beings. That's right. But the essence of this message is it's not on paper. It's not on paper. It's what you have inside of you. It's in your heart. Amen. Amen. The word of faith we preach. The letter will kill you. You can find Give me a quote. I'll get you one that sounds contrary. Right. How many of you have eaten Jesus's flesh and drink his blood yet? Oh, I'm sorry. Jesus told us that. personally. It wasn't through a five-fold ministry. He told us, "Have any ever done that yet?" We're going to do it in a few minutes by revelation. We're going to do that in a few minutes. Without revelation, you go carnal every single time. You will think carnal because there is no the carnal mind is an enmity with God. Immity is division. Your carnal mind cannot mesh with the word of God. That's why Paul told us we need to have that mind of Christ and not the old man Amen. He said the life I now live I live by defaith of the son of God. Amen. So the mysteries were revealed. So we're now we're at the mysteries being revealed. We see that a prophet came through the whole thing. He came through justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost. He came through the three pools. He come to a place to where God adopted him. But now let's look at this real quick cuz this is what we were talking about the other day cuz remember in the third pull there's three things happen. Now watch. And then when that time comes and the press comes to a place to where you're pressed out, then watch what I'm fixing to tell you in a few minutes. Watch the third pull. Then it'll be absolutely to the totally lost. Yeah. To the bride. Yeah. And the church. Totally lost. The door is shut. Who shut the door of the ark? God shut the door. Amen. Amen. Listen, because he knows even when even when we know the door's getting ready to shut or it's already shut, we're still crying for our people that we're not in. We're just That's just our connection with them. Everybody with me. But there is going to come a time, folks. I'm telling you, there will be no more salvation on this earth except for the Jews. None. You're out. You're done. You're drowned. You're dead. Yeah, you'll have to come up to white throne judgment and and be judged by your works. Oh, listen. Let me stand behind Jesus and let him He's already went to judgment for me. Amen. He took on our judgment. We don't have to go to the white throne. That ought to make you happy. That ought to make you shout, "God, thank you for that revelation." Cuz I'll guarantee you, you go out there, you going to denomination. Oh yeah. We got to all stand before the white throne cuz I ain't perfect and you ain't perfect. And we going to have to go through tribulation. Believe me, nobody except the people I know in this message, they believe you got to go through all that. You've already passed from death into life. You've already passed. You're you're living your judgment right now. Yes, sir. Amen. You're judging in your mind what I'm saying and it's either going to help you or you're going to kick it out and you're but you know what you're going to do? You're going to hear it at your day of judgment. Amen. Any minister that stands up here and ministers the word of God and you turn it down, you are not turning that person down. Amen. You're turning God almighty down. Right. You love the Lord. Amen. Amen. Boy, I thank him for the things he give me. And I couldn't have got it with How where you going to go get it at? Brother Bob, where you going to get it at? If you had a billion dollars, where you going to go buy it at? Huh? Where? Tell me where you can buy it. It's free. Hallelujah. It's free. Just accept it. Glory. Amen. Amen. Amen. All right, let's start here just for a few minutes. We got about two hours left. So adoption. So now what is adoption? Now we know the adoption is in like now in the time of adoption is that if there's a child doesn't have parents or child is in foster care, you can adopt them into your family. Everybody with me? All right. But that's not the kind of adoption that God's talking about. Because this adoption, we'll look at in a few minutes, this adoption was way back. And when you adopt somebody according to the Bible, you adopt somebody that's already in your family. Amen. That came from the loins of your parents or from the loins of God, one of the two. Everybody with me? Amen. So the word adoption means to set, put, or place. Remember Joshua goes across. He says, "You go over here, Ephereim. You got one of them. You got oil on your heel. You over here." There's all kind of Listen, that wasn't just God just speaking and it ain't going to happen. Remember, when God speaks, everything happened. Amen. To set, fix or establish. See, it would hurt. It would help us if we got established in this present day truth. As Paul said, if you'll establish yourself in this present day truth and forget all the garbage out in the world, then it will be a so much peace. Amen. Even though the storm's raging, there'll be so much peace. As I was telling them in at the Methodist church, I said, "Son's always shining." We took off one time from Miami and it was storming. The plane was almost flipped. It wasn't that time. It was another time when Aaron was with me out of Atlanta. Yeah, exactly. We were uh we were bouncing around. If you can bounce him up off of a seat, it's pretty rough. And Brad Pilow was on this side and we got he got to singing, I got to praying and Brad got to praying. It was pretty rough. But what happens though when you fly, it's pouring down rain, lightning, and thunder everywhere. And you're like, man, this is a bad dreary day. You get about 10,000 feet, Brother John. You get on the other side of those clouds. Come on, somebody. You get on the other side of them clouds and it's just like a table. You got all that garbage going on down here, but you're in that airplane and you break out. Guess what? You'll meet the sun. That's right. The sun is shining always in your journey. It doesn't matter how bad it is. The sun's shining. You just got to what? Get up there. Amen. Get up there. Amen. It's why we need to come higher. Amen. In this agape love to set forth to establish or ordain listen to know who you are amen. Why am I here? I can't tell you. God can cause he put you here for a purpose. Right. Matthew 17 verse5 said while he yet spake behold a bright cloud overshadowed them. And behold, a voice out of the cloud which said, "This is my beloved son in whom I am well pleased. Hear ye him." Amen. Amen. So in other words, he pointed the the direction of the whole world to that man called Jesus. Now did they accept it? No. Did he understand it? No. But do we? We do. We know what happened. Yes. But remember, he went on to Calvary. He died. Right? So now let's look at this our life just for a few minutes. Galatians 3:22. Now watch what scripture is he talking about. Now Paul is writing the New Testament. So he's referring to what? The Old Testament. Everybody with me? There's no New Testament. Paul's writing it, but he's writing it from what happened in the Old Testament. Types and shadows. That's right. Amen. Right. You know, it was wonderful when brother Daniel was speaking here. People say, "Well, that was for the that was for the old that was in the Old Testament." What's the first thing? What did Jesus do when he met Cleopus and that man going down the road? He took them back to Moses and explained to them who he was through the Old Testament. The Old Testament. Listen, the Old Testament was law, but you know what? Through our filter, it's got grace. Amen. Amen. Galatians 3:22, but the scripture hath concluded all under sin. All right. So, let's go home. We're done. We We're finished. That the promise by faith of Jesus Christ might be given to them that sometimes believe. Hallelujah. Right. No, believe. But when I watch, but before faith came, we were kept under the law. Right? Because remember, the law is what condemns you. The law is what kills you. The law is what puts you in jail. Right? Right. Everybody with me? Amen. Amen. Now, what happened? What? Look, shut up unto the faith which should be afterwards be revealed. Okay? Because remember, you can't change God God's mind by forn knowledge. You always was eternal. Everybody with me? Amen. You were a seed of God before the foundation of the world. Amen. You just came here to what? Develop the picture and go through suffering and go through trials so that he we can point to the devil and say, "Boo." Amen. But before faith came, we were kept under the law. Me and somebody else was talking. I think it was yesterday. Any Christian that becomes a Christian, brand new Christian, it's just all law. Yeah. Cuz you don't know what grace is yet. But when you come into the faith and you start sitting here and it's like that, brother Carlos said, he'd sit there and he'd watch you people come in 30 minutes late for church. He said, "Now, Brother Brandham said you need to be here 30 minutes before." He said, "Till I started having children." Yeah. So anyway, shut up unto the faith which should be afterwards, which should afterwards be revealed. So we're all under the law because we were born that way. But praise God, there's a way out. Wherefore the law was our school master. Right. The very law is what taught Paul what to say and do. in the new to to write the New Testament. Yes, sir. Right. That's right. And let me be clear on this. Let me be clear to you. Brother Brandham got a lot from God. But there's a lot he got from previous preachers, right? No eggs. No eggs. They're expensive. Don't throw them. Tomatoes, but not eggs. He did. He quoted different preachers, right? We know he had his own message. We know God revealed it, but there is bits and pieces that we can all use. We're for the law was our school master. So guess what? You got to go to school. School is a requirement. Amen. Be with me. To bring us unto Christ, you got to have a good teacher. Not just a good teacher, right? You got to have a good teacher. That inside teacher is the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. Cuz remember now listen, Moses brought the law. All right. Joshua brought grace, right? I'll read it to you in a minute. Joshua brought grace and a placing. But remember, Joshua got what he had listening to Moses. Come on. He was there the whole time. Remember, if you'll read your scripture, Joshua was up on the mountain with him when he went and got the Ten Commandments. He didn't go all the way up, but he went part of the way. Right. He was sometimes he would be in the temple with Moses, not the Holy of Holies, but he'd be in the temple with him. Right. So, he was learning by faith. He was learning. He put his faith in that law. Right. Right. That knowing though that grace was going to take over when the law passed. So listen, watch. That we might be justified, not by the law, but justified by faith. Now watch. But after that faith is come, we are no longer under that school master. Amen. That's right. You don't have to be reborn again. Praise God. You get refillings. You get anointings. You get all but you don't have to go through and and be born again. Once you're born again, that's it. Amen. See, if the if the if the Baptist would take that eternal security that way, I'll believe with them, right? But not just that you shake somebody's hand and you don't come to church for the next 30 years and then they going to bury you and send you to heaven. That is not eternal security. Eternal security is you got eternal life inside of you right right now. Not at the white throne. Right? But after that faith is come, we are no longer under a school master. For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus. So remember this adoption does not pertain to anyone outside of your family. That's right. Right? Because you're realizing what family you're in. Even though you may be a child of God, child training, you may just now be born again, but you're still a child of God, right? By faith in Jesus Christ. For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ, have put on Christ. There's neither Jew nor Greek, bond or free, male or female, but we're all one in Christ Jesus. Amen. Now look, and if ye be Christ, then are you Abraham's seed and hes according to that promise. Now what was the promise to Abraham? His seed would possess the gates of the enemy. And also Abraham, wherever the soul of your feet hit the earth, that's yours. That's right. Anywhere. Abraham didn't just Yeah, we sure. Abraham wandered around. If you look at the map, he kind of walked off. You know why? He was possessing because remember footsteps mean possession. That's why that's why Jesus told us, brother Collie, that's why Jesus said, "Go into all the world, preach the gospel, and when you get finished with that, the end will come because we got to have bride." I just believe this. There got to be bride possess Japan, China, Ukraine, Russia, all these different places. Why? Cuz you're a son and daughter of God. And the world's got the world's got to hear this gospel at least maybe one time. Everybody with me? All right, real quick and then we'll close. We won't get anywhere today, but we'll get somewhere next time. Galatians 4:1. Now, this is a continuation. Remember, this is Paul continuing his letter. Now, I say that the heir, as long as he's a child, differereth nothing from a servant. Amen. though he be Lord of all. Jesus didn't come up there at 13 years old and we knew that God we know the spirit of God was on him and in him and he he I'm sure he talked to God and he was probably a little bit weird to people but when his mom and daddy found him and she absolutely messed up. Remember what brother Brown said? Said, "Your mother and I," he still looked at him. And the Bible said that from that day forward, he was subject to his parents. The human part of Jesus was subject to his parents. That's why you kids can't say, "Well, bless God. I'm doing what God said, and I'm not going to do what my parents said." I hope they combine and come together. But there might be a time when you need to get a I was fix to say the word a rear end whipping. And you better cry for Jesus before it happens. When I got whipped anyway, if some of the whipping I got and you y some of y'all too got when you was in school or at home, they'd put the people in jail. The jail would be full of people, child abusers, grief. This whole thing fell apart when they took prayer and punishment out of school. Because though we be an air, that's why you and I are not going to sit here and leave on a flowery bed of ease. Brother Ram told us that we got to suffer to reign. What's the suffering part? You got to study. You got to do the right thing. If you don't do the right thing, you'll get the little smack. Amen. Now, though he be Lord of all, but is under tutors and governors. Now, he's moved from a school master. All right. He's got into college now where the tutors and governors, same same teacher, just moved up a little bit higher in Revelation. Because remember, God is not going to adopt a baby, right? No, you receive the spirit of adoption. We'll read that next week. You'll receive the spirit of adoption. You don't receive the adoption. You're in line for adoption when you are into the family of God by the new birth. Everybody with me? Naturally, if Michael and Benjamin, if something happens to mama, I'll promise you as love much as I love Sister Mila and she loves me, I'm probably not in her will. Why? I'm not a family member. But he get because he's in the family, he gets what this one gives. Same way with God. That's why by the new birth, we get everything God tells us in the word of God. Every promise in the book is mine. Amen. The will has been read every Sunday and you one, you know, when you get one of them aha moments when you say, "Oh man, I see that." That's God telling you what you've got. Amen. He's telling you the will today. And what was his will? His will was to adopt us, change us, and take us home. Amen. But he's under tutors and governors. Look, until the time appointed of the father, not of the mother. Come on. Sorry. Right. Of the father. Yes. Because the father's the head. Christ is the head of the church. Even so, we when we were children were in bondage under the elements of the world. Right. But when the fullness of the time was come, God sent forth his son made of a woman, made under the law. Remember Jesus came under the law. You know that, right? Right. To redeem them that were under the law that we might receive the adoption or the placing of sons, not make you a son. When you're born again, you are a son of God. You are a daughter of God. You are eternal in your soul. Amen. But God doesn't want you to stay 12 years old. Absolutely. He wants you to grow up. Because listen with, can I say this? Without us coming to maturity, God can't do anything. I'm talking about body change. I'm talking about healing. Who stops your healing? Who stops your adoption? Worst enemy I got right here. Right. Susan, you didn't have to say that. Oh, okay. I thought you talking about me. But made of a woman. Look, he came same way we did. Yes, sir. He came under the law. You know why we know that? Cuz I read it the other Sunday. He went to the temple and was circumcised on the seventh day. That's right. Or the eighth day. To redeem them that were under the law that we might receive the adoption of sons. Yes. Romans tells us, as I said before, we receive the spirit of God which has the adoption in it. Yes. Amen. You can choose whether to keep growing or you can choose to not. Absolutely. But you'll be malnourished. Your life will show it. Come on, somebody. If you're fighting, what are you fighting with? Think about that. So, let's look at this real quick. And then we'll this will be the last thing we'll look at. That thing I thought about dad all day yesterday. He bless his heart he never could pronounce that bar mitzvah. So now watch what it is. The religious intention in in initiation ceremony of a Jewish boy who has reached the age of 13. Now what? and is regarded as ready to observe religious precepts and eligible to take part in public worship. Right? So the bar mitzvah is but now if you're if you're a wild child ain't going to happen. The word bar means son. Remember the Bible says bar Jonas son of Jonas bar means son in in in the Jewish language. Mitzvah means of commandment or promise. So a son, you and I are sons, but to go to the bar mitzvah are to get your adoption papers that your name's as good on a check as father's is. You have to go to the bar mitzvah, right? You have to wear certain kind of clothes. You got to dress right, act right, right? Everybody with me? Amen. So let's go. Let's look at it one more time. So we take you say a religious ceremony initiating ceremony. Ain't that what Jesus when Jesus was on Mount Trans transfiguration, he had an adoption ceremony. This is my beloved son and whom I'm well to please. Jesus they God said that when Jesus was on the river Jordan typing your new birth. Everybody with me? He didn't need a new birth. But type in your new birth. God is pleased to dwell. And sometimes that's hard for us to believe. But if you got the new birth today, God is pleased to dwell in your vessel. That's right. But he didn't want to stay there. But he didn't just come out of the water, start his journey in his ministry, and two days later, the mount transfiguration part came. No. It took almost 30 years. Yes. Right. That's right. But he came to a point where God said, "I'm going to show the world. I'm going to show all the people that follow me, Peter, James, and John. I'm going to show the ones that are with me that if you're going to get anything, you're going to get it from this man right here. You're going to get it from Jesus." Amen. But remember, six months later, he was hanging on a cross after this happened at Mount Transfiguration. Matthew 17. So, it's not going to be a real power of bees because remember like I just read you character is a what? Victory. Right. Right. It's a victory over something. Yes. When you take a 13-year-old child, and this is the type of our of our adoption, you take a 13-year-old child, that child is watched by tutors and governors, watched by the father, watched by the family, and then he comes to a place to where the father says, "He's ready." Amen. He's ready. Listen, he's proved himself. Yes, sir. Right now, remember, he didn't come up to him and hand him his birth certificate and say, "You're my son now." No, we're past that. Remember, your adoption is not your birth. Amen. That's right. You can be born again and not be adopted, but you can't be adopted and not be born again. So, born again's got to come first. You got to make sure you have got yourself in the right family. Amen. When you get in that right family, then if you start acting right, God's going to perform a ceremony on you just like he did, brother Brandham with a sword in his hand and all these things that happened that I really don't care what people think about it. It happened. So, I really don't that don't that don't Jeez, if a rocket did that, I want to see the rocket that did it. You know, that was 20 something miles wide. 20 something miles. That's from here to Commerce, right? That wasn't just a a little jet that flew by, right? An atomic bomb can't even hold that together. When it goes off, it's just chaos. It just goes up and makes a mushroom. No, I believe God had a hand in that. If you don't, then that's your business. You got to figure it out for yourself. Amen. We'll read this right here. We'll get ready to close. Everything ready? Okay. Now, the book of Ephesians, as I was just saying, to my opinion, is one of the greatest books of the New Testament. It leaves us, now watch, it leaves us on where Calvinism runs out on one limb, Armenianism runs out on the other limb. Now, what is he talking about? Predestination. And we'll get into that next Sunday because predestination, you got to bring it in because Calvinism is like it stamped like God did put you in a cube and pull you through. And that's the only way it could be, right? Armenianism was a little more over the greasy side. Doesn't matter what you do. But the book of Ephesians draws it together and positionally places the church. Now, I've typed it with Joshua. If you notice, Israel was brought up out of Egypt. And there's three stages of their journey. One stage, they left Egypt. One stage, you left the world. Right. You made a decision to get up and get out of the place you were in and go walking. Amen. Right. Out of into Yes, sir. Three stages. One was leaving Egypt. The next was what they even called the wilderness. It was the wilderness of what? Sin. Right. It was lit. Read your Bible. It's called the wilderness of sin. That's what you wandered around in. That's right. Even after you were brought out, there was things that kept having to be shaven away from you. That's what this is for. Amen. You got all you needed for your journey, but you had to have a journey. Amen. Amen. One stage was leaving Egypt. Egypt. The next stage was the wilderness. And the next stage was Canaan. Listen, by the new birth, you are in Canaan land now. Your soul is. But God don't want you to just stand at the river. He wants to put you where you need to be. Now watch. Now Canaan does not represent the age of the millennium. It only represents the age of the overcomer. The dispensation of overcoming because in Canaan they killed and burned and took cities and there'll be no death in the millennium. You see what he's trying to say? So because some people I guess at that time thought that when they went into the Canaan land was the type of the millennium. Well, it's not. They had to fight for every inch. They was they didn't just walk in. Listen, it would have been real nice if the Amalachites would have run that way and the Philistines that way and the Hivites and the Hisites and all. They just run off. They fought. Amen. Remember cuz God told him said, "You won't lose a man." And then when they lost those ever how many men they lost in that battle, Joshua said, "Stop. There's a problem here somewhere." And the problem wasn't with God. The problem wasn't with Joshua. But another thing that it does, it brings up justification by faith after they believed in Moses and left Egypt. Sanctification through following under the pillar of fire and the atonement of the sacrificial lamb in the wilderness and then entering into a land that had been promised. You and I today, I hope by the new birth, you've entered into a land. Yes. that God promised. Now the book of Joshua was the Ephesians of the Old Testament. So brother Brown preached a sermon Ephesians parallels Joshua. So the book of Ephesians is placing book of Joshua is placing. But now remember book of Joshua was in a natural land. The book of Ephesians is in a spiritual land. All right. Read this and then we'll uh take communion. How that the book of Joshua was the Ephesians of the Old Testament and how it was a book of redemption and redemption has two different parts come out of enter into first you have to come out some people want to bring the world bring the world with them right but you got to come out of the world to enter into Christ you have to come out of the unbelief to enter into faith there cannot be one thing in your way to really have genuine When faith, you must absolutely leave everything that's contrary to the word of God behind to enter into faith. You know why? There is no unbelief in this. That's right. I believe this as a whole from cover to cover. That's right. Finish this. And that was the book of the Ephesians of the Old Testament. Joshua, Moses represented the law. could not save one person but grace could and here Joshua is the same word like Jesus Jehovah savior and now then we find out we have to come to another Ephesians another Ephesus now that's where we're at where that in our intellectual denominations and so forth and all of our educational programs has come to its Jordan because remember even brother Ram stood there in 1956 he said if America don't accept the word of God in this year. He said, "Don't even pray for them." Pray for people. Don't pray for this government. Goodness. Then we must have an Ephesians again. We must have an exodus to come out and go into for the rapture. Hallelujah. Right. And the rapture is not going to rapture babies. Amen. Remember, all babies go to heaven, right? Naturally, but spiritually, you going to have to grow up. You going to have to grow up or get left behind. One of the two. Let's stand to our feet. Amen. Next Sunday, we'll it'll be uh Easter Sunday, I think it will be. But just study on this right here. Romans 8:29 says, "For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren." The Bible tells us that in Revelations, the last church age would be the beginning of the creation of God. how God wanted this thing done to begin with. Even in all this garbage that's going on out here, he's going to have a bride that's going to be without spot. You say, "Oh, no. That's when we Let's don't be like denominations. Let's don't Let's don't push things to to another place. Let's don't push things away to something else or somebody else. Let's say, "Lord, be it unto me right now." Well, we go through this adoption. Remember, Brother Dell told us years and years ago, God does not adopt the devil's children. He only adopts his own children. Now, the devil would love to have he does have his own children, but they ain't going to get the adoption like we do because there'll be power with character when we take a body change. Not until then. Because power without character is satanic. Let's bow our heads just for a second. Dear heavenly father, thank you for this word you give us. I pray Lord it'll sink deep in our heart and we'll see that Lord, you're trying one more time to get us to see that number one, we are the children of God, sons and daughters of God by the new birth. But we have to grow up. We have to quit drinking milk. We can start with it, but let's continue on to the meat of the word. Let's continue on to the grace of God that we can see that the end time is just for this thing is just made for the bride. This message was not sent to the world. It was sent to the bride of Jesus Christ. And it's our responsibility to hold that word up regardless of what people say about anything. Hold the word. If we'll hold the word, Lord, you said if we'll stand for you, you'll stand for us. And Lord, I depend on that. And I know you will because you are unfailing. You never made a mistake. You were never out of position. But you're trying to get us in position. And I pray that we do that as a church, Father, that we come to a place of maturity where you can not only use the the five-fold ministry, but use the the the ones sitting in the pews, Lord, the the ones, Lord, that come to church here, Father, that you can speak through them, and the things that they speak will come to pass. I just believe that, Lord. I believe you want you're wanting a powerful group of people. You're wanting a group of people just like you had in Ephesus where 12 people shook the world, but they were born again and under Paul's ministry, they grew in grace and knowledge. Father, I pray that you be with us now in the further of the service. Forgive us of our sins and our many mistakes that we make against you, Father. Lord, the word is here to clean us, Lord. the washing of the water by the word. Father, I pray that you'd wash us now continually, a daily sanctification, Lord, to keep us clean and forgive us, Lord, of we hurt anybody's feelings. Father, I pray that you'd just touch each of our hearts, Lord. Just let love continue to overflow in all of our hearts and be so much love, there'll be no hate there. Lord, I pray that you'd grant these things in Jesus name. Amen. Bible tells us if you go to 1 Corinthians 11 verse 23. We'll begin with the communion service. For I have received of the Lord. Now this is Paul talking by revelation. For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread. And when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me." After the same manner, he took the cup. when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do you as often as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you do show the Lord's death till he comes." Wherefore, whosoever shall eat of this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself. That's why we stop. Examine yourself. You You can get a lot of sin taken care of in just a few minutes. Well, praise God. I'm I hope that is true because I've I've come to them places where I needed to pray and it wasn't very long for God to forgive me for what I just did. Y'all just pray for me. If if y'all don't do that, pray for me. But let a man examine himself and so lay him of that bread and drinkketh that cup. For he that eateth and drinkketh unworthily eateth and drinkkeeth damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep. For if you would judge, if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasing to the Lord that we should not be condemned with the world. How about that? He's told him right then that we not be condemned with the world. So he's pulled them apart, set them apart, set them aside. Same way he's done with me and you at the new birth. He's pulled us apart. Now we know the world the world gets on us but can't get in us. Amen. Amen. Wherefore, my brethren, when you come together to eat, tar one for another. If any man hunger, let him eat me at home. That you come not together under condemnation and arrest while I set in order when I come. This is the eating of the flesh and drinking of the blood that Jesus talked about. But it's by revelation. We can read it in the Bible. You can point your finger at it. It's actually in red letter. So, we know Jesus spoke it. But we're doing it by the revelation that come through Paul, come down through the ages, and came down to right here. And brother Brandham just said it all in order. He said, "We're not eating crackers, and we're not drinking grape juice. This is made with hands that are holy. This is made without anything. That's why it's so thin cuz leavenan makes things rise." But at this point in time, you know what? This should not be an enjoyable meal. That's why Paul told them when he came to the Corinthians, he said, I mean, they had the table, I'm sure, full of food and fruits and mutton and lamb and all this stuff laying everywhere and they're just eating and drinking and they said, "This is the Lord's supper." Paul said, "No, you better do this a different way, for I have received of the Lord." Amen. That you should do this and do it where it is a happy time, but it's also a sad time to to realize what somebody went through for us to be able to do this and do it what? Do it with a glad heart. I want this all done with a glad heart. We should not be sadfaced. We should be happy to be able to do this and know what it's all about. Amen. So, let's pray. Dear heavenly father, thank you for this bread. It's been prepared just for this moment, Lord. And when it's when we're finished and any leftover, Lord, it'll be burned for we'll have a fresh revelation come the next morning. Father, I pray that you'd bless it and sanctify to your people in Jesus name. Amen. I mean, you know, if you're if you're a real bornagain Christian, you'll be happy to take communion because you know what it's done. And it's also a time when we can and we'll stop here in just a minute before we um pray over the wine. And if there's anything in your in your heart you want to get rid of, now's the time to do it. Amen. All of us. Just think about a God though that you know a lot of times when we when we when we mess up at work usually there's repercussions and usually sometimes it might take a while before something's done or something you know God said you just pray pray with an honest heart and I'll forgive you. So let's take just for a moment before we pray over this let's take for a moment I forgot to do that. Thank you Lord for bringing it back to our memory. Just take a few minutes of silent prayer. Clear the slate. Pray for me. I pray for you. Pray for everybody, Lord, that's in this building. And Lord, even the ones outside the building that they'll come to see the Lord. Lord, thank you for the sanctifying of the blood. We know it wasn't the chemistry, but it was a life. But that chemistry also was a symbol, Lord, that you bled and died at Calvary. And now we can take this wine, Lord, as a symbol of your blood, Father. And that we'll take it, Lord, knowing that coming up here, the world's fixing to um have an Easter service, Lord, and we'll commemorate your death, burial, and resurrection. But Father, it should be a death, burial, and resurrection every day for us. bury the old me and resurrect the new me. Father, I pray that you'd be with each one, Lord. Sanctify this this wine, Lord. The partakers, Lord, partake of it. That you, Lord, help us all to realize that we're under a Joshua commission to go forward, not backwards. Cross the Jordan and be placed in a land that you promised we could have. What a great promise. An eternal God promising a piece of ground to a group of people. Father, thank you for it in Jesus name. Amen. Think about a an eternal God that made made an earth made an earth just so that we can live on it. And we can live on it for an eternity. Every one of us can. We can live for it for an eternity. This is our house. This is our home. You know, the world is not my home. I'm just passing through. But you know what? According to my prophet, we're coming right back here to what? Possess what? He gave us. Listen, he gave that promise to Adam and Eve, but they lost it. But they didn't lose it forever. They didn't lose it for an eternity. It was only for a short time. George Brother Ram said so eloquently. He said, "God was a savior, but he didn't have anybody to save." God was a healer, but he didn't have anything to heal. So by his providence, he allowed Adam and Eve to do what they did. So that he could develop the attributes that he had any because remember, he can't change his attributes. He can't say, "Well, I don't want to be that anymore." Now, a lot of us, we do that. We I don't want to do that anymore. Why? Because it's not good. But God can't do that. And as I was telling you, I was listening to brother Donnie or watching him this morning and he was reading a quote and I never seen the quote so I'm going to look it up again. But I know it was a quote of brother Brandham because he pulled it up on the screen. But remember I told y'all the other day I believe this message is so orchestrated by God that when brother Brandham remember he would stop and go uh uh and then he would make a statement. It was like maybe seems like it didn't always match what he was talking about. You know what that was for? Because God knew Donnie Reagan, Wade Dale, Aaron Roberts, Luis Ureo, Bob Black would need that quote to perfect the bride. So he said it the way he said it. The Bible was written the same way. It was not written by any one man. It was written by God so that we can read the scripture and know what it says. But it took a prophet to what? Shine light on things that man has covered up darkness. Said, "No, that's not it. That's not it over here. That's not it over here." Well, you'll see when we come to the end of this thing, you'll find out. Those who endure to the end shall be saved. We may not know, brother Boyd. We may not know till the end of this whole thing right at the change of the body who's made it and who hadn't or who's got it and who don't cuz there's going to be faults when you come unto that third pull when it's to the totally lost. Those totally lost don't think they're lost. Come on. They don't think they're lost. I'll read you a quote where brother Ram said he said they'll keep on thinking they're getting the Holy Ghost. You know why? Because they're taught different. Well, just believe the message. Just believe this. Just believe in a shout. just believe in this or or believe in a feeling. It ain't got none that nothing to do with that. That happens after the baby's born. Let's get the baby here first. We get the baby here. Then we can start shouting and screaming. Come morning, I'll walk by the river. I'll rest the evergreen tree. I'll carry my cross through the midnight. Come morning, there's glory for me. Sometimes I'm despised and rejected. And I question, oh father, how long? It ain't going to be long. And I take one more look at Mount Calvary. That's what we need to focus on. And it gives me the strength to go on. We get to sit down by a green pasture by a river that don't flood. Always stays the same. Praise God. It's the same temperature all the time. And we'll get to sit down with David. Say, David, what inspired you to write that? Solomon, what inspired you to write that? Tell me what you were thinking that day. I know what you were thinking. And by revelation on this side, I can see why. But tell me why you wrote that. He said, "Oh, well, I was persecuted. The people hated me. My sons turned against me. My wife turned against me." He said, "But I knew one thing's for sure. God was not going to ever turn against me, ever turn against me. I put my dependency in that, folks. Don't ever put it in a man, but in Christ." Amen. Let's protect. While they're taking up that, we'll continue on with the foot washing. When we get finished with the foot washing, um, I'll pray over the food here and, uh, and we'll, uh, continue on downstairs and eat a bite. And like I said, those you that want to go to the house about 4:00, we'll go down there and, uh, and learn how to. So, the foot washing when we see that Jesus was finished. Now, he knew he was betrayed. He knew the thing was going to happen. He knew that. Now, he knew he was in a position to know. He knew who was going to betray him. Of course, he knew before, but he knew this was the time he was going to do it that night. He knew that, but he still fed him communion, washed her feet. Supper being ended, the devil, having now put in the heart of Judas's car, Simon's son, to betray him. Jesus, knowing that the father had given all things into his hands, and that he was come from God, and he went to God. He rises from supper, laid aside his garments, and took a towel and girded himself. After that he pou water into a basin and began to wash the disciples feet and to wipe them with a towel for with he was gerted. Then cometh he to Simon Peter. And Peter said unto him, Lord, does thou wash my feet? Jesus answered and said unto him, what I do, thou knowest not now, but you'll know hereafter. Peter said unto him, Thou shalt never. Don't ever tell Jesus never. He'll explain it to you real quick. Peter said unto him, "Thou shalt never wash my feet." Jesus answered and said, "If I wash thee not, you'll have no part with me." Simon Peter said unto him, "Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head." Jesus said unto him, he that is washed, he that's not saved to wash his feet, but is clean every wet, and you are clean, but not all. For he knew he should betray him. Therefore, he said, "You are not all clean." So, after he had washed their feet, and taken the garment, was set down again, he said unto them, "Know you what I've done to you? You call me master and lord and you say well for so I am. If then your master and lord have washed your feet, you also ought to wash one another's feet. For I have given you an example that you should do as I have done to you. Very verily I say unto you, the servant, that's what we were talking about in the in Galatians. The servant is not greater than his lord, neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him. If you know these things, happy are you if you do them. Let's bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, I pray Lord that now we'll enter into the footwashing part Lord that we'll Lord see that you humbled yourself and acted as a servant. Though you be Lord of all, though you be the creator and the one that saved our soul and saved the disciples there in the upper room except for one. Lord, you did all that knowing what was going to happen, but you washed their feet anyway. Lord, I pray that you'd be with us now. Let the words not return void, but accomplish, Lord, what it set out to do. And that's to adopt us after we get in the land and positionally place us where we're supposed to be. Father, I pray that you'd sanctify the food, Lord, that they're about to partake downstairs that everybody will enjoy it and have fun, Lord. It was it was made for us to to eat, Lord. And I pray that you would sanctify it. Be with each person that's here. Be with the ones that are not here, Lord, that couldn't come. I pray that you'd bless them, Father, in Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you and your sisters. Go downstairs.
