################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-23 - April 23, 2025 - Bro David Dienhart At Thy Word - David Dienhart.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-23
Title:    April 23, 2025 - Bro David Dienhart "At Thy Word"
Speaker:  David Dienhart
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 57m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgYnSYtAL_M
========================================

Description:
Bro David Dienhart
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Good evening friends. God bless you all. Uh why don't we start with um actually the song that you're playing, one of the few. [Music] I am one of the few. One of the few. And by faith in God's word, I can claim it. Though the way may seem long, though the opposition strong, for the bride, there's a way provided. If I plan to go through just to hope will not do, I must be firmly decided to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the few. One more time. I am one of the few. One of the few. And by faith in God's word, I can claim it. Though the way may seem long, though the opposition strong for the bride, there's a way provided. If I plan to go through just to hope will not do, I must be firmly decided to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the few. Amen. Number 699, [Music] please. As the deer panteth for, the water so my soul longeth after thee. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. [Music] You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. You're my friend and you are my brother. Even though you are a king and I want you more than any other so much more than anything. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. I want you more than gold or silver. Only you can [Music] satisfy. You alone are the real joy giver and the apple of my eye. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. [Music] He has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory. [Music] by the blood of the [Music] lamb of calary. He has forgiven me. Oh, he has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory. [Music] By the blood of the lamb of [Music] calary. He has forgiven me. Let's go to number 884. Sing it this Sunday, but it's a beautiful song. I thought we sing it with the [Music] verses. No one knew how alone I was feeling and the emptiness I tried so hard to hide. Though I laughed and said my life was fine without you. I was covering up the secret tears I cried. Then one day someone told me of your mercy and the love you showed on a hill called [Music] Calary. There you die and purchase my redemption. when you broke sin's power and set my spirit free. And I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood I found pardon and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Oh, it's true. There have been days when I failed you. Lord, you know the many times I've gone astray. But I've learned your love is stronger than my weakness. And your ear is open every time I pray. No one else has ever cared for me like you, Lord. Other friends could never be as close to me. I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow. Knowing you are everything I'll ever need. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood, I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. I'm amazed. Oh, I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you came. Through your preious blood, I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Amen. Number 321. As we prepare for prayer, that's KFC. [Music] He's already [Music] proided. He's already proided. [Music] Everything you need, he's already [Music] proided. Every promise you can claim, just ask it in his name. Everything you need, he's already [Music] proided. He's already proided. He's already proided. Everything you need, he's already provided. Every promise you can claim, just ask it in his name. Everything you need. He's already proided every promise. Oh, every promise you can claim, just ask it in his name. Everything you need, he's already proided. Amen. You know, usually brother Paul gives me the prayer requests. I came out here not uh with nothing written down, but um we know to remember the Graham's family as they travel to Arizona and that whole situation. So, we'll remember them in prayer as well as the sister Rebecca uh from the group chat. Um sounds very dire. So, we'll just remember them in prayer. uh many couldn't be here tonight, whether that's sickness or circumstances. Let's just pray for each one of our brothers and sisters. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we come before you this evening as we've gathered together, Lord, in your name. Lord, we want to worship you. We want to praise you, Lord, and just fellowship with you, Lord. We invite you to come and commune with us. Fill this building with your presence, Lord Jesus. We're bring these knees before you, Lord. the Grahams family as they travel. I pray for traveling mercies for them, Lord, and the uh circumstance with um Sister Sarah's father. Just pray that you have control, have your way, Lord. Um just make it smooth and easy, Lord, for them. Just be there for them, Lord Jesus. I pray that you help them and uh that your will be done, Lord, with this sister Rebecca. Lord, you know everything that's going on, Lord Jesus. And all we can do is just pray and commit into your hands, Lord. So, we just bring it and and leave it before your throne, Lord. Just want to make it be known. But we know that you're aware. We know that and we believe that you're already working on her behalf, Lord. So, uh we just leave it with you, Lord Jesus. We ask that your will be done with everything with everyone who hasn't, um couldn't be here tonight, Lord. just pray that you visit them tonight, Lord. Just be their portion and and bless each one, Lord. Those who are traveling, those who are sick and afflicted today and just uh pray for them and commit them into your hands, Lord. I pray that you give u brother Paul and sister Jerry recovery after traveling. Just give them strength, Lord. And I'll just be excited to see them. Um we just commit everything to your hands, Lord, this service. Ask that you have your way. Speak to us, Lord. soften our hearts to hear from you, Lord Jesus. And uh we give you thanks, praise, Lord, and glory and honor. The name of Jesus Christ we pray. [Music] Amen. Amen. Let's go to number 471. [Music] shackled by a heavy [Music] burden and beneath the load of guilt and shame. Then the hand of Jesus touched me and now I am no longer the same. For he touched me. Oh, he touched me. And oh the joy that floods my soul. Something happened. And now I know he touched me and made me whole. [Music] Since I met this blessed savior, and since he cleansed and made me whole. Oh, I shall never cease to praise him. I'll shout it while eternity [Music] rolls. He touched me. Oh, he touched me. And all the joy that floods my [Music] soul. Something happened and now I know he touched me and made me whole. One more time. Oh, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. And oh, the joy that floods my soul. [Music] Something happened and now I know he touched me and made me whole. Amen. Why don't we dance together as we sing this last song as we invite birth of David um number 93. We'll just sing the chorus. of course is all we [Music] have. Don't lose your vision of [Music] Jesus. Keep your eyes ever on him. [Music] Many friends and dear loved ones have lost their way. They have lost their vision of him. One more time. Oh, don't lose your vision of Jesus. us. Keep your eyes ever on him. Many friends and dear loved ones have lost their way. They have lost their vision of him. Amen. Let's sing u Lord prepare me as this last song. [Music] Lord prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true, and with thanksgiving living. I'll be a living [Music] sanctuary for you. Lord, I'm willing now. Oh Lord, I'm willing to be a [Music] sanctuary, pure and [Music] holy, tried and true with thanksgiving. living. I'll be a [Music] living for [Music] you. If you're willing to be a sanctuary, God will use you. But you've got to be willing. Amen. And he does prepare us. He knows how to prepare us. He works in and through his bride in this day. Amen. Are you happy to be in the Lord in the house of the Lord tonight? Amen. It's more than just this house. We're happy to be in the house in his house. Yes, sir. Amen. His place of worship, that's quite a place to be in in this hour. Quite a place to abide. And it's a it's a secret place. It's a hiding place. But thank God, he provided it for his people, his bride. In the midst of all this turmoil and confusion, we we are at peace. We have total peace. We are completely hid away. Satan couldn't get to us. No way, no shape, no form unless God would allow him to. But there's one thing he cannot do. He cannot take you out of eternal life. So, thank God for that. Thank God for his grace. Let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. Our heavenly father, we give ourselves over to you tonight. This is a message, Lord, you know that has been on my heart for a long time, well over a month or better. And Lord, I I just thank you for it. It's simple, but Lord, may we realize the pro the profoundness of it and what it means and the secret of it, Lord, that to see you made manifest in our midst. Father, take this vessel, speak through me. I'm willing to speak whatever you lay in my heart and bring this message in the way you would have it brought regardless of what I have on notes. Regardless, Lord, it's in your hands. Lord, I believe that with all my heart. And these people haven't come in vain. Though there be a few here, yet where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them. And so, Father, we exalt you. We are No, you're here. It's not the number. It's nothing. But Lord, I know if there's a hungry heart here, you're willing to feed it. We're willing to serve you, Lord, but there's only one provided way of serving you, and that's through your word. And we thank you for providing that perfect way, for your ways are perfect. And we rejoice in this with thanksgiving. Speak now through your word. Speak what's in your heart. and speak it through these lips of clay that I give over in submission to you and for your glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. May God bless those that are online. May God feed their souls. Also, if you'd like to turn with me in your word, in your Bibles, and that is our word. Amen. Turn with me in your word. Exactly right. Turn with me in the word to to Luke chapter 1 beginning with the 26th verse. A little lengthy reading. I wouldn't necessarily have to read this entirety but I just feel like we need to. And in the 26th verse speaking of Mary and in the sixth month, the angel Gabriel, now remember, brother Bram said Gabriel announces the first coming and Gabriel announces the second. Amen. Do we know where we're at? We he has done announced it. Amen. And so here we are at fulfilling of prophecy and and seeing the scriptures being fulfilled. But in the sixth month, the angel Gabriel was sent from God, a messenger from God, unto the city of Galilee named Nazareth, to a virgin espouseed to a man whose name was Joseph of the house of David. And the virgin's name was Mary. And the angel came in unto her. It's interesting the wording here. The angel came in unto her and said, "Hail." Now, I I look at the angel, but who's who's the who's the word coming through that angel? The Holy Ghost. So the angel came in unto her and said, "Hail, thou art highly favored. The Lord is with thee." Now that's the Lord speaking to Mary. The Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou among women. And when she saw him, she was troubled at this, saying, "You would be too." And cast in her mind what manner of salutation this should be. And the angel said unto her, "Fear not." I always love that. "Fear not, Mary." Brother Bram said, when there's when he says, "Fear not, there's going to be there's going to be an engagement at hand. There's going to be trouble, trials." But he said, "Fear not, Mary, for thou hast found favor with God." Other words, don't fear what you're thinking. and behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shall call his name Jesus. Now, Brother Bram said, every we believe something's happened in our day, and this has a dual revelation. For we know what the promise is in this day. There is a bride conceiving in her womb, her spiritual womb. This is a physical womb. There is a spiritual womb. Amen. For thou hast found favor with God. And behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shall call his name Jesus. He shall be great, and shall be called the son of the highest. And the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David. And he shall reign over the house of Jacob forever, and of his kingdom there shall be no end. And then said Mary unto the angel, "How shall this be?" And and that was a that was not arguing with the angel. She just said a legitimate question. "How shall this be, seeing I know not a man?" And the angel answered and said unto her, "The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the highest shall overshadow thee. Therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the son of God not the son of Joseph shall be called the son of God and that's what he was who is this new birth in you and behold thy cousin Elizabeth she she hath conceived a son in her old age and this isn't this other words he's con he's consoling her This this is happening. Amen. What I've told you. Now, here she is conceiving a son, a miracle in her old age. And this is the sixth month with her who was called barren. For with God nothing shall be impossible. I want that really to sink deep. For with God, with the word nothing shall be impossible. And Mary said, "Behold," I just love this. Now look at her response. Mary said, "Behold, the handmade of the Lord, be it unto me according to thy word." And the angel departed from her. You may be seated. Turn with me to Hebrews the 11th chapter. I'll make this as short as I can this evening. I had a real, you know, after a few months of meditating on things and and having that quickened, you have a lot of notes and so how to bring them forth. It took a while today how to just lay this out and I pray that God will let it be a blessing to you. Amen. Because I believe God's given it. Amen. Amen. 11th chapter and the fifth and sixth verse. By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death and was not found because God had translated him. For before his translation, this is the point I want to drive here. Before his translation, he had this testimony that he pleased God. Now the sixth verse, but without faith, it is impossible to please God. And I want that to go home tonight. For without faith, God has one provided way for anything. Yeah. And only one provided way. And to please him, you cannot please him without faith. Faith where? Now we'll come to that where faith anchors. Amen. So you can't please God. God has only one way provided to please him. That's by faith. So without faith it is possible to please him. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Amen. Brother Brandham mentions in a me in a in a in a uh reading here and I failed to pick it up where it was, but I just want to read this. Now, she had to believe. Speaking of Mary, she had to believe. Now, I'll just back off here a minute. Just let me just finish what else here is in my heart. So he has one way to please him. And so my way or God's way, my self-will will or God's word. So I just want to drop that in. It's either my way, your way or God's way. Myself or yourself, will or God's word. And this is just what I'm going to be covering here. I'm not asking you to do anything. God's saying, "I'm I'm not asking you to do anything." God's not God's not asking us to do anything. Just stop and think about this. But to believe his word. Amen. God's asking us one thing. God is asking us to believe his word. We think we have something to do in this. We never had a thing to do in it. Right? God says one thing I'm asking you to do and you and you and I cannot even do that in ourselves unless it's appointed to us by God. But that is to believe his word. Okay? Now she had to believe something that had never happened. But look at her little childish heart. I just love this. I'm going to think her to be a just a young woman and about 18 20 years old. She never taken the second she never taken the second thought. She just simply accepted what God said. This is how it'll be. Amen. And she accepted it. Now that's simple. But that's the simplicity that a human cannot bow and come down to. It takes God for you tonight to do that. Amen. So God had in her the ability to receive his word. Amen. That's what was that the seed of God. She never taken the second thought. Now that that was a little different than what John's dad, the priest did. He took the second thought. Well, my wife's old. How can she do this? And he had all kinds of of of examples in the Bible, Hannah and Sarah and and many of them. So, but but he was rebuked for it. But here here is Mary. She didn't take the second thought. As soon as she seen and knowed that was the angel of the Lord that knowed these things and told her exactly according to the scripture and she had been thinking on meditating on that scripture. And so she knew I was the Lord because she he knew her name and knew what she had been meditating on. She was thinking of that scripture in Isaiah 7. I'll give you a sign. A virgin shall conceive and bear a son. All right, a super sign. And she'd been thinking on that and thinking on Isaiah 9:6, unto us a child is born. A son is given. She had been thinking on that and told her her name. She knowed that messenger come from God. And the scripture that she had been thinking on was confirmed right there to her. Mary, the Holy Ghost will come upon you and the and the Almighty shall overshadow thee. She asked how thin this be. That's how it'll be. She didn't ask. I don't explain that to me. How's that going to work? No, she said she said it. The Holy Ghost will overshadow you. The holy thing shall be born will not be of man, but he'll be called the son of God. She threw her little hands up and tears running out of those beautiful eyes said, "Behold the hands made of the Lord. Be it unto me according to thy word. My title tonight is at thy word. At thy word. Be it unto me according to thy word. You say that's pretty simple, brother David, but that is profound. Yes. That is deeper than what you and I can think it to be. Amen. We cannot in our humanness become simple enough to realize God's simplicity. We can't humanly think that simple. Amen. So it goes beyond the human ability. The simplicity of God goes beyond the human ability. But look at what he said. She said, "Behold, the hands made of the Lord. Be it unto me according to thy word." Now, that's the only way that there is to please God. Take his word. Don't trust your knowledge. You'll reason. How can it be? It cannot be done. When you reason, then you lose the victory. We must cast down reasonings and believe that God what God has said to be the truth. Amen. Amen. Mary never talked back to the angel. Boy, I like that. We shouldn't talk back to it either. When we have his word and we have the perfect interpretation of his word, there's no reason to talk back. Just simply say, "So be it unto me according to thy word." At thy word, Lord. At thy word, Lord. Amen. Amen. You don't need to add to it. You don't need to take from it. It's at thy word, Lord. Whatever he said to do, whatever he's asked to do, whatever he But it's always at thy word. When you reason, he said, you'll lose victory. Never talked back the angel. She never discussed it in any way any further. But she she never argued. She never questioned it anymore. His word was enough for her. Now, brother, sister, what's enough for us? What is enough for us? Let's go to Hebrews 10 and verse five. Wherefore, when he cometh into the world, he saith, "Sacrifice and offering thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me." Amen. I want you to go to Ephesians chapter 5. I'm just going to have to take this in a in a very just hitting high spots. There's so much to this that you could cover. Ephesians chapter 5 verse 23 starting with verse 23. For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church, and he is the savior of the body that he might that he is savior of the body. Husbands, love your wives. Excuse me, I missed one. Therefore, the church is subject unto Christ. So let the wives be unto their own husbands in everything. Now, we know and I'm just we know that Paul what he's speaking of here, he's he's he's bringing he's bringing the natural union, but what he's talking about here is this great mystery, but I speak concerning Christ in the church. He's typing it with the husband and wife. He's bringing it. He's showing that through this husband. Who's the husband of the bride? Husband, love your wives. Now, they're not saying this doesn't apply to us because our marriage should reflect this union between Christ and his bride. Husbands, love your wives even as Christ also loved the church. And what did he do? He gave himself for it that he might sanctify. That's wash. Clean. Sanctify. And cleanse it with the washing of the water by the word. Yeah. Okay. That he might present it to himself. I want you to notice this. The presenting of it to himself. That he might present it to himself. a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and without blemish. So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. He that loveth his wife loveth himself. So if Christ loves his bride, who's he loving? Himself. Himself. All right. Amen. For no man ever yet hated his own flesh. So who's the church? His own flesh. But nourisheth and cherisheth it, even as the Lord, the church. For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones. We are members of who? His body. of his flesh and of his bones. For this cause shall a man leave father and mother and shall be joined unto his wife. And they too shall be one flesh. Amen. Not two flesh. One. One flesh. This is a great mystery. Now, brother Paul's coming down and saying, "What I've said this for, I'm bringing I'm bringing this to the to what I'm meaning here. This is a great mystery, but I speak concerning Christ and the church." Nevertheless, let every one of you in particular so love his wife even as himself, and the wife see that she reverence her husband. Amen. I want to read out the church age book here, page 189. If you're if you want to write it down in the the new church age, the the brown leather or the brown or the red book reading where he said, "Pick up your pen and write." Now, this was not William Brham's writing. This was God writing. This is God speaking. In the last days, the true bride, Christ's seed, will come to the headstone and she will be a super she'll be the super church, a super race as she nears him. What's what's nears him? Maturity. Yeah. All right. It's growing somewhere. The seed's growing because she's got to come to that position. What is it? Headstone. What's the headstone? The full stature. All right. But God had to make a way for that to happen, didn't he? Amen. That's why we have the message of the hour. That's why we have the opening of the full revelation of the word. Amen. All right. Now, or the full revelation of Jesus Christ. The bride will be so much like him that they will even be in his image. This is in order to be united with him. They will be one. So if he's the word, she's the word. Amen. If he's the seed, Christ's seed, the bride is Christ's seed. Brother Bram just said in these last days, the true bride church, Christ's seed, they will be one. They will be the very manifestation. I want want you to miss this. They will be the very manifestation of the word of of the living God. Amen. Now, denominations of course will never produce this because it's the wrong seed because the seed brings forth of its kind. Now, I'm just going to go on do down here and just bypass a little bit here. We know that Adam was given a a bride, but she fell because she hybridized. She caused him to die. The second son was given a wife, but before he could marry her, she fell. But watch this. Paragraph 64, he said, "From a little group of the true seed," here again, "A little group of the true seed of the word, the true seed of the word, God will present Christ with a beloved bride." So here we see from a little group of the true seed of the word, both those fell. But now, now what is he speaking? He's speaking in our day. He's speaking in our time from a little group of the true seed of the word. God will present Christ with a beloved bride. Will he or won't he? He said he will. All right. She is a with a beloved bride. She is a virgin of his word. Right? Because a virgin because she knows no man-made creeds or dogmas by and through the members of the bride will be fulfilled by and through the members of his bride will be fulfilled. All that was promised of God to be made manifest in the virgin. Now, she's the virgin. We're looking here in this day. Now, watch. He reverts back now to Mary. The word of promise. The word of promise came to the Virgin Mary. But that word of promise was he. Mhm. I want to make note of that. That word of promise was he himself to be made manifest. Hold that tight now because we're coming right back to what we just read here about this day. But here it is with Mary. He had but was he himself to be made manifest? God was made manifest. He himself acted at that time. He himself acted at that time and fulfilled his own word of promise, his own word of promise in the virgin. Now watch the word of promise. That was he. So, we're talking about a word of promise at the first coming. That was he all right? That was he himself to be made manifest. God was manifest. He himself acted at that time to fulfill his own word of promise in the virgin. It was an angel that brought her the message, but the angel's message was the word of God. And he refers to Isaiah 9:6. Unto us a child is given. Unto us child born. That was the word of God. He fulfilled. He fulfilled at that time all that was written of him. Now he watch that word of promise is he himself fulfilled at that time all that was written of him. Now watch because why was it fulfilled what was written of him? Why? It couldn't have been fulfilled unless this happened. Yeah. Why did it? Because she accepted his word to her. Now there's the secret. Yes, there's the secret of taking the secret is that taking God at his word. She believed it. Amen. The word of promise was fulfilled in her because she believed it and he acted himself. He was to manifest himself. He took the word that he promised, his own promise, acted under that word. He acted, gave it to her, showed her, and she believed it. Now watch. From a little group, I'm coming back to the this is the second coming. From a little group of the true seed of the word, God will present Christ with a beloved with a beloved bride. Amen. So where's that promise? That's the word of promise. Amen. Amen. If he acted the first time, he's acting again here. Yeah. All right. The members of the virgin bride will love him and they will have his potentials for he is their head and all power belongs to him. They are subject to him as the members of our bodies are subject to our heads. in the message. Seed is now with a shock. 65. Now it's seed time. What was the word of promise? It was him. What was he? The seed. It had to anchor into a virgin. Amen. It had to come to a virgin. That word of promise was he himself acting himself acted out himself bringing the promise to pass in the virgin. But there's another virgin here. Amen. Remember I just read here that this this little bride Oh, it's right here. Well, yeah, she's a virgin. Amen. All right. Now, it's seed time. Other words, it's Christ's time or bride time. He's trying to get us to see what it is. He said it's seed time, but this is the bride coming, right? This is bride time. Amen. Amen. It's seed time. Christ's seed, right? He promised it would would bring Christ would bring that bride give Christ a bride. The shucks are dead. He said it's bride time himself. Watch seed time himself manifested. It's himself manifest. It's bride age. Brother Bram said in the place bride time. She's to come on the scene. It's the promise. Do you realize this day this scripture fulfilled? He said there's to come on the scene in this hour the word of promise again and it would be a bride to the promised son. It would be a royal seed of the royal son and she's to come on the scene in this last day. So we're seeing the fulfillment of scripture in this last day. It's not another. It's him. In bride time in bride form. All right. The shucks are dead. See? No. What is she? She is him. She's the seed. She's royal seed. She is him. Okay. The shucks are dead. What's he mean when the shucks are dead? The life's come out of it. Okay. So, something's come out of that shuck. Just like he came out of Mary. Amen. Okay. So, the shucks are dead. The shucks are dried up. The virgin, it's the virgin word time. Not touch. It's a virgin. Remember a virgin word time. If you put it in the hands of a denomination, it won't be virgin. It'll be manhandled time you get to it. But God's church is not touched by denomination. Hallelujah. It's a virgin word of God. Was he a virgin-born word of God? Yeah. He acted himself. He acted, if we go back to it, as we said, he acted out it himself. So where are we going to stand? Where what are we going to receive? We're going to receive our day and our hour and our time and what's happening as time. Amen. What's taking place in this time? It's seed time again. She's a virgin-born word. She's a virginborn word of God made manifest. Jesus Christ. He's pointing to what she is. It's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. How wonderful. I love it. I believe it. I know it's the truth. It'll not be touched. There's no manhandling in the virgin birth of the bride. Amen. I I feel like going back and reading that again in that in that pick up your pen, but I think you can go back and read that. All right. Now, I want to go over here to ver Ephesians chapter 1. Ephesians chapter 1 and verse 22 and 23. and hath put all things under his feet. That's his body. And gave him to be the head over all things to the church, which is his body. Amen. So, who is who is Eve? His body. A body hast thou prepared me? What's he prepared for him today? He said he prepared Christ himself. He prepared for himself a bride. That's right. So, it's his action. It's his doing. It's his promise. Amen. We're in We're in We're in the second fold of his three-fold manifestation of the seventh seal. We're in that second fold. What's the third fold? his third coming. Are you with me? Because the he he has to climax our meeting in the air. He didn't he's not coming that way here. This time he comes in bride form. But the third coming is when he steps out to rule in a millennium. Brother Ram said, "We now see Eden is prepared for us." Amen. What are we looking for? The catching away, the meeting in the air. Amen. It's the same person here, but not in that form. Right. He's here in bride form. That's right. Amen. That's right. Now, that's just that's just hitting the surface of it. We can spend we can spend another hour or better, two hours or three hours just on that one topic right there. And I have many times, but that's what it is. All right. Now, but watch what he's saying. which is his body. This church put all things under his feet. Gave him to be the head over all things to the church, which is his body, the fullness. Watch this. This just leaped at me about three weeks ago. He said, he said, which is his body, the fullness of him. What is the fullness of him? The full revelation of him. Revelation 10:7, the mystery. Amen. the fullness of him. So who's this church? Who's this bride? The fullness of him. The fullness of what? The full revelation of Jesus Christ. He's not complete without you. Adam was not complete without without Mrs. Adam. Amen. He said, "It's it's not good that, you know, I I won't I won't go into all that because it's just takes too much. I'm wanting to hold steady at this. At thy word, which is his body, the fullness of him that fillth all in all." All right. He's un the fullness of him is the unveiling of himself in bride form, his second advent. John 15, chapter 15 and verse 5. I am the vine, ye are the branches. He that abideth in me. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's not in and out. That's abiding. living. He that abideth in me, and who is he? The word. And I the word in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit. For without me, you can do nothing. So without the word, you can do nothing. Amen. You're helpless. You can do nothing without the word. How do you expect the word to work through you unless you believe it? Unless you accept it, unless you say at thy word and don't add what you think to it, just simply at his word. Take him at his word and go on rejoicing. Amen. Because he's given you his word. Yeah. I'm not He's He said, I'm See, I'm here again. I'm not asking you to do anything but believe my word. Take me at my word. This is the secret. Take me at my word. For you can do nothing without me. But with me in you, I in you and you in me will bear much fruit. What will the fruit be? The fruit will be the word for the season, for the hour. All right. Now he says, so this bride is a virgin born word of God made manifest. The re brother Brandham said the revelation of Jesus Christ not for his day but for this day is growing in a bride. Yeah. And it's in the formation of his bride. Where's what is it? It's in the formation of his bride and is growing in the bride to the full stature of Christ in bride form. So what are we beholding here? What are we what are we seeing? It's astounding when you think of it. We're seeing the manifestation of his word promise of the mystery of his coming. It's how he comes that's the mystery. Yeah. That's right. Amen. Amen. That's exactly the mystery. But God by his grace opens that secret to his bride. Because only by the birthing of the word in you can you see that mystery because you can't call him Lord, right? Call him husband. Call him word lord without that holy ghost in you to reveal it. It takes the birth of the word. All right. Said what is the word bride? This is I'm quoting from brother Brandham. What is the word bride? It's the manifestation the promised word manifested. It's the manifestation for of this hour. It's the manifestation of this hour displaying to the world the attributes of God. It's displaying. What is the word bride? The the manifestation of this hour. That's promised word manifested. displaying to the world the attributes of God in the formation of the bride that's to be expressed in this hour that we are now living didn't so he's he's making it very clear this is what it is today therefore we must be that word bride living by the word amen amens I which we we read that already in verse 27. Notice Ephesians 1:4. In verse 27, he brought her to himself. Washed her. Brought her to himself. I've got a little rebound here. Brother Ivan, if you could cut that back. I'm I'm talking that keeps ringing in me in my ears. All right. um in Ephesians 5 verse 27. Let me read it again. That he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and without blemish. Now what did Ephesians 1:4 ch we were chosen in him that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. He has made accepted us accepted in the beloved. He hath made us. It's his action. It's his doing. He acted at that time. He's acted at this time. Amen. Amen. All right. 1 Corinthians 12. 1 Corinthians chapter 12. And verse 27 says, "Now you are the body of Christ and members in particular. You vary. You're different, but you're members in your position, your place. Whether you're whether you're you're a toenail or a cell or whatever you are, it's his. It's Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. For you're members of his body. Verse 12. For the body, for as the body is one and hath many members. Notice the body is not twain. The body is one. That's right. And hath many members. And all the members of that body of that one body being many are one body. So also is Christ. So what is Christ? That body. Amen. that Christ is that body. They're no longer twain. He's one with that body. He is that body. And every member is a part of him and one with him. Amen. He is whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether be bond or free, and have all been made to drink into that one spirit. For the body is not one member but many. You are the body. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So therefore, we have no right. Let me just take this. We have no right to take his body and connect it to another vine. Right? We have no right to take his body. Where is he? Who is he? It's the word. His body is the word. It's himself. And we have no right to take his body and connect it to another vine. That's what Eve did. And she hybridized and caused him to die. Her husband. Is that right? Yes. She committed adultery. Her name was changed to Eve, which is the mother of all living. Adam was not the father of all living. Amen. That's right. See, that's it. So, so you can't, you're not, you have no right. She had no right to take her body. His body. It was his body. It wasn't her body. It was his body. Bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh. Adam said, "She's woman. I'll call her woman. She came out of me." Amen. It's himself. She had his spirit. God formed her in another form, but not another dirt. It was his dirt. Amen. his dust, his body formed in another form, but not another spirit. Was Adam's spirit. That's right. Amen. So is the bride today. Yeah. All right. Now, 1 Corinthians 6:13, let's dwell on this a minute about having no right. We just see right there where we are his branches. So we as his branch have no right to connect it to another vine. Okay. So, 1 Corinthians 6 and let's start here with verse 13. Meats for the belly and belly for meats. But God shall destroy both it and them. Now the body is not for fornication. Let me just back up here. I got to make this point. 11th verse. Now you know thieves, covetous, drunkards, revelers, extortioners, inherent see nor idolattors, idol adulterers, nor infinite, nor abusers of themselves of mankind. And such were some of you. I want to make this point. But you are washed. Yeah. So how are we washed? By the word. Amen. The bloody word, his own blood washed us. Amen. Cleaned us, cleansed us, separated us, washed us. So we are no longer adulterers. That old first husband died. Amen. Amen. All right. So he comes down here, meats for the belly, belly for meat, but God shall destroy both it and them. Now the body is not for fornication. Are you hearing that? But for the Lord and the Lord for the body. That's right. Okay. He's the word and the Lord for the body. The body is for the Lord, not fornication, but for the Lord and the Lord for the body. And God hath both raised up the Lord and will raise us up and will also raise up us by his own power. So because I live, you live also. All right. Know you not that your bodies are the members of Christ? Then shall I take the members of Christ and connect them to another vine? Shall I take the members of Christ and make them members of a harlot? God forbid. What? Know ye not that he which is joined to a harlot is one body? For two saith, he shall be one flesh. But he that is joined unto the Lord is one spirit. Amen. Amen. Flee fornication. Every sin that man doeth is without the body, but he that committh fornication sinnth against his own body. Then what is see what is what is the bride's own body? Amen. It's him. What? Know you not that your body is? Here it is. Know you not that your body is the temple or the dwelling place or God's place of worship of the Holy Ghost which is in you and you are you and which you have of God and you're not your own. Amen. Amen. For you are bought with a price. Therefore, glorify God in your body and in your spirit, which are God's. Amen. Your body, your spirit is his. It's his property. He owns you. That's right. Now, watch what the prophet said. Let me just back up here a minute. We are we are to be we are we are to be faithful to one man one vine we are to be connected to we are faithful to one man one vine one person we are to be connected to how do I prove my love to him you love him how do you prove your love to him by believing what he saidmen thy word, Lord, by believing what he said. James and James, if you want to turn over there real quick. But first, before we do that, let me just read this found in the third seal. Christ wants his wife pure with the word. In Psalm 119:140, he said, "The word is very pure." Amen. The word is very pure. You cannot mix the word with anything. It won't mix. You can't mix it with your reasoning. You can't mix it with your own ideas, your feelings. It won't mix. Amen. It stands alone. It's the absolute. Okay. Now he said the way his wife Christ wants his wife pure with the word the way she must be because nothing not one jot or one tit or anything will pass from that law from that book till it's all fulfilled. Jesus said both heavens and earth will pass away but my word shall never pass away. Don't put any private interpretation to it. Amen. You notice Mary didn't and neither will the bride. Amen. Yeah, we make mistakes. We do. But God is keeps moving her on up. He's not going to miss his promise. He will have a bride that will take him at his word. Thank you, Lord. Amen. He's going to take She's going to take him at his word. Amen. I'm not talking about perfecting of the flesh. I'm talking about the maturity of the person. Amen. Amen. All right. Jesus said, "Both heavens and earth will pass away, but my word shall never pass." Don't put any private interpretation to it. He wants the pure, unadulterated, not even a flirt. Boy, the devil's good at that. Yeah, he'll move you somehow to get you to flirt contrary to the word. He'll bring it any way he can. You have one thing to do. Take God at his word. Amen. Don't I don't care anything that's contrary to that word. Leave it alone. It's your enemy. I would not want He wants a pure, unadulterated, not even a flirt. I wouldn't want my wife flirting with some other man, other vine. And when you go to listening to any kind of reasons beyond that word, you're listening. You're flirting with Satan. Amen. Don't it make you feel religious? God wants you to stay unadulterated. Stay right there with that word. Stay right with it. All right. Galatians 2:20 says this, "I am crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live, yet not I, but Christ liveth in me. And the life which I now live in the flesh, I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me." Philippians 1:20. I'm just reading these real quick here. I don't know. I don't have too much more time. Philippians 1:20 says, "According to my earnest expectation and my hope that in nothing I shall be ashamed, but that with all boldness, as always, so now also Christ shall be magnified in my body." Whose body? What is your body? His. whether it be by life or by death. For to me to live is Christ and to die is gain. Amen. She the coming back to the bride, I mean the Mary and also I say to the bride, she didn't question. She didn't reason. She just took God at his word and went along rejoicing. Don't question. If God said so, that settles it. That's all. That's that settles it. If God said so, that makes it right. Now, he's the final voice. Other words, the absolute, the amen, the ultimate. He's the final voice on all authority. He has all authority of everything. God has the supreme authority. Amen. Amen. But faith takes its eternal resting place upon the word of the Lord. Where does faith rest? Faith takes its resting place on the word of the Lord upon God's word which is the Bible. When a for faith now watch for faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. So faith takes its resting place on the word. That faith is the substance. And when real faith When real faith takes a hold in the heart, it's not intellectual. When real faith takes a hold in the heart, it's not intellectual. It's not reason no more. It's real substance. It's the spirit of God witnessing through you. See, it's something you know. It's not something you hope. It's not something you imagine. It's what you know. It's a revelation. It's the spirit of God witnessing through you. God's word is true. It's the spirit of God witnessing through you. When real faith takes a hold in your heart, it's the spirit of God witnessing through you. It's not an intellectual. It's not reasoning, not figuring out anything. It's substance becomes real. You know it. It's the evidence of what he promised is yours. You'll go right on thanking him. It doesn't matter how long what it is, how many ifs and ants and and whatever may come up and how many disagree. You already have it. All right. So, that's all there is to it. That's God's word. Now, he said, "Witnessing through you, God's word is true. I'll I stay right with it. Yes, sir. And that brings the results. Faith finds the word. It's sanctuary of rest. That's right. Faith finds the word. I don't care. Look at the promise. Look at what God said. You'll say, "Amen." Faith will say, "Amen." It won't add. He said it moves right up to the top of that eternal rock. Christ Jesus the word lays down there and rests. Let the winds howl. Let the storm shake. She is safe ever more. She rests right there on that word. That's where faith, genuine Christian faith rests. You begin to believe God's word like that and you're going to be un misunderstood. You're going to be called all kinds of names because you're basing your faith on something you don't know how to explain. You're basing and I'm God said so and that settles it. You can't scientifically prove it. There's nothing you can feel about it. There's nothing. It's God said so. At your word, Lord, at your word. This is what God's expecting. This is what God will have. This is what God is looking for. the part of him to take him at his word. Completely submit yourself to the word. All right. Goes on to say, "That's where faith, genuine Christian faith rests is in the word. For it knows God will prove himself superior over every one of his enemies. No matter how bad it looks, how many enemies have come in, how look like you're defeated, faith still knows. There you are. Faith still knows. And you shall know the truth. Know it. And the truth will make you free. You shall know the truth. Isn't it nice? Feel how wonderful it is to know the truth. To have that revealed to you. It's just it's just not setting their letter. It's open to you. It's revealed to you. It's amen. No matter how bad it looks, see, faith still knows. Faith is already in looking out. Faith knows. Faith is already in looking out. Saying it's done. Saying it's done. Well, I don't see it done. How do you know it's done? I don't feel it. I don't I don't see it. I'm not focused on the things temporal, but on the eternal. See, that's faith. That's where faith takes its resting place. For it knows that God will never, never let the enemy ride over the top of him. He never has. Faith knows that. Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. You can't reason. I can't prove how it'll be done. I don't know how it's going to be done. God said to Abraham, "Your wife Sarah shall have a son. I don't know how it's going to be done." You said it would be done. Take your son up there and kill it. I don't know why I've got to do that. God said to how many is willing to take him at his word you always and I'm just including every one of us we're human we're always wanting to put our reasoning into it that's Satan's doing he never said to do that he said take me at my word at my word. Look at Peter said you. Why Lord? He said cast your net for the drought. Why Lord? We fished all night. I'm a fisherman. I know there's no fish there. But but but he come to himself finally at thy word. I'll let down the net. And when he took him at his word, what happened? The word was manifested. Amen. How? What's going to happen when the word bride takes God in his word? You'll see Christ made manifest just as he said he would in this hour just as he promised he would. Amen. All right. Faith knows that faith is the substance. I don't know how it's going to be. I don't know it, but I believe it. I know it's so because God said so. That's settled. Matthew 26. I'm not too far from being finished here now. Matthew 26. We said at the beginning, it's either my will or his will. He's given us his will. His will is his word. We'll take verse 39. He went to the garden of Gethsemane. He took with him three witnesses. So the 39th verse, and he went a little further and fell on his face and prayed. Now he had a desire, brother, sister. He knew what he was facing. He had a desire. He did not want to leave his brethren. He had a desire to be with his brethren. And really the garden of Gethsemane is where victory was won. Right there. Where were you then? That's it. That's it. You won the victory right there in him. He got the victory for you. He had victory over his own desire. Yes. Amen. Oh God. And he went a little further and fell on his face and prayed, saying, "Oh my father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me. Nevertheless, not as I will. Nevertheless, not as I will, but as thou wilt." Then verse 43. Verse 42, excuse me. He went again the second time and prayed. Said, "Oh father, my father, if this cup may not pass away from me except I drink it, thy will be done." And he prayed the third time, saying the same words. in the garden. Would Jesus do what he wanted to do? His desire to stay with his brethren or what God wanted him to do. Now, you're faced with that every single day. We are faced with the same thing. We have an enemy and the battleground. You are the battleground right here. There's where the battle's fought. There's where the battles won or lost at that moment. I don't mean lost eternally. Amen. But what did Jesus say to do? He said to them all, "If any man will come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross once a year. Daily. daily. We're fighting a battle and that battle is self. That battle is your own reasoning, your own feelings. You have a great enemy. I know who my enemy is. And it's not you all. It's not somebody else. It's not a denomination out here. It's this old man called David. That's my enemy. But what are we going to do with that enemy? Deny it. What are you going to do when you deny it? Take God at his word. All right. In the garden, his desire was to stay with his brethren. But he said, "Nevertheless, not my will." He surrendered to the will of his father and got victory over his desire. Then let him deny himself. If you want to come after me, follow me. Let him deny himself. Take up his cross daily and follow me. Not my will but thine. What is his will? His word. Then Lord at thy word. We're facing that every day. And it's getting the battle is getting hotter and heavier. Why? Because we're gaining more victory. Is that right? We're gaining We're coming to victory. Yeah. Total victory. Complete victory. A body change. Amen. And God won't take him until that bride will be a total committed bride surrendered to him. Amen. That's what he's looking for. All right. Now, God's looking Now, this I'm just coming right down here. God is looking for the other part of himself. That's his bride. God is looking for the other part of himself. His bride, his body, himself in another form. He's looking for that other part of himself to believe his word. If you want to know what God is looking for and expecting is for you to believe his word. Lay down yourself as he laid down himself for his wife and gave himself for it. And the wife, what'd she do? She submitted herself to the word. He submitted himself and gave himself up. Not for his desire. He laid down his own selfish desire, gave honor to the wife as a weaker vessel. Amen. He said, "My grace is sufficient for thee. For my strength is made perfect in weakness." Amen. All right. Amen. So he says here, God is looking for that part himself to believe his word. Will I will I have a bride that will surrender herself to me completely? God asking that question. Will I have a bride that will surrender herself to me completely? The answer is yes. And I'll come to that in just a moment as I close here. He is come in the form of his bride. Now, now watch. He said, "And he has no hands but ours, no eyes but ours, no ears but ours, no tongue but ours. So let let him have everything. Let's let him have everything." Amen. The secret of this is submitting yourself with godly love into the hands of a loving father andor husband and letting him take you over. That's all. Watch what is said here. Letting him take you over. That's all. See, I don't have to do anything else. No. Let him take you over. Amen. Submit yourself. Where can you look for any deliverance? God has only one provided way. Amen. It's not your It's not your good works. You can't do enough good works. It's for you to take God at his word. Surrendering yourself to the word. Will she or will I give myself to him in total surrender? What's it all coming down to? That's what it's all coming down to is this him having total headship and preeminence of me and you. It's what it's all coming down to is him having total preeminence over me and you. Oh, we want to get in the way and we find ourselves that's happening every day. But God, keep taking us through your filter. Keep bringing us through trials and tests. We're learning the character. He learned obedience by the things he had to suffer. Obedient to what? The word. How are we going to come any other way? Amen. So, let's let's from right here tonight fully, completely say, "Lord, I give over to you." We've said it. We've said it over and over again. Amen. Amen. Let it come to it. I had it place. Yeah. Where I am totally Lord. These are your hands. These are your eyes, your ears, your face, your mouth, your spirit. Everything at your word, Lord. At your word. You do what you want to do. Whether I understand what you're doing or not. I don't have to know whether I understand. I'm going to follow you. You're leading me and I'm submitting myself to you. You do the leading. I'll just follow. Amen. How's he leading us? By the word. Will I find faith? He said in Luke 18:8, "Will I find faith when I come?" The church in Christ's mystery God revealed. The church is the blood of Christ. What is that blood of Christ? Perfect blood, royal blood. Is that right? The church is the blood of Christ by the spirit because the life is in the blood. The baptism of the Holy Ghost by that spirit that baptizes us into his body that recognizes only his body. What's his body? It's a revelation. She knows it. It's a revelation. She knows it. Eve So did Eve know it. But she fell. But this one, now I'm telling you, will I find faith? Will I have a bride surrender to me completely? Watch your answer. This one, the bride, the bride knows it and won't fall. She's ordained. Hallelujah. Brother Bam said she is ordained not to fall. She won't fail. She is predestinated to it. So Lord, take me through your word. Take me through your filter. Take out everything that's unlike you. I want to come to that complete dependency. I don't care how unusual. I don't care how radical it is. care how un unreasonable it looks. When I know that he's my head and I've given it to him, what difference does it make? He's leading me. He has preeminence. Now watch this. Faith that we are living by is not a faith but a perfect faith. And so a perfect faith built up in here in the soul. Watch a perfect God with a perfect heart keep a perfect promise by his perfect word which is sharper than a two-edged sword and a discerner of the thoughts of the heart. What? We're coming now to the perfection. That perfection is maturity. We're coming now to perfection because the people has got to come to this in order for the rapture. It means a lot of shaving down for me. It means a lot for you. But together we'll make it by the grace of God. Amen. There you go. Let's take God at his word. Yeah, you're in a battle. I'm in a battle. But the battle is the Lord's. Let's give it to him. Let's deny yourself. Give him preeminence. Give him place. Giving him his rightful place over his body. Yes, he has a bride that is taking him at his word. I believe that with all my heart. And she's coming further and further, very close to maturity now. So be it unto me according to thy word. Are you one of them? Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, thou know us this little message, Lord. And maybe I didn't do just exactly justice to it, but Lord, I believe it. I just expect you to take what was in your heart have given through me that hath thy word. So be it unto me according to thy word for me to live as Christ. That's my heart's desire. That's my ambition. I'm not stopping. I don't want to stop. I don't want to get slow. I don't want to come to a standstill. Lord, let me complete and fulfill everything that you purposed for me to do. Your word is my absolute. Your word is my amen. Forgive me and forgive us for we've for where we've reasoned compromised with the word. [Music] Lord, let us realize your word is pure. Help us, Lord. At thy word, Lord. At thy word, what you've whatever you have called me to do, what you want me to feed on, where you want me to go, at thy word you said you'd lead me. He that is faithful is he that called you, who also will do it. And he that began a good work in you will have finished it. Then Lord at thy [Music] word. Oh father let it go deep in the heart of the people. I commit this to you in the name of the Lord Jesus for your glory. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that song again. And I'm one of the few. Are you one of the few? There's just a few that are going to take God at his word. All the word. Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God. Oh, I'm one of the few. One of the few. And by faith in God's word, I can claim it. Though the way may seem long, all the opposition strong for the bride, there's a way provided. If I plan to go through, just to hope will not do, I must be firmly decided to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the few. You know what, brother, sister? We've got to be firmly decided. Are you firmly decided to go all the way? Are we firmly decided to run the race the way he said to run it at thy word, Lord? Are we determined to not quit? No matter where the pressure, how much pressure there is. We're not going to quit. We're going all the way in. Amen. How are we going to do that? By faith in his word. I am one of the few. One of the few. And by faith in God's word, I can claim it. Though the way may seem long, though the opposition strong, for the bride, there's a way. provided if I plan to go through just to hope will not do I must be firmly decided to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe I am one of the few. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's keep pressing. Press the battle. How? The word's given us the victory. So why not press it? Press on, right? Press on. Walk with God. Amen. You know the Bible said, "If I if we live in the spirit, we'll not fulfill the lust of the flesh. But if we live in the spirit, let us also walk in the spirit." Paul said in the 25th verse, "If we live in the spirit, let us also be in action with the word. Take God at his word. Stand on it. Go to acting by what you believe. You'll get what you believe." Isn't that wonderful? You'll get what you believe. That's right. If you want to believe your senses, you'll get them. You'll get the what your senses believe. Hello. But if you believe the word, you're going to get what the word says. Amen. Amen. I want to sing one more song. The move is on. Do you believe the move is on today for the bride? Brother Brandham said, "It's thus sayeth the Lord. The move is on." He said, "So, let's move up. We're not going to settle down." I mean, Brother Jason preached a message. I didn't I haven't heard it yet. I wasn't there because Diane was taken to the hospital. an emergency and she's fine. God healed her. That's right. Amen. Hallelujah. That's exactly what he did. They couldn't find a thing wrong with her. And it just God just took care of it. Yeah. Amen. And we just we just realized kind of what it was. They didn't say what it was, but realized it probably a rib out of place and and extreme pain. So, we just called on Satan to leave the rib. And he did. left that joint right there. Amen. God's good. Amen. But he said the move is on. So let's move onward. Walk with God. And move while we're moving, what did what did Enoch do? He stepped a little higher. Was a little higher. How'd he do that? He walked with God. He walked with the word. The move is Oh, wait. The move is on, my Lord. The move is on. The move is on, my lord, the move is on. Oh, I can hear the rustle in the mberry trees. And I know, I know, I know the move is on. And do you know that? Move on, brother. Move on, sister. This is the moving day. This is the bride day. Sea time. Move a little closer where the streams are flowing. Move on, brother. Move on. The move is on. My Lord, the move is on. Move is on, my lord. The move is on. Well, I can hear the rustle in the mberry trees and I know I know I know the move is on. Do you believe that? Do you believe that tonight? Do you know? Do you know? Do you know the move is on? Let's move up then. Let's not stand still. You can't be still. You're either moving forward or you're going back. That's right. Amen. Amen. The only thing you stand still for is take God at his word and then be still. Amen. But when you do that, you're moving. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Let's expect Let's not Let's not live for God on a Wednesday, Sundays, okay? Let's live for God every day. Let's take his word every day. Amen. And let him prepare. Let's let's get in the spirit on the Lord's day. Oh, by the way, man's day is passed. That's right. Brother Brandham said, "Lennial age was man's day." Amen. But we're not We have come out of Leodysia. The bride's come out. We're not in man's day. We're in the day of the Lord. This is the Lord's day. John was in the spirit on the Lord's day. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, let's go higher. Let's continue to walk with God. God bless you. You can be dismissed. [Music]
