################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-02 - April 2, 2025 - In Preparation -Bro. Paul Haylett - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-02
Title:    April 2, 2025 - "In Preparation" -Bro. Paul Haylett
Speaker:  Paul Haylett
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 24m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1B2ysaU5Yp4
========================================

Description:
Bro Paul Haylett
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] Having no burdens to bear. Wely singing with heart bells all ringing. Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Won't it be wonderful there? Having no burdens to bear, joyously singing with heartbells all ringing. Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Amen. Did you get my text, Ivan? Okay. Sorry. I knew I knew the screen was going to do that. We had some bugs before service that we had to squash. So, amen. It's good to be here tonight. Amen. God bless each one of you. I'd like to start with um number 276. I just came to glorify. Believe that's why we're here this evening. Amen. I just came to glorify glorify your name. I just came to glorify glorify your name. There's no sweeter name I know. I'll tell it. I'll tell it wherever I go. I came to glorify glorify your name. I just want to glorify glorify your name. I just want to glorify glorify your name. There's no sweeter name I know. I'll tell it. I'll tell it wherever I go. I came to glorify glorify your name and I just came to glorify glorify your name. But I just came to glorify glorify your name. There's no sweeter name I know. I'll tell it. I'll tell it wherever I go. I came to glorify glorify your name. Amen. I didn't write that number down, Ivan, but uh justified. I was sitting alone and wondering about what I'm supposed to do. I can't deny the times I've made mistakes. I've met from him. He knew. But I know that deep within my soul I feel sorry. honest I do. So I just cry and say forgive me Lord. Forgive me Lord. Will you [Music] justify? Justified. I have not done it in the first place. Justified. [Music] Justified. Justified. Have not done it in the first place. You justify. He looked at your perfect picture without spot or a wrinkle. He didn't look at you where you are now. He looked from eternity. He said, "You just trapped in that body. You bypassed your theophony. You have not done it in the first place. You justified. [Music] Justified. Justified. You have not done it in the first place. You're justified. Justified. Justified. You have not done it in the first place. You're justified. Amen. Amen. Amen. Number uh number 570. Jesus paid it all. [Music] Start with the chorus. I can't get the tune for some reason. Jesus paid it all. All to him I own. Sin had left a crimson stain. He washed it white as snow. I hear the Savior say, "Thy strength indeed is small. Child of weakness, watch and pray. Find in me thine all in all." [Music] Jesus paid it all. All to him I own. Sin had left a crimson stain. He washed it white as snow. [Music] Lord now find thy power and thine alone can wash my garments white in the blood of Calvar's lamb. Jesus paid it all. All to him I own. Sin had left a crimson stain. He washed it white as snow. Jesus paid it all. All to him I own. Sin had left a crimson stain. He washed it white as snow. Amen. Amen. Let's just stand. I did like to sing um some reason just before I got into service, blessed assurance came on my heart and I feel like singing that tonight. Amen. Jesus is mine. Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine. Amen. [Music] Blessed asssurance, Jesus is mine. Oh, what a for taste of glory divine. There of salvation, purchase of God, born of his spirit. I'm washed in his blood. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day [Music] long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my [Music] Savior all the day long. Perfect submission, perfect delight. Visions of rapture now burst on my side. Angels descending bring from above. Echoes of mercy and whispers of love. This is my story. This is my [Music] song. Praising my Savior. All the day long. This is my story. This is my song. [Music] Praising my Savior all the day long. Perfect submission, all is at rest. I in my Savior am happy and blessed. watching and waiting. Looking above with his goodness and lost in his love. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day [Music] long. Amen. Amen. And we got a number of prayer requests this evening here. Um criticis are just asking if we can uh pray for little Phillip. He has a fever. Amen. Amen. Um, also remember little Charlie Dingwall. Um, he passed his heart test, so he's a step closer to going home finally. So, um, Amen. We're just thankful the Lord's just touching that little little one. Amen. Want to hold up our brother Gideon, Daniel, and the uh Trevor and Carrie tonight. who are here. Um, brother David Dash asking here to please pray for safe and fast recovery for an accountant friend named Zoe. Uh, she was in a car accident, woke up a few days later uh being in a coma. Um, so she'll be in therapy for a bit. Amen. Also asking for the Lord's leadership for some changes in his life and ministry. Amen. And so Lord, just hold him up this evening. Amen. The others that aren't here with us tonight. Amen. The Dean hearts, the different ones. Amen. Just remember each one tonight. Let's just bow our [Music] heads. Gracious heavenly father, we come before you tonight again, Lord. Lord, just thankful, just honored to be here, Lord Jesus. Lord, we thank you for your grace, your love, and your mercy unto us, Lord God. and Lord for the breath of life we had within us this morning to rise Lord Lord Jesus for the burning in our hearts to serve you Lord God thank you for these things Lord and as we've come here to together tonight Lord this little group Lord Jesus I just pray for each one that has their hands lifted up this evening Lord God and each request we've said tonight Lord God the different ones the little Phillip Lord Jesus just pray you'd touch him and little Charlie Lord God, just thinking a little Charlie, Lord God, what a rough way to start start life, Lord Jesus. But Lord, just knowing that one day believing, Lord God, these different ones come to meet you, Lord Jesus. Just praise you. Raise them up for you, Lord God. We pray. And Lord, for the ones that aren't here tonight, Lord, and this accountant, friend, Lord Jesus, just each one of them, whatever they have need of in their lives, Lord Jesus, you know the situation. You know the story, Lord God. Lord, and we know what your word says about it. And we commit that unto you, Lord Jesus, knowing what you've said about it. And we give you thanks, Lord Jesus, for the outcome because we know it'll be exactly as it's supposed to be. And Lord Jesus, for my brother David, my dad, Lord, just pray you just be his lead, be his guide, Lord Jesus. Give him wisdom in the situation. Lord Jesus, may you just says the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord. So we just commit that into your hands knowing Lord God that you've got it all in your h under your control Lord Jesus. So tonight as we've come together Lord God each one that's here tonight Lord. I pray the preaching of your word would speak to each life and each heart. May we just grow closer to you this evening Lord Jesus. May we leave here with our light shining a little brighter for Christ tonight. Lord, may we as we leave tonight, Lord, we could say surely the presence of the Lord was in this place. So we ask these things in your name, Lord. We dedicate this service and this time into your hands. We love you, Lord Jesus, and just pray that it would be pleasing unto you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. I believe we have a special tonight. [Music] stuff this weekend. was supposed to say something and um times [Music] uh looks like it's I'm not sure what my wife text me. I'll I'll have her send out a uh I don't I can't read that. So um I'll have her send out something and we'll send out something to group so everybody knows the times for that. So, amen. [Music] Though my life on earth may never be a spectacle to see, honored as a great man, no, I never thought I'd be. It really doesn't matter till at the end I stand. only ever always Lord. My life is in your hands. It's only ever always Lord I give myself to thee. It's only ever always Lord throughout eternity. It's only ever always Lord till at the end I stand. and only ever always. Lord, my life is in your hands. Defeat is turned to victory and shame to honor there. And standing in your presence, Lord, a child from earth you spare. The crushing pain, the awful shame that at the cross you bore. It's only ever always, Lord. This life I live is yours. It's only ever always, Lord. I give myself to thee. It's only, ever, always, Lord. Throughout eternity, it's only, ever, always, Lord, till at the end I stand. and only ever always. Lord, my life is in your hands. Now returning back to us the veil you've rent apart to captivate and captivate our hearts. As Enoch walked, now we shall walk from this world away. and only ever always Lord. With you I'll ever stay. Yes. It's only ever always Lord I give myself to thee. It's only ever always Lord throughout eternity. It's only ever always Lord till at the end I stand. only ever always Lord my life is in your hand. It's only ever always Lord I give myself to thee. It's only ever always Lord throughout eternity. It's only ever always Lord till at the end I stand. only ever always. Lord, my life is in your hands. Amen. Amen. My life is in your hands. It's all we can do is dedicate our life into his hands. He's said he's got a way for us. He's got a plan for us. Praise the Lord. Amen. As we get ready to change the order of the service tonight, I'd like to sing that little chorus. Um, let's see here. Number 348, Just Beyond the Veil. [Music] Just beyond the veil, I long to see your face. Just to see your beauty there, just beyond the veil. And you're the prince of peace. You're the prince of peace. You're the prince of peace. You are. You're the prince of peace. Be beautiful. You are. Beautiful you are. Beautiful you are. You are beautiful. You are just beyond the [Music] veil. I long to see your face. Just to see your beauty there just beyond the veil. Beautiful you are. Beautiful you are. Beautiful you are. You are beautiful. You are just beyond the veil. I long to see your face. Just to see your beauty there just beyond the [Music] veil. Just have to say amen. Much louder. Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord tonight though. God is so good to us. He never said that the numbers would matter. Just the reference of two or three. So that gets down to where just almost the smallest of u handful. He said he'd be here. And I thank the Lord for that. Amen. We want to remember that after the Sunday service there will be a potluck here at the church and uh also there's going to be uh those traveling we want to definitely lift them up in prayer uh and uh also prayers for our brother Rap uh as he will be flying uh Friday afternoon arriving here in Boisey fairly late. We just want the Lord just give him traveling mercies and uh bless his family as he's away from them. Amen. I want to speak to you for a few minutes tonight on the topic of in preparation and uh I have some other words. Thank you. God bless you. Appreciate the musicians song leading. Amen. Uh we have to just look what we're in preparation for and and we won't go into it tonight. I don't know exactly how this will unfold, but you know, the Lord is preparing us uh for peace, but he's also preparing us for war. And um so if we would just stand for the reading of the word, turn in our Bibles to Proverbs 16th chapter, verses 1-9. And um I just uh trust tonight that there'll be a little something just blesses your heart. Amen. Proverbs 16:es 1-9. The preparations of the heart in man, and the answer of the tongue is from the Lord. Always all the ways of a man are clean in his own eyes, but the Lord wayth the spirits. Commit thy works unto the Lord, and thy thoughts shall be established. The Lord hath made all things for himself. Yay, even the wicked for the day of evil. Everyone that is proud in heart in his abomination to the Lord, though hand join in hand, he shall not be unpunished. By mercy and truth, iniquity is purged. And by fear of the Lord, men depart from evil. When a man's ways please the Lord, he maketh even his enemies to be at peace with him. Better is a little with righteousness than great revenue without right. A man's heart deiseth his way, but the Lord directth his steps. Lord, we just ask for your blessing upon the word tonight. Bless each and everyone, those not here, those Lord that are here. Father, touch each heart. We pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. Yeah. I just find this scripture here in Proverbs to be uh such a a a interesting and beautiful bit of of um scripture like verse three, commit thy works unto the Lord and thy thoughts shall be established. And you know, sometimes I think that it's without a a 100% conviction that our thoughts uh sometimes just become very difficult. They're kind of scrambled, you might say. And and sometimes we got to just stop and say, "Lord, this is the day that you have given. This is the day that you called me to live in." And uh Lord, I want this day to be a day that brings glory to you. I don't want it to be a a day that I would can't wait for the sun to go down. And I'm sure each one of us has probably had a day like that, uh we just kind of wish that it would be over. But uh if we just commit ourselves, uh to the Lord and let our thoughts be established. Amen. Because you see, we're here to serve God. The whole reason and purpose of being that we have is that not not here just to live out some half-hearted life, but he's called us to live out the gospel, which is actually such a beautiful and glorious calling that he has placed upon us. It is not something to to be sore or loath, but to be able to say, "Thank you, Lord, for placing this in my heart, in my life." that I could uh I could desire to serve you. And we look at the world today, my brother and sister. It is there that uh I I I think that it's so interesting uh how that uh verse four uh is very clear he's made all things for himself, even the wicked for the day of evil. And you know sometimes it's just a little hard to grasp that that but God said you know um there's going to be those the righteous and and they are being judged by the word each and every day and there's the unrighteous and they will come to a time that they they don't even want to face judgment. It's a very common term in the time that we live in where people say hey the scripture says don't judge me. But that's because God called them to judge themselves. But they will not judge themselves and they will find the time will come that judgment will come upon them. Now we know we make plans and and u you know I don't usually like write them down but I I make a many plans looking out far into my future. And uh we make those plans but as the scripture says the the Lord is the director of those plans. So, you know, we should always include in in our plans when we express them, when we speak these things out, we really should take what the scripture said and always put Lord willing into our our uh vocabulary, into our conversation to basically say, Lord, it's what you would desire is what I would like to have take place. I I don't want to push into something uh that uh would would uh maybe materially bless me but yet find that I am ultimately out of the will of God. So I I encourage each and everyone that we would just put Lord willing into our conversation and uh then abide by that. If God opens a door uh you know step through that. If he closes a door don't pry it open. Amen. And you know, it's uh I I know that it's sometimes we just feel like, "Oh, surely this is what should happen." But it's not always that way. Amen. Sometimes the Lord, it's not even the wrong thing. It's just the wrong timing that is taking place. In Psalms 144:es 1-3, it says, "Blessed be the Lord, my strength, which teacheth my hands to war, and my fingers to fight, my goodness, and my fortress, my high tower, my deliverer, my shield, and he in whom I trust, who subdueth my people under me." Lord, what is man that thou takest knowledge of him? or the son of man that thou makest account of him. And we'll look at this and taking these first uh verse there. Uh we'll look at that the Lord is actually teaching you and I how to engage in warfare and uh it it not at this point here in the conversation but not not teaching us how to use a gun or a knife, a sword or a spear, but we're putting our hands to the word. We're putting our hands uh to the things of God. And it it is not u my brother and sister, as the scripture says, against flesh and blood, but it's against principalities and powers of darkness. And we're living in an hour that certainly as it comes to the culmination of the word uh for this age that we're seeing that that uh the enemy has become so clever. He has studied us for ages. And he knows just exactly how to come and and to anoint us to put circumstances in our way to to cause us to react in a certain fashion. But the Lord is teaching us. And we can say, well, I I I have fallen under that. I I've been anointed. I I've uh you know, got under a little spirit and and you know, I started to speak negative and I do these things. But you see what God's doing is slowly teaching us how to handle the word of God, how to dig in and how to fight correctly because it is not flesh and blood. It won't do any good to behave like flesh and blood, but to stand on the word of God because he is every bit of goodness. Verse two, that we have and he is our fortress, our high tower, and he is our deliverer. Without him, my brother and sister, Satan would overcome us. But he, the word in us, we shall prevail. Can someone agree with me tonight? Amen. Now, we're looking as we would look into the world news today uh or any of these recent days. And the world news is telling of all these nations that are working in preparing for war. And uh we're we're seeing nations that that have not really thought about war since uh World War II. They haven't really focused on that. They've let their infrastructure fall down. They're doing and suddenly they're realizing my the the dark clouds of war are on the horizon and and they're deciding to to prepare for that. Uh just read a little article u you know where they're they're going into uh um the the uh uh security of their of their military might you might say and they're moving it inside the tunnels under the rocks out of sight because they're afraid of this. And you see what's happened. Maybe not to us here so much, but the eyes of the world are focused on this global superpowers and what they're doing and and what is China doing and what is is Russia and what's the United States and what are they all doing. But remember, they are already prophesied of what they are. So our preparation as sons and daughters of God does not have to do with steel and concrete and tunnels and refuge is in the rock. But our refuge is in Jesus Christ. And and our preparation is in Jesus Christ. And and the superpowers, they're prophesied to do what they're prophesied to do. And my brother and sister, we are standing here today. Uh we are looking and we're seeing these things, these prophecies coming to pass. And uh you know the superpowers, yes, the world is you might say shaking. Uh China having such a navy and a force completely putting a force surrounding in a great circle around Taiwan and sending the message to them anytime we please. And so it's there that that there's this confrontation taking place. But while they're looking at the natural, God's called you and I to look to the spiritual. He's called you and I to come and and to realize that Satan is the economy might affect you, but we weren't called to worry about the natural side of it. Satan is attacking in the spiritual realm, my brother and sister. And and we look at this and see how that Job Job was there living for the Lord. Amen. God spoke these words over Job that we know exactly what God thought about him. He thought he was a perfect man, but he allowed this and these things took place and and the attack on Job starts in the flesh. And then in the flesh realm when it is under it's being buffeted it's under such a burden that then it's the good friends the fellow church member you might say that come and started to come into the spiritual side and trying to imply that Job must have done something wrong to to be in such a a situation. But my brother and sister God is not making he heals us. Amen. He he protects us, but he is not making concession to preserve our flesh. He's not saying, you know what, I I need to keep them all, you know, a handful of vitamins and and all of this to never allow these things, you know, to to touch them, never catch a cold or the flu. He He's not looking at the flesh in that sense, but it's the spiritual center. That's what God is looking to. And he's looking at your spiritual center, my spiritual center tonight. That's what he's really putting. The scripture doesn't even give real solid evidence or reference to what this body is worth. But remember what the prophet said. He brought it out in clarity that our bodies were worth. It varied over time because of the elements. But my brother and sister be hardpressed even with inflation to get more than five bucks out of a body. Amen. So not much value there. I mean we we pamper these do bodies pretty good or try to anyway, you know, and we we we think a lot of our body, but you know, Satan will attack our physical being, but it's not his goal. He's not here to attack our physical side, but he is here, his preparation is to bring you in a physical realm where you feel betrayed, let down, you feel discouraged, you feel unable, and then he starts to work onto the spiritual realm, the spiritual center. You know, brother Brandham, once again, I say emphasize what this flesh is worth. But you know, my brother and sister, while it looks like Satan is is attacking our flesh, his attack is veiled in the spiritual realm. He's attacking the soul. There's where the value is. That's the only place that you and I have intrinsic value tonight. An organic value that is there is we are sons and daughters of God. And the word of God said that one soul's worth 10,000 worlds. And if one body is only worth a few bucks, my brother and sister, it's not even in the same chart, the same comparison. So the word is showing us this intrinsic value of who we are. And Satan wants to come and buffet us. And and I I know we're probably quiet tonight, but that's fine. But I can assure you that the times that you felt as though that you were a failure as a Christian, that was not God. That's not the Holy Spirit trying to move upon you to let you know that you are failure. And that is Satan attacking you in that realm to get you to a place that you uh then lower your guard because you feel like you are valueless. But God never took away his word and his word said your soul is worth 10,000 worlds. And so if God put it in print, you know, there's many things, you know, as brother Brandham an example, you know, they were they were saying uh about baptismal Holy Ghost and some of these other things. And and you know, they said, "Well, we're not living uh under these things. We're now under grace and we're moved on." And brother Brandham's comment to them was, "I uh I can show you where God put it in. Can you show me where he took it out?" And so we look at that and realize that Satan is very clever to try to get us to come to the place that it isn't the devil actually eliminating this from our lives, but it is us allowing ourselves to decrease the value to come. And that is not the preparation that God has for sons and daughters of God to a rapture. He's not looking for us to come to the rapture as beggars. He is not looking at us to come as weaklings, as uh sissies. We're to come here uh boldly before the throne of God. Which means that we have to hold to the word of God. Our part of our preparation is not how spiritual we can get, but how that we can embrace the word and claim the word and not move from that. Now remember the story brother Brandham tells about the the uh the road and the chariots and one boasting how close he can drive to the edge. He can just run his tire of his chariot right down that edge. Another one says, "Oh, over here against the wall. I can drive with this just mere inches of the wall at a full gallop." And one of the young men says, "Hey, I like to stay just right in the center." My brother and sister, that wasn't just a story about horses and chariots and bravery. That was a story. That was a principle laid out to stay in the center of the road and and not flirt with the the adrenaline rush as it were be of being next to the cliff or next to the wall. But we have to realize that the word has come as an intrinsic value to you and I. In other words, an organic very present useful. Amen. That is what the word is to you and I today. And so everything around us today, whether it's from our music, our clothes, attitudes, all of these things, Satan is using things there to try to cause us to pull back from what the word has already placed in our life and and placed in the doctrines, the gospel, the message of the hour. My brother and sister, let's not let the message of the hour turn into a cliche, but let it be what our life actually is reflected by. And it's there that we look at that every time that something comes up against these things. Satan is not worried. He doesn't care. Now, pardon me from saying it this way. Satan doesn't really care. Amen. How well we look. What he cares about is not even what we declare I believe this. What he cares about is how fervent you hold to what you claim you believe. And we we don't want to come to a place that we just hold it as just a a a little something out there that this is what we believe. This is the way I was raised. Uh uh you know it's not just like well you know our family this is who we are. my brother and sister, that's really not what it is. That that's irrelevant. It all comes down to. Now, look how Satan's veiled attack on the bride of Christ. I just was in a conversation with a fellow minister. He's from back east and um you know, he was telling me, he said, "I I uh we have a situation in our area. uh a lot of people who don't believe in ministry, they they want to just listen to tapes and and uh the only reason they listen to our church services is to find something to criticize. And my brother and sister, these kind of attacks uh are are really uh we should be able to come to a place we say, you know what, that's illrelevant. I don't care what they say about me. Because if we are centered in the word, if we are centered in this message, then they're not really attacking you and I. You know, it's a if they're calling you a holy roller that what would they called Jesus Christ? Amen. What would they have actually in this day and age called the prophet if they think that we are holding to these things? But it's there that it ultimately comes down to Satan is attacking the word and the word is in you. So don't get confused that they're attacking you. They're actually attacking the word. Now, they won't say they don't believe it. They just attack it by scripture, by interpretation, by reputation. But ultimately, the real truth of it is they're attacking the word. Don't take it personal. Don't let Satan get under your skin about this because the word in you is what is directing you. It is not man's opinion. It's not even a church opinion, not a pastor opinion, my brother and sister. The only opinion that matters is that we can stand before our Lord Jesus one day and he says, "Well done, my good and faithful servant." We're not going to look back and say, "Oh, this makes this feel better and that feels better." That is the ultimate culmination of what we are searching for is to hear his voice say, "Well done, my good and faithful servant." Amen. Let's uh turn into Greatest Battle Ever Fought. Um very short quote here, but I thought it was very good. Greatest battle ever fought. Brother Brandham says this. See his attack. Watch. Listen close. This closing. His attack is what? Disbelieve God's word. So that's all Satan's attack is actually about is to just get you to disbelieve. He's not really caring about the collateral damage as it were. It's just if he can get you to disbelieve God's word. That's his attack there. Can you see the greatest battle was ever fought? There's only two forces, Satan and God. What is Satan's weapon against you? Is to try to get you to disbelieve your weapon. Now, if we will recognize this, what is being brought right here, our weapon is the word. So, if we get to the place that we don't trust the word, then Satan has got us to disbelieve his weapon. He disarms you. Let's listen real quiet now. Listen. If he can get you to disbelieve your weapon is equivalent, if he gets you to believe that your weapon is not strong enough, he has disarmed you. Now this is a quotation my brother and sister that is of of a me another man's comment. He makes this statement and he says they won't out and out say they don't believe. They just say we disagree. How can we disagree with the word? It's nothing less than unbelief. They have come to the place they have no confidence in their weapon. And that's what Satan desires to do. I want to read part of this quote again. Is to try to get you to disbelieve your weapon. He disarms you. Let's listen real quiet now. Listen. If he can get you to disbelieve your weapon is equivalent. If he gets you to believe that your weapon is not strong enough, he has disarmed you. So, we see how subtile Satan is to come and get people to come and say, "I question what the prophet said here. I disagree with how he put it here. And I I think that he put it too strongly here. You see what he's doing is he's convincing them that their weapon is not equal to or adequate. And when that happens, he's disarmed them. My brother and sister, there is where Satan coming so clever that he is coming in in any way that he can come in and uh it would be there that that if he can just get us to start doubting little things then we will find we have no confidence at all. Let's turn Ephesians the 6th chapter verses 10- 18. So you see here in Ephesians what this is is how that we can fight against uh Satan trying to disarm us trying to come in so subtly to cause us to question to think that the message is not sufficient. Uh this is this is where we come back to and and we'll find that it is the word. See, we don't have to go somewhere else into someone else's reference or quotes or whatever it it is the word. Ephesians 6:10-18. Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might. Now, if we think the message has come to a place that it's powerless, then we'll find right here that we are not holding in the power or confidence in the power of his might. put on the whole armor of God that ye may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. So Satan's preparation that he's been preparing for several thousand years is to bring people to a place that the circumstance of their life disagrees with the word and they end up choosing their circumstance over the word. So you'll see that Satan's already accomplished the work when he does that. Put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God. Now, to take unto you is not to put it on a shelf. It is not to leave it in the armory room, but it is to have it with you surrounding you. You've put it on. It's become a part of you that you may be able to stand the evil day and have done all to stand. Stand therefore. Now, I know that there's a lot of history that shows a lot of days, a lot of time that was evil, but the whole word of God points that this day that we're living in, this time is the most deceptive of all ages. Is that not what the prophet taught us? And so it's there that as being one of the most deceptive times that it's there that we'll find that Satan having done all he can do will come to the point it won't be Satan that topples you or I will be the fact that we did not put on the whole armor. So it comes down to people say well the devil made me do it but my brother and sister the devil didn't do it. He just created an atmosphere in preparation for us to come to a place that we're not willing to do it. We're not willing to stand on the word. We're not really willing to embrace it wholeheartedly without reservation. And and so Satan, you know, I I think I've said this before. I think he's probably outside many churches crying because he's getting blamed for what the people did to themselves. That was a quiet response. Amen. You may be able to withstand in the evil day and having done all to stand done all to stand. Stand therefore having your loins gird about with the truth having on the breastplate of righteousness and your feet shaw with the preparation of the gospel of peace. So through these scriptures tonight, we've come up in two direct uh uh scriptures talking about preparation, my brother and sister. So if our feet are already shaw with the preparation of the gospel of peace, then we can then walk with confidence. It's this preparation that's going to bring you and I to the place that we can come boldly to the throne of God. We don't have to come and ask permission to come because our feet are already prepared to walk on holy ground. Amen. So if we have a burning bush in our life, my brother and sister, God's prepared us to that. Amen. Coming into his presence and its holiness. Amen. He's already prepared us to come into his presence. So we should not be coming and saying oh I need to make preparation now to be able to come into his presence. We have the opportunity already and should be prepared. Amen. With our feet shaw with the preparation of the gospel of peace above all taking the shield of faith wherewith you shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked. And boy I tell you his fiery darts can rain down on us. Amen. It takes more than just a human experience. It takes more than a superficial uh uh church experience or or religious experience to quench the fiery darts. Amen. And all the time we're seeing people are coming under influences. They're they're becoming disgruntled. They're uh offended. They're they're hurt by the things that's around. And yet they really, if they had been prepared, they would be prepared to quench those fiery darts. Amen. Take the helmet of salvation, the sword of the spirit, which is the word of God. And that sword in warfare means life or death. Without that sword, you cannot defend yourself. That's what Satan's trying to do. He's trying to turn this back into a benign book. People say, "But but but you know, Luther, my brother and sister, Luther only brought the people so far, and every age has brought the people a little further." And now we're at the age where as we look at the candlestick, it's turning back to darkness again because he's taking this and turning it once again into a benign book. Amen. praying always with all prayer and supplication in the spirit, watching there unto with all pers perseverance and supplication for all saints. You see, our preparation, my brother and sister, has come. God opened the word in our hour. He's brought us to a place that if we're willing to to sacrifice, enter into the word. Amen. Enter into the holiest of holies. Uh, and God's word is holy, my brother and sister. It's not something to be just tossed about, bantered about, to be turned into a comedy act or a a debate. And and uh what Satan can't defeat is the word. He cannot defeat the word. Not now, not ever. Amen. Never in the future. But if we ourselves will lay our preparation I is lukewarm then we will be laying down our sword which is represent to the word. Amen. We'll lay down our sword and then when the shout that the enemy is upon us comes we'll have no way to defend ourselves. Amen. But we stand. Let's make sure I just want this to be encouraging tonight. Let's make sure that we're digging into the word because that will be our own protection. That's what uh will keep us safe. Amen. In the day that we live in now Isaiah 54:17, I love this scripture because it is just very straightforward. No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment thou shalt condemn. This is the heritage of the servants of the Lord, and their righteousness is of me, saith the Lord. Let's be in preparation. Let's do what the word has asked us and apply the word. Apply it liberally. Don't let it just be a little here and there. And I'm speaking to myself. Sometimes we we get so busy in life that that we're really not giving the time that we should give. And let's let this be our season of preparation that we can come and be completely ready for the onslaught. My brother and sister, you know, the prophet of God uh all those years ago uh he says it a couple different times. He says, "There's nothing left but the coming of the Lord." And when you think about that, 1965, nothing left. My God's got grace. He's got mercy. And yet the word says he'll cut it short for you and I. Lord, help us, sister. Amen. I know I was going to say this is going to be a short service, but every time I do that, it malfunctions. So, I'm waiting till right now to tell you this is going to be a short service. Amen. You know, Brother David, come up here and grab a mic. I want to sing the song uh 776. Let your word be born. Amen. I know that. Do you know this song? Yeah. Go ahead and play. No, we're not going to make you unemployed. Um, does it matter which one of these mics? I don't know. There we go. Amen. Let's just stand. Hallelujah. [Music] Was a tiny simple stable all beaten and warm. Hardly a place for a king to be born. He didn't choose some place special to reveal his majesty. So I know if I give him control, he'll be born in me. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. Live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Well, outwardly I'm nothing, not much to behold, unlikely a place for his word to unfold. I just yield this vessel and let him have his way from glory unto glory. He'll change me day by [Music] day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. Live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Well, outwardly I'm nothing. Not much to behold. unlikely the place for his word to unfold. But if he'll just yield this vessel and let him have his way from glory unto glory, he'll change me day by day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. Live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. [Music] Hallelujah. Let's just sing that little song. Higher ground 543. Amen. Thank you, brother David. Appreciate that. He has such a beautiful song. I first heard that, Brother David, many, many years ago. And um [Music] Amen. pressing on the upward way. New heights I'm gaining every day. Praying as I'm onward. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's table land, a higher plane. Then I have found, Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. My heart has no desire to stay where doubts arise and fears dismay. Though some may dwell where these abound, my prayer, my aim is higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's stable land, a higher plane. Then I have found, Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. I want to live above the world. Though Satan's thoughts and me are heard or faith has called the joyful sound a song of the saints on high your ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand. My faith on heaven's table land, a higher plane than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. I want to scale the utmost high and catch a gleam of glory bright. But still I'll pray till heaven I found. Lord lead me onto higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's table land, a higher plane. Then I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. I want to scale the utmost high and catch a glee of glory bright. But still I'll pray till heaven I found. Lord lead me onto higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's table land a higher plane. Then I have found Lord plant my feet on higher ground. Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a little hand clap of praise. Lord, how we love you tonight. We thank you. Father, you're so gracious, so loving, so kind, so patient for us, Father. Lord, we just lift our hearts, our voices to say thank you. How we love you, Lord Jesus. How you've blessed us, Father. And we want to bless you with our praise, Lord. We just want to go out from this service tonight, Lord. Just be in the thought Lord the desire of preparation Lord the time is coming Father Lord the armies of the world are getting get ready for a great clash and Father Lord we know that Armageddon as it is is coming but that is not for your bride Lord we are here today to stand in your word and be prepared father as the prophet brought the little story Lord when the buck board drives up. Father, let us step from the porch right into that buck, be carried into your presence. Oh Lord, we thank you for the opportunity to serve you tonight, today, tomorrow, the days coming. Lord, help us. Give us a spirit of anticipation, of preparation, Lord, to be ready. Lord, not a foolish virgin still looking for oil, but Father, let our oil be filled and may we be ready. We ask this from the depths of our hearts in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Amen. God bless you saints. You are dismissed. [Music]
