################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - May 11, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett Persuaded - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-11
Title:   May 11, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett "Persuaded"
Speaker: Paul Haylett
Church:  Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93I30iBZbuI
========================================

Description:
Bro Paul Haylett
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. God bless you this morning. Good to be here. Hallelujah. Mother's Day. All you mothers out there, mothers to be. Amen. Glad to have you. We love each one of you. Amen. Well, I feel exhausted this morning under the sun and doing things yesterday, but I was telling brother Paul, I said my body feels tired, but like I have a lot of like deep down inside. So hopefully you got that same that same energy. Amen. Believe it's the life of Christ within us. Amen. Amen. I'd like to start. This song's been on my mind the last week. The lifeboat. Cheer, my brother. Cheer. Our trials will soon be over. Amen. We're floating down the stream of time. We have not long to stay. The stormy clouds of darkness will turn to brightest day. Then let us all take courage. For we're not left alone. The lifeboat soon is coming to gather the jewel home. Cheer my brother, cheer. Our trials will soon be. Our love ones we shall meet. Shall meet upon the golden shore. We're pilgrims and we're strangers here. We're seeking a city to come. The lifeboat soon is coming to gather the jewels home. Sometimes the devil tempts me and says it's all in vain to try and live a Christian life and walk in Jesus name. But then we hear the master say, "I'll lend you a helping hand. And if you'll only trust in me, I'll guide you to that land. Then cheer, my brother, cheer. Our trials will soon be. Our love ones we shall meet, shall meet upon that golden shore. We're pilgrims and we're strangers here. We're seeking a city to come. The lifeboat soon is coming to gather the jewels home. The lifeboat soon is coming. By eyes of faith, I see as she sweeps through the waters to rescue you and me. and land us safely in the port with friends we love so dear ready cries the captain oh look she's almost here and cheer my brother cheer our trials will soon be over ones we shall meet shall meet upon on that golden shore. We're pilgrims and we're strangers here. We're seeking a world to come. A lifeboat soon is coming to gather the jewels home. Oh, now's the time to get on board while she is passing by. But if you stand and wait too long, you shall forever die. The fair is paid for one and all. The captain bids you come and get on board the lifeboat. She'll carry you safely home. Then cheer, my brother. Cheer. Our trials will soon be whole. Our loved ones we shall meet shall meet upon that golden shore. We're pilgrims and we're strangers here. We're seeking a city to come. The lifeboat soon is coming to gather the jewels home. Amen. Amen. Let's stand. This brother David, your your sermon on Wednesday night. Got this song just on my heart. Been singing it last couple days, too. Number 562. It is mine. It is mine. Hallelujah. God's abiding peace is in my soul today. Yes, I feel it now. Yes, I feel it now. He has taken all my doubts and fears away. Though I cannot tell you how is mine, mine. Blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is mine, mine. Blessed be his name, mine for all eternity. He has wrought in me a sweet and perfect rest in my raptured heart. I can feel it now. He's passing moment keeps me saved and blessed. Floods with light my heart and brown. It is mine. Mine and blessed be his name. He has given peace. Perfect peace to me. It is mine. mine. Blessed be his name, mine for all eternity. He has given me a neverfailing joy. Oh, I have it now. Oh, I have it now. To his praise I will my ransom powers implant and renew my grateful vow. It is mine. Mine. Blessed be his name. He has given peace. Perfect peace to me. It is mine. Mine. Blessed be his name. He in all eternity. Oh, the love of God comforting my soul for his love is mine. Yes, his love is mine. Waves of joy and gladness or my spirit roll, thrilling me with life divine. It is mine and mine and blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is my mind. Blessed be his name. He all eternity. Oh, the love of God is comforting my soul. For his love is mine. Yes, his love is mine. Waves of joy and gladness or my spirit roll, thrilling me with life divine. Oh claim it this morning. Amen. It is mine. Mine. Blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is mine. And blessed be his name, mine for all eternity. Amen. Amen. Amen. I lay claim on that this morning. Mine for all eternity. Praise the Lord. The love of God. Amen. Amen. I'd like to change a little bit here. Number 58. Thou art worthy. Amen. Give him praise this morning. Amen. He is more than worthy. Praise the Lord. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy, oh Lord, to receive glory, glory and honor, glory and honor and power. For thou hast created, hast all things created. Thou has created all things. And for thy glorure they are created. Thou art worthy, oh Lord. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy, oh Lord, to receive glory, gloryy and honor, gloryy and honor and power. For thou hast created, hast all things created. Thou has created all things. and for thy pleasure they are created. Thou art worthy, oh Lord. Amen. Amen. Can we sing? I liked what you started with. Lord, you are so precious. Lord, you are so preious to me. Oh, you are so precious to me and I love you. Yes, I love you because you first love me. Lord, you are so gracious to me. Lord, you are so gracious to me. I love you. Yes, I love you. Because you first love me, Lord, you are so faithful to me. Lord, you are so faithful to me and I love you. Yes, I love you because you first love me. Let's sing. Lord, you are so precious again. Just tell him how precious he is to you this morning. Just praise him. Hallelujah. Lord, you are so preious to me. Oh, you are so preious to me and I love you. Yes, I love you because you first love me and I love you. Yes, I love you because you first love me. Amen. Amen. Lord Jesus, we give you thanks this morning, Lord God. Lord, how when I woke this morning, my heart just cried for more of you, Lord Jesus. Pour yourself out this morning, Lord God, to each and every life, Lord Jesus. Lord, that we would just become the word expressed more and more each and every day, Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord God. How we love you Lord Jesus. You are so gracious. You are so faithful Lord. You are so precious. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. just like to go to prayer at this time. I'm going to ask our brother Alex to come prayer this morning. Um want to remember baby Hadley in prayer and Rebecca the mom. Want to remember our brother Pashant, sister Koncha and baby Isaac. Amen. Lord just be with them. Amen. I want to remember our brother Gideon for restoration. Want to continue to hold up our sister Dorcas for healing and for her family. Amen. Want to pray for our brother Donnie to Pulman this morning. Um brother in South Africa there blood clots in his lungs. Amen. The Lord just touch him. Give him a quick recovery. Amen. I want to continue to lift up our sister Wanda Lunsford in prayer for comfort and for Sarah and the Graham family. Amen. The rest of the Lunsford family as well. Lord just be with each and every one of them. Our sister Laura Lorie Snow uh for complete healing in her body. Uh and uh just remember sister April traveling and uh sister Gabrielle and Sister Leah the traveling mercies. They'll be coming home tomorrow. Amen. For Alex and our mothers. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we love you this morning. We thank you Lord for letting us gather together. Lord, what a what a blessed people we are, Lord Jesus, to gather to praise your name to worship you, Lord God. We have hope. We have faith, Lord Jesus, that these needs will be answered, Lord. We bring them before you, Lord God, for this baby Hadley, Lord, and the mother Rebecca. Just ask for strength for them, Lord. May your healing virtue flow through them, Lord Jesus. May there not be anything found wrong with this baby, Lord. and they just live their life Lord worshiping you and and and just be a representation of you Lord on this in this world Lord all the other needs sister Dorcas for healing Lord for the Gideon for restoration Lord for those who are traveling those who need Lord a touch from you Lord I lift my hand for unspoken prayer requests Lord God we bring them all before your throne knowing that you've searched us you know our hearts you know our life from the beginning to the end Lord and we just are open before you Lord Jesus ask that you touch our hearts hearts. Touch us this morning, Lord, that you send your Holy Spirit for those who need you, Lord God. And we just uh we just trust you, Lord, and we have hope and faith in you, Lord God. We love you. We thank you. Pray that you have your way in this service, Lord. And we commit into your hands, giving you praise, glory, and honor in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Alex. You may have your seats. Once again want to say God bless to each every one of our mothers here this morning. Mothers to be. And uh I want to give give you thanks for praying for me while I was out not feeling well there with the diverticulitis. But he's faithful. I'm 100% better. So praise the Lord for that. Amen. Amen. We got a special have a special the words. Can you hear me? Put up the words through it all. Um, this song came on my heart yesterday. Um, I just wanted to say, well, first it's very unpracticed, so you all just worship with me. Um, but I just couldn't get off my mind. Even woke up in the middle of the night, it came on my mind, and it's, okay, Lord. But, um, I just want to say how much I love my mama and our sacrifice through the years for me and for my family, for the body of Christ, all she's done. I really appreciate her. and my both my parents, they celebrate their 54th wedding anniversary this week on Wednesday. So, I'm just very grateful for both of them. So, this song kind of is dedicated to Mother's Day and to them and to all of us really for what God's done. We just worship the Lord. Amen. If I can get through it. The words are very real. So, it's going to hold it. I've had many tears and sorrows. I've had questions for tomorrow. Many times I didn't know right from wrong. But in every situation, God gave blessed consolation that my trials come to only make me strong. Through it all, just sing it with me. Through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. I've been a lot of places and I've seen a lot of faces. But there have been times I felt so all along. In my lonely hours, those precious lonely hours, Jesus let me know that I'm still one of his own. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all. Through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. So I thank God for the mountains and I thank him for the valleys and I thank him for the storms he's brought me through. For if I never had a problem, I didn't know that he could solve them. I didn't know what faith in God could do. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon you, through it all. Through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all. Through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Sister Ruth. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you that I've learned to Whatever whatever comes my way, just go back there. There's a solution. He's got it taken care of. Trust him. He's commit it to him and Amen. Amen. I'd like to sing number 497. He hideth my soul. A wonderful Savior is Jesus my Lord. A wonderful Savior to me. He hideth my soul in the cliff of the rock where rivers of pleasure I see. He hideth my soul in the cl of the rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand and covers me there with his hand. A wonderful Savior, Jesus my Lord. He taketh my burden away. He holdeth me up and I shall not be moved. He giveth me strength as my day. He hideth my soul in the cliff of the rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand. and covers me there with his hand. With numberless blessings he moment he crowns and filled with his fullness divine. I sing in my rapture. Oh, gloryy to God for such a redeemer as mine. He hideth my soul in the cl of the rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love. and covers me there with his hand and covers me there with his hand. and trolled in his brightness. Transported I rise to meet him in clouds of the sky. His perfect salvation, his wonderful love. shall shout with the millions on high. He hideth my soul in the cliff of the rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand. And covers me there with his hand. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. As we change the order of the service, ask our brother Paul to come this morning. I'd like to sing number 826. Let's stand as we sing this. Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstance, we're going to lift our hands. We're going to praise you. No matter what we see, what we hear, what we feel, we're going to give you the glory, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstance, no matter what the situation, we will lift a holy Hey Elim, how we long to worship you. Hello. Hello. How we long to worship you, Lord. We come to you in worship what the circumstance, no matter what the situation, we will lift the holy We had him. How we long to worship you. Hello. Elohim, how we long to worship you. La. God bless you. him. How we long to worship. Let's sing the first verse and let's personalize it. Lord, I come to you in worship. No matter what my circumstance, no matter what my situation, I will lift up holy hands. El sing it from your heart. L him how I long to worship you. Hello. Hello him. How I long to worship you. Hallelujah. Is it good to be in the house of the Lord today? Amen. As we look at this, I just really appreciated your special sister Ruth. The words of that song I feel like fit so perfectly what was on our heart today. Amen. And I just believe that fit in perfectly. I just want to definitely give a uh very happy Mother's Day to our mothers. Amen. Just uh a real blessing and uh God's blessed us with uh wonderful mothers in this assembly. Amen. and and uh just uh to see how God chooses to bring a heritage down. Uh he pro made a promise to Abraham that his seed would possess the gate of the enemy. But brother Brandham says that mother was the key. Amen. And so we so appreciate that. Amen. And um I know we don't normally make these announcements over the pulpit, but I just uh want to say happy birthday to my lovely wife. Uh she's been a wonderful wife, a wonderful mother. Uh just u such a support to me through the years and I I really appreciate her. She gets to celebrate both today. Amen. her birthday and Mother's Day. Amen. Before we go into the word, I also want to announce I I meant to do this last week and I I don't know where my thoughts were, but communion next Sunday, um May 18th, 5:00 p.m. here at the church. So, we look forward to that. Amen. Let's just uh turn to the word. Amen. I thank our musicians. Amen. Uh lovely song service. I appreciate that. It's a lovely atmosphere. Amen. Um Amen. God is good to us. I want to speak to you this morning on persuaded. Yes, sir. And uh there's only about 50 titles that I put uh already persuaded, fully persuaded. I will be persuaded. I you know, it just goes on and on. So, we just shortened it down. Uh, you know, uh, I was just reading yesterday and, um, Hebrews series and brother Brennham makes a comment how it seems like, I'm paraphrasing, it seems like too much for us, but God always breaks it down in simplicity. And so, as I've got these long lengthy titles, I was like, just break it down in simplicity and and we'll call that good. Amen. So good to see each and every one of you. Let's turn in our Bibles this morning to Romans the 4th chapter and u starting with the 13th verse. uh as we'll speak along this thought of persuaded I don't know um as the Lord would lay on our heart possibly there would be further uh um uh versions as it were of this uh maybe a part two or three who knows but uh because there's so much in the scripture that that deals with being persuaded amen to to do that because when you are persuaded you actually have a complete belief in what you are persuaded of. So anything short of a complete belief, you are not persuaded in the first place. Amen. Romans 4:13-2. For the promise that he should be heir of the world was not to Abraham or to his seed through the law, but through the righteousness of faith. That's right. For if they which are of the law be heirs, faith is made void, and the promise made of none effect. Because the law workketh wrath, and for where the no law is, there is no transgression. Therefore, for it is of faith, that it might be by grace. to the end the promise might be sure to all the seed. Not to that only which is of the law, but to that also which is of the faith of Abraham, who is the father of us all. Now, we recognize and the the prophet brings this out so clearly. We are not his genetic seed. We are his spiritual seed. Amen. And I have a choice. You have a choice. And I say, I'm fully persuaded I am his spiritual seed. Amen. You look at this. It's beautiful. As it is written, I've made thee a father of many nations before him whom he believed, even God who quickenth the dead, and calleth those things which be not as though they were. And if you have a need today that seems like it is not, it's time for you to start declaring that it is. Amen. Hallelujah. Who against hope believed in hope that he might become the father of many nations according to that which was spoken. So shall thy seed be. And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body now dead when he was about a hundred years old, neither yet the deadness of Sarah's womb. He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in faith, giving glory to God. So before he ever saw the manifestation, he was praising God for it. Amen. Lord, let that be a lesson to us. Amen. And being fully persuaded that what he had promised, he was able also to perform. And therefore it was imputed to him for righteousness. Now it was not written for his sake alone that it was imputed to him, but for us also to whom it shall be imputed. If we believe on him that raised up Jesus our Lord from the dead, who was delivered for our offenses and was raised again for our justification. Lord, we thank you for your word today. Ask you to bless this time in the house of God once again. Father, we just ask you to bless our mothers, Lord. Just uh thanking you for the godly example, Father, that has been given to them through the word. But Lord, we thank you for the manifestation of the godly example here in our midst of these faithful mothers, Lord, serving you, raising their children according to the word. I ask you, Father, bless them today in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Now as we look at the word today uh of that we we want to come back and just visit for a moment the very fact that the emphasis here in verse 21 is that being fully persuaded and uh my brother and sister when one is fully persuaded it does not leave room for another opinion. It does not leave room for doubts and fears and question marks as it were. But being fully persuaded says I believe regardless of what my circumstance is. All of that I can see around him my but me looks like it wouldn't be so. But I'm persuaded. And my brother and sister, I I heard a a a man make a comment recently uh and not fully understanding what he said, but some of the words caught me. And he says, "I see in the physical realm not one bit of evidence of a rapture." Now, we could say just a second, but he said in a physical realm, not one bit of evidence for a rapture, but in my soul, I know I am already raptured in the name of Jesus Christ. So, you look at that, it's what we're going to look at, what we're going to see, and are we persuaded that we have to see it in the flesh? Now I do believe as the word is being ministered that what we take in in the word in our life each and every day will come to the surface in our life. In other words, we cannot say we're filled with the Holy Ghost without one shred of evidence in our natural life. God changes us to fit the word and that evidence comes forth. Now my brother and sister, you know, the world has a phrase for years and they my mama used to say, you know, I I used to live on Mountain Dew and Twinkies. you know, and she'd tell me, "You are what you eat." And I tell you, I'm a wreck. But now I'm eating different diet. Amen. And there was a time in our life that that we were what we ate of the things of the world, of this life out here. And that diet of affected us, but we thought the diet was okay. But one day, by God's grace, we woke up and realized what I'm eating is not who I want to be. And our diet changes to fit what our desire is. Amen. if you follow me. And so being fully persuaded that the promise had been made, my brother and sister, I say this morning, thank you, Lord, because we can testify that what he has promised, he is able to perform. Amen. We're not here blindly following something. When you blindly follow something, you're in a cult. Amen. When you just blindly follow. But you see, God didn't say, "Close your eyes and just blindly follow me." He said what you do and these are the words of the prophet you pray for revelation and God will give that to you. So God while we have to have faith to follow and we don't want to follow according to intellect or emotion or circumstance at the same time God's laying seed down in our hearts and souls. He's laying it in there. That's giving us direction and giving us guidance that we can walk with a confidence, my brother and sister. Not blindly following, but walking with a confidence that the word says it. And I believe it. And that's what touched me out of the special today. Amen. It's always back to the word. Back to the word. Back to the word. Take us back to the word, Lord. Amen. Now, I just want to go ahead and go into Romans 8:33 through39 to lay a little bit more foundation here. Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? Now, you could probably preach on this for a year or two or three, my brother and sister, but this is not for us to use as as our our scapegoat or excuse. Uh but this is the fact that God looks at you and I and says, "I covered them with my blood, so this sin will not stick." It it will not. You know, a brother, I liked how he said it. have taken the full context, but he says, you know, we as believers are like teflon. I thought that was kind of funny. Okay, it's not going to stick. Sin is not going to stick to you. Amen. So, it won't be held to your elect, to the elect. Amen. To your account. It is God that justifith. Who is he that condemnth? It is Christ that died, yay, rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us. And the prophet told us, not only is he our advocate, our lawyer, he is the prosecutor. And when the lawyer and the prosecutor are the same one, they always manage to work it out because brother Brandham lays this so clearly, so beautifully, it wasn't our fault. We were trapped into it. Amen. So God looks at this in a different fashion. Amen. So who also maketh intercession for us? Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall tribulation or distress or persecution or famine or nakedness or peril or sword. As it is written, for thy sake we are killed all the day long. We are counted as sheep for the slaughter. Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. Amen. I'll never I don't many other people might feel like that, but my brother and sister, I never get tired of hearing that I am a conqueror, that I'm more than a conqueror. A reminder that whatever happens in this world, God's already raised us up above that and made us the conqueror of that. Amen. Because the word says that we're going to put this under our feet. Now, it's not us in our ability, but it's the word in us. Amen. In other words, the only way that you lift a foot spiritually today is Christ lifting your foot. Amen. But we are going to be there and we're going to rise above it. In fact, we're going to walk on the ashes of it and it will be Christ. When we get to the other side, my brother and sister, there will be no one there saying, "I did this and I did that." But we're going to be looking to the throne and we're going to be saying, "It was my Lord Jesus. It was him. He come and he raised me up out of the ashes. He raised me up out of the miry clay of the pit. He's raised me up into heavenly places. And I'm here today because of his wonderful, incredible grace." Amen. Hallelujah. I thank you, Lord. Nor he, nor depth, nor any other creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. Amen. Verse 38 once again to emphasize on that. For I am persuaded. Can we say that this morning? For I am persuaded. Amen. My brother and sister, it doesn't matter if the next person down the pew uh is persuaded or not. You have to be persuaded. You have to stand here today without one question mark or whether or not you're a son or daughter of God. You have to stand here today without one question mark that the blood of Jesus Christ covered your sin. one question mark whether this Bible in its entirety is true or not without one question mark that God wanted you to hear the word and made you able to hear the word. We need to be fully persuaded that there is nothing that can separate us and there is nothing my brother and sister you know I I think about it this way you know the prophet of God told us uh that uh you know uh when uh when the bird flies over you know and certain thoughts come in your mind and certain struggles that you have I don't know if you have mind battles but in in that realm of mind battles I know I kind of said that understated but anyway my brother and sister when when you have a kind battle. The prophet of God said, "It's one thing that the bird flies over, but just don't let him stop and build a nest." But I tell you, even if he has stopped and built a nest, you can this morning reach up and knock that nest out and say, "I am free from your uh influence, Satan, from the mind battle that you put upon me, or whether I have the Holy Ghost or not, or whether I'm really sealed or saved, or whatever it might be, and all of that, my brother and sister. So, you have a nest and it's been built this morning, but all we have to do is stop and say, "Lord, I'm ready to be free from that and take that nest and knock it away and dispose of it." Amen. Because God never intended for us to carry that all the days of our life, struggling over something from the past or something that that you don't understand and it bothers you. Amen. Sometimes it might be something that come down through your family. I remember one time we were uh back east and and we were preaching and and I I just preached a very convoluted or I thought so uh service and and uh when it was all over I told sister Jerry I said man I I just think I mangled that this morning. I just couldn't seem to stay on thought and kind of wandered here and kind of wandered there. But in the evening service, amen, another brother was ministering. And in the evening service, a brother uh what we would say broke church order. And the song leader's leading songs. And a brother stands up and says, "Brother, can I say a word?" And the brother said, "Yes, brother." And he goes to share something that was relevant in his life. He was there, a deacon in the church, and he's encouraging the people in the church, telling them, "Just trust God. Trust God." And he says in the morning service, one of those things that brother Paul could not figure out why he wandered over is God was dealing with me. And he said, "I have high blood pressure, so high I should be having a stroke even right now. And I'm on every bit of medicine the doctors can give me. My daddy died of a stroke. My mother is crippled because of a stroke. And I'm terrified as a stroke. And I'm standing here telling you, trust God. And I'm struggling to trust God." My brother and sister. You see, God cares. It wasn't about the man behind the pulpit. It was God saying, "It's time for my children to be free, to get rid of that that nest that Satan has built and let them be free." And that opened a chain of events. I've never seen a service like this before. And before he was finished, another individual stood up and was waiting and said, "Can I speak?" And when he was finished, another individual stood up and said, "Can I speak?" And it went on like this, individual after individual. And my brother and sister, you look at this, you see there comes a season that God wants you and I to come to the place that we're persuaded that we're not supposed to be under Satan's influence. We're not supposed to be under his control. We're not here as his little puppets and that. But we're convinced, amen, persuaded fully that we are sons and daughters of God and that the word was given for us. Amen. Not a hope for this. And maybe if I was spiritual like them. But we sit here today even the least in the kingdom. God has given us the authority to be an overcomer today. And so the limitation is oursel. Lord help us. Amen. To be fully persuaded. Amen. I have fond memories of that service. The brother that was supposed to be preaching the evening service had a topic. He'd even bounced it off of me and said, "What did you think?" And I was like, "That's pretty heavy." But he got up and he started preaching. And after all this had happened, he just stands in front of the people and says, "Praise God, the Lord has just spoken to me. We're going to have a deliverance service tonight." And we did. Amen. It was incredible. Incredible things that probably man would not ever just willfully speak out. And God started dealing with them and speaking and giving deliverance to that. Amen. My brother and sister, you see, God is here to set us free. Praise the Lord. Not momentarily. Not just the easy things in our life, but to set us completely free. Amen. We have a promise of the word in this hour. Do we not have a promise today? Amen. Uh the prophet said, you know, this is uh points us back into the word. Amen. not his ideas but is there he's preaching the word. Now I just do want to say this my brother and sister he preached the word but did he have to preach it every word verbatim? Now brother Brandham says I preach what Paul preached but he didn't puppet Paul he preached the word. So we have to realize my brother and sister to preach what Paul preached doesn't mean we puppet Paul. To preach what the prophet preached doesn't mean we have to puppet the prophet. Amen. So God comes. So the promise of this word is to restore all things. Now my brother and sister I remember a man he he was actually being very critical of the message. Uh almost like you know what I had the Holy Ghost before I ever came to the message. I had understanding of Godhead before I ever came to the message. Now the thing that said everything he said I would have to say I believe that's true. But what he didn't have was the correct attitude or atmosphere around him. It was almost as like I didn't need this. I already had it all. Well, my brother and sister, if there was one that had it all, he would be raptured already. Amen. He would be taken out already. God would have uh promoted. You see, every one of us needed a restoration of some kind or another. Now, this man, it might be just he needed a restoration of his attitude, his spirit, the atmosphere around him needed to be turned back. So he knew the word but he didn't really have the atmosphere of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. He didn't have that that and so you know there's things so the word in this hour was to restore all things. And there are some people that are pushing it off. Those who believe the prophet has to come back and I'm sorry if I speak a little blunt this morning but we really need to. Amen. Those who believe the prophet has to come back to restore that. my brother and sister uh they've really missed the essence of what brother Brham uh taught us because he showed us that the word was doing the restoration. Amen. And so as a prophet opened the book for you and I and he gave us a very clear vision of the book. Is the book open? Amen. As he gave us a very clear vision of the book, there is that action that is required on our part. In other words, we're not going to sit on our hands and wait for the prophet to come back. Now, my brother and sister, it's kind of like the old argument of the man who was not a believer. And he asked the believer, he said, 'Well, you know, um, you say you believe and you're going to die anyhow. I don't believe, I'm going to die anyhow. And he says, so what's the difference? And the Christian says to him, well, sir, when you who don't believe, when you die, it's over. It's finished. When I die, it's just starting. Amen. Amen. So there's a difference of the approach, right? That man didn't feel like he needed anything. And this man, the believer says, you know what? When I die, it is just the beginning. This this is just the preliminary to what it's really all about. It's not about this life here, this flesh here, the joy and the riches and this and that of this life. My brother and sister, this is just the preliminary. Amen. So as the word is restoring all things. Now we look at this and sometimes you know I want to say this correctly. So it says it would reveal the mystery of Jesus Christ. Right? Not mysteries. But yet this is the this is the part within the mystery is many components. So people get confused when they say, "Well, the the Godhead was a mystery and baptism was a mystery." But my brother and sister, when you have the mystery of Jesus Christ, when you have the revelation of Jesus Christ, all the rest of this falls into its correct position. Means see you can't have the full revelation of Jesus Christ without baptism, without understanding of Godhead, without understanding the deity of Christ. Amen. As you look at this, you know, people would say, "Well, we we understand God placed us here to live the word and and I'm so glad I chose, but we didn't choose. The word says that he chose for us. We did not choose. No man himself has ever willed himself to serve God." So, if there's a desire there, remember brother Brandham talks about that. He uses that example of the little boy eating the pedal on the bicycle. You see the only reason that boy would eat the pedal on the bicycle as his body was crying out for what was in the pedal which happened to be sulfur and it was there it was crying out for that and we're here today my brother and sister because God has come and he has placed such a hunger. I don't care what Satan's tripping you over what he's throwing in your face of what he's causing you to doubt. If there's a hunger for God, there is a hunger to satisfy that. Quit looking at your details and let your soul be satisfied. Amen. You come to the place, my brother and sister, I don't think any doctor would have ever come to that child and said, you know, mother, I think that uh to diagnose your child's need here, I'm going to take the pedal off of my child's bicycle and give a prescription for bicycle pedals to your child. No, it don't work that way, my brother and sister. No one had an understanding, but there was something about that. I'll just tell you, maybe you guys are different, but I've never in my whole childhood and all the crazy things that we did in our childhood, I never once ever took a bite out of a bicycle pedal. No, because there was nothing in the bicycle pedal to satisfy me. It wasn't calling for that. And today we're here. No matter where you are, whether you are fully persuaded today, whether you struggle with some thoughts and some things in your life, my brother and sister, the very fact that you are crying out for more of God says there's more of God for you. Why don't you get down and get serious about getting more of God? Amen. Hallelujah. How you want to set that in order, I'm not here to tell you, but you can cry out. Reminds me of a man. Amen. in the message was just kind of a wild crazy guy. And one day he just in the struggle of his life, he was on drugs a little bit. Not serious, you know, I mean kind of degrees of sin. Amen. So not, you know, not serious drugs. And he goes out in the woods and he yells at God. That's how he puts it. I yelled at God. I didn't talk to God. I yelled at God. If you're real, prove it. He said, "Don't do that cuz God will prove it." And he said, "I went through everything you can imagine." And while it was going on, I said, "I can't even complain cuz I told God, prove it." There's another way to say, "Lord, if your word is true," did any of you have opportunity to watch the little video about the little girl that drowned? Amen. Go. It's posted to to Grace Tabernacle on on WhatsApp. Amen. This is a man who had heard from a brother, a witness. God sent a prophet. The word is true. The word is true. And he took it that and he accepted. He received some of that, but he couldn't receive. He was not fully persuaded. And when his little girl is drowned in the swimming pool and he's there in the doctor's office and they say, "There's nothing we can do for your child." He cries out, "My brother and sister, if the God of William Brandham is real, touch my child." Amen. And God raises that child up. You see, God will accept our challenge, my brother and sister. Don't be timid. It says, "Come boldly before the throne of God." But you've got to be persuaded that when God answers, you will follow through with your part. Amen. and you say, "Lord, if you do this, I'll serve you faithfully all the days." You got to be persuaded that when God comes on the scene, you'll do it. Because otherwise, God will look down and see that little seed in your heart that you're not sincere. And you say, "But God didn't answer my prayer." Well, you weren't serious or sincere about it, so God had no obligation. Oh, you say, "Is that the way God works?" Yes, my brother and sister. You want to make the rapture, you're going to be all of the word. You're not going to be the part that makes you comfortable, makes you happy. You've got to be fully persuaded that this word is completely what you need. Amen. Hallelujah. So, we look at this this mystery, these components, the Godhead. My brother and sister, depending on what church or background you come from, many of you here maybe never knew any different, just raised up uh you know, in this. But when you recognize that that how deceptive the godhead is uh that they come and they do everything in the name of and it's there my brother and sister it sounds right it seems right but when you become persuaded that every one of those names now if you study a a lot or a little even on this you'll realize they have presented it in such a fashion that if you are looking at it in any other fashion than three parts hearts. Three, and they almost have it right, manifestations. But if you don't believe the trinity, you're a heretic. And what's that? It a bird trying to build a nest. Trying to tell you that if you don't believe it like this, you're wrong. But the truth of it is, Satan's so persuasive, he comes and he fashions this in such a way. And my brother and sister, it's like one guy, you know, his argument was, "Everybody believes in the Trinity." And the man he was talking to says, "No, that's a false statement." The guy says, "How dare you make us say I made a false statement?" Not everyone. That's right. Amen. In your mind, everyone believes. But you see, God brought it down. So what is a mystery of baptism? Amen. these components. God started putting these in place. Amen. And so you look at that the deity of Christ and remember brother Brandham gives the example the little woman says you make too much of Jesus Christ. He was just a man. Brother Brandham I don't need to explain the whole story. Brother Brandham then says you know what yes but you've missed the fact that he was God and man. Anybody here today that is God and man? Hallelujah. Every one of us sitting here needs to have the revelation that we are God and man. Amen. Because it is Christ on the inside. Christ in you, the hope of glory. If he's in you, Amen. You're not your own. Amen. You know, a a host is what what contains or supports something else. and and all this flesh is doing, as it were, if I'm using the right words, hosting a tabernacle for our Lord Jesus Christ. That's all it is. Cuz my brother and sister, you go to the graveyard, you go dig up a casket that's 20, 30, 40 years old, and you're not going to find a person inside there. Amen. And yet, when you think about Beyond the Curtain of Time, the prophet of God meets that beautiful young woman, and she's saying, "Oh, my precious brother." And brother Brandham's like, I I I don't know. I don't think I've ever met her. You led her to the Lord in her in her 90s, right? See, that body that was hosting all of the natural things of life, all the cares of life all the way up into the 90s, my brother and sister, the end of life, the horizon is right there. And God says, "But that's my seed." Amen. I let it go for as long as I let it go, but that's my seed. And in her 90s, she receives the word and is saved. And she's standing there beyond the curtain of time. And no wonder, I say all of us would say, but no wonder she's there. Oh my precious brother. I come as it would be. Maybe this is just human thinking. I come so close to the end of my life without knowing the Lord Jesus Christ. I'm so glad God sent you into my life. But you see, God had a divine appointment that he scheduled the whole time from the day she was born and cradled in her mother's arms. God had an appointment with her. Amen. Amen. You might say, "But maybe she had opportunity as a as a teenager to to receive the Lord. Maybe she had opportunity here. Maybe she had opportunity there." My brother and sister, I won't go in and debate all of that with you, but I'll tell you, she had a divine appointment. And God kept that appointment and saved her soul there in her 90s. Amen. And at that point, she was persuaded enough by what she heard. You know, imagine what you can hear in 90 years. God's not real. God's supernatural. We don't need a God. Completely dependent on God. It all depends on whose voice is persuading you. Predestination so simple yet so complicated. In doing a little bit of studying, you listen to a preacher explaining on the internet why predestination is false. And I'm like, what did I hear in the background? He just ripped a page, two pages, three, four, five pages out of his Bible. Yeah. He's just there. That's not how God works. We're free moral agents. Well, I'll tell you what. If there's sulfur in the pedal, the child will find the pedal. If the seed is in the individual, they will find the light that brings life to the seed. Oh, my brother and sister, what about free moral agency? That's right. I made some stupid decisions and God never stopped me. That's right. Is it okay to put it that strongly? I told God once, I'm not to emphasize, I don't want to get sidetracked here, but much to the detriment of my own family, I told God, "No way." One time in my life, that was free moral agency. I told him, "Absolutely, I will not. I cannot. I shall not." And God says, "Okay, maybe when I've ground you into dust, you'll look at it differently." And God started grinding. Amen. And I looked at it differently. Amen. You see, God's will be done. Amen. You can say no all you want to say. In the end, God's will will be done. Hallelujah. And the evidence of the Holy Ghost. I'm just touching on a few of these here. Brother David touched on Wednesday night there. Touched, I guess, to the e edge of those things. Uh we're looking at this, my brother and sister. Evidence of a Holy Ghost. My I just watched a little video clip the other day. took place down in Florida and um they're there and the preacher has dreadlocks just I don't know I I wouldn't expect it to find a man who looked like that tattooed up and dreadlocks behind the pulpit but that's where he was at and he makes a declaration that the Holy Spirit has fallen on you and all of a sudden this person starts crowing like a chicken and falling on the floor and barking like a dog and he's like say see the Holy Spirit's moving on him. I can't find one strategy of evidence in the Bible to support that behavior. But remember, the word said there'd be a strong delusion come upon the people. And so, as they're there, my brother and sister, this was this might shock you, but uh as they're there, he once again declares, "The Holy Spirit has fallen on you." And this young woman is there. She falls to the floor, starts riffing like a snake and hissing. And he's like, "Yes, look how the Holy Spirit is moving on her." My brother and sister, it looked more like demonology. But you see the world we live in. People, look, I'm talking about a coliseum full of people. Not not a little group with just a little handful of people that just are, you know, from the fringes. This place is packed out full of people. And and they're declaring this. And God comes down and sends a prophet who comes and says, "No, here's what the evidence of the Holy Spirit looks like." Amen. And we stopped. And many people remember the man who had went here and he went there and he went there and there and there and there looking for confirmation. What is the Holy Spirit? And do I have it? And then he comes to brother Brandham one day. Are we okay here? Amen. He comes to brother Brandham one day and he asks him the same question he's asked over and over and over again of preachers and brother Brandham says now you you picked up a pamphlet. You picked up a little something and you read that and something happened in your heart and you said I've got to serve God. Brother Brandham says that's when you receive the Holy Ghost. Look, it's not about all this other nonsense out here. But it's when God comes down. Amen. He's not going to make us crow like chickens and bark like dogs and slither like snakes. He's coming down and what's he doing? He's changing a heart. And that man, my brother and sister, the prophet of God, so words it in such a way that that man receives what he had already received. Did that make sense? Because you can hear the word preached. You can hear it preached in authority and anointed. And if you are still questioning, well, that worked for brother so and so or for sister so and so. They've got the Holy Ghost. They're a real Christian, but myself, it's time for us to stop and receive what we've already received. Amen. When God said, "I've poured my word into you and you believe my word and you acted on my word and your life changed." There's an evidence. Amen. It's not how we shouted, what we sang, what we prophesied. My brother and sister, there's so many people today that are caught up in these other things. Can someone say thank you Lord that we come down in the simplicity as the prophet of God said, God will make it simple. And it is simple enough that we receive the very life of Jesus Christ. Amen. That very word coming down in our life has changed us and moved us into a position where we could say, you know what, God said it. I just believe it. That's the word. I want the word. I receive the word. Hallelujah. And I I I'll move on. But there's many many things that have been set in order and and it come down just a a putting in place. Amen. Not new mysteries, wasn't baptism, evidence, Holy Spirit. All of this has been right out in the open, but never aligned. Yeah. Now John the 8th chapter 32nd verse. And you shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free. See when you look at this you have to have a relationship with truth. Amen. It's not just I heard truth. Many person heard truth. Amen. And walked away from it. But to have a relationship with truth. Amen. Amen. Who's the truth? The truth is not just words, it's a person. Amen. So when you have that relationship with truth, see, not just knowledge, then many a man read his Bible cover to cover. I met a man here a while back. He told me, "I'm on my fifth time of reading the Bible cover to cover." I won't go into it because it's a little bit odd. I'll just put it this way so you catch the gist. His language didn't reflect the language of a man who's read his Bible five times. So you can read the Bible five times and it not change your life. So here again, is it all right to share an opinion this morning? Amen. It's not worth a lot. It'll take a whole semi load of opinions be worth a penny. But my brother and sister, it's not about how many times you read it, how fast you read it. I read it in a year. I had to read four chapters every single day for the whole year to to read this in time. Did you get anything from it? I'd rather read one book in a whole year and receive every bit that comes out of the book and come into me or to you and it be a lifechanging event. Amen. Because I'm telling you, my brother and sister, when you are there looking at genealogy in the Old Testament, Amen. Now, it's all relevant. Don't misunderstand me. But that's not going to save you. Amen. To understand the generations not going to save you. Amen. So you can read all you want about the generations and it won't change a habit that you have. It won't change a temper. It won't change you know whatever it might be. And you see it's the relationship you have with the word is what changes you relationship with the truth. Now if the truth sets one free one must be fully persuaded. In other words I just want to use simple examples. If the word says don't lie, you have to be fully persuaded that you are not going to lie. If the word says that you're not going to kill, you have to be fully persuaded that you're not going to kill. And it gets down to those things that are a little closer to home. Amen. The lust of the flesh and pride of life and all of these things like that that we make excuses for. Well, I I make a joke out of this, but I don't mean to make a joke out of this. Well, I have a temper because we're Germans. Well, the Lord will come along and prove to you you're not a German so that you don't have that excuse any longer. Amen. So then we realize, look, I don't need an excuse. I need to just be persuaded that the word is true. And when I get persuaded that the word is true is when I really will apply it. When I really will hold on to it is when I'm persuaded that it is there. Now my brother and sister, the old phrase, I think it's Dale Carnegie said this uh a man convinced against his will is of the same mind or opinion still. So you look at this, my brother and sister, you see, we can come and prove to you the scripture, prove to you God sent a prophet, prove to you these things, but if you are not persuaded, it will have almost zero effect in your life. Amen. So, what we got to do is not fight over the word. What we got to do is ask the Lord, Lord, let me see it so that I can be persuaded that your word is true and this is what you want me to do. My brother and sister, God's not in the game of fooling people. Amen. God doesn't come and say, you know what, I I'm going to just fool these people. Now, he did say in his word that he would let a strong delusion come upon the people. But the strong delusion, this might sound tricky to you, didn't come out of the word. But the delusion will use the word. Oh yeah. To delude. Amen. But that spirit that was from Satan. Amen. Now look at this. Brother Brown preached about three kinds of believers. Y'all remember it well. Amen. The unbeliever, the makebeliever, and the real believer. See, uh we're not going against what the prophet of God said here. So don't don't don't misunderstand what I'm fixing to say. But when we break this down, there's really only two positions. Persuaded or not. There's two positions. If you're persuaded, you're a believer. If you're not persuaded, you are a makebeliever and an unbeliever. Now, when you look at this, I I don't know if I honestly I can't remember at the moment whether I included the quote or not, but you see the the makebeliever, the unbeliever, he just disregards it. The makebeliever looks for the opportunity to justify why he doesn't believe it. Hallelujah. See how easy it is. Kadesh Barnea. Amen. Beor Dayan Kora. People not fully persuaded. If they had been fully persuaded, Israel would have walked out of Egypt and they wouldn't have stopped walking until they walked into the promised land. Amen. Because their shoes weren't going to wear out. Their bodies would not have been weary. They would have just going and pressed right into that. But you see, they weren't fully persuaded. The Red Sea becomes an obstacle. Uh the Pharaoh's army, oh my goodness, we've just been drawn here to the desert to die. The only reason that they could be that is they never were fully persuaded that the promise to take them in the promised land was valid because otherwise there's no way Pharaoh's army could have come and stopped them from going in if they believe the promise. If they stood on it, that my brother and sister, I'll bring it to this day right here. There's people that are looking for something to happen to give them something to believe there's going to be a rapture. And there's people that are here saying, "I am the rapture." Amen. I am the word come to life in this day. I am the tabernacle. Amen. And I'm in a wilderness, but God's in this tabernacle. Cuz it's not the badger skin, my brother and sister. It's what's dwelling inside the badger skin. Sorry I called you all badgers. But you look at that. It's not you, my brother and sister. It's Christ in you. Brother Brandham even puts it this way, it's God in you. And we got to understand, as brother Brandham also says that God, Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, it's all the same thing. Amen. Don't let somebody dice that up in your life. My brother and sister, God is God and he's present here today doing his will in the midst of his people. And I'm persuaded of that. Amen. Hallelujah. So these two positions either fully persuaded or not persuaded. Why do people act like they do? They're not persuaded or they're fully persuaded. Depend on how you want to do this, my brother and sister. Why do people live on the fringe of the word? They're not fully persuaded. Amen. Why do they argue with the word? They're not persuaded. Amen. All kinds of things. But here again, I want to I just feel to put clarity to this. The outside world would say, "Well, you guys are in a cult because you just blindly follow." No, I'm sorry, my brother and sister. I believe this word, and I want to punctuate it with an amen, but God's also laid on my heart an understanding to pick up my Bible. Amen. And pick up history as it were, and to look through that and be able to say, "The prophet said this." There it is. Oh, here it is. Manifested through history, coming alive. The promise was to this last day. I can trace this all the way down. We're in the last day. Amen. That's why it's supposed to be here. Look what's happening around this prophecy about a pope from America, my brother and sister. People coming up with all kinds of wild explanations. And when you take their explanation and took back to the prophecy the prophet made there and you take that back, okay, I can kind of almost see how they come to this conclusion. Amen. Some of them got the rapture going to be in a day or two. I pray that it is. Amen. I also pray, Lord, let me be ready. I might be the one that's hindering the rapture. I say this to make a point to you. I might be the one, Lord, don't come with and don't, you know, leave me, Lord. I want to be ready for that rapture. I want to be part of that. But you see, what we got to do is just stand up today. Be fully persuaded that this word is redeeming our souls. Amen. And the flesh is irrelevant. Amen. Oh my. Your flesh. I'm sorry to tell you. Your flesh is irrelevant. Amen. I feel That's right. I'm attracted to this over here. Well, maybe you're attracted to that because that's all you look at. That's right. I I just can't help, you know, my you outdate myself. Forgive me. I just can't help but listen to to my rock and roll. I just I can't stop listening to it. You know why you can't stop listening to it? Because that's what you're feeding on. Amen. And what you feed on is what gives you your strength. And so when it gives you strength, you feed more on that. Lord, help us. Amen. Lord, help us. I'll tell you just personal testimony. I've shared it before. It took years for me. Now, I wasn't serving God. I definitely wasn't a preacher. None of that thing. But took years to break the spirit of rock and roll. Oh, it wasn't every day. Wasn't all day. It would come up in the strangest of places and the strangest of times. And I would tell myself, that song brings back such good memories, "Oh my, back to my childhood, driving through the Arizona desert at 120 miles an hour. Windows rolled down, the music turned up as loud as it will go." Such a good memory. A memory of me 120 miles an hour on my way to hell. Yeah. A good memory. No. No. Rock of Ages cleft for me. You know, it's interesting. When I become persuaded that wasn't who I was, the music went away. breaking the speed limit like that. Let me put it that way. I'm I've been guilty, you know, we won't start throwing stones here. Amen. But um you know, driving like a wild man, you know, all strangely enough, when I become fully persuaded, this all started leaving. I didn't have to go fight with this to get rid of this spirit. You say, "But I'm fighting with this." You're not persuaded. That's it. Lord help us. Lord help us. You know one thing that's persuaded people have in common, the word is their absolute. That's right. One thing every one of us should have in common is the word is our absolute. Amen. The unpersuaded, this might be a little direct. Forgive me if it is. But the unpersuaded hold to various ideas or ideals as equal to truth. That's right. Yes, sir. Had a man tell me one time, "Ah, the message." I don't know why they tout that. I learned about the Godhead while I was in the Lutheran church. You know what I had to do? I had to go home, get on the computer, look up Lutheran Church's view of the Godhead. And I was like, "That explains it. not persuaded in the fashion that God laid upon brother Brandham's heart to lay the Godhead out. Got its own little thing here and its own little seed there. And then you wonder why individuals struggle with the message because they're not persuaded. That's right. That's right. They still hold to teaching they had when they were a young man. another church, another religion, another age, which the prophet of God said the spirit of that age forsook Christ and the church died. And they're holding on to a dead letter and placing it as equal to the message. Yes, sir. Oh my my brother and sister, you'll find that all kinds of behavior is explained when you can come down in the basic principle of persuaded and not persuaded. Because if we're following the message, we should be message people. The message should be persuading us. Actually, it's the Holy Spirit persuading us this is the truth. Amen. But if we're holding that this is an aberration from this because I think this is more important or or No, my brother and sister. Wrong. Wrong. Come on. Amen. Hebrews 10 19-2. I need to I need to definitely Oh my I really need to hurry. Hebrews 10 19-20. Having therefore, brother, boldness, enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus by a new and living way. Right. forsaking the old denominational teaching and speaking, amen, which he hath consecrated for us through the veil, that is to say, his flesh, and having a high priest over the house of God, let us draw near with a true heart. Amen. Not a not a heart that's mildly converted. Amen. But a true heart. Amen. In full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience, and our bodies washed with pure water, let us hold fast to the profession of our faith without wavering, for he is faithful that promised. Let us consider one another to provoke unto love and to good works, not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as the manner of some is, but exhorting one another, and so much the more as you see the day approaching. Amen. Now, I hope you all don't mind. going to have another blunt moment here, my brother and sister, if you don't believe you need to uh assemble together. Amen. You're not persuaded that this scripture is true. You're not uh persuaded that the word is the absolute if you say, "I can I can do what I want to do where I want to do." My brother and sister, Holy Spirit through the age. Amen. I I'm telling you, I don't want to get too too deep into that, but that comes up, it pops up here, it pops up there, pops up everywhere. Just stay home. listen to it. We're getting prepared for when they shut our churches down that we'll have we'll know the presence of God and have that in our home. Really, my brother and sister, if that was what God planned, that's what would be in his word. Amen. What he said was for us to come together. It's not about the preacher. It's not about anything. It's about obeying the word. Amen. It's not a preacher giving you a command, come to church. It's the word that is speaking. And we're either persuaded this word is true or we're not. That's right. Can I be bold? If the alternative is to stay home and the prophet said go back to the original, right? Do we have more revelation than the prophet? My brother and sister, you say, "But but but no, my brother and sister, one, if you really are listening to what the prophet of God said, when it comes down to that tribulation, Joseph's wife was in the house." I'm not going to sit here and just say, "Well, praise God. We'll hide in our house, have church in our house so they won't shut us down." You think that's going to stop them? Okay, you guys into conspiracy theories. Man, Brother David, you put me in a bad spot. Just be patient for this conspiracy theory. Walked through the airport in Boisey here a few weeks ago on our way to South Africa. I fumbled around with my ID giving it to the guy and I didn't get it shoved in the slot all the way. The little camera screen went boop and before it even reads my driver's license, he says, "Welcome, Mr. Hay." Sister Jerry and I get off a plane in Atlanta. We subscribe to Global Entry years ago just to fight the long lines that, you know, 2,000 people arrive in Atlanta on the same flights. You know, seven or eight, 10 airplanes all That hall fills clear full of people. I don't know if you've ever experienced that. We got global entry. We walk over here. They made us walk, can you believe this? All the farthest side of the building. And I'm like, it used to be over there. Walk up. Little sign says, "Stand on the footprints. Stand on the footprints." Screen says, "Approved. Proceed." Yeah, we're here to the back of the church from the booth and I don't even know why the man did it. Maybe God was just making a little point to me. Amen. We're walking towards the officer that's in charge of that thing. He looks up and goes, "Paul and Jerry Halelet." Yes, sir. Keep on walking. Yeah. And we don't want them to know we believe the message. There's my conspiracy theory. We're going to hide in our house and they'll have no clue we believe this message. Seriously, come on. I'm persuaded that God has made you and I more than able to face everything of our age. Every calling he has placed upon us. We are more than able. I don't need to hide. Amen. I don't need to conceal. I don't need to try and use some kind of anonymity to to disappear from their screen. They know who you are. And if they don't right now, the devil will come and make sure they know. H. So, what is getting the bride ready, my brother and sister, for a rapture? Well, the preaching of the word. uh understanding God sent a prophet and no my brother and sister what is getting a bride ready is whether or not she's accepting the full propituation of the word in other words I sit here today fully persuaded this is the truth that's what's getting us ready Kadesh Barnea my brother and sister you know what would have changed everything about Kadesh Barnea it was not about them going out and slaying the enemy and proving the thing. The fruit that they hauled back was just an evidence to the people that didn't go over into the land that this is really true. And what would have changed them at Kadesh Barnea would just send a simple saying amen to the word. They didn't have to perform a great act. They didn't have to do anything. They just simply had to say amen. See how deceived they got? Now, we're not talking about saying an amen in church as to whether you receive it or not. Don't don't let the devil put that in your head. But my brother and sister, it's down in your heart. If you can't say amen to it down in your heart, amen, we got a serious issue. Cuz we should be convinced. Amen. We should be persuaded this is the truth. If not, if you think the Mormons have it, go be a Mormon. If you think the Catholics have it, go be a Catholic. Amen. My brother and sister, it's it's there. But you'll notice now the the uh prophecy over the papacy taken place many years ago. According to that prophecy, this is the last pope they'll ever have. Now, it gets complicated. Well, how do we know? Well, we don't. But we do. Want to hear another conspiracy? Revelation says the spirit and the bride say come. Amen. I want to ask you a question. Has there ever been a time in the years that we look backwards that a bride has been more prepared than right now to be declaring come oil in your lamp. Come. Amen. Receive the fullness of the gift. Come. You see, my brother and sister, ages gone by, they were they they testifi there. Some of them testified, Philadelphia age, they testified probably stronger than we do. Amen. They had a lot of gifts. They didn't have the fullness of the word. And if they didn't have it, they couldn't be persuaded of it because God through the prophet says now all they had to do is believe the word for their age. And we're coming down to the outpouring of the fullness of the mystery of Christ in you and I. Amen. Are we making any sense? Let me hurry up and finish here. Amen. So, look at this. I'm sorry if that sounded blunt, but my brother and sister, you know, uh there's just just a point when when little things get sent to you, you see little things and people are almost like, see, if you if you still have a pastor, how you like this one for a statement? If you still have a pastor, you need to get a revelation of the message. Well, you know what? Um, I I do have a revelation of the message. That's right. And it told me to have a pastor. And it told me to go to church. And it told me I needed to receive the Holy Ghost. Amen. Persuaded. Yes, sir. Fully persuaded. Yeah. in the seventh church age here for the brothers to put that up. Amen. Now, don't get led astray here. When I said that God and his ways never change, I did not say that the church and its messengers could not change. The church isn't God, so she can change. But what I said was because of the unchanging God with unchanging ways, we can go back to the beginning and see the first and perfect act of God, then judge by that standard. That is how it is done. The true church will always try to be like the original at Pentecost. Now, my brother and sister, I don't know why I'm I'm pushing on this. Forgive me, but my brother and sister, they didn't go to their own upper room on the day of Pentecost. They went to church. They joined together. They exhorted one another. They talked about the goodness of God and the opening of the word and the presence of the Holy Spirit to the level that they knew that. And God was so honored by what they were speaking and fellowshipping and worshiping that he come right down in that room. And that was our day of Pentecost. It wasn't taking place in my upper room. Brother Alex lives in a house. Sister Rachel lives in a house that's got an upstairs. Amen. I don't know. Maybe maybe I'd have to go to their house to be in the upper room. Amen. We don't have an upper room. Amen. But you look at that. No, that isn't what God's talking about, my brother and sister. That was them coming together by the leadership of the Holy Spirit. And it was not an invitation only, my brother and sister. The invitation was placed in the heart. And it was the heart, the Holy Ghost, that led them to the upper room because God knew who needed to be there. Amen. Now, that experience come out of the upper room and was spread and given, broke a sunder, as it were, the Holy Spirit amongst the people. But my brother and sister, there had to be an upper room. And the prophet of God is laying here that it is this that God takes us right back to the original. Amen. Hallelujah. Unchanging God with unchanging ways. And we can go back to the beginning and see the first and perfect act of God and then judge by that standard. That is how it is done. The true church will always try to be like the original at Pentecost. The true church of today will try to approximate that early first one. and the messengers to the churches having the same spirit of God in them will try to approximate the apostle of God. Now when you look at this word approximate is not an imitation right the leadership of the Holy Spirit will not come we can't say brother David I'm sorry to use you for an example but brother David and I both can't stand in this pulpit and say we both have the Holy Spirit and preach two entirely divergent ideas of what this message is. Amen. If we've got the Holy Ghost Amen. I'm saying both of us we have the Holy Ghost. It's going to bring us into where we're so aligned that we will literally, and this happens, we'll literally I go, I'm going to have to go home and tear up them notes cuz they'll sound like I'm preaching brother David's sermon. Amen. And he shared the same thing, my brother and sister. You see, God's not separating into two different ideas. Amen. A man says, "Why is their denomination?" Amen. I like this man. He was in a denomination, but he said, "It's because man's opinion of the word separates us." And there's the thing. We're not here for the opinion of man's word. What did the original say? Amen. Won't be exactly like him, but the true messengers will be the ones that come the closest to Paul, who is free of all men, sold out to God, gave forth the word of God only, and manifested the Holy Ghost in power. No one else would do. You have to work from the original as like beggets like. The true church will always be the one that tries to follow in the steps of her founders at Pentecost. And her messengers will follow the Apostle Paul, the first messenger, to the first church. It was that simple and that wonderful. Can someone say amen to that? Look, I'm going to hurry along here. Eve walked in the light until she was persuaded differently. That's right. Absolutely right. That's right. My brother and sister, he wasn't an unbeliever the whole time, but she stopped long enough to listen to someone's persuasion. Not the word. Persuasion, right? Another voice come to her and she gave heed to it. Amen. And the word has come. Can we say amen to that? The word has come and another voice come in this day. And what did that voice tell us to do? Go do what the word said. That's right. Really simple. Did I condense that down too far for us to grasp? Prophet said, "Keep it simple." Right? Holy Spirit keeps it simple. Condense it down. A prophet's message in this day condensed right down. Just do what the word says. That's right. Now, if there's no revelation of the word, you can't do what the word says. So then it right comes back that God's pouring revelation. Amen. Shining the light on a seed that already exists in you. That's right. Amen. God didn't come on the day you were saved and put a seed in you. Amen. That seed was there the whole time. Amen. Amen. Just do what God told you to do. Live the word. That's all you got to do. Now, in the message, three kinds of believers. Hurrying right along here. But the real believers don't question nothing. Now, see, if you take that, some people will say, "See, proof you're in a cult. You don't question anything." But you see, I don't need to question it when I hear truth. That's right. When I hear truth, I don't need to question it. Truth is truth. That's right. Amen. It's written in the word. They believe it. And they just go on. That's right. That's it. Always. It's written. If it isn't written, why you just stay away from it? No matter what happens, it's got to be written. See? And they say, and they see that written word and they believe it. And they see God moving in his word. They see the hour of the message, the time, and they walk with it. Amen. I want to be that kind of believer, fully persuaded. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh my. see what we can move right along here. Are we okay with some direct things? I'll close here. You see, if we're persuaded, we will honor God. That's right. Right. We want to honor him. That's right. And we'll present ourselves as sons and daughters of God. That's right. Okay. Don't justify your attitude. have the attitude of Christ. That's it. What will be the attitude that honors God? The spirit about us. Kind of like attitude but deeper. The spirit about us. What are we like? You know, Abselon had following. Sure did. What was his spirit? our clothes. My I don't mean to offend anybody, but I'll tell you. I think we ought to maybe clean our closets out, go through again and say, would I want to meet the Lord Jesus dressed like this? That's it. That's as far as I'm going to go on clothes. Would you be happy to meet the Lord Jesus in your closet? Oh, it's that's just not sisters. No, that's right. Absolutely right. No, that's not just sisters, my brother and sister. Our close. Period. Amen. See, if we're persuaded, our statement will be, I will honor God. Amen. Not I'm going to try to. I will honor God. If we're not persuaded, we'll always be pushing against it. Yeah, that's it. See, you see the example comes right out in the message. They said, "Well, Brother Brandham, we can't buy clothes." Brother Brandham said, "Well, they still make goods and sewing machines." But you see, they use that as an excuse that that um we're pushing against we're pushing against it. We're pushing against it. And to push against it legitimately, we need a reason. But it's the word. There's no reason will counterbalance the scale against the word. Satan would give you just piles and piles of reasons, but it won't counterbalance the scale of the word. I'm just going to run right down what these notes I wrote here. Amen. We we'll be pushing against it with our music, with our attitude, with our clothes, with our opinions. That's right, as though God would be influenced by us. Lord, I think the dress code is a little too strict. I can see God now. Well, you know, I've taken your opinion into account. Unfortunately, I can't unprint all of the scripture that's been printed through the ages. So, I'm going to maintain my position, and I suggest that you change yours. I don't even want to serve a God that could be changed by my opinion. And I'll tell you this as we close, only a religious spirit will be impressed by how close we can live to the world. That's exactly right. You want an example of that? Brother Brown talking about the chariots on the wall, the cliff going over the mountain. Yeah. I can drive so close to the world and I can drive so close to this edge. Maybe, you know, let me put it this way. I can drive so close to this edge. Legalism. I'll be blunt, sisters. You mind if I use you for an example? Thank you. Your dress dragging the ground will not make you any more of a believer. That's exactly right. But let's not go liberal and say, "I see a picture of Sister Rebecca standing there with her daddy and her dress, the tops of her kneecaps are showing." So, we have a Why don't we find middle ground? The prophet of God says, you know, drive against the wall, drive against the ledge. Just drive in the middle of the road. Is this all right? Nobody Nobody's feeling offended. I hope. See, we got to be persuaded, my brother and sister. It's the middle of the road. It's not this ditch. It's not this ditch. Amen. The middle of the road. Oh my. Come, Sister Ruth, if you would, please. Amen. Being persuaded Romans 8:37-39. Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors. This our original scripture. Through him that loved us. For I'm persuaded that neither death nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature shall be able. And I don't believe the Lord would be offended for me to change this. nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature shall be able to separate me. That's right. From the love of God which is in Christ Jesus. And you want to as I close here, you want to know one of the last great thoughts of persuaded is it's so incredible. God was persuaded that you're worth it. That's right. That to me is the greatest of all the things that would be persuaded. As he said, they're worth my blood. They're worth my life. They're worth what I will give for them. They're worth it. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's stand. Two roads. Amen. I don't want to sound bluff or whatever, but I will not be apologetic for preaching what the Lord laid on my heart. Amen. It's time for us saints. That's right. Oh, we're all spooked. The message is all spooked. The ripple has went through the message. A pope from America. What's that got to do with you doing what the word called you to do? The prophet didn't say, "Ah, when you see the Pope from America, then you go over here and you get it all sorted out." No. Over and over again, he says, "Now take this, put oil in your lamp, and live for him every day." Not the day that they elect the pope. You want to realize the conspiracies are already coming out? I don't know why I keep using this word conspiracies. Do you know this is right in the realm of the shortest time to confirm a pope ever? It's already settled. They already knew. Yeah. Why? Because they can't do anything but what the word led them. The Holy Spirit led them to choose that man in this season, in these circumstances. They had no other choice. That's right. Oh, but they they made the decision themselves. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Like the Holy Spirit never had any influence on mankind. Let me part this with you. Did Lot choose Sodom of his own choice? Do you know the truth of it is? Lot couldn't have chosen anything else because only two sides. Lot was on the plains of memory and Adam was in Sodom. I mean Adam Abraham in Sodom. No, no choice. Everything that was was an anointing, a desire placed. It was put there. Why are you here today instead of driving a go-kart at whatever that place is, Meridian? Playing putt putt golf today. Maybe even riding a water slide. I don't know. Maybe it's not open. I don't know. Yeah. Let me tell you. Talk about anointings. Driving by the lake. There's people out there that water running down the canal is the same water landing in that lake. I put my hand in the water, it's like that water is cold. And there's people out there enjoying the lake with no clothes on in that same water that makes me go brr. Talk about anointings. It's the age that we live in. Amen. Hallelujah. There are two roads you may take, one by side and one by faith. Take the word of God. Oh, what you see, what you believe is what your wings to the words of faith. You can fly a high Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Oh, watch your knees. Watch your cry. Watch your mountain. Oh, much too high. Speak the word of God. Oh, help us Lord to speak. I am by. It will move. You will fly. Set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Let your wings through the winds of faith. Oh, watch the goal in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive for the power that makes him rise is already in the sky. Set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. You not struggle. It's by grace set your way to the winds of faith. Amen. Amen. Let me sing the song. Uh, my hope is in the Lord. I stand in awe within the presence, the living sacrifice, the only source of life. Hallelujah. I stand in all within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the aes lie. For whom the rageing of the sea subside. A livinging sacrifice, the only source of life. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. stand of mercy's come with a rising sun. Who meet the sinner in his brokenness. Who offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. My trust, my trust is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh my trust is in the Lord forever more. Amen. Amen. When you're persuaded on something, just it means, you know, you believe in that so much. And with his word, what his word says to us. No matter I keep you all know doesn't what this flesh sees, what it feels, what it understands does not matter. What his word says I am persuaded. I am persuaded. What his word says is real. Every day that becomes more and more real to me. There is nothing else that matters. Praise his name. Hallelujah. Let's sing that song. The battle is the Lord's. It's his. It's all his. I give it all to him. What I'm going to do is going to screw it up. What he does matters. Amen. Help me out. I can't remember the the tune to this. There is a soul in times of need. that gives me hope, that brings me peace. In every trial, through every test, my savior stand in mighty defense. Oh, and the road you walk leaves you tired and warm all his strength is gone and your heart feels torn. Remember, God is greater than the stone. Take courage for battle is the Lord. When the waters rise, he calls my name and bids me come out on the way. He holds my hand lest I should falter and makes me stand upon the water. When the road you walk leaves you tired and warm, all your strength is gone and your heart feels torn. Remember, God is greater than the storm. Take courage for the battle is the Lord. Amen. Amen. I love the the words to that second verse. Bids me come out on the water. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. as we're dismissed this morning. Like to just sing that uh listen to your listen to our hearts. Amen. What is your heart crying out for this morning? How do you explain? How do you describe a love that goes from east to west and run deep as it is wide. You know all our hope. Lord, you know all our fear. When words cannot express the love we feel, but we long for you to hear. Listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. When words are not enough to tell you of our love, just listen to our heart. If words could fall like crane from these lips of mine. And if I had a thousand years, I would still run out of time. So if you listen to my heart, every beat will say, "Thank you for the life. Thank you for the truth. Thank you for the way. Listen to our hearts. Here our spirit sing the praise that flows for those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. When words are not enough to tell you of our love, just listen to our heart. Amen. Lord be with you this week. God bless each one of you. Happy Mother's Day again. Love you. God bless you.
