################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-07 - July 7, 2025  - Bro. Paul Haylett -  My Sheep #4 Adoption - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-07
Title:   July 7, 2025  - Bro. Paul Haylett -  "My Sheep #4" Adoption
Speaker: Paul Haylett
Church:  Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uoxfeOnZTu8
========================================

Description:
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Wonder. [Music] You do. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] He's my Lord. There is no other one who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. He gives rest to the weary. is who lie to the hopeless. There's no doubt about it. He's my Lord. Amen. You believe that this morning? I believe it because his word says it. Amen. You are you weary this morning? Amen. Hallelujah. I'd like to start out. Good morning, by the way. God bless each one of you. Good to be here. Amen. Number 402, living by faith. [Music] I care not today what the tomorrow may bring. If shadow or sunshine or rain, the Lord I know ruleth over everything and all of my worry is vain. I'm living by faith in Jesus above. I'm trusting confine in his great love from arms safe [Music] in his sheltering arms. I'm living by faith and I feel no alone. The tempest may blow and the storm clouds arise, obscuring the brightness of life. I'm never alarmed at the overcast skies. The master looks on at the strike. I'm living by faith in Jesus above. [Music] I'm trusting confineing in his great love. from harm's sake. He is sheltering on. I'm living by faith and I feel no alone. I know that he safely will carry me through no matter what evils be tied. Why should I then care though the tempest may blow if Jesus walks close to my side? I'm living by faith in Jesus above. I'm trusting confine in his great love. from arms safe in his sheltering on. I'm living by faith and I feel no alone. [Music] Our Lord will return to this earth some sweet day. Our troules will then all be old. A master so gently will lead us away beyond that blessed heavenly show. I'm living by faith in Jesus above. I'm trusting confounding in his great love. From arms safe in his sheltering arm. I'm living by faith and I feel no alone. [Music] Amen. Amen. I will sing of the mercies. This song's been on my heart the last couple days. Let's stand and sing this. Amen. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever. I will sing. I will sing. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord. my mouth shall I make known thy faithfulness. Thy faithfulness. With my mouth shall I make known thy faithfulness to all generation. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever. I will sing the mercies of the Lord. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever. I will sing. I will sing. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord. With my mouth shall I make known. Thy faithfulness. Thy faithfulness. With my mouth shall I make known thy faithfulness to all generation. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Number 195. Let's let's lift our hands and give him thanks. [Music] Give thanks [Music] with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Give thankful [Music] heart. Give thank to the holy one. give thank because he's given Jesus Christ his son. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. [Music] Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ it son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. [Music] Amen. We fall down. We fall down. Amen. We lay our crowns. We we fall down. We lay our ground at the feet of Jesus. The greatness of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. We cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. We fall down. We lay our crowns at the feet of Jesus. the greatness of your mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. We cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry, "Holy, holy, holy is the lamb." One more time. Amen. We fall down. We lay our crown at the feet of Jesus. the greatness of your mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. [Music] Amen. Amen. As we get ready to go to prayer this morning, ask our brother David if he would come. Um, not a lot of written requests down this morning. We just want to remember each one. and the brother Sergey and the family back east there. Brother Alex up north in uh for the wedding. Amen. And um just several others. I don't see our brother Vasilei this morning. I don't think I say that and then he'll poke his head out. So our sister April. Amen. Just all the different ones. Want to hold them up in prayer. Know we have a lot of lot of needs in the body this morning. Amen. Amen. We want to remember the Carpent family. Our sister Heather passed the other morning. Amen. Want to hold them up in prayer. Lord, just be their comfort. Amen. Brother Paul has a a number of unspoken requests he'd like to hold up this morning as well. So, if you have a need this morning, just lift it to the Lord. Amen. [Music] Let's bow before his presence. Our heavenly father, thou king of kings, lord of lords. We bow reverently in your presence, thanking you, Lord, for the revealing of yourself in us. How great thou art, oh God. How freely you've given us your word. Not just letter but the spirit of that word Lord to minister that forth through our lives through our walk through our talk. Oh God if anything has come between us take it from us Lord. Remove it through thy precious word. We are expecting you to speak this morning now as we bring these needs before you. Those that are traveling continue to give them traveling mercies. Inspire them. direct them, guide them, Lord. Those that aren't with us this morning, you know those that are not with us with their needs where they are. Lord, to remember the comfort that family, the lost loved one there in Canada. Father, we ask you to remember these, oh God. Those online, their needs, those that unspoken requests, minister to each one. Lord, these things aren't set in vain. We are here together bringing these needs to you expecting every one of them to be answered for you promised it and for your glory. We assemble ourselves giving ourselves to you to speak to our souls. Reveal yourself in us. And may we leave here raised to a higher plane to minister thy word forth, holding the word of life forth through the lives we live for the glory and praise of yourself who has called us and revealed to us who we are in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. And you have may have your seats. And God bless each one of you here this morning. Cody, it's like you brought some people with you. God bless you. Good to see you this morning. Amen. Any others I'm forgetting here? Hope seeing other visitors. Amen. Amen. I'd like to sing that little chorus of 395. There is a land. Had an experience the other day. Lost a cousin when I was very young, 5, 6 years old. I was pretty close to him. I wasn't even thinking about him. Something just came on me very very strongly has in the last couple days a couple more times. I just thought of this this song. Amen. Just the chorus. I haven't I don't know the verses well enough. There is a land I'm home sick for. Oh, I've never seen it before. I've got loved ones waiting on that shore. There is a land and it's not a million miles away or on some far off distant strand. I'll speed up and they'll slow down. There is so there is a land I'm home sick for though I've never seen it before. I've got loved ones waiting on that shore. There is a land and it's not a million miles away or on some far off distant sure. I'll speed up and they'll slow down. Amen. Amen. It's right there. It's right there. Amen. Amen. I bless your name. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. I give you honor. Give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name in prisoners chain with bleeding stripes. Paul and Silus prayed that night. And in their pain began to sing. Their chains were loose and they were free. Let's stand and sing this to him. Amen. Hallelujah. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you all give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Come midnight hour. If you should find you're in a prison in your mind. Reach out and pray. Defy those chains and they will fall in Jesus name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. Give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. Bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you all, give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. [Music] Amen. As we ask our brother Paul to come. Amen. Number 131. [Music] Oh Lord, you're beautyful. Your face is all I see. For when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds in me. Oh Lord, please light the fire that one burn bright and clean. He knew the lamb of my first love that burned with holy fear. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. Lord, you're beautiful. [Music] Your face is all I see. For when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds in me. Oh Lord, please light the fire that once burn bright and clean. Renew the lamb of my first love that burned with holy fear. Amen. Just tell him one more time. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. As our brother Paul comes, oh Lord, you're beautiful. [Music] Your face is all I see. For when your eyes are child, your grace abounds in me. Could we just take a moment and just lift our hands and our hearts and say, "Thank you, Lord, for your grace abounds in me." Amen. Your love that knows no boundary, knows no limit. that you would think of us, Father, that you would care so much about us, that you would come to us and so softly and so tenderly just start calling our name that we would have that confidence to step out. Lord, help us just to step out and trust you with all that we are, everything of our life, Lord. every situation. Father, we just commit it to you and we lift our hands this morning and we say thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. How we love you. How we love you today. Oh, we just bless your holy name, Lord. We just lift you on high. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you each and everyone today. Just thank the Lord for his grace and mercy. God bless you girls. Sister Rebecca, is that you? Yes. Been away to college and home, I guess, for summer. Amen. Each one of you, God bless you. It's good to see you. Um, reminds me. I do have a little note here on little reminder for Paul because I think I'm getting old or something. But, um, we want to remember Sister Alice. Uh, she's down Salt Lake on her, um, um, crazy. See, I just forgot what that was. Internship. There it is. We want to just remember her. Uh, all those traveling. Uh, our sister Toma, I'm guessing, still in the Ukraine. and just be with her her family there. Uh Aaliyah will be coming home from Alaska tomorrow. Uh travel mercies for her. I want to uh let you know so I don't forget brother Jonah Mi will be here next Sunday, this coming Sunday and we will be having a potluck fellowship to follow that. So looking forward to uh brother Jonah being here. Uh those of you don't know him, I believe you will enjoy brother Jonah. He is just down to earth, just a plain old guy. Uh and uh so we we just look forward to that and certainly want to welcome uh the Floyd family. Uh longtime friends and well, it's a big story and we'll just let the Lord unfold it. But glad to see all of you here this morning. Amen. So let's just turn in our Bibles today to John the 10th chapter. Thank you, musicians. You know, I had this wild and crazy thought that, you know, we we should ban holidays and vacations. And then I remembered I like to take them myself, so we probably won't do that. But uh we miss each and every one when when they're not here. Amen. John the 10th chapter starting with verse 7 uh through verse 21. And I want to speak to you this morning on the topic once again of my sheep. Uh but concerning adoption. Amen. So as we look at this, you see each and everyone must come to adoption. We must come to a place that that uh we see who we are, why we're placed where we're placed. And I was just reading up, I wanted to have a little understanding of adoption in a broader sense. And uh I come across an article written by a young lady that um was of mixed heritage uh and uh Chinese and Indian and um she was talking about what she experienced. She's now a Christian and know what she experienced. And she says, "You see, if we're not careful with the wrong perspective concerning adoption, we believe that it's possible that someone would adopt us because they feel sorry for us." And I just want to put that out this morning as we're talking about adoption. Uh there was no feelings that I'm sorry for these and I will adopt them because I feel sorry for them. But to put it upfront so we can hold this in our thoughts. Uh adoption that is truly an adoption from the heart, loves, cares for and wants to be a part of. It is a choice. And so we look at that. No, I feel sorry. Amen. Our Lord Jesus didn't come and say, you know what, I think I'll die in the cross because I feel sorry for these people. But he come because he loved us and says I choose you and uh I just thank the Lord for that. Amen. John 10:7 Then said Jesus unto them again, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep. All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers, but the sheep did not hear them." Can someone say, "Thank you, Lord." Amen. I am the door. By me, if any man enter in, he shall be saved. He shall go in and out and find pasture. Now this reference of pasture is a place to be fed, a place to find comfort, a place to rest. So it is that if we would go, we will find this place of rest. We will be fed and we will find comfort in the presence of our Lord Jesus Christ. The thief cometh not but to steal, for to steal and to kill and destroy. I am come that they might have life, that they might have it more abundant. Now, I want to I don't mean to draw this out, keep you standing, but uh just a few comments because we more than likely will not come back to them. My brother and sister, it's one thing to have life. People have life. Miserable people have life. But to have it abundant, that is that measure of life that only comes from our Lord Jesus Christ. When it comes in abundance, it changes forever. Amen. You know, I love to read. I just read an article the other day. This man says a little thing that caught my attention. Well, I'll never buy another lottery ticket. And I thought, now, why would a man say that? Now, we don't believe in that. We don't really see that as an answer. It's just uh you're you're hoping, you're gambling, you're what? But this man's talking about how he won a substantial amount of money and it ruined his life. Amen. So there he thought when he won this that oh I'm going to have life now. I'm going to have this great and all it did is bring sorrow to him. So we want to have life and have it more abundantly. I am the good shepherd and the good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep. But he that is a hirling and not the shepherd, whose own sheep are not, seeketh the seeth the wolf coming, and leaveth the sheep, and fleth. And the wolf catcheth them, and scatterth the sheep. The hirling fleth, because he is an hireling, and carth not for the sheep. I am a good shepherd, and know my sheep, and have known of mine. As the Father knoweth me, even so I know the Father, and I lay down my life for the sheep. And other sheep I have which are not of this fold, them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice, and there shall be onefold, and one shepherd. Therefore doth my father love me, because I lay down my life that I might take it again. No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. And one more comment I'd like to say here. This is exactly our position. No one should be here saying you've got to lay your life down. We should be saying, "Lord, I recognize I must lay my life down." Because if we lay our life down grudgingly, we lay it down with resistance. We haven't really laid it down. But when we come and lay it down, our Lord Jesus says, "You know what? I laid my life down. I did this. I was not forced. I willingly have done this." Say amen. No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it again. This commandment have I received of my father. There was a division therefore again among the Jews of these sayings. And many of them said, he hath a devil, and is mad. Why hear ye him? And others said, these are not the words of him that hath a devil. Aren't you glad we can hear the word today that it's not the words of someone that has a devil? Can a devil open the eyes of the blind and think of that as natural and spiritual? Heavenly Father, we just ask you Lord just to come speak to our hearts today. Lord, we love you and certainly in the day that we live in everything that's in this earth, this world, all of the tragedy, all of the struggle, Father, we need you. You are the peace, the calm in the center of the storm. And we thank you for the opportunity to come today to hear your word. Lord, may we speak words that would be encouraging. In the precious name of Jesus Christ, we ask. Amen. You may be seated, saints. Amen. Now, as the scripture has said here, there's only one door which man can enter by. And the scripture really is very, very clear. It's not the door of the church. Amen. We have a commission to to not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together. But entering the door of the church will not solve our problems. Amen. We can meet God on the back side of a desert and he has many people on the mountaintop in the in the valleys deep. Uh we can even meet him in the miry clay. But it's there that lays out a clear plan. We see this scripture. If you look at it uh very carefully, you'll see a clear picture of salvation's plan of how God is coming and how the word has come to you and I. And we understand that no man has ever sought God, but it's always God seeking us. And so I I thank the Lord for that because when we recognize that he's seeking us, we'll recognize that when he come to you, that wasn't a man doing that. That wasn't a program doing that. Uh but it was God himself coming and and coming to you, coming to uh your portion of the pasture as it were, coming to your place where you live. And and you might say, "Well, that wasn't or isn't a very good spot at the moment." But you see, it doesn't matter because God came to you there. He came to you on your good days, on your bad days. And and so it's there. Now, we'll look at this as we'll study this out. we will see that Jesus is speaking in a fashion that denotes ownership, my sheep. He doesn't say some sheep or those sheep, but he says my sheep. And so we have to recognize that by that he is actually making a claim that denotes ownership. In other words, we have an identity that is confined or brought into him. Amen. I don't think anyone in their right mind would say, "I want to be the devil's sheep." You know, he he puts them in a pasture of briars and thistles and no water and starves them down and causes them to eat, you know, ragweed and cause them to eat all of these other things that that do and and I want to be his sheep. No, my brother and sister, we want to walk into the valley, amen, of the shadow of death where we would fear no evil. Amen. that we can simply walk in this life without a single fear of what this world has. Amen. You know, you you listen to some of these these people and they're they ask people on the on the streets, they ask questions and you know, uh it's interesting because uh even into our younger generations, while some people say the younger generations aren't interested in serving God, but that's not what they admit when they're asked questions on the street. What do you think of the future? What do you think of this? And and they say, you know, there's got to be someone to save us. There's got to be someone who cares enough about us to save us. Well, do you think that's a president or a government? No, I don't. It will take someone greater than that. And so, you see, there's a longing within the heart of these young people that they're looking because they know that the direction the world's going right now, it will not end well. Amen. And so there's something inside of them that is speaking out because they're desiring to be saved. But you see that uh ideas that have been presented or instilled into them leave them without a hope because they're not even sure there is a God. Now, my brother and sister, I I just, you know, I'm kind of different uh in the way I study and I go look at some kind of oddball type stuff, but I I really want to just have an idea of where they're at because you see where they're at shows us where we're at. Amen. as they're coming to the place, religious men talking about the Bible as just being a book of stories that we cannot take it serious and we're not going to uh present this to our church because we don't want to give them a false hope. My brother and sister, if that's what's being fed from the pulpit, no wonder the people are disturbed. No wonder they're sitting there questioning whether there really is a hope, whether salvation is real, whether there is eternal life. But what we need is some men who are not hierlings that will stand up and say, "You know what? This is what the word says, and this is where I pin my hope. And I don't have any other place to go. I certainly don't trust it to the government, to this people, to that people, but I will trust it to my Lord Jesus Christ." And so when we come into that and recognize as Jesus is speaking and to make this emphasis my sheep. Amen. There's an identity there that he is declaring that there are people on the earth today that he has identified as his people. And somebody ought to be happy about that to be able to say, you know what, I'm glad I can be identified as God's people. Amen. That he has claimed ownership. It'd be one thing for you and I to say he we we are his sheep, but it's quite another when he himself says you are my sheep. Amen. And so it's there that uh his sheep, my sheep, uh he knows and is known. Amen. Amen. And that's the beauty of it. He knows and is known. Amen. and he doesn't leave it as a mystery out there of who could possibly qualify for this or who would be good enough, who would be in the right place at the right time. None of that matters, my brother and sister, as we spoke these last few Sundays, he'll go out to the canyon, to the abyss. Amen. And to those that have lived and gone to the edge of the abyss, amen, you fully understand what it is for the Lord Jesus to come to you and find you where you are at. Amen. And so Ephesians uh the first chapter verses 5-14 he said having predestinated us into adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. So you see there's nowhere in this equation that is actually our will. Our will is molded to his will. Now he knows that there's something in us that desires. There's something there and that was God himself. So if you are feeling pulled to a certain direction, God moving in your life doing these things, realize it's God himself standing in your midst, pulling you, Amen, into adoption to the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved. in whom we have redemption through his blood, forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace, wherein he hath abounded towards us, and all wisdom and prudence. This is a part of living life in abundance. Amen. That God himself has abounded towards us wisdom and prudence, having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure, which he hath per purposed in himself. Amen. So, here's the whole plan of God. It is not for us, my brother and sister, to figure out why God would call us. It is not for us to figure out how God is calling us. It's for us to recognize that he is calling us. And when we recognize that he is calling us and is making the way before us, then we start to recognize that we were always in the plan of God. Not, you know, people say, "Well, I I got saved uh at this certain time at camp meeting, at a revival. I got saved in a little church in the country. I got saved here. I got saved there." My brother and sister, actually, really what that was is you were saved before the foundation of the world cuz God said, "I knew you and I chose you and I've never lost a single one." Amen. So that doesn't mean we're going to go live like the devil because we can't be lost because that's not the nature of God. Amen. So if we have the spirit of Christ, we will also have his nature. And his nature is not to live outside the boundaries of the word, but his nature is that we submit. We recognize this is who I am. And so in that place right there to understand his will. Amen. that he has come and he purposed himself to reveal to you and I. So someone might say, "I got saved at this time or that time." I would like to put it this way. That's the time you recognized who you were. Amen. It had nothing to do with salvation cuz your salvation come from before the foundation of the world. But now is a time of recognizing. Amen. in a time of identity that we see that God speaking to us, shining the light in such a fashion. You know, I know this is probably a crazy analogy, but you know, you might have someone helping you. I've done it a million times. Uh I I I learned this as a as a young boy. Amen. I know that Cody will totally recognize what I'm doing and and dad will say, "Hey, shine the light right down here so I can see what I'm doing." Amen. And we're there. Our mind is somewhere else and we are shining the light. Praise God. I am shining the light. And then they finally say, "Would you shine it where it's supposed to be shown?" Because we were shining it here and or moving, you know. Oh, my nose is itching. Oh, yeah. Yes. Uh but you see, my brother and sister, God comes and he doesn't randomly flicker the light across your life. He comes and he shines the light down into our life and it lights up those things in our life that we need to see. And one of the primary things we need to see is how much we need the Lord Jesus Christ in our life. That that's one of the greatest things that we need. People say, "I'm looking for deep revelation." Well, let me tell you, recognizing who you are in Jesus Christ is a very deep revelation. Amen. Otherwise, the light flickers all around us. We can feel religious. We can feel a lot of things, but it won't shine long enough to reveal who you are. But by God's grace, he shines it and focuses it right down upon us. Amen. I love these scriptures here. I I really do. It It is so so precious to me. And as you look at this, having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure, which he has purposed in himself, that in the dispensation of the fullness of times, he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven and which are in earth, even in him, in whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who workketh all things after the council of his own will. Now, let me just put this clarification on predestination. The correct understanding and interpretation of predestination is not God forcing us. Amen. Predestination is God knowing what's in your heart. Amen. A seed. And every seed must bring forth of its own kind. And so him knowing the seed that's in you, he can make a wholehearted declaration to the devil and the rest of creation and say this is a son or daughter of God because he sees the seed. Amen. You don't plant a corn seed and get a bean. Amen. You do not pass plant wheat and get a thistle. Amen. So every seed and you look at this how that God is working because it's his purpose. So his seed planted is purpose. Amen. I love inheritance. I think that's just really awesome. Natural, spiritual, but really I want to focus on the spiritual because the natural inheritance, well, there'll come a day that that's going to all go up in smoke. Yeah. We can work for earthly treasure. We can do everything we can do to come to great means on this earth. And yet if a man lose his soul, man, I mean it's we don't even need to go down that. I'll get sidetracked here this morning. Amen. That we should be the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ, in whom he also trusted at you heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation, in whom also after that ye believe you were sealed with that Holy Spirit of promise. Amen. Aren't you glad with that ceiling? Amen. That God comes right down and he puts that promise in the heart and you say, "But I I knew a person here. I knew a person there that served the Lord and then just fell away." My brother and sister, there's some things that I don't know how we explain these things. I I'm not going to judge it because, you know, uh just you you meet people, you encounter people that uh you know, grew up in church, left the Lord, lived righteously for 30 or 40 years, and one day wake up and say, "I've got to serve God. I've got it." So, let's not get to a point we think that somebody has tossed away their salvation. They've become distracted. Satan has thrown something before them that has caused them to to be uh pulled away. But my brother and sister, here again, when God puts a seed in a person and then declares that that seed is his seed, when the light shines on it, amen, it will grow. And when it grows, you will not deny that. Amen. We've we've seen it through the years. I I just remember one time doing construction work and and uh right here in Nampa, we were bid a bunch of work for the city of Nampa's uh housing rehab program. And these are houses typically, sorry to if it sounds bad, but north of the tracks and rough neighborhoods and and the houses had been run down. Many of them were elderly people with no family that cared and and they owned their home, but they were not able to maintain uh uh you know, broken windows, broken doors, shingles that were off and and all of this kind of stuff. And the city had a program that they would go in there and and they would rehab these houses uh uh uh for, you know, with the guidelines and and my brother and sister, I know this has nothing to do with rehabing a house, but it's what brought me to see this. And here was a house, a little old lady, very sweet elderly lady, and and she had family right here in this valley, but they simply just were were uh um what's the right word? Um, I I want to use my You guys won't mind if I use my language. They could care less. They never paid one bit to the condition their mother was living in. But I remember the first day we walked up to go in this house to bid it. In the cracks of the sidewalks were flowers, beautiful flowers growing. And something spoke to my heart and I thought of all the places that a beautiful flower would grow. How would it be that in the crack of a sidewalk? But you see that seed was ordained to life. How the seed got in the crack of the sidewalk, we have no idea. There were no flowers like this around it. But it didn't say I can't grow. Right. I'm in the crack of a sidewalk. I can't grow because I'm not in the correct environment. It said I'm a beautiful flower. It's been predestinated the seed to produce these beautiful uh uh bulbs, these beautiful uh flowers. Uh it's in me. It's just who I am. And so even in the crack of a sidewalk, it expressed itself. Now, I'm telling you today, my brother and sister, when we recognize that the life that God has placed in you and I is so strong, so powerful, so predestinated to come to life, that don't use your condition, your situation, where you are at as an excuse of why you can't. Amen. If a flower can grow in a sidewalk, you can grow in Christ wherever he has planted you. Amen. And and so we want to just take that and hold that as a promise and say, Lord, I am as that little flower where you have placed me. I will still produce a beautiful flower. Amen. I will blossom. I will bring forth light and I'll show the beauty of who I am. Amen. After you've heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation, in whom after that ye believed, you were sealed by that holy spirit of promise, which is the earnest of our inheritance. So understand that this is not our inheritance in its entirety, but it is an earnest, a down payment of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession and to the praise of his glory. So we can say, well, does it get better than this? Let me tell you my brother and sister, according to every promise in the word of God, it gets much better than this. Amen. It is more than anything. Just think of the mountain majesty grandeur that we have seen. And and you see that brother Adrian just sent me some pictures here recently uh taken up in Glacier Park. I don't know if it was from this year. I think it might have been last year, but but he's sending me pictures and and you look at that and it is so incredible how beautiful it is, my brother and sister. But I wouldn't want to make that my home year round. Amen. You know, when they uh when they plow the roads about this time of year and they still plow four or five feet of snow, how could anything grow there? But you look after the sun, Amen, has risen. Amen. No matter what the condition, no matter the coldness of its environment, that flower predestinated to grow, it grows and it puts forth a beautiful essence before God. Amen. That's our lives. Amen. Now, let's look go along before we get into more commentary. Romans the 8th chapter and uh so first verse he says, "There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus." So, let's just stop letting the devil cause ourselves to beat ourselves. Amen. What we need to do is get into Christ Jesus. And so, then there will be no condemnation. Who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit. For the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death. Amen. Isn't it good? We're no longer slaves. Amen. I'm glad we are no longer slaves, but we are free. Amen. So it's there that we can walk after the spirit. For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are after the spirit the things of the spirit. For to be carnally minded is death. Amen. But to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Because the carnal mind is immity against God. For it is not subject to the law of God. Neither indeed can it be. That's right. So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God. Amen. We don't we don't even need a great revelation of the scripture to realize that when we're just living making this flesh happy. Amen. That it does not fit within the plan of God. It is it is not what God would ordain. But yet the flesh likes it. Amen. You know it took me a lot of years to realize I was addicted to sugar. And you know the more that you eat sugar. Have you ever had somebody make just a incredibly good cookie? Oh yes. Yes. Someone say amen. Can you eat just one? Is it because it's an incredible cookie that you can't eat just one? Let's get into a little science of nutrition here. Amen. Actually, when you take a bite of that cookie, there's little things in your body that get excited at the presence of sugar. It doesn't say, "I want more flour." It doesn't even really cry out and say, "I'm going to eat more oatmeal." Your body actually cries out for the sugar. Yeah. And now I'll take that back on the oatmeal because there was a doctor once that Jerry and I visited and he took oatmeal and put pomegranate juice and all kinds of things in that and then put it in the refrigerator and let it sit there for a day or two and then was telling me now Paul if you'll just eat this you'll feel better and every sense that I had says not going to happen. He was pretty healthy though, I had to admit, a lot healthier than I was. But you see, my brother and sister, this is the way being carnally minded is. We go out into the world and we become partakers of the world and we take one bite of those things and and it begs us to take another bite. It begs us to take a to enter in a little deeper, you know, and as the prophet said, you know, uh sin will take you further than you ever that's not his exact words, but than you ever intended to go because you take a bite and that takes another bite and another bite and and it just completely comes to the place that we are. And oh, let me put it this way. The idea of the addiction to sugar is not Paul's idea. Amen. It's a very much a proven idea. Amen. So you there. But in the meantime, while I'm eating this oatmeal cookie that tastes so good, I'm saying sugar can't be as bad as they say it is because my body likes it. Well, just think about when we are in sin and trespass. We are there. The atmosphere, our body, our spirit says, "I like this. It's not as bad as a preacher says it is." not as bad as what the word of God says it is because otherwise I couldn't enjoy it as much as I do. Well, my brother and sister, there are all kinds of addictions. Amen. So, you look at that. If we're in the flesh, we cannot please God. But you're not in the flesh, but in the spirit. Now, let me just Do I need to repeat what I just said about addictions? Amen. Let me tell you, when you get in the spirit, Amen. you get in the presence of God. When you get in that atmosphere, you're not happy with just one bite. Amen. You're not happy with just once in a while entering into that. And this is the thing, my brother and sister. Sometimes when when people don't seem to really be committed, you know, it's because they've got too many other things in their spiritual appetite that they're they're filling it up. you know, kind of like uh you know, I've I've seen my grandkids do this. You know, can Grammy, can I have a cookie? And they eat a cookie and then you realize the whole package is gone. And then it's Grammy has fixed supper and they're like, we're not hungry. So, see what it is. If we're appetite is on too many other things besides the word, besides the things of God, that doesn't mean you never enjoy yourself, that you don't get to enjoy a good book or whatever it might be. But my brother and sister, when you indulge too much in those things, you're filled up. Amen. And you won't be filled on the right things. Amen. Amen. So they that are in the flesh cannot please God. But you're not in the flesh, but in the spirit. If so be the spirit of God dwell in you. And now if any man have not the spirit of Christ, he's none of his. So we're looking at adoption here. And if a if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin, but the spirit is life because of righteousness. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you. That's our goal, right? To have that spirit dwelling in us. Amen. He that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal body by his spirit that dwelleth in you. Can you find anywhere in these scriptures where it says, "Sign your name on the book and be faithful in attendance and you're a Christian and going to heaven?" No. See, this is the problem that we've had. Religion has morphed into something. We got a mortgage to pay. We've got this to do. We've got that to do. What we need you to do is feel the need to come and come to church and be faithful to just come to church. But my brother and sister, a real true body of believers wants to live in that spirit. They want to live in that presence. And the rest of this does not matter. Our name on a book. Nowhere in scripture does it say put your name on a book. Amen. Other than to know that our name is on the uh lamb's book of life. But you see, we come and this is where the distortion comes because man is wanting to do it man's way. Man is trying to organize and put it in place that that this is our idea of what it takes to be a good faithful Christian. I'll tell you what it takes to be a good uh faithful Christian is get the spirit of him that raised Christ from the dead in us. And when that spirit is in us, it will change our world so radically that we will then look and and where we used to have bitterness and and maybe even to the degree of hatred, uh enmity, uh uh all of those kind of things, the the Holy Spirit just comes and starts to wash that away. And we find oursel then cleansed. And my brother and sister, the person you forgave may never change, but you will. Amen. You absolutely will. But you can hold on to bitterness and imnities, and you will find like a cancer, it will eat you and never touch them. Amen. That's right. Ouch. See how slick slippery the devil is? He comes in there and we self-destruct ourself and we try to blame it on someone else. But the word says you just let that go and commit that to the Lord and let him deal with it and he'll set it in order. Amen. But if we're out of order, how can we expect him to set them in order? He wants to start with us. Amen. He wants to set us in order. Now, people say, "Well, I I don't know that I can accept that. And I I I want to, you know, I want to see God do something, God, to judge them. My brother and sister, just judge yourself. Amen. Judge yourself before God with a clean heart, a conscience, and let God commit them to God. God will hear your prayer. Amen. He will, won't he? He hears our prayers. He promised that he would. So, here it is. These are the signs. You wonder why I'm going down this road. These are the signs of sons and daughters of God coming into adoption. You see, we can't say we've been adopted and have his spirit and still have bitterness and envy and strife and chaos in our life. Amen. I'm talking about uh uh internal chaos, not external chaos. Amen. We can't say that we have the spirit of Christ and we have envys and strifees. Amen. We got to come to the place that we say, you know what? I I'm going to I'm going to This sounds selfish. It sounds really selfish. I'm sorry it sounds selfish, but I'm going to start by taking care of me. And when I get me washed and under the blood of Jesus Christ, I'm going to then start praying. Amen. You know, let me tell you, uh you know, sometimes the Lord anoints you. One time a sister down in Chile, she come and she says, "Brother Paul, I I need you to pray that uh my my son, you know, that the Lord would just show his love to him and and just draw him in. He's he's backsliding. he's going out to the world and all of this stuff and and she's telling me she's she's actually dictating the prayer to me and and pray that God would talk to him like this and pray that God would do this and pray that God would do that. When she's all done, I looked at her and said, "Sister, I'll pray that God just makes your son so miserable." No, no, no, no, no, no. You want him saved or not? What you're wanting to do is have God lavish Yeah. this upon your child. Why don't you just get serious and say, "You know what, husband, wife, son, daughter, whatever it might be, Lord, just let them be so miserable." Yes, sir. That they come to a place they realize only one can fix me. Amen. Only one can change my world, and that's you, Lord. That's right. Amen. But as long as, catch my point, we're trying to dictate to God for him to save them. Exactly. Like this. Amen. You're still holding on. You're the one that still thinks you have enough control. Amen. To tell God, "This is how you need to do your plan." He's the one who wrote the plan of redemption. Amen. He's the one who implemented salvation. He's the one that did the calling. He's the one that made the seed, planted the seed, watered the seed, and brought the seed to life. And we're trying to tell him, don't put that flower in the crack of the sidewalk. Put the flower over here in this well-prepared uh garden space or this deal right here on the house. That's where the flower belongs. But God chose to put the flower in the crack of the sidewalk. But he also made it possible for that flower to flourish. Amen. Amen. Don't blame God or anyone else for your circumstance if you haven't gave your circumstance to him. Amen. That's exactly got no right to complain. Therefore, brethren, we are debtors, not to the flesh to live after the flesh. For if you live after the flesh, you shall die. But if ye through the spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live. For as many and I highlighted this in my notes. For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. Amen. Let Lord, I just ask you. I lift a hand this morning. Lord, lead me. Amen. Amen. I believe I'm a son of God. Lord, lead me. Amen. Amen. For you have not received the spirit of bondage. That's right. Now, my brother and sister, as I want to emphasize on this, this spirit of bondage can be many things. We would see someone who's a drug addict and we'd say they're in bondage. We someone who's an alcoholic, they're in bondage. We we see people that different things in their life that control their life, we say they're in bondage. But my brother and sister, we can also come and find ourselves in a spiritual bondage. Amen. And you know, if we're thinking it's by our works that we are going to gain heaven, you're in a bondage. Amen. If you think that you are never going to be worthy of the gospel, you are actually in bondage. Amen. But to come to a position to recognize that you are in adoption. In other words, when God called you and said, "I want to make you a son or a daughter." Amen. That he has made a way for you. You are not now in bondage. Now, I want you to hear me. Hear me well so you don't misunderstand. If you think that God's bringing you into adoption because he felt I already hit on this earlier because he felt sorry for you, you are mistaken and you are in a deeper bondage than you recognize. It is nothing but the grace of God that he said, "I chose you and I want to call you by my name and I want to make you a son or daughter and I'm going to do this at my expense." and know you can never do enough to earn this. But if you will just allow me to work through you, in other words, let me give you my name. And when we receive his name without prejudice, you will not be adopted into bondage. You will be adopted into liberty. Amen. Now, this young woman I was telling you about the article I read, she said that there was things in her childhood and she recognized later her adoptive parents had never met ill by this, but you know uh they they uh would make little statements when she was young girl after she had found out she was adopted that you know we adopted you so you would have a better life. And she said, "I always resented that because they had no idea what life I would have had if I stayed in the beginning, right? And she said, "I I resented that, but when I became a Christian, I started to really understand what they were talking about because you see, there was evidence that the other life would have not been a good life." Amen. And we as sons and daughters of God have a great amount, a great host of witness of evidence that our life before adoption was not a good life. But after adoption, we realize that we have been loved and we have been cherished and we have been brought into a place to to grow and to be nurtured. And she made this uh statement. She said, "I never understood that until I had my first child." And then suddenly, she said, "I I I have a baby. I'm going to have a baby. I'm going to have a baby." But when that baby was born, something she said, just like turned over in her heart and it really soaked in when she looked at the birth certificate the first time and it completely identified this child with her and her husband. Maybe we need to find our birth certificate in Jesus Christ and look at it and recognize it doesn't say that we grudgingly were accepted but we were claimed and called into the family not to be condemned to be part of the family but you see to give us liberty. We've not received a spirit of bondage again to fear, but you have received the spirit of adoption whereby we cry, "Aba, Father." And that interpreted is my father. My father, amen. The spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. I'm telling you, my brother and sister, isn't it beautiful in the day that we live how that God has so come, I don't get up in the morning and say, "Should I be a son of God? Can I be a son of God? I get up in the morning and I say, "Thank you, Lord. I am a son of God." Amen. I I'm not hoping to be. If everything goes right, I can be. But he chose me because he knew who I was from the very beginning. He knows who you are from the very beginning. We are the children. And if children, then heirs. Heirs of God and joint airs with Christ. If so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together. Isn't that beautiful? Amen. Now, look, there's something in us, and I'm just preaching from my heart, okay? Just But look at this. There's something in us that's always yearning for more. I I since I was a little boy, I've always had something that just yearned and yearned and yearned and yearned. I was raised, you know, how I was raised. We'll just leave it like that. Amen. and and you know it was there but there was always something that just wanted a little something more something different and I never could identify it. Amen. There was a time in my life I had plenty of money. Those of you that know my my story, you know, here I am living like a homeless person in the in the southwest and I had thousands of dollars under the pickup of my seat and somebody say they're building condos over here in Timbuktu and I would run over there and go to work because I thought ah maybe there'll be just something about this job that'll make a difference. And when I go out there earning good wages for the time and the season and it would be there and I would still go sleep in my pickup because I worshiped money one that's hard to confess. I was like I'd rather sleep in my pickup than spend this money. Rent an apartment. What a waste of money. Because I'll never be there. Because I'll be off searching for something to make me happy. Yeah, I could get off into the weeds, something yearning for something more. But God come and he says, "What I've got is a foretaste for you." That's right. this glorious life, all that I have done for you is nothing but a foretaste. Now, this actually hurts me because it's been used against me. But, you know, they have proven that the um first two or three bites of ice cream is the maximum sensory that you will have. All the rest of it is just repetitive motion seeking to get that very first euphoric taste of what? The sugar. You ever ate sugar-free ice cream? Does it compare? Not even close. So, what's the difference? The sugar. Amen. And Satan wants to sugar everything in our life that we will pursue that. But you see God come and says, "I'm not going to sugar you. I'm not going to, you know, rub you the right way." Right? The old parable of the cat, you know, as long as you stroke him the right direction, everything will be fine. I'm not going to do that for you. But what I'm going to do is put a hunger in your heart and I'm going to leave you in a condition where where you say, you know what, there's just nothing satisfies like this. Amen. The foretaste gives us a desire for more. The manifestation, what is it, my brother and sister? This is not just about being a Christian. There's millions of Christians that only half-heartedly go to church to serve God. But my brother and sister, I don't want to be one of those. Amen. I want to come and be a manifestation of what the word has declared we will be. And I just gave you a few glimpses of that. You see this manifestation is us coming not into into just an adoption but our goal is full adoption. Now look here in the quote Revelation chapter 5 part one we'll look at this. Oh do you see it all creation is groaning said Paul everything is groaning. Look at the trees how they struggle. Look at the flowers how they struggle for life uh just for the frost to tear them down. Look at the trees. How they struggle to hold their branches out to sing glories into God's sea. Everything, all nature, all animals, all birds. How he flies from the enemy quickly and gets away. Everything groaning. And we ourselves, said Paul, we groan too with them. For we are waiting for the redemption of our body. But now, now they did all those years until now. Now we have the earnest of our inheritance. Oh my. What do we have? We have the evidence that God lives. Now, people would say, "Well, they've had evidence through the ages." But God wanted you to have the evidence. God wanted you to be able to say, "I know that Christ in me." Amen. I know that I have a hope. Amen. I know this that you personally not looking to the preacher and say, "Man, our preacher is a godly, Holy Ghostfilled man. He's going to make a rapture. What about you?" Amen. God wants you to see that this was all meant for you. Amen. That brings you into this place where you're able to say, "Praise God. I'm a child of God. Praise God. I'm a son." Amen. Amen. Now, look at this. Look at this. We have the evidence that God lives. We have the evidence that God is with us. And I hope you can lift a hand and say amen to that. We have evidence that God has not forsaken us. that we are his and he are I uh and he is ours because we in our bodies uh now tabernacle the holy spirit of god that cries aba father my father my father amen thank you lord for your blessings today you know so I've shared this with the church I think or anyway maybe it was at communion time but Jerry and I was coming down orchard one day to church on a Sunday morning and uh I I know that the people It was just a man and his wife and and I don't believe there was any intent to to just cut us off on the road. But uh it was just the grace of God. He just pulls off the road right out in front of us and I swerve to the right and you know it's pretty close when his wife's face is about right here. My brother and sister. Oh, I was spared from being in an accident. It's deeper than that. You see, God cares enough about us. He spares us, but he also spared them. And they were dressed up. Look like they were probably going to church. Amen. You imagine how I would feel today if we had struck her car, their car in the door. It probably would have killed the lady. And I would be under this burden all these days of I was in an accident that killed a lady. But you see, God rich in mercy comes down in every aspect of our life. And we say, "Wow, you were lucky. I don't believe in luck." I'm sorry, my brother and sister. I am blessed, but I am not lucky. Amen. Now, you look at that and realize what God's doing. He's coming down giving us a earnest of our inheritance that he's there with us. Amen. Guiding us, got his hand on our life in every situation. And we'll find that if we will trust him and commit to him, we'll start to realize that he is there present. Amen. We have evidence God's with us. He has not forsaken us. We are his. He is ours. Because in our bodies, we now tabernacle the Holy Spirit of God. Holy Spirit's not just in the church. It's in you. Amen. It's not just here that we come brush shoulders with God a little bit, my brother and sister. We get to take him everywhere we go. Amen. and he gets to be our constant companion. And in that realm right there, we start to realize this is only a foretaste. What will it be to receive the full adoption? Now, we're anchored in Christ. Now, the trees do not have it. Nature doesn't have it. But yet, we are still groaning with them because as yet we haven't received the fullness of our adoption. I've heard it preached and people say, "Praise God, we're we have the absolute fullness of but this isn't correct because we look at this. We have the earnest of it that we were picked from the things of the world and now become sons and daughters of God." What kind of people should we be? Oh my, when we think of that, think of it. Amen. Full adoption, my brother and sister, is a translation of this body. Amen. the full uh resurrection, rapturing of this body is the full adoption. But you see, God's given us now when we talk about foretaste. Have you ever noticed? Any of you, you know, I I'm slowly breaking my habit, but you know, if you go down to Stella's, you know what? Do you guys know who Stella is? Stella's the really nice grandmother lady that has ice cream just down the street here. But you go to Stellas and I tested this theory. I had a guy tell me one day, "Do you eat a Stella?" And I said, "Yeah." The wife and I every once in a while, he said, "Did you know that you can ask for that little spoon for a taste of every single ice cream in that cabinet?" And they won't say no. And he said, "After you've tasted every one of those, you're full." Are you with me? Did you catch the point? Amen. We've been given a foretaste. We can take a sample here. Lord, I need healing. He gives healing. Lord, I need provision. He gives provision. Lord, I need more love in my life. He gives us more love in our life. I need this. Lord, I need this. And he just keeps scooping the little spoon. And when we get all done, we're like, man, I am full. Praise God. But my brother and sister, we are just like we would be in the natural. I don't know that any one of us today would walk into Stella's and say, "You know what, ladies? I want to taste every single one of these ice creams and I'll get out that exit door without buying a single bite. We won't do that." But the sad thing is we don't do it in the spiritual realm either. God's saying, "Here, yeah, taste of it. It's good." Don't take this man for an example. Don't take that man for well Christians are hypocrites. Maybe you did meet a hypocrite, but maybe he wasn't even a Christian, right? You guys know what a chino is, don't you? Christian in name only. I don't want to be a chino. Right? You know what that comes from? I I've been speaking this chino for years and years and years. Finally heard someone else say it. But Chino come from Rhino which was a Republican you know politicians a Republican in name only. So they call themselves a Republican and they act like whatever. And one day it struck me I thought that's it a Christian in name only. So they don't act like a Christian don't behave. Don't live. I don't want to be a chino. I want to be the real thing. Amen. I mean, why would you want to be a rhino and vote like a Democrat? Hope there's no Democrats here this morning. See, why would you even want to identify here when you're really this here? Amen. I want to identify as a Christian. I want to be a Christian. In fact, let me go one step further. I am a Christian. I do make mistakes but I will by God's grace correct those and move on. It won't become my identity. Okay. Now where was I? Have evidence God's not forsaken us. We're his because in our body now tabernacle holy spirit of God that cries out aba father. There's nothing can ever take that away. We're anchored in Christ. Now the trees don't have it. Nature doesn't have it. But you're still groaning with them because you haven't received the fullness of our adoption. But we have the earnest of it that we were picked up from the things of the world and now become sons and daughters of God. What kind of people should we be? If we're a son or daughter of God, we're going to act like our father. Amen. We won't we won't act like the devil. Amen. You know, uh people struggle. You know, I I've read their commentaries. People struggle. You know, well, why would Jesus tell the those Sadducees, Pharisees, those religious men, you're of your father, the devil? Because you see, beyond their words, he saw the action. He saw the real heart of what it was. And there was not one thing that they had that was displaying the real them. They were chinos, ginos, Jews in name only. Whatever Jesus recognized that you're of your father, the devil. In other words, really what was going on down inside was they were determined to disprove the word of God. My oh my. Now look at this. I'm going to keep going here. time is so fleeting. Romans 8 talks about how that we're led of the spirit or sons of God. We've cried uh we have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear but have received the spirit of adoption whereby we cry aba father right I'm free father thank you I'm free you see my brother and sister we've got to see clearly enough who we are and you'd say well okay um I I know I'm a Christian I'm a Christian I'm saved you know we can say oh my father my father but look at this my Brother and sister, when we recognize who we are, we will also recognize what God has in store for us. And that's not, oh, riches, you know, prosperity gospel. It's not this, it's not that, my brother and sister, our Lord Jesus, we're going to have his spirit, his nature, his attributes, and look what he went through. and we go through the smallest of trials and we throw our hands up and we give up. Is that the spirit of our father? No. No. You see, what we've got to do is come to the place that we recognize who we are. Amen. even to the point as it was in the dark ages, they had a revelation for their day and they recognized, you know what, we're Christians. We're believers. And if it means that we die like our Lord Jesus, so be it. You read the history, it's shocking. Mothers, the babies cut from their bellies and then turned loose to the wild animals. shocking, horrific things. If you could ask them right now, do you regret doing that? What is their answer? No. I recognized who I was then and I realized if this is what God called me to, I can do it. I can do it. What will be our excuse if we offer one? to stand before those saints of old of the coliseums and that and what are we going to offer for them? They're going to look at it and say, "Oh, are you see of the chosen generation that God pampered that God allowed you every shortcut that God made it easy for you?" No sir, our battle is not of flesh and blood. Our battle is a spiritual battle. Amen. Amen. I'm going to go ahead and cut this a little short. Time has got away from me. But we have to recognize, my brother and sister, you have to see who you are to see God's promise for you. If you don't see who you are, you'll never see the fullness of his promise to you. Yeah. Reminds me of a family that I know pretty well. There was one of the sons spent his whole life mooching off of his parents. I mean, serious level mooching. Always had a soba story. The parents pass away and they're at the reading of the will and they're reading the names of the siblings. And to this son, I leave this. To this daughter, I leave this. To this son, I leave this. To this son, I leave this. To Edward, you already got yours. Shocking, isn't it? Sounds like a harsh parent or one that finally called someone to reality. But I want you to understand our inheritance in Jesus Christ. We get portions of our inheritance now. And we also get portions of our inheritance in eternity. Why? Because we are sons and daughters of God. Amen. We'll have to make this a part two. I've still got probably four pages. Amen. Ruth, Sister Ruth, if you would come. So, just pray for brother Paul. See, you have to see yourself to see the promise. Now, let me just touch on this adoption real quick. Adoption is not of an unwanted child. talking about those doing the adopting. But we'll understand scripturally it was one of maturity. The adoption that took place in in scripture was not a baby. This was adoption was of a mature man who was able then having showed his father that he is willing and able to perform to the work of his father. So when we are called unto adoption, God's not calling babies. He's calling mature sons and daughters of God that we would stand up and say, "Lord, I'm ready. I'm ready to live your gospel. I'm ready to live the life. I'm ready to do the work that you would call me to. Amen. Now, any son, now I've got an emphasis here. A parenthesis, I wrote sheep. Any son coming into full adoption knows the will of his father. Yes, sir. The father does not hand him the checkbook if his son is going to go. Now, I'm a farmer. Now look, look, my dear friend Cody, here's a young man has a desire to farm. I wouldn't say that there's nothing there for him to inherit, but Cody's not going to wait till he's got an inheritance to become a farmer. I hope you follow me. Sorry for using your example, Cody. Cody knows who he is and he's already moving forward to be who he knows he is. Will there be an inheritance? Well, I guess so. Unless mom and dad have bought a motor home and put the bumper sticker on it that says I'm spending my children's inheritance. But you see, he's not saying when I inherit, when I inherit, when the rapture comes, when we're all in heaven. No, sir. A son that's mature enough to be called into adoption says, "I already know the mind of my father, and I am actually going to demonstrate to my father I can live out his will for my life. and we stand upon that and we step into it. We claim it and then we manifest it. We're not called to be wishful thinkers. Amen. Hallelujah. Do you know one last little thing? Hope you don't mind, but in my mind, there's a little point here. You know, we don't want to be those children that are the waiters. You know what a waiter is, don't you? A child in the family that's a waiter. No, that's not a guy in the restaurant that serves food. He's the one who's just waiting for his parents to die. He's a waiter. We're not waiters. We were called to live the fullness of the gospel. Live it out now. Amen. Because our father has showed us who we are today. Amen. God bless you. Hallelujah. Get too carried away here. I have quite a bit more. Amen. But once again, a son coming into adoption knows the will of his father. Hallelujah. Man, the rest of this is just nice. But let's just stand. Let's sing 331. [Music] I hope you can just sing this from your heart. Amen. Just to realize that the Lord has called each one of us and he's wanting to bring us to an understanding of who we are. That we are he's given us the power to become sons and daughters of God. Will we accept that power? You see, this is one of the first displays of power that God would put in our life. He's given us the power. Now, Brother Brandham explained it to us that we can't just go out here on our own and do this. But the word comes and says, we've been given the power to become. That's right. You know what that power is? It's the power to loose Jesus Christ in your life as a son, as a daughter, not as a slave, not as a servant. Oh, cause me to come to thy river, oh Lord. [Music] Cause me to come to thy river, oh Lord. Cause me to come to thy river, oh Lord. Cause me to come. Cause me to dream. Cause me to live. Oh, cause me to drink at thy river, O Lord. Oh, cause me to drink at thy river, oh Lord. Cause me to drink at thy river, oh Lord. Oh, cause me to come. Cause me to drink. Cause me to live. Oh, cause me to live in thy presence, oh Lord. Let that be your heart's desire. cause me to live oh in thy presence. Oh Lord, cause me to live in thy presence. Oh Lord, cause me to come. Cause me to drink. Cause me to live. You know, I just say this morning, there be anyone here that Satan's been beating on you enough to cause you to question your calling. Cause you to not recognize who you are in Jesus Christ. Just lift your hand, lift your heart before the Lord and say, "Lord, speak to me. Give me that reassurance. I'm here, Lord, because I desire adoption. I want to come to a full adoption, to live in your presence. I want to live your word. I I don't want the petty things of this life that keep distracting me. I don't want them to be controlling my life any longer. But Lord, help me. Lord, you've promised it to us and we receive that promise and we now identify ourselves as sons and daughters of God because without that identity, Lord, we recognize we cannot unleash the promise. Father, we claim that this morning, Lord, I would just ask you to come touch each one of us, Lord, today. Help us to see truly who we are. We're not just Christians trying to live, but truly we've come into adoption. We've been chosen specifically by you for this position. Lord, touch each heart. Touch each life. Let it be real. I pray as you draw us into your presence. Lord, we're going one day to receive your name. We're going to receive the promise to be identified as Mrs. Jesus Christ. Your bride as the word calls us. Your bride that you long for. You wanted a companion. You wanted people to come, Lord. You wanted someone, Lord, to look to you. You wanted someone that would come with confidence and say, "Lord, you are my provider. You're my peace. You're my comforter. You're everything to me." Just as a husband desires for his wife to look to him for security, provision to give love and adoration in the human element. Lord, so we look to you as our bridegroom, the Lord Jesus Christ, and say, Lord, you are our all and all. You're everything we need in this life. Satan, as a roaring lion, would desire to devour us, but Father, you are our sword, our shield, our buckler, our security, our peace, and we find comfort in your presence. Lord, we shouldn't be nervous Christians. We should be confident Christians. For when we are in your presence, Lord, and nothing can come, Lord. Nothing can come. We stand today, Lord, desiring for you to speak to our hearts, two hearts today, Lord, as we would just look to you. Fill us with a confidence that we would come boldly before your throne. Your word did not call us beggars. It did not tell us that we should be afraid for our salvation. But your word told us to come boldly before the throne of grace. I lift a hand say Lord help me to come boldly. Lord, in my times of trial and struggle, my mental battle, Lord, not even the physical battle, the mental battle, Father, where we would look at ourselves and judge ourselves as unworthy, unwilling, unable, but Father, your word says that we're more than able. Lord, we've been called to be conquerors. Touch us, speak to us, we pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. 10:10 I worship you almighty God. [Music] I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise for you are my righteousness. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. Let's sing it again. I worship you, oh mighty God. Oh, there is none like you. I worship you, oh mind of peace. There is what I long to do and I will do. give you praise for you are my rightousness. I worship you, oh mighty God. There is none like you. [Music] Amen. 10:14 we'd sing that. Do we belong to that bloodwash band? Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] We're a band of Christian soldiers fighting Satan every day. We're standing up for Jesus while we're kneeling down to pray. His precious blood has cleansed us and washed away your sin. That makes you a member of a blood wash band. Praise God. I'm a member of a blood wash band. I've been washed in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. I was bound by chains of sin till one day my master came and made me a member of a blood wash band. God's children are advancing, marching till we reach the goal for the battle's almost over and we'll soon be going home. I can hear the sound of angels as the saints go marching in, singing praises to the captain of a blood wash band. Oh, praise God. I'm a member of a blood wash band. I've been washed in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Oh, I was bound of chains of sin till one day the master came and made me a member of the blood wash. Oh, praise God. I'm a member of a bloodwash band. I've been washed in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. I was bound to chains of sin till one day master came and made me a member of the bloodwash band. Can we say amen to that? Hallelujah. Amen. Part of that bloodwash band. One last song before we dismiss. 10:19. Amen. God bless you. Amen. You know, sometimes you just get to study and I think brother David will understand this. And you just don't even realize just how much. You know, you just kind of like the young boy that goes to the buffet and his daddy says, "Now, son, eat well because it all costs the same." So, we're there moving right down the line till we got there. Son, can you eat all that? I love this little story. It's a a bigger story. And the little boy gets to the deal and the dad looks down at all the food that son's piled on the plate and he says, "Son, can you eat all that?" And he goes, "I don't know, Dad, but I can sure try." Amen. Hallelujah. If death can't can't sting us and the grave can't hold us. If he's already bought us back from where sin sold us we forgot we were free. But he came and he told us if death has lost and the grave can win and I'm not the slave of sin. Am I not already in my victory? Let's sing it again. If death can't sing us and the grave can't hold us, if he's already bought us back from where sin sold us, we forgot we were free. [Music] But he came and he told us, "If death has lost and the grave can win, and I'm not the slave of sin, am I not already in my victory?" Amen. Shake hands with one another. Greet each other with those lovely words. Amen. God bless you. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] I [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] again. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
