################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - June 15, 2025  - Bro. Paul Haylett -  My Sheep #2 - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-15
Title:    June 15, 2025  - Bro. Paul Haylett -  "My Sheep #2"
Speaker:  Paul Haylett
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 11m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bcoGraT5gs
========================================

Description:
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] God bless you friends. Good morning. Uh let's start with singing that song. Let's talk about Jesus. Uh that's number 489. [Music] Let's talk about Jesus, the King of Kings. Is he the Lord of lords supreme throughout eternity, the great I am, the way, the truth, the life, the door. Let's talk about Jesus more and more. Let's talk about Jesus. Let all the world proclaim the power and majesty of such a wonderous name. The babe of Bethlehem, the bright and morning star. Let's sing his praises near and far. Let's talk about Jesus, the bread of life. Is he the savior of the world, the man of Galilee, the prophet, priest and king, the mighty God is he, the well of living water free. Let's talk about Jesus, the prince of peacees. He the great physician too down through all history. The lily pure and white. The rose of share and fair. the shepherd of such tender care. Let's talk about Jesus, the rock of aes. The lamb of sinner slain that man of calary. The great Immanuel. The word of God sublime. He is our bridegroom so divine. Amen. Let's go to number 872. [Music] I stand in all within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the aes lies. For whom the raging of the sea subides, the livinging sacrifice, the only source of life, my hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more, oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. His tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sin in his brokenness to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. All my hope is in the Lord forever more. My trust is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh, my trust is in the Lord forever more. And my strength is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh, my strength is in the Lord forever more. Amen. Let's go to number 969. It's the key of D. [Music] How do you explain? How do you describe the love that goes from east to west and runs as deep as it is wide. You know all our hopes, Lord. You know all our fears when words could not express the love we feel. But we long for you to hear. Listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. The song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. When words are not enough to tell you of our love, just listen to our hearts. If words could fall like rain from these lips of mine. And if I had a thousand years, I would still run out of time. Oh, if you'll listen to my heart. Every beat will say, "Thank you for the life. Thank you for the truth. Thank you for the way. Listen to our hearts. [Music] Hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. When words are not enough to tell you of our love, just listen to our hearts. Amen. Let's sing. He's got it all in control. Let's stand together before the prayer. [Music] He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. He put that reassur way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. I put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hands. So every road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his plan. [Music] I put my life in his hands. My father knows what I need. My father knows what I need. [Music] And everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. [Music] My father knows what I need. He's got it all. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. He put that reassurance way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. [Music] Amen. Brother David, you could lead us in a word of prayer. Let's remember sister Jolyn. She's not feeling well today. As well as sister Sue not feeling well and ask family in town and ask that we pray for her. And uh also sister Heather uh with brain cancer and uh that the doctors uh now giving her a short time to live. Just remember her in prayer as well as the family and all who uh are not able to be here this morning and all those families that are um far out somewhere. are isolated and Calville and Montana. So remember them in prayer also sister sister Toma and sister Dorcas for healing. Let's pray. Our father, how great thou art. So glad to know you are our father. That we are identified in you. your life living in vessels of clay in this hour. What a great reality. What a great revelation to know that Christ in us the hope of glory. Lord Jesus, we are so thankful that you divinely have already purposed, already in control, already know all this before us. Oh, it's such a great thing to lay ourselves completely in your hands. As we bring these needs before you, we have great confidence. Lord, they've been mentioned. We're asking for the healing of our sister Sue, Sister Heather. Lord, these needs that you know of Sister Jolyn. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, we send the spirit of deliverance and healing to them right now in thy name. Lord God, we just expect to receive from you. We are here to receive. We ask you to meet the needs of those online. Lord, you know every heart. You know every individual. May you deal with us and deal with them personally. We pray. And for your glory, we ask these things, giving you thanks that we're able to assemble together. And that father, we have a great father. We are so thankful be identified in your life for your glory and your service alone in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. may be seated. Let's um sing that song that you were planted during pre-ervice number 115. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. [Music] Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. I love you, adore you. I bow down before you heavenly father. I appreciate you. Oh holy spirit, you're a comfort to me. Holy Spirit, you're a comforter to me. You lead me, you guide me. You're dwelling, inside me. Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. Heavenly Father now. Oh heavenly father, I appreciate you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. I love you, adore you. I bow down before you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Oh, Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. Holy Spirit, you're a comforter to me. You lead me. You guide me. You're dwelling inside me. Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. Amen. Let's go to the key of D. Sing reach out and touch the Lord as brother Paul comes. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. You'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He's passing by this moment. Your needs to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Oh, reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. You'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. Peace pass singing by the SP to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Let's stand and sing it again. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. You find he's not busy to hear your heart's cry. He is passing by this moment. your needs to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Are you believing that he's here this morning? Amen. Here in our presence here, just waiting for us to reach out and touch him. Amen. We don't have to worry about, my brother and sister, whether you touched him or not. If your heart is reaching out to him. Amen. Just as the woman with the blood issue. Amen. You know, they might have questioned Jesus. How would you know who it was? But he knew. Amen. And he knows who's reaching out today uh in your heart, your needs to just touch him. Amen. Just a couple things I want to share with you. First off, uh happy Father's Day. Amen. And uh we're just blessed. and we'll we'll include those fathers that uh are yet to be. Amen. Uh that it's coming. So we happy father's day. Amen. I felt bad. I was just I was listening to a service this morning and the they were speaking of oh all you fathers we have a treat for you in the kitchen when the service is over. And and I thought oh that our sisters would have that revelation. But uh anyway uh God bless you today. Brother Adrien, Sister Adah and the children send their greetings. Amen. Had a lovely conversation with brother Adrien. And uh so I want to just touch on a couple things concerning camp. Uh and u there's no Wednesday service here and there'll be no Sunday service here because that will take place at camp. And the check-in starts at 400 p.m. on Thursday. And if you have a cabin, don't forget to bring your own bedding. Okay? So there there is no bedding there. So it's good to see each and every one of you this morning. Let's just turn in our Bibles to John the 10th chapter. And I want to speak to you again on my sheep part two. And I'm glad this morning I can say I am his sheep. Amen. That I know where I belong. I know who possesses, you might say, the title to my life, to my soul. Amen. He's redeemed it. Amen. The abstract deed, as the prophet taught, uh, has been settled. Satan might bluster. He might claim he has a claim on us, but my brother and sister, it clearly shows he has no rights to the bride of Jesus Christ. No rights at all. Amen. John 10:24-30. Then came the Jews round about him, and said unto him, "How long do thou make us to doubt, if thou be the Christ, tell us plainly?" Jesus answered them, "I told you, and you believe not. The works that I do in my Father's name, they bear witness of me. But ye believe not, because you're not of my sheep, as I said unto you. My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me. And I give unto them eternal life, and they shall never perish. Neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand. And I tell you, that just makes my heart so happy. There's nothing going to pluck us out of the hand of our father. Amen. My father which gave them me is greater than all and no man is able to pluck them out of my father's hand. Now this is interesting. Oh, let me finish and then we'll I and my father are one. Now it's so interesting. I've been studying just a little bit uh on some different topics and reaching out into the internet and uh it's so interesting how that there is such a labor or emphasis has been for years but right now it's just really focused on convincing people of the trinity. It is just they're pressing forward trying to make this stick because Satan knows if you don't know who your father is then you will find yourself wandering and uh confused and no idea just listening to a man that I think is actually quite a good preacher Pentecostal man. Quite a good preacher. And um I hope he listens to his own video that he put up because hopefully he will find himself just as confused as he confused everyone else. Amen. But you see my brother and sister, when Jesus is there saying you can't pluck them out of my hand, and then he's saying you can't pluck them out of the father's hand. He's not talking about two different entities holding on. Amen. He's talking about one hand that holds the redeemed, the bride of Jesus Christ. And so we we don't have to worry about whose hand we're in. There's only one hand that's holding us. Amen. Aren't you glad? Let's just give a thanks to the Lord this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Lord, we love you and we thank you, Father, that by revelation, you have showed us who we are. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. As we look at this today, I just ask the Lord to just speak to to you uh that I I will be able to present this correctly. Uh several different thoughts and different things come to me and uh just as brother David uh spoke on Wednesday night. I know what uh brother David shared with me in a phone conversation. I I I'm I'm I feel led to go down this road, but God sometimes comes and says, "Nope, this is a stoplight or a stop sign, and I want you to take a right turn or a left turn or whatever it is." So, we want to follow the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Right? Did you enjoy Wednesday night? to those of you that heard Wednesday night, I thought it was a lovely service. Amen. And so is that we want to follow the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Now, the Jews are there uh speaking to Jesus and and saying, you know, um uh just plainly tell us, you know, I mean, you need to let us know if you are the Christ or not. And and you know, the thing was is I I love Jesus's response because it's very reflective of the day that we live in. He's saying, "I've already told you." And you see, that shows that they clearly missed or did not understand the words that he had already spoken in their presence. They did not understand the works that they saw before them. Now, we could go back for just a moment into history and see and we'll see that it's also relevant to the day that they had come to a place in time that they had already figured out what God was going to do and how he was going to do it. And they proved it by their own words. I want you to just understand that they proved it by their own words. They didn't prove it by God's word. And so as it is, my brother and sister, the day that we're living in, very reflective of that also that they've come, God has already spoken. They're going to come as the scripture says, uh, is not Elias supposed to come first? And Jesus says he's already come. And this is what's going to happen in the day because man has constructed uh his own dialogue or his own interpretation of the word. Now my brother and sister I would say that 1977 we won't go into this in its entirety. It's not our thought but 1977 look at the turmoil that the prophet's words in that what he spoke about that day. Now my brother and sister instead of stopping and saying you know what what we're going to do and we should as believers we should come down and and ask the Lord to give us uh understanding of this and if we don't find that understanding let us just set it to the side and let God interpret his own word. And so what happened was it created all kinds of factions and all kinds of of events that took place. People got discouraged. uh people were were uh uh this is a case that uh we know personally uh of a a family you know their pastor uh they were caught up in that and their pastor says well you know after this certain morning you know you're not going to need your possessions and he coerced them into selling what they had and naturally he didn't tell them to go donate it to goodwill he told them to donate it to him and so when it doesn't happen he's well off and they are destitute now he didn't come and say I was wrong and here's your money back. But he then moved on and did his own thing and it discouraged many people and it left a stain you might say on the message uh from that that message is not from from uh God. That message that stain is not from a prophet. It is from the people who decided they were going to interpret it without listening to the Lord without letting God interpret his words. And so as Jesus uh is there and the Jews are are putting this question out, how you the reason we doubt it's your fault, my brother and sister, the reason we doubt is because we don't have faith and are not listening to the word. We have let unbelief come in. And so what they're basically saying, how long do we have to unbelief before something happens? And Jesus answers and says, you know, I told you and you believe not. So in the context, my brother and sister, Jesus had already spoken the words that defined who he was. It's right there plain in scripture. We as Christians, as believers, read those passages of scripture and we see and say, "There it is." Amen. And so as it is, they heard those words and it did not affect them in such. In other words, they did not believe what they heard because it did not fit the narrative. Now my brother and sister, it's okay to have a narrative. Nothing wrong with having a narrative. Make sure you can ground the narrative in the right place. Amen. And so as it is without grounding the narrative, you you just then go off into men's ideas. And uh he said, you know, you believe not the works that I do in my father's name. They bear witness of me. Now, we can take this and line this up with every tree brings forth of its fruit. Amen. So, if you have something that's a crab apple, Amen. It's not going to be passable as as a uh a a regular apple, a good apple. I I had a name of an apple on my head and it just disappeared. But a gayla, you know, a crab apple is not going to pass off as a gayla apple. Amen. And when you eat a crab apple, you know you're eating a crab apple. They gave it that name for a purpose. Amen. So you look at this. So it's about its fruit. And as that comes about, he says, uh uh the things I've done in my father's name, they bear witness of me. In other words, I am living out the word that was before you of the prophets of all that was brought. I'm living that out. I can't help it. the fact that you actually did not believe the words of the prophets in the beginning and you had to put your own spin on it. But it comes down, it says, "You believe not because you're not my sheep." Now, if they had anything to gripe about, anything to complain about the fact that now Jesus is standing in a position telling them, "The reason you don't believe, the reason you don't understand is you don't belong to me." That's right. Oh my. That must have galled them to stand there thinking they were in a moral and spiritual high position to be told, "You don't belong to me. So therefore, you're not going to understand me nor believe me or be identified with me." Amen. And so what what it is to them, my brother and sister, it's salt in the wound. But to the real believer that would be standing there in that day, they would be rejoicing. I am his sheep. Amen. I am part of his fold. I I belong there. I belong to him. And uh so you believe not. And remember my brother and sister, the scripture says God's plan will not be hindered by unbelief. Amen. The word of God will come to pass regardless of how many unbelievers are on the earth today. Don't want to sound judgmental judgmental to the world today but all the millions upon millions of people today my brother and sister that many don't believe a god or they just believe God is a very very like a grandfather just kind of going to let you do whatever you want cuz my brother and sister it doesn't matter about that god's word will come to pass amen so it doesn't matter how many unbelievers there are now as you look at this He says, "You're not of my sheep as I said unto you." See, he's telling them, "What I'm doing bears witness of me." And just as I told you, you're you're not of my sheep. You have to take as it is between the lines of what Jesus is speaking to them. They as spiritual people, religious people, I really should say, uh, as religious people, they caught, you might say, the undertone of what Jesus was saying. You can go back. You killed the prophets and garnished their tombs. Amen. You didn't really believe them. And so, I'm fulfilling what they brought forth that you didn't believe then. So, how can you believe it now? Amen. But to those who are my sheep, they heard what he said to them. My sheep hear my voice and I know them and they follow me. See how beautiful that is, my brother and sister. We're not living in a day for us to just say, "I believe a message. I believe God sent a prophet to an age I I believe that God's redeeming or restoring the church back to its rightful position." It won't do any good just to say that, my brother and sister. God's actually looking for action on those words. If we believe, there will be some fruits that show we actually believe. And so when we see the fruits starting to come forth, my brother and sister, if it's crab apples, you don't need to go buy the tree. Amen. You don't need to invest in that tree if it's crab apples. But my brother and sister, if you can grab a hold of what the word is showing us, Amen. He says, "The sheep hear my voice." And I know them. And I'm going to get ahead of myself, so I got to be careful here. And I give unto them eternal life. Amen. So where's this gift of eternal life come from? Comes from the father. But Jesus just said, "I'm going to give it to you." Amen. So maybe the father handed it to him so he could give it to the people. No, my brother and sister. God coming down dwelling in an earthly or fleshly body. Amen. to fulfill his word before the people to make it that we could look and understand and and take a halt of these things and see what it is. And he says here, I I they shall never perish. And this makes me so happy. Verse 28, they shall never perish. Now, my brother and sister, as time goes on, if the Lord so chooses, as time goes on, we will look and see that each and every one of us will pass to a grave. we'll pass from that. If it is to be God's will that that's the way we pass. Amen. I believe the days coming might even be right in the generation that's uh represented here in the church this morning that there'll be those that are alive and remain. Amen. I'd like to be amongst that number that's alive and remain. Amen. But if the Lord chooses to let us pass, my brother and sister, that's not perishing. Amen. We were talking with the young people. And young people, I want to tell you I had fun with you the other night. I hope you enjoyed the time together as much as I did. Amen. It's just good to see young people that are happy. Amen. Can can uh just interact. It was just a nice time. Amen. And uh so you look at that, you see, no man's going to pluck him out of his hand. I don't care who that man is. And we're going to put it in the right context. That man goes all the way back to a pope. After all, he's just a man. Right. He has no authority from the word. His authority comes out of another book. Amen. A book that God doesn't even recognize. Amen. So there's where his authority comes from. Now look at this. No man's going to pluck them out of my hand. My father which gave them me is greater than all and no man is able to pluck them out of my father's hand. So I I see that how beautiful this is. uh how Jesus is speaking. He's actually speaking the gospel to them in a fashion that they're not used to. They're used to big words. They're used to formalities and traditions and they're used to uh just the orthodoxy of it all to come out and and we do this and you know uh uh I heard a brother one time say you know they they were represented in their temple worship. They were represented. That's actually what Satan uh uh took as a template for how he worships today. So that's how formal that Israel had got that everything was robes and gowns and all this proper tradition and and doing all of these things and and Satan, you know, tried to follow that. He thought that's what it was. But God come down and told us that we were to worship in spirit and in truth. Amen. And so when we come, my brother and sister, we can have truth and be so absent with the spirit that we would just be dead letters. But we are not called to be dead letters. We're supposed to be the living word. Amen. We're supposed to be a a living epistle read of all men. Not a dead letter, not a quoter of the message, but a liver of the message. A a living word coming in our day. Amen. and the very things that they were looking for in that day. Uh the very Messiah they said they were waiting for and are still waiting for. And we recognize that they will have to wait until God's chosen time because God's time piece works perfectly. Amen. They talk about the nuclear clock about how that is so accurate to project into the future and it's there. But my brother and sister, the most accurate clock is God's word. Amen. That's where the that it is brought to a place that everything happens exactly when it should. And uh they had created I already kind of spoke on this but I want to reiterate this again. They had created their own idea of how it would be. And I think that we're coming in this day right now and we need to just stop the the trajectory of us creating our idea about how it's going to be and just live the word. Right? We've been given the word. It's right here before us. Why don't we just let God live it out? Why don't we just completely surrender and say, "Lord, uh, you know, let it just come to pass in the way that you want it to come to pass and let me be a willing vessel." Amen. Let me be a vessel of honor that would do as you would ask of me. If you say stop, Lord, don't let me give an excuse to go on, but let me stop. If you say go, don't let me give an excuse for not going, but let me just go. Amen. And so they had these ideas and uh let's just let's just push aside the ideas. My brother and sister, we're hearing a lot of things happening around the world and and uh you know things are being preached that it's got to be like this and it's got to be like that and it will be not even it's got to be. Some are saying it will be like this but cannot defend it from the scripture. We're here as sons and daughters of God. A word called bride called to reproduce the word. Amen. We're not reproducing a new uh new religion. We're reproducing the word. And so we need to just come to the place where we say, "You know what, Lord? I'm just a sheep." Amen. And if you lead me to this pasture, that's where I'll go. If you lead me to this pasture, that's where I'll go. If you lead me right through the middle of Leodysia, don't let me turn to the right or left. No matter how good it looks, no matter how good it smells, how good it seems, but let me just follow in the path that my shepherd has called me to walk in. Amen. And my brother and sister, that I know this is a little straight, but some think that those like the prophet have to return to get us there. No, my brother and sister, we've been given very clear direction on what to do. He doesn't need to come and clarify the directions. We need to yield to the direction. We need to listen to the direction. We need to obey the direction and then we will have what we are looking for. Amen. So these ideas springing up and just as it was there in the New Testament, you know, it drew some into the wilderness here and it drew some into the wilderness there. But you know, they had enough revelation that just leave this alone and and if it's not the truth, it will just self-destruct like these have. It will take them out in the wilderness and they would be lost. And my brother and sister, it breaks my heart. Makes me sad. But we're seeing this come to pass in this day. Amen. We're seeing things that that we the message, we as Bible believers are called to holiness. And we see holiness evaporating away. And and and nobody seems to. I say nobody. That's just a cliche term you might say. Nobody seems to care. But we should care. Amen. Because there's a calling that he has placed upon our life. Not as a group. Amen. Not as a We're not going to find safety in numbers. I can remember a a family that that I know uh uh had moved from a large church to a small one. And they made a statement. They said, you know, uh we like the church we come from, a good church. And if I spoke the name, you would say, yes, a good church. But they said, you know, in a big church, you can hide. In a little church, you can't really hide. And my brother and sister, you see, sometimes God just takes away all the camouflage, all the things that let us hide. And we shouldn't be distraught about that. We shouldn't think the ministry is picking on us when he's plucking away all the camouflage. Because truly, when it comes down to it, we want to be what God calls us to be. I don't want to be a chameleon. And I don't want to be uh, you know, just hiding out all the days of my life. I want the word. Oh, I know it's hard. And and when you say these things, they come upon you. But I want the word to strip us down bare, if you don't mind me putting it that way. That I would stand naked before God. And not literal in the physical realm, but naked before God with nothing hid because that's what the word says it will be anyway. So, we might as well say, "Lord, just let it happen. Let the word come and bear me that I would then see my own nakedness and be able to stand before you and say, "Lord, wash me whiter than snow. I don't want to hide this. I don't want to be the unbeliever in the shadow where nobody sees me, but I want to come into the light and I want the light to reveal who I really am." You say, "But but there's things in my life I wouldn't want revealed." Yes, you do. Yes, you do. As a believer, you want the word to come and reveal these things that are in your life. You want to come to the place that you would be able to say that the works that I do are of my father. Amen. Not to stand there and say, "Well, we have a reason. We have an excuse. We have No, my brother and sister, no excuses. Let us come and be exposed or revealed by the word." Amen. There's more to just being revealed. Oh, oh, I'm the bride of Christ. I see that in the word. I see that. Oh, that's revealed to me. Well, Lord, shine the light bright enough to reveal every other thing in our life also. Amen. Just listening to the prophet the other day sharing that little story about the minister goes to the other side and comes proverbial to the pearly gates and they can't find his name. And they said, "Well, you do you can appeal this." And he goes and they're asking him, "Did you ever lie?" In that perfect light, my brother and sister, truth comes forth. I've lied. Did you ever cheat or steal? Yes, I have. And when it looks like certain judgment has come upon him, the sweetest voice ever come and said, "He stood for me on earth. I will stand for him." Now, my brother and sister, we're not looking for some carnal fleshly perfection. We're looking for a soul that stands for Jesus Christ. We're looking for a testimony that if we was to face a similar situation as it were that they would be the sweetest voice come and say he stood for me. I'll stand for him. Amen. You can have perfect attendance in church doesn't make you a Christian. You can read your Bible every day and pray every day and that doesn't make you a believer. Amen. But a complete absolute trust in Jesus Christ. Amen. And a confession. Amen. the revelation of the word in you. Amen. So, you know, we we don't we don't like this. I I pondered over this, struggled over this, how to say this, and we're here. We'll just say it. There's been so much separation come people saying, "Are you on my side or their side?" And something I won't elaborate on, but I will just express enough of this. A little situation. And unfortunately, we were at the fringes of this and uh a little situation and people are saying, "Well, this is what happened and and these people are now saying this or opposed to this and these are over here and these want nothing to do with it." And my brother and sister, I look at the whole thing and I think my it's strange. I was in the middle of this little situation as it were and was completely naive and unaware that spirits were moving in such a fashion. And literally a phone call that I received, I I asked the man uh that that called me, why are people who are not even involved wanting, begging to be involved? My brother and sister, you see, because there is a turmoil that is taking a place, a separation is coming. And we can take the separation by the word or we can take the separation by man's word. And men will choose sides. It's been that way always. I just remember as a young boy I was a decent baseball player. Amen. And you know you would go and you have a confidence when you're in the the schoolyard or otherwise you have confidence that you'll be chosen for the team and you know as it's there if you've got all these boys all these young men you know you don't want to be the one that's still standing when all have been chosen for the team. Do you know what I'm talking about? Amen. Where you're the one that you want to give 100%. You want to be on the team. You want to be identified and no one chooses you. Well, I'll tell you, my brother and sister, we're here today. God's called you to his team. He has chosen you. You will not be left out. You will not be put to the side. You will not be forsaken. But he wants you to play as it were. If you don't mind my analogy, 100%. Amen. I got chosen ninth. I'm only going to put a little bit into this. No, I don't care if I'm the last one called. Amen. I want to be all that he called me to be. I want to be the one that he said, "I have confidence and I called you. I want to fulfill that." Amen. So, it's there. There's so much separation by man's ideas. Now, you know, it's like, well, we feel like, you know, you got to choose to be on this side or on that side. And uh you know not to go too much into it but my brother and sister not too many years ago uh a little situation and and people actually called upon me to take their side in a situation I didn't even know the details to. I had no knowledge of it. It was just completely uh uh oblivious to the whole thing. And yet they said we want you to choose and be on our side in this situation. And my brother and sister I had to after much prayer just tell them I will not participate. If you believe that is a choosing of sides then you can believe that's a choosing of sides. But I am not going to choose a side when I don't even know the story that I supposedly support. Amen. So what it is my brother and sister God doesn't even want you and I here today as Christians to say I'm going to choose God's side if you don't know what you support. Yeah. You can't stand here and say, "I'm going to support the word of God." But what is the word? Well, uh, it's the Bible. What is the Bible? Something's got to be opened up and revealed out of the Bible so that we can stand and say, "That's me." Like the little boy visiting what, the auntie's house, you know, looking in the mirror and finally he's like, "Mama, that's me." Amen. He saw himself. And we shouldn't even say, "I'm a Christian." unless you're willing to dig into the word and realize what it is you're supporting. Not a concept. There's a lot of people that don't even believe there's a God. My brother and sister, but they look at creation and say, "It's something more than man could do. So, I guess maybe there is a God." They're not supporting anything. They're not really choosing a side. They're leaving themselves in the balance that if they can prove there was no God and some pond moss uh deteriorated and created gas and and a spark. But where did the spark come from? Wait, where did the pond moss come from? Where was the gas that came from this come from? Where does all this come from? I don't know where it came from, but that's how it had to happen. My brother and sister, they don't even know what they support. Oh my. They'll tell you they don't believe in good or evil, but things happen. And these same people from their voice say that was evil. Where do they get that from? They don't know what they support. Now you see he said verse 26, "You believe not because you're not of my sheep as I said unto you." See, if there's no revelation of who Jesus Christ is, that's right. No revelation of who Jesus Christ is. You can't live it. You cannot live what's not real to you. Now, don't think this morning that I'm condemning people. Actually, I'm having great compassion and grace on those people because you can't expect them to live something that's not real to them. That doesn't mean it won't become real to them. That they're not well on their way for it to be real. But you can't judge them because they're not living like you think it should be. Amen. There's so many little trails we could go down. But verse 27 says, "My sheep hear my voice and I know them and they follow me." See, there's a very clear distinction between those that are not certain what it is and Jesus saying, "My sheep." Amen. Can we clearly identify them? Here's this little sheep. None of you are going to appreciate it if I come out and grab you like they grab sheep. That's kind of right behind the ears and right over the rump and they just grab them and they just toss them where they want them to be. Amen. I might feel like I might feel like somebody ought to be on the altar. Should I go down in the congregation today, grab you by the collar and drag you up here and throw you? No. That's not how God works. Amen. My sheep, Amen, he leads them. A real shepherd never gets behind the sheep and beats them trying to get them to go where he wants them to go. A real shepherd leads them. Amen. And the only way they'll follow is to be trained as it were, give an example and have to have confidence and trust in otherwise you can't drive them. I tell you, I was around a lot of uh Basco people in my younger years and my brother and sister sister that that the there is you know God God creates things in such a way and people to understand those things and and uh these guys would go out there and I can remember that uh very interesting character and he would go out there and he would grab a U. It wasn't the rams that did the leading. Now, don't take this, sister. This is too spiritual. He'd grab a U that he was already recognized as a she was recognized as a a leader. And he would grab her and he would bend down and look her in the face. Then he let her go. It's like, what did you do that for? I was telling her where to go. I used to think you're nuts. You never said a word. But I tell you in Basco in how I don't know if that's the actual description of the language, Basque, he would say a few words and then just start walking and those sheep just lined right out behind him. I come to believe that he actually was telling her, Amen. She was reading between lines. She was reading between the signs that was there and and they would go. He didn't he didn't stay in front of them the whole time. He just said stepped back. And there's got to be one in every church. I mean flock. And when he did, he had these dogs. Incredible dogs. And if there was a sheep that started wandering off on one side going away, he didn't even have to say anything. Those dogs didn't run around the whole flock till they get to get over on the other side. No, they jumped up and ran across the backs of the sheep. Went over there and convinced that sheep, you need to stay with the congregation. We as humans don't accept that kind of behavior. We we we don't like somebody telling us that we should be in church. We don't like people telling us that it looks like you're losing your focus. We don't like people telling us you're distracted. You you need to change a few things. We as humans don't like that. But God says we're his sheep. And so therefore, he's going to use whatever is necessary to bring us back to the place he says, the shepherd, the great shepherd says we should be. Oh, I know, my brother and sister, it sounds like we're supporting some kind of abuse. But if you really knew my heart, you wouldn't even think that thought. Amen. Because Jesus says, "My sheep hear my voice." Amen. And that voice is speaking today. But why does not everyone hear it? Because not everyone is his sheep. And I won't do the judging. He knows. Amen. So the people, as I said earlier, coming saying, "Why didn't you tell us?" Jesus said, "I've already told you." People coming today, my brother and sister, if this sounds a little stark, forgive me. But people coming today saying, "Well, why didn't the prophet of God say this, this, and this? It would saved a lot of He did. He did. How did he say it? He read the word of God to us. He didn't say it himself as in words, but he brought the word. And the great shepherd has already given the word and told us. And just as it was with the Sadducees and Pharisees and the Jews of old, they didn't hear it because they can't hear it. And that sounds stark. It sounds hard, my brother and sister. But until the season that their ears and their eyes are anointed, you can't just see that you are a son or daughter of God. You don't just see that. That's a revelation that God comes and pours into you. And when you see that, don't just say, "Oh, I guess I am." No. Rejoice that God has chosen you to be his sheep and placed you in his pasture and wants to make the word real to you. Amen. We say here today, many people say, "Well, I don't know. I don't know. This wasn't clarified. That wasn't clarified. And it's things I I'm not going to go into specific, but it's right here in the word of God. But they won't look in the word of God. They got to find it in the message. But it is in the message because the message pointed them to the word, but they didn't hear it the way they wanted to hear it or thought they should hear it and how it should come to them. They had an idea just like the Jews, Sadducees, Pharisees. Is it okay then? I'm excited. Amen. Amen. Isn't it interesting how sheep hear? See, never not everyone hears the same thing from the same words. I'll just use a simple analogy. He called me a buzzard. He called me an eagle. It was the same words. Amen. the preacher condemned me today. Someone else walks out and says, "Man, I was blessed today." You see, it all depends on what you hear from the word. And Jesus said, "My sheep, sign of ownership, hear my voice, an identity of a personal connection." Not any voice, but my voice. Amen. So to know them, he had to have relationship with them. Amen. Amen. So it's not just casually as it is that we hear a preacher preaching and say, I believe that was anointed of God. Uh you know what it comes down to, my brother and sister, is that God uh our Lord Jesus says, you know what, they know my voice. That's it. How how do you get to know a voice? How is it that, you know, sometimes I get fooled. I've I've got a daughter that sounds like my wife on the phone sometimes and uh even a granddaughter who sometimes says things in a certain way that I don't know if I'm talking to my wife or not. Uh you know, and you do, but but at the end of the day, there's always something that lets you know I'm not actually talking to my wife. Amen. Cuz you know the voice. Yeah. And so as it is that it's coming, the reason you can know that voice is because you have, I'm going to use a man and a woman, a husband and a wife. The reason that you know that voice is because you've been in communication with or communion with that. It's not just any old voice on the other end saying, "Oh, this is your wife." No, you know that voice because you're in communion with that voice. You've developed a relationship. Now the word know in this context is developed relationship with. Amen. So he says I know them. My sheep hear my voice and I know them. Amen. Because he has relationship with them. Which means if you have it, God doesn't deal in one-sided relationships. God doesn't want, you know, him to love you and you to love whatever. He wants you to love him. And if you love him, he loves you. Amen. That simple. Amen. And because there's relationship, they follow. Oh my. Nature proved this out. Amen. So, as they look now, I want to jump. Hopefully, you can jump with me here to John 1 uh and John 1:1. That's right. We're talking about relationship. We're talking about the connection. We're talking about how we pull this together. In the beginning was the word, and the word was with God. Okay? So Jesus is saying they follow me. Are you with me? Amen. They follow me. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. So we're all on the same page, right? God and the word, same thing. Amen. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him. Without him was not anything made that was made. So, it's just interesting to see people like go off into the Trinity and start talking about creation. All things were made by him and for him, but God was the creator. Come on. We have to tie these loose ends together. Now when we see this we'll find that in this creation where we stand. In him was life and the life was the light of men and the light shineth in darkness and darkness comprehended it not. Where there was a man sent from God whose name was John. The same came for a witness to bear witness of the light that all men through him might believe. He was not that light, but was sent to bear witness of that light. Now, my brother and sister, I'll just throw this out. Amen. He was not the light, but he was called to bear witness to light. This puts you on equal footing with John. That's right. We look at those men of old, men of renown. Amen. And we say, "Oh, they must have been such supernatural guys." No, sir. You're right here on the same footing in the same position with John called to bear witness of that light. We are not the light, but we can say the light is in us. Amen. And as we'll look at this, brother David made a statement Wednesday night. I hope you don't mind, brother David, that I put this out. He said, "We are co-equal with God." Now, you hear that statement made and it causes a little bit of a bing. Say what? But let's just for a second go back into the book of Esther. And as she comes, she wants to put her petition to save her people. And she's there and they say, "You can't go unless you're invited because if you're rejected, you'll never come in the presence of the king again." And she says, "I have to do this." Now, Mori by revelation told you, "This was the day you were created for." Can someone say amen to that? This was the day we were created for, my brother and sister. And if we're not willing, another will come and take our place, as it were. So there Esther comes dressed, not in the finest goddy fashion of the age, but as the scripture shows us so clearly, dressed in the simplicity of the gospel. And she comes and the minute she comes into the Oh, there's all those fancy terms, but she comes into the forier into the transition of the enter room and and she's there standing and he looks and she doesn't have to say, "Can I please come in? Would it be okay? I know I'm breaking protocol. I know that I've been warned that you might reject me. But she presents herself, the word coming to the word. And she stands there and he puts the scepter forth and she comes and she touches it and he says to her, "Oh, what is it you desire even to the half?" That's right. 50 50. You realize that Esther herself, not without kind of breaking protocol, but Esther herself had authority to have sent Hmon to the gallows. She didn't even need the king's permission cuz he has now entered it into the books that she has to the half of the kingdom. Right? But just because we have authority doesn't mean that God said go exercise your power. Amen. But then the prophet of God comes along and says you can create the atmosphere. That's right. Huh? Anybody a creator? I want to be a creator. Lord, help me be a creator. Not of a negative atmosphere, not of a negative environment, not of something detrimental, but let me create an atmosphere that my Lord Jesus is pleased to dwell in. Amen. And we can do that, church. We can do this right here in this assembly. We can do it in the car. We can do it. But I tell you, we don't do it as often as we should do it. And we know when we're not creating the right atmosphere. Can anybody say amen? It's not a mystery to us when we create another atmosphere that by revelation we know Jesus would not be. If he was in the car, I wouldn't be saying this. If he was in the car, I wouldn't be acting like this. If he was No, my brother and sister, that's just God revealing to you, you're creating wrong atmosphere. Amen. And so we see how this comes that it's there. He was not that light. This is John. But was sent to bear witness of that light. That was the true light which lightth every man that cometh into the world. He came unto his own and his own received him not. Amen. We can take this right to the scriptures we've read. Right? You know if you are if you are tell us and right maybe in that very same multitude we're there standing that's the Messiah the promised one for our day and these oblivious and these revelated. Has anything changed? Nothing has changed. Amen. But as many as received him to them he gave power to become the sons of God. So there's creative power in that to come into a position to be able to say I am going to step in and possess this position as a son of God. That means you have to exercise the authority God granted to you. Yeah. You can't just say, "Well, if it is to be, it will be." Oh, let's see if I can get my voice to cooperate. Whatever will be will be. I will just wait and see. To see if it comes to me, cuz whatever will be will be. Did I do okay? That's not the song of the bride. I am a son of God. I am a daughter of God. He called me before foundation of the world. Satan, it's time for you to X out. Go. I'm claiming this position right now. Amen. In the name of Jesus. Oh. Oh, you just think you have so much authority. I do. I don't have the power to make him go, but I have the authority. And I'll tell you what, whenever the Holy Spirit comes in and you know what I'm talking about, whether it be in music in the car or you're hearing preaching or something, you know, you're praying and that atmosphere comes, that negative atmosphere, my brother and sister, has to leave. It moves right out. It's gone. And I tell you, Satan's good because he's trying to restore us back to a position also. And that position is called spiritual amnesia. And we're not called to be restored to a position of spiritual amnesia. We're called to know who we are in Jesus Christ. Amen. But as many as received him, to them he gave power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name, which were born not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor the will of man, but of God. And the word was made flesh. That's right. Amen. The word. Amen. No, let's not. The word is already identified in verse 1 and two as being God. And the word was made flesh and that was identified as being Jesus Christ. Amen. So God was made flesh to come down in our midst to be able to come and speak words. Now my brother and sister, don't misunderstand what I'm going to say here. But you see, brother Brandham was not God. But God chose to come down and use a voice. Amen. And use it that it would be. And I'm going to read a quote here in just a few short minutes that will kind of you'll be like, "What?" But my brother and sister, you look at that, you see, you say, "Well, you're lifting up brother Brandham." If I'm lifting up brother Brandham in this equation, I'm lifting you up because you are God's servants. You are God's hands. You are God's feet. And if we'll submit ourselves to that point, we can be everything that God called us to be. And he called us to be supernatural beings. He called us to be sons of God with the authority to bind and to loose with the authority to create atmospheres with the authority to do these things. He come and gave you and I that authority and as I said Esther the wife the bride if she had recognized Amen. But she did you know how she exercised her authority? She went to her husband. Amen. And she went to the husband and she said, "This is the situation. Satan in the midnight hour is tormenting me. Lord, I call on you, my husband, to bind that spirit that's tormenting me." And he binds that spirit. Amen. And there'll be other examples we could go through. Amen. It wasn't for Esther to go stand up, shake herself. Amen. And say, "Hmon, I put judgment on you." But you see, God has a plan. And he puts the plan in place and he brings it down in such a fashion that the bride says, "Look, I was not called as it were to be the one to judge Hmon, but I have a husband. I have a husband and I'll just call on my husband." Amen. And we are here today by the authority of the word not to try to exercise that oursel but the exercising in our part is to call upon our husband and say husband I need you to come and change his situation. I ask anything oh I get excited. Amen. Ask anything in my name. Oh my brother and sister. Do we exercise that or we just talk about it? It's time for us to exercise it. We have needs. Can somebody lift a hand and say, "We have needs. I have needs in my life. It's time for me to exercise and say, "Father, I need you to come and change this situation. I need you to come midnight hour, morning, noon, whatever it is, I need you to come." Amen. and he's there and he hears us and he grants our petition if we don't ask a miss. Well, that's pretty big thing because often times we do ask a miss and it's not as ugly as you think because often times we don't preface this with Lord thy will be done. we see and we think it needs to be. Remember, brother Brown gives an example about people trying to pray somebody out of a situation and he cautions us. That's right. God put them in that situation and you're trying to pull them out. You need to know the will of God. That's right. God's using that to mold them into where he wants them to be. and we're over here. Lord, deliver them. Deliver them, Lord. Deliver them. Deliver them. Deliver them, Lord. God doesn't want to deliver him. He's using that. Amen. Amen. People say, "Wow, you know that that the Lord was so so hard on Daniel, you know, testing his faith like that to throw him in a lion's den." You realize God had come down and said, "Daniel, I want to prove to you and I want you to have proven in this realm that you can exercise the ability to bind the spirit of the lion." Amen. And now, I know this is a twist of words, but we're living in an age, my brother and sister, where the lion is roaming. Amen. Roaring in the age that we live in, a spiritual lion. And God wants some people that go through some experiences to come down to the point to be able to stand up and say, "I bind this lying spirit in the name of Jesus Christ." And be able to walk out of that situation unconsumed. Yes. Amen. To know the voice, to be in relationship with the voice. That's it. to be in communication with the voice. To be in communion with the voice. What is communion? Is to speak with and to be heard. That's right. To be spoken to and truly hear a personal experience of hearing. Amen. I want to emphasize that. a personal experience. Well, I tell you what, brother Brandham said this and this how the Lord come to him in the cave and spoke to him and oh, he opened the Bible and flipped it to the pages and he flipped it back and it flipped it right back to the Oh, isn't that so glorifying? No, I tell you what, you need to have your own experience. Amen. You need to have your own time that you would stand up and say, "You know what? The Lord did this for me." Amen. The Lord come down, spoke to my heart. The Lord opened my eyes. He opened my ears. Amen. Let it be a personal experience. Because if it's not a p personal experience, my brother and sister, you're trying to live on the light of another person or the light of another age. And God will not accept either one. Amen. That's why it must be a new birth, a personal experience with Jesus Christ. Because without that, you're trying to live on somebody else's light. And what happens when their light goes out? Yours goes out. Amen. And we've seen it happen. And you say, "Well, I don't understand why this person quit and then this person quit and this person quit." It's because this person and that person were living on the light of that person. That's right. And when that person proved not to be so spiritual, they didn't have anything to stand on. That's right. My my brother and sister, Lord, help us. Hope I'm not offending anyone this morning. Amen. You see this personal experience of hearing without a personal experience we end up with cold dead formal religion. Imagine symbolically here if you don't mind. We're going to go back in the Old Testament here and here it is Abraham on the mountain in a burning bush. can any of you tell me what Abraham felt like? What stirred him? From personal experience, the only way you'll know what he felt like is to had your own burning bush experience. That's right. We're not puppets. So, we don't have to have every word exact like Abraham might have spoke. We don't have to shake. We don't have to shudder. We don't have to stammer. We don't have to do all of that. But we have to have that personal experience. So, if we don't have a if we have cold formal religion, we don't have no fire in the bush. Amen. We can just talk about a burning bush. No personal experience. We can't talk about there being light in darkness if we've never experienced the light. That's right. In the darkness. That's right. Amen. And if we have no attributes on display, I just believe. Where's the attributes? Where's the evidence? Where's the sign? We're not an evidence-driven people. And you'd say, "Now, what, brother Paul? That's right. God said so, so we just believe it." Let me tell you, do any of you recognize concerning Israel the name Ai? It's in scripture. And they talk about in the battle with Joshua and going and conquering. That's the story in case just to stir up your pure mind here. That's where they go and show themselves as a weaker force on a hill over here. And the people of Ai who had just defeated them in battle just a few weeks previous. They look out there and say, "Look at that little wimpy band. Let's go out and kill them." They open the gates of the city. They go rushing out. They're going to kill these Israelites. And the Israelites in fear flee before them. And they flee right up over the hill and almost out of sight of the city. But look what happened. They left the gates of the city wide open behind them. And Joshua by revelation, God told him, "This is what you do." And when they run out, you wait till they're too far and then you run in. And they didn't even know that they had been deceived until their city was burning down. And then as they go to run back, Israel pursues them and they pursue them and they get them in the middle and they defeat them. That's right. Now my brother and sister, you can find this on the internet on YouTube. It's very interesting because these people are are in their understanding proving the Bible and they're literally talking about how we had this question mark we didn't know and then this uh archaeologist guy this anthropologist he he come and said I found no evidence and it shook the Christian world you shaken by the fact they couldn't find the evidence they thought was necessary what Christian world are they talking about was shaking You see my brother and sister, that's how they think. We think God put it in his word. Ai is a city was there. It was burned to the ground, settled. I don't need to go to Israel. I don't need to get a good pick and shovel. I don't need a sifting screen. I don't need a whole group of people to scrape real careful. God said it. I believe it. It's settled. But I thought it was interesting. So this man is now consumed with this thought that I the Bible does say it and I believe it's got to be there and uh we're going to go prove it. And ultimately God anointed they dug holes on this hillside that they identified as the only hillside according to scripture it could take place. And they dug holes and they did all this stuff and slowly but surely it's revealed. And and so it's there. And then the man then turns back and says, "Now what I don't understand is the man who went there in and I don't remember what that was. It was a long time ago. Um maybe it was the ' 60s or something like that. Why would he say there was no evidence? The same reason people today say there's no evidence that God is back in his bride in the word. We don't have evidence. Well, you're just digging in the wrong hole. I'm sorry. If you're digging in an intellectual hole, you're going to not find enough intellectual evidence to support what you think is the evidence. And to those of you that know, I mean, referring to folks that are, you know, criticizing and digging away and saying this is all nonsense and you're all deceived, but they're on a whole different hill digging and haven't found a drop of evidence to support. In the meantime, God's over here working on a bride, revealing the word through them. Amen. I don't need Oh, I'm going to say a harsh statement. Okay, is that okay? I don't need to fly to Africa. I don't need to go down there and sit in the same chair in a cafe that the prophet sat in to be able to say, "This is it, my brother and sister. I heard the word. It spoke to my heart. I realized God had spoken to me and said, "I've given you authority to claim your rightful position of who you are. And you are going to do this because my word says so." And we are here today doing exactly what the word says. Because the word said that we Amen. The spirit and the bride say, "Come." This bride's got to have a voice. She's not a puppet. She's not going to sit back and wait for something else to happen. God's anointed her to claim her rightful position. Amen. Why? Because we're sheep and we're in his pasture and we're eating his grass and we're growing from the nutrients of his word. Amen. That is what we're feeding on. And that's going to produce a healthy sheep. My brother and sister, when sheep start eating briars, this is a brother Eugene thing. If you guys want to find it, just go watch some of Brother Eugene's things. Amen. When you see sheep, not goats. When you see sheep eating briars, you have unhealthy sheep or sheep that are starving to death. We're not called to eat briars, my brother and sister. We're called to eat the good word of God. Hallelujah. Let me hurry up here. Amen. So if we have religion without a living God, we have no fire in the bush. We have no light in the darkness. We have no attributes to display. You're going to end up with no testimony of did our hearts burn within us. You're going to end up Amen. You see, if Jesus on the road to Emmus had just simply given them an intellectual understanding, I like this. Maybe it makes preachers feel good. Oh, ye slow of heart. Oh, we would be like, "You can't talk to me that way. I believe the message, right? You I've been a Christian for 35 years. you can't talk to me like that. But it's still the truth and it was still real. And Jesus knew exactly what it would take to catch their attention just like he knew exactly what it would take to catch your attention. Are we called to live on flowery beds of ease to be told over and over again, we're such good people? Amen. Do we need to install glitter spreaders in our church and have somebody up in the rafters throwing $20 bills out? Come on, my brother and sister. Do we need to as deceivers, wolves in sheep clothing? I won't do it because it'd be a little embarrassing. But do we need to come as preachers and lay down on the altar with our elbow on the deal and lay there and tell the people, "We're not leaving here today until you've buried me in money." Is that God's message? Is that sheep food? My brother and sister, that's a deception that people because they're not eating the right things in the beginning. They fall for that. But I tell you what, if I laid down on this altar and started begging you guys to bury me in money, I would find myself laying in the middle of the parking lot asking for an ambulance. Amen. Because the bride will not put up with this deception that is there. She wants the truth. She wants the word. Amen. Because she knows. Now look, I'm going to read a quote to you real quick. I've got a couple more minutes. Amen. Seventh church ages here. Uh Patmas vision. Now, now only can we speak thus of the messengers, but every true believer is dramatically depicted here. They are all drawing from the same source. They have all been dipped in the same bowl. They are dead to themselves and their lives are hid with Christ in God. They are sealed in by the Holy Ghost. Ephesians 4:30. And grieve not the Holy Spirit of God whereby is sealed until the day of redemption. No man can pluck them out of his hand. Their lives cannot be tampered with. This ought to get a a good amen out of us, right? Their lives can't be tampered with. In other words, God's not going to let a wolf come in and destroy their life. Amen. I'll tell you my brother and sister, so many people say, "Well, I went to church and this was what happened and the pastor did this." What about the other people that went and God took them from that situation and brought them over here and led them to truth? Which one is justified where they stand? I say the one that trusted God and said, "You know what? He said he'd lead me to truth. He didn't say it would be painless, right? But he said he would lead me." That's right. Amen. and uh no man can pluck them out of his hands. Their lives cannot be tampered with. The visible life is burning and shining, giving light and manifestations of the Holy Ghost. The inner invisible life is hidden in God and fed by the Lord's word. Satan cannot touch them. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's where we need to stand. Amen. And I want to put that out. That's where we need to stand. Amen. We're God's sheep, my brother and sister. He didn't say, "I've got sheep for a day. I got sheep for a day, a week, a month, a year. We're his sheep. Every day of our life, even before we serve God, we were in his eyes his sheep." Amen. Amen. I like that. I like that. Amen. And so we go, "Not even death can touch them, for death has lost its sting. The grave has lost its victory. Thanks be unto God." Can someone say thank you Lord? And they have this victory in and through the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Amen. I like that. Amen. Now, I'm going to speak real straight to you real quick. When we take communion, we don't take it just as an ordinance. It is an ordinance. Amen. It's in the scripture. It's spoken as something that we should fulfill. And it's not really an option. If you believe that taking communion is an option, by not taking it, you're already declaring you've put no value in that word. Amen. So, we start stripping that out of the Bible. What's going to stop us from taking the next page and the next page and the next page until we've got, as one brother joked, I thought it was funny at the time. He says, "I can tell you how they invented the pocket Bible. People started just tearing what they didn't like out of their Bible and pretty soon they could just slip it into their pocket. That's how they invented it. My brothers and sisters, that's we can't just start taking these things away because one of these days you're actually going to rip out the page that says you're a son or daughter of God. But as a testimony, that's what communion really is. Do you realize that it's an ordinance of God, but it's actually a testimony? And we should everyone have a testimony. Amen. We're testifying. I'm in a conversation with my Lord Jesus Christ. I am in communion with him, which means it's a conversation. It's not a one-sided dialogue. It's a conversation. Amen. And you're testifying to the world that I'm in a conversation with my Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And we need to have a testimony. Amen. Every one of us should have a testimony of what the Lord has done for us. What will our testimony do for us? It will do exactly for you what you confess that it will do for you. If you say, "I don't have a testimony." Then what do you have? Am I being too rough? See, it's time to quit offering ourselves excuses. You say, "Well, there's things in my life that I don't feel like I can take communion." Get those things out of your life. Amen. I was just, you know, asking the other day a little question. You know, oh, how hard is it to repent? It's actually quite hard if your heart's not in it. That's it. Husband and wives, repentance should come easy because the truth of the word is that's your heart right there. You are not your own just as we are not our own in Jesus Christ. Amen. When we give ourselves we give ourselves to to a wife to a husband you're no longer your own. You belong to them. Lock, stock, barrel belong to them. When you give your heart, make a confession, Jesus Christ is my Lord and Savior, you are giving yourself lock, stock, and barrel to him. So if you're not taking communion because you have something in your life, let me give you a lesson how hard it is to repent. Lord, forgive me for what I have said, what I have done. I need forgiveness in the name of Jesus Christ. Was that too simple? That's how simple it is. The only thing keeping us from that is a stubborn spirit. But I got to get everything perfect before Well, I guess you're never taking communion because you'll never get it perfect. Be in communion. Part of that communion can be repentance. Part of that communion is thanksgiving. Part of that communion is praise. None of those are hard, are they? Now, you guys will like this one. Here we go. Here he gonna like this. Here a few days ago, not picking on any any women, but here a few days ago, a woman run up to me and said, "Mr. for Brandon. My mother's right out there. She's sick. Hundreds and hundreds of people congregating. I said, "I can't get to her, sister like that. I couldn't get through the mob. Take my hanky." Now, we'll just stop for a moment. Would that be scriptural? We can go right in the Bible. It's right there. Brother Brown was absolutely taking a scriptural position. Take my hanky here and go lay it on her and she baldled me out for not going. No wonder her mother didn't get healed. That's right. What if she would have come and said, "You know what? Maybe she didn't think the hanky was sufficient because she didn't know her Bible and didn't realize it was scriptural. Maybe she thought her mother was more important than that. Maybe she was just simply anointed. Can we have a rubber on the road moment? Yeah. You don't have to close your eyes, but but make you feel better. Stop and close your eyes. Positive or negative. Why do you do some of the things that you do? Because you're anointed. That doesn't mean that's what you are. Doesn't mean that's who you are. But there's spirits around us. Oh, my brother and sister, if our eyes were opened, We would probably be terrified of demons that would be there. Brother Brown talked about why you don't go to the movie theater because he says around about them is demons hanging around the ceilings in those places. back quite quite a few years. We went and watched a very good Christian film. It was in a theater. We were kind of coaxed, convinced it'd be okay. The whole time I watched the film, I couldn't get the thought. The last film that played in here, those demons haven't left. What am I doing here? What am I doing here? I just volunteered to pay to walk through the doors and sit down with hundreds, if not thousands of demons, believing this religious film that I'm watching will make it all good. What I should have did is listen to the prophet and said, "Stay out of them places." Amen. Because, you know, it took some time, but it come out on DVD. And I turned around, watched it again on DVD, and got way more out of it. Amen. Than I sure did in the theater. And it's a good film. In fact, I won't go into it, but one of these days, we're going to play it for our young people if their parents are accep. But you see, it's our choice. I went to a bar, but I only drank a Coca-Cola. Something to be said about atmosphere. Yeah. I didn't do any sinning. I didn't dance. I didn't drink. No, let's stop. Think about the atmosphere. So, this woman comes here. Whatever spirit's on her, she cared enough to come and ask for prayer for her grandmother, but she wasn't anointed with the right spirit to receive what God. And you might say, "But that was Brother Brandham." But you see, I can I with all of my heart. Maybe maybe it might be a doubt to somebody else, but for me all of my heart, if he she would have just said, "Okay, thank you. I'll take this." Cuz I remember when they went and laid hankies and did that. And if she'd have went that, Sister Carrie, I just believe that. Imagine her walking to her mother and saying, "Mom, he couldn't come, but he sent this." Yes. Amen. And her healing would have come because there would have been faith in the man of God. Right? He's just a man but sent of God. Amen. That's what we got to remember. And what are we? Just a man, right? Sent of God. Just a daughter sent of God. That's what it is. Amen. Don't try to overspiritualize this. Amen. God said himself through the words of a prophet. We don't have any big eyes and little U's. So when we come going back to brother David's thought on Wednesday when we realize that God has made us by his own will equal to reach up and possess these promises. If a hanky is how God chooses to transfer healing, just receive the hanky. Amen. If God sends you to an altar, you get healed in the altar, then receive that. If he sends you through a prayer line and they pray for you and you receive it, just receive it as coming from God. It wasn't brother so and so. It wasn't brother so and so. It was God that come. Amen. We have to recognize these things. Amen. No wonder a mother didn't get hit. You don't do it like that. See, it's it's nothing that I've got to give you. Yeah. It's something that God already has given you. You just got to receive it. I'm just a testimony of his. I'm a testimony of his resurrection. He's here. The only thing you have to have is to have his faith to believe it. Amen. That's what God's looking for. Let me finish here, saints. Time is just so fleeting. Amen. I tell you, I just I I love this. Maybe you can just read it as homework here. 1 Corinthians 13. Well, it's only only five verses. Let's just read it. Charity never faileth. But whether there be prophecies, they shall fail. Whether there be tongues, they shall cease. Whe there be knowledge, it shall vanish away. For we know in part, we prophesy in part. But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away. When I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child. I thought as a child. But when I became a man, I put away childish things. For now we see through a glass darkly, but then face to face. Now I know in part, but then shall I know even as also I am known. And now abideth faith, hope, charity. These three, but the greatest of these is charity. Now look at this, my brother and sister, just to touch on this real quick. When I was a child, an immature Christian, a child, I spoke like a child, but now that I'm mature, I speak as one with maturity. Amen. Amen. You know they marvel my brother and sister how people would come and say I am the bride of Christ. Not talking about church collective. I am the bride of Christ. I've had people say how can you say that? Well I can say that because I know that. That's right. Yeah, I can say that because where I used to look through a glass darkly, the perfect one has come. That's right. Amen. The mystery, not mysteries. Even though there's many aspects contained in the mystery, it's not when you get the mystery revealed, my brother and sister, God will open it all up to you. And we stand here and when our eyes were open, not looking through a glass darkly, we saw ourselves all the way back. That's right. Through time and eternity and realized, no wonder I feel so comfortable in the presence of God. Reverence. We have reverence. But I feel comfortable. I'm not afraid of serving God because I've met him before. Amen. And he's talked to me. Right. Just seen a little clip. It was a very short clip. True story. a man walking down the street one day and there is a dog so emaciated it can't even stand. And as he belt knelt down beside this dog, he was like, "Oh, you poor little thing." He puts his hand down there and this dog is so weak it can't even hardly lift its head, but it growled. It's like, and when it did, something in his heart just said, "No dog deserves to be like this." Pulled his phone out, called his office, and said, "I I I I've got a distraction. I'll tell you later." And he loads the dog up in his car, and he takes the dog to the vet, and the vet says, "This dog's so sick, but what this dog really needs is some love. We can give it food. We can give it water. We can do all these things. But what it needs is love. And a couple tore up couches later, he still loved the dog. And the after picture, it turned out to have Great Dane in it. And the after picture is him and his wife and kids walking their big, beautiful, healthy bag of dog food a week dog. And he said, "Truly, it needed love." Just needed love. Exactly right, my brother and sister. Not a altar call, not a whatever. But you see, God never called us to be scrawny sheep. Never called us to leave us walking the fences looking over at the good grass. He called us to be content, to be nice, healthy, plump. That's right. Sheep. That when we would see our shepherd, our heart would rejoice. Amen. And we would say, "I thank you, Lord, for saving my soul. I was once lost, now I'm found." And you say, "Brother Paul, why are you saying this?" Because I'm not sure we appreciate him enough. I'm not sure that we are giving enough praise and thanksgiving. And maybe I'm just speaking for myself. Forgive me if I I'm covering you with the same brush, but I think it's really time for us to break through and realize I am his sheep and this is his pasture and he called me into his pasture and loved me. Loved me. Amen. That's what matters. Amen. Because you see that scripture didn't apply just to the Corinthians, my brother and sister. 13. And now abideth faith, hope, charity. These three, but the greatest of these is charity. As I close, Amen. Sister, if you'd come, musicians, I'm preaching to myself, saints. Don't think I'm just talking up here like a hypocrite. If the greatest of these is charity, how much charity do we have? That's it. Let it touch our life. Let it touch our thoughts. Let it touch everything about us. How much charity do I have on display? Lord help us. Lord help us. Amen. Amen. Do you believe the book is opened? Amen. Do we see who we are? Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. To see ourselves as our Lord Jesus sees us. That's what we need to do. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's just stand. sing a song or two. Invite our brother Alex. I trust I haven't kept you too long, saints. Father's Day once again. God bless all the fathers. Amen. As we look at this, I just this song come to me this morning and I I just uh want to sing it. Maybe doesn't quite fit with the whole context of everything, but uh number 606. Amen. We shall see the king. Not I hope to see the king. That's right. But let it be a declaration. I shall see the king. Amen. Hallelujah. Start us, brother Alex. Amen. There's a blessed time that's coming, coming soon. It may be evening, morning, night, or noon. The wedding of the bride, united with the groom. We shall see the king when he comes. We shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king when he comes. comes. He is coming in power. We'll hail the blessed hour. We shall see the king when he comes. Are you ready? Should the Savior call today? Would Jesus say, "Well done," or "Go away." My home is for the pure. The vile can never stay. We shall see the king when he comes. We shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king when he comes. He is coming in power. Hail hail the blessed hour. We shall see the king when he comes. Oh my brother, are you ready for the call to crown your Savior, King and Lord of all. The kingdoms of this world shall soon before him fall. We shall see the king when he comes. Yes, we shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king when he comes. He is coming in power. Will hail the blessed hour. We shall see the king when he comes. I shall see the king now. Oh, I shall see the king. I shall see the king. I shall see the king when he comes. He is coming in power. I'll hail the blessed hour. I shall see the king when he comes. Amen. Amen. Let's go to number 75, please. key of F. [Music] Start with the chorus. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the King. His royal blood now flows through my veins. And I who was wretched and vile now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. Oh, once I was clothed in the rags of my sin, wretched and poor, lost and lonely within, but with wondrous compassion, the King of all kings. wings in pity and love took me under his wings. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. His royal blood now flows through my veins. And I who was wretched and vile now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the King. And now I'm a child with a heavenly home. My holy father, well, he made me his own. And I'm washed by his blood. And I'm clothed in his love. And someday I'll sing with the angels above. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. Oh, his royal blood now flows through my veins and I who was wretched and vile now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the King. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the King. His royal blood now flows through my veins. And I who was wretched and vile now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. Amen. Before we dismiss number 79, I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. For I could never ever out love the Lord. One more time. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. for I could never ever out love the Lord. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed. [Music] Okay. [Music]
