################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-09 - July 9, 2025 - Bro David Dienhart - David Dienhart.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-09
Title:    July 9, 2025 - Bro David Dienhart
Speaker:  David Dienhart
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 52m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opAI1LNtM_4
========================================

Description:
Bro David Dienhart
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Make it clear to me. Give me the word. It's a light that I might see. Give me the word. It's my total victory over every situation. Give me the word. One more time. Oh, give me the word. Make it plain and clear to me. Give me the word. It's a light that I might see. Give me the word. It's my total victory over every situation. Give me the word. Amen. Let's sing number 208 as brother David comes. And uh let's stand together for this one. For I was born to be a dwelling place, a home for the presence of the Lord. Let my life now be separated unto thee, that I might be what I was born to be. For I was born to be a dwelling place, a home for the presence of the Lord. Let my life now be separated unto thee, that I might be what I was born to be. Let my life now be. Oh, let my life now be. separated unto thee that I might be. Bless you. Thank you. Good word like the songs. [Music] You believe that? You believe you were born to be a dwelling place? Amen. and let your life then be now separated unto him. Amen. For where is he today? You've received him. Where is he? You were born to be a dwelling place. Amen. If you're born again, that showed the seed of God was laying there. Nothing can come in and take that from you. Amen. Hallelujah. You've passed from death unto life. So let's let go and let God have his way. Amen. That's why we come short, isn't it? Yielding ourselves, letting go and letting God have his way instead of our friends have their way, our children have their way. Amen. Amen. All right. Amen. I was sure thankful for what's been these last two songs. In fact, the one give me the word I was going to sing at the end of the service. So, so that was that was certainly in this one and all of them, but these last two especially were right down the line. So, thank you. God bless you all. You can let us have a word of prayer and and thank you musicians and God bless you. Amen. Lord Jesus, as we humbly and reverently bow in your presence, we know that we are incapable of our own self as men, women, me as a servant, your minister to minister the food in due season to these people. I am incapable in myself to bring that to your children. My dependency, Lord, is not upon me. It is upon you to speak your will, speak your thoughts, speak your word. And Lord, your word then spoken cannot return to you void, but will accomplish what is sent to do. Lord, we're dependent upon you. We are not here by chance. We have not come here to be seen. In fact, a true Christian, a true believer, nothing happens to them by chance. It's been ordained. And so, Lord, may we realize that. May we come to ourselves and may you bring us to ourselves and Lord may we realize our place and our position our positive position. Lord in thee we pray and for your glory bless your word. Speak forth minister what you desire and Lord I am here to follow. You have your way. May man not be seen here in this service but may you be seen. May you be realized and may there be a fresh coming together face-to-face meeting with you. We pray and ask this in thy name the Lord Jesus Christ and for your glory. And we'll say as we leave here tonight, it was good to be in the house of the Lord because why? We met you. speak to our hearts personally, become personalized more than ever has been in individual lives tonight in Jesus' name we pray. And we believe that we now have and believe we receive what we asked for and we give you thanks for it because you said so. Amen. Amen. Amen. Turn with me in the book of Philippians. It's good to be in the house of God. I greet those online, those that and uh brother David, good to see you. God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Some people can go regardless of ages. That's good. God give you strength, my brother. Amen. Well, we're not here by chance. We haven't met here by chance. This door is still open. I think we ought to we ought to just take advantage of it. Amen. You believe that? Amen. Amen. Let's forget about ourselves tonight. Amen. Amen. Because I'll tell you, it's not do any good to think about yourself and try to mix that with the word of God. It doesn't work. Amen. Just let God have his way over you. Okay. Philippians chapter 1 and we'll begin reading here with the 19th verse. And Paul is is in prison writing this letter. He's he's uh he's been under bondage. But he says, "But for I know that this shall turn to my salvation through your prayer and the supply of the spirit of Jesus Christ." What about your trial? What about your test? What do you believe the outcome is in verse 20? According to my earnest expectation. What's your expectation? According to my earnest expectation and my hope. What's the hope? The promise. What's his what's he hoping in? He's expecting to see the word manifested. according to my earnest expectation and my hope that in nothing I shall be ashamed, but that with all boldness, as always, so now also Christ shall be magnified in my body, whether it be by life or by death. For me to live is Christ, and to die is gain. Amen. You may be seated. I'd like you to turn me to Colossians chapter 1 to continue here. I want to take this title for me to live as Christ a Christ centered life. for me to live as Christ a Christ centered life. In Colossians chapter 1 verse 27 verse 26 let's just back up a little further. Let's start with verse 24. who now rejoice in my sufferings for you and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ in my flesh for his body's sake which is the church. You remember eternal life is living for others. Amen. Where are you identified? I trust that tonight you'll see where you're identified. Amen. Because God God has identified his bride. God is identifying his bride to be himself. I'll just be very blunt with you. That's exactly what this message is. Amen. It's the revealing of the son of man. It's the body word of the son of man. That's the message. Amen. All right. So he said in verse, "Wherefore I'm in my body's sake which is the church. Wherefore I am made a minister according to the dispensation of God. Which dispensation are you in? He said, according to the dispensation of God, which is given to me for you to fulfill the word of God, even the mystery, singular mystery, which God hath hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints. to whom, that's the saints, the saints, to whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory. Now, we know that Christ is the word revealed. Christ is the mystery. This mystery revealed, the mystery of God revealed is Christ. Christ in you would be the mystery of God revealed. Let me say it again. Christ in you would be the mystery of God revealed. Amen. Or I should say Christ in you is the mystery of God revealed. All right. Now this word in verse 20 of Philippians boldness means a fearless confidence. plainly boldness. I said, "May I" He said, "Let me speak with boldness." Let me go back here. I shall be not ashamed or or ashamed means to be to be um embarrassed can be one word that the bold that with all boldness is always. So now Christ shall be magnified with all boldness. Fearless confidence plainly, openly, frankly is boldness. To magnify means to enlarge, make great and declare great in my body. Amen. So what's that going to take? It's going to compake a complete dependency on he that's in you. Right? It's a giving over of yourself. Amen. Amen. It's a giving over of yourself completely to him. Yielding to him. The more you yield to him, the more manifestation of himself you'll see. Right. Amen. That's right. God will work through you. Amen. So for even on verse 13 of Philippians 2:13 said, "It's for God which workketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure." Amen. Now all that God was, he poured into Christ. You've heard the brother Bram say that over and over again. He said all that God was. We seem to realize not realize he said all. All that God was, he poured into Christ. Then Christ was the revelation of himself in flesh. He came in flesh to redeem you and I through the blood. And the blood being poured out made way for the Holy Ghost himself to come and live in you and I. Amen. You believe that? All right. Then all that God was, he poured into Christ. And all that Christ was, he poured into his body, his bride, which is his church. He poured into his bride, which is the true church. So it's was God above us, God with us. Now it's God in us, not another God. The God, the creator of heavens and earth, the author of life, the giver of every good gift, the perfect one who is perfect in all he all his ways is perfect. Amen. You cannot run is what the prophet said. You cannot run without having an absolute. Right. Now, we are to run. We're in a we're in a race. We're running to the finish. We see the goal is in the goal line. If you're not seeing the goal line, you need to really get into the word because the goal line is right here before us. Amen. And so we want to be able to see. See is to understand. Not not phys not figure it out, right? But allowing God to reveal. So run that you may obtain. Amen. So he said we cannot run. We cannot run life for to me to live as Christ. We that's Christ in you and I. We cannot run life without an absolute. And the definition of an absolute we need to not just kind of lightly go over these definitions. The definition of your absolute which is Christ is unlimited in its power. Perfect in itself. Yes. Hallelujah. Maybe ought to start preaching now. Unlimited in its power. Perfect in itself. Amen. And it really is an ultimate. Uultimate. Other words, the amen. That's it. That settles it. It's a place where you are tied to something. It's or as I can say, it's something you're tied to. The Christian church is passing through the deepest waters it's had for the last 2,000 years. The Christian life should be a stabled life. If something comes to upset that stability, God didn't upset it. No, the devil upset it and he got you over on his side probably through reasoning and feelings and senses because this person in you the new birth. Do you realize that Jesus Christ the new birth is revealed in you and I? Yeah. Amen. Who is this new birth? It's your ultimate. Who is what is this? Who is this new creation? It's your ultimate. It's your absolute. It's the the ultimate. It's the amen. I don't care how you feel or what you're going through. You have the amen. Amen. To every situation. Praise the Lord. The problem is is we're fearing the situation instead to the depending on our absolute. Right. That's right. All right. If but if we had put him first place over the situation, the situation is under control and you can let off the pressure. You can quit striving. Oh, but I still feel it. But your feelings aren't your absolute. Right. Your senses are not your absolute. You can feel different every day. You can you can and your you know your heart has actually two meanings in the scripture. Your heart can be your mind, which is your spirit, or your heart can be the soul. We refer to both of them as being both ways. But the heart is the heart of a man, the carnal, the heart is absolutely wicked in every way. If you've got to keep it under obedience, it's a battlefield. Amen. All right. And he said it it can change its mind. It can be up one time and down the next, be this way and that way and but that's not your absolute. Your absolute is in the soul. Right? The absolute is Christ. For for to me to live or or the scripture said for to to me or for me to live is Christ, right? And to die is gain. So we're not in a win-lose situation. We're in a win-win situation. Amen. Amen. That's exactly right. All right. So, he said he said it's it's the Christian life should be a stable life. It should be something that's that's a principle that that you are tied to that is more than life itself. But there has got to be a final tiepost. There's got to be something that's final. Amen. There's got to be a final for the Christian. The final is Christ, right? All right. So, so there has to be somewhere that man has got to tie for his eternal destination. Now, eternal isn't something you're just going to all of a sudden go to. Eternal is existing right now in you. If Christ is living in you, you are determined and identified as eternal life. Right. Yeah. Because he can't come and live with you without eternal life being there. Yeah. Of course. Amen. Amen. So, you had to have the seed of eternal life. You had to have the gene of eternal life. You had to be in him for the water of the word to to wash over in this hour. Because, brother, sister, we're not we're not ministers of letter. We're ministers of the mind or the mind of the word. We are ministers of the logos. We are ministers of the thought behind the word. We are ministers of the spirit. Amen. The letter is good, but and I've got this is I'm I'm kind of delving into something I'd like to touch on next time I minister here. And so I'll leave it lay that way. All right. So, so here now, but there is only one thing that I think is the final typost. And I believe that Paul had a typost in his life here. And I'd like to side in. Would you like to side in tonight? Let's side in, if we'd call it that way, and speak on that typos. He said, "For me to live is Christ, and to die is gain." Now, Christ was Paul's absolute. Amen. It was his typos. It was his. Brother Brandham just took that statement, made it right there. It was his. What about yours? Yeah. Right. If it was his and this is an individual affair, then what about you? Is it your typost? I say, God, open this to us. I I tell you, I've read that scripture I don't know how many times. Well, just in about the last two weeks, I read it again and it become alive to me. Yes. You can read it. You can read it. You say, "Yes, amen. I believe it." But when it's a revelation, that's when it's substance. That's when it's a change. And it's not saying you weren't changed. I'm just saying, you know how the word it just it all of a sudden here it is alive. You mentally ascended to it. You gave it a right mental attitude. But when it come alive, yeah, it's axe. Yeah. Amen. Hallelujah. All right. So for me, he said it was Paul's absolute. It was his. It was the end of all arguments. Isn't that wonderful? It's the end of all argument. Yes. You don't even have to try to explain why it's yours. You don't even have to try to explain it to nobody. It's the word. It's your absolute. It's the ultimate. And that settles it. Amen. When you rested on that like that, you watch God move. Yeah. And it and he's gonna move because he has to keep his word. And faith takes its resting place because what you're doing when you do that, you're placing faith by love. You're placing faith in the driver's seat. Right? Whose faith? His Yes. And so his faith takes a hold. Living by and man and and working by love, it's going to take God at his word. Faith is going to rest in his word. God's faith is going to take its resting place. It don't have to go any further. That's it. only believe, right? You don't add You don't say I believe and then add your feeling to it. You don't say I believe and then add human to it. It's not serving God plus human. Right? It's serving God in his faith, in his word. It's serving him by keeping what he said. If you love me, keep my word. Yeah. If he and and let the rule let the the Bible said, "Let the let the let God let the excuse me, let the peace of God rule your hearts." Right? That rule there is umpire. So let the peace of God umpire. If he said it's strike, settle it in your mind that it's a strike. Put it on the battlefield, then it's a strike and go on. If he said it's a ball, then put it as a ball and go on. If he said you're healed, you're healed. It isn't your feelings to it. He said you are, and you go forth and act on it, feed it, water it, and hold right there and give God praise and glory and thanks for all things and rejoice continually and giving forth a sacrifice of praise whether you feel like it or don't. Amen. Amen. That's worship. That's worship. Amen. You're not letting anything else come in your way. He said so. That settles it. I'm going to take him at his word. The problem is we haven't searched the scripture to see what is his will. We're accepting our feelings as his will instead of looking in the word and see what is his will. Instead of going back to a message, it was the perfect interpretation of the word for this hour. That perfect has come. And prophet said when he quoted that scripture he said for we have now the perfect interpretation of the word and we first have to see our rapture in faith or will never be a body change. We must first see the word by faith or they'll never come to manifestation. Right? It's not your mind over matter. It's not your feelings over matter. It's the word over matter. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. That's right. Amen. So why are we not believing the word? Why are we allowing things to come between us that's not the word? It's time to take and pull up the bootstraps and say, "Lord, your word said so. I'm taking you at your word. I don't care what anyone says. Even the closest friend, children, husbands, wives, I don't care what it is. Your word said so. I'm going to take you at your word." Amen. And go acting on the word. Yes. Now you get in a situation where you won't even hardly read the scriptures anymore. You won't hardly even feed on the word. Why? Because it's going to expose. Because when light comes on the scene, it exposes darkness. Light exposes. Light does make manifest. That's why people hate to set under the opening of the word and the preaching of faith in that word because it exposes. It makes manifest. But when it does, you have a choice. You either accept it or you reject it. Amen. Brother and sister, we are not ministers of darkness. We are children of light. This bride is the child of light. Amen. We are children of the light. Amen. Praise the Lord. When you go to compromising on the word, you're flirting with the devil. Let me say that again. When you start compromising with that word and you start reasoning against it, you're flirting with the devil. Yeah. Because he'll get you to reason and say, "Here's what God meant. Here's why he said it." That's exactly what Eve listened to. Amen. But what was the difference between Cain and Abel? Both of them worshiped. Both of them heard from God. Both of them built a church. Both of them built a place of sacrifice. But one had a revelation of what God had and his will was and caught the revelation of why they fell. And Cain didn't. Yet God turned around and vindicated the message for the hour. Vindicated the prophet to be true. Vindicated his message to be right. Vindicated Abel's min Abel's revelation. Why didn't Cain accept it? It was right there vindicated before him. He even heard God speak. Both anointed to build the s build altars. Amen. Today, today we have the same thing. Both anointed by the Holy Spirit, but one can receive the word and the other can't. What's the difference? Not the anointing. The difference was the word for the season. The ability to hear what God's saying. That's right. That's the truth. Amen. All right. Now, so here we go. Hold on. One day, one day he was on his road to Damascus and he met Jesus face to face. The prophet said, "A minister don't even have a right to stand in this pulpit until on that sacred ground of his soul, he's met God face to face." Think of that. What about What about his body? What about the bride? What about Are they going to meet God face to face before they meet him in the air? You bet you they are because the new birth is a meeting of the person of Christ himself in you. Yeah. face to face. Christ who is our life. The Bible said Christ is our life. Did you know that? Who's he speaking to there? He's speaking to the believers. Christ is our life. Colossians chapter 4, Christ or three, Christ is our life. Yes. Amen. Yes. And when you meet him, you come face to face with yourself. Amen. That's exactly what the scripture said. Look into the word. If you've got a heart and and the ability to hear God's word, you didn't have that ability. You never manufactured that. You couldn't work that up. It's not something you did. It's the gift of God. Amen. Amen. By grace through faith. Faith is a gift of God. The gift of God is himself opened up and revealed in you which is eternal life. The gift of God is eternal life. Amen. Hallelujah. All right. So he said Paul met him face to face and from there on he cut loose from his Pharisee typost. And you're going to cut loose. You're going to cut loose because God in your walk with him is going to make sure you cut loose. He's going to put it before you to cut loose. He's going to bring conviction and show you this is not the right way. If he has to bring whatever he has to do to get you to do it, he's going to press you a little bit and you're going to make the right choice. Amen. Amen. And he but because he's already seen you make the right choice. He already ordained you to make the right choice. He said, "I chose you." Why? How did he choose us? Because he knew us. The reason we know him is because he knew us. Amen. Because we love him is because he loved us. We couldn't know him except he knew me. Now, it's not that he knew everything. He knew us. Remember he said he said to those that come to him in that day and said, "Lord, we've cast out devils in your name. We've done mighty miracles and wonders. We've we prophesied in your name, preached in your name, prophesied in your name." And he said, "Depart from me, you workers of iniquity, because you saw the word promised for the hour truly a vindicated." You saw the message. You saw it and refused it. Amen. And knowing to do good and doeth it not is iniquity, knowing to do what's right. And he said he he said, "Depart from me. I never knew you, but Lord, we were anointed by your spirit. Anointed, but I never knew you. You see, that's one of the mysteries of the hour is how that is. Amen. I never knew you. Now, I can talk this to real believers been around for a while. Amen. Amen. You ought to be grown up enough to realize now to to let off these ifs. What if? What ifs? What if? What if? What? You're under control of the Holy Ghost. You're being led by the Holy Spirit. What do you want? How can you have any more than that? He's leading you by the word. You see it in the word. Then why not lay down your own selfish, man-made ideas? Lay it down and come back to the word. Yeah. Come back to what a prophet said. Come back to the interpretation he's given us on this word and quit trying to put your opinion to it. That's harsh words, brother David. No, it's just boldly and love spoken. And I'm not trying to be anything. I'm just preaching the word God the way he gave it to me to minister it. So So if you don't like it, I'm sorry. Go to my head. talk to him. Right? Is that right? All right. So, so here we are. He had he he he said he cut loose. He retied himself again. That that Jesus who had who he knowed was crucified died and rose again. Paul knew it because he met the person. Paul knew it because he met the person. Who are you, Lord? I'm Jesus. You can I can you can you can't even imagine hardly what that was to Paul. Why you why are you persecuting me, Paul? Well, who are you? I'm the believer you're persecuting. Yeah, that's my seed. That's my life. You're persecuting me. Well, who are you, Lord? He knew that was the Lord. And he knew there was only one God, not a second person of the Godhead. Right? He knew who he was. He said, then who are you? He said, "I'm Jesus whom you persecute." Boy, that got him. He either could receive it or not receive it. He had a choice. Amen. Now, you're going to be brought to choice tonight. You need to go and look in the scripture. What you're doing and your attitude you're taking and what's happening. Is this with the word or isn't it? Right. Amen. And then go go hear what the prophet had to say about the word. See what he had to say about your situation. What did he say? Then line up with it. If it's your absolute, then it's the absolute. We believe the word of the Lord came to his prophet. Right? It was not William Brham's message yet. It was, but you know what I'm saying. It wasn't a man's message. It was the revealing of the son of man. That's right. Amen. Amen. Is that right? Yeah. You're not feeding on a man. Right. But his message is the coming of Christ. His message is the revealing of the son of man. His message is Christ in you. Amen. Amen. Somebody's going to receive the word. Somebody's going to make it manifest. And what is your position, bride? You're the expression of him. Right? I could jump ahead here, but I'll just hold back just a minute. I'm going to keep this right as tight as I can tonight. But one day, okay, he met God. That changed him right there. He met the person that changed him right there. He was never the same from then on. Something hap something in his heart said, "Amen. That's right." And where God sent another God sent a a messenger down to him. I can imagine he said, "What must I do then? What must I do to be born?" He said, "Repent, Paul." Yeah. You think you think Ananiah or is that was it Ananas? He said, he said, "You think he would have taken him some other direction?" No. He went right back to one that had the revelation in the key. He said, "Repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." Right? Paul said, "That's what I've been looking for. Then I that's what I want." And because the Bible said immediately he was taken out and was baptized. Yeah. Is that right? All right. Amen. He and I laid his hands on him and the scales come off his eyes. Amen. Boy, he was a changed man. I'll show him what great things he's got to suffer for me. Amen. Other words, what he reaps, he's going to have to sow, but he's mine and he's my messenger and he's going to preach and he's going to not care. He said,"None of these things move me." Paul said, Acts 20, "None of these things." He said, "Don't try to turn me away from going to Jerusalem." He knew he knew these things awaited him. He said, "But don't try to discourage me." He said, he said, I none of these things move me. I don't even count myself dear unto me. Boy, that's a good one. Right? How many how time many times we pamper oursel? Well, it doesn't fit my way of thinking. Doesn't fit the way I've had. Doesn't fit this. Be careful what you think. It don't fit. Right? You don't have to figure things out. Just take God at his word. Yes. Amen. Amen. All right. Now, Paul was born again. He was converted. Amen. Ezekiel 36. If you want, you don't have to turn. If you want to just listen to these things, but I I want to just get over there. E Ezekiel 36. You've heard it many times. I'm going to read I'm going to read here verse 26. A new heart also will I give you a new spirit will I put in within you. that spirit. Now, that's not the Holy Spirit. That's sanctification. I'll give you a new spirit. I'll sanctify it. Amen. Are you with me? Because you remember the spirit rules the body, controls the body. So, a new spirit I'll give you. Brother Bram said, when you couldn't even get along with your own spirit anymore, he said, "I'll give you a new spirit." All right? He said, "A new heart, a new spirit will I put in there." And then, and he said, "And I will take away that stony heart. I'll make it soft out of your flesh and I'll give you a heart of flesh. Other words, soft, pliable. I can work with it. All right. But then watch what he'll do. And I will put my spirit. Yes. And I'll put my spirit within you and cause you and what? And cause you. Oh, well, I can do it, Lord. No, you can't do it. I will cause you to do it. Amen. Then what will the spirit do? He can't lead you away from the word, but I'll lead you in the word. Right? Okay. So, he said, "I'll put my spirit within you and cause you to walk in my statutes." Not be a hearer only, but a doer. Yeah. I'll cause you to walk in my statutes. Other words, my word. And you shall keep my judgments. You shall keep them. Well, I got the Holy Spirit. Bless God. Why aren't you keeping his judgments? Now, I'm not saying you can't make mistakes and fail, but you're going to get back up and change it and keep on going in his word. You'll recognize it. You'll see it. And you'll change it. You won't continue down the same path. Let me just read something to you out of Proverbs. I wasn't going to read this, but just come to my heart. Is it okay if I follow the Holy Spirit here tonight? Is that fine? Okay. Proverbs 25 28 28. And this is where a lot of people fall and fail to to realize. 20 I got to get to it because I didn't have it planned. 28 and it's verse 13. He that coverth his sin shall not prosper. But who so confessth and here's the kicker. Yeah. Forsaketh them. Well, I've confessed it. Why don't you forsake it then? Right. Right. Why are you still living with it? Why you still under the bondage of it? Forsake it. Amen. And forsaketh it forsaketh them shall have mercy. That would mend a lot of marriages. I I guarantee it. Amen. And that would mend a lot of false ideas about marrying and not marrying, too. When your eyes come open, then why don't you walk in the truth? All right. Now, you may think I'm talking openly to somebody. Listen, I'm preaching to you the truth as God puts it in my mouth. If the shoe fits, like we always said, wear it. Let me I say, not I'm not pointing up to you. I have three pointing back at me. There more pointing at me than there is at you. I don't usually People don't usually point like this, but the biggest one is pointing back. Amen. All right. So, it's well for me as well for you. I have been through many trials and tests and I've been corrected many, many times and we'll still have correction and probably still make mistakes right up to the time I'm raptured. Right? You can't rely, you can't try to perfect your flesh. But you can stay true to the word and let God do the work in you like he wants to do and bring himself a manifestation through you. God will work if you quit trying and give it to him in yourself. Quit trying in yourself. It's not in I'm not asking you to try in yourself. I'm asking you to take a hold of what's in you. You say, "I'm born again." Then take a hold of what's in you and release it. Quit holding it captive. Quit trying to put it in a box of your thinking. All right. So now he retied himself. Okay? Now he never met a book. He met the person. He was never the same from then on. He never met a book. He never met a creed. He met the person, Jesus Christ. So Ezekiel says, I I've read it to you, verse 27. and I will dwell and and ye shall dwell in the land that I give to your fathers and you shall be my people and I will be your God. Amen. Now give a new heart. Brother Brham said give a new spirit and then he puts his spirit. He then he puts his spirit his spirit in you. You don't have to go around pretend that you're a Christian man or woman. You don't have to go around pretending it. It's not a put on. It's a life expressed. You don't It lives through you. It lives automatically through you. Amen. All right. The more you let go, when you let go, he hasn't let go. You let go of yourself. Right. He takes control of yourself. Amen. That's exactly what he said. Then then what does he say? What does he say you should do? lay your veil on his shoulders. Amen. And when you do, he accepts the obligation. Oh, but Lord, I'm afraid to lay my veil on his show shoulders. I'm I'm afraid I'm afraid what others are going to say to about me. If I let too far to go, then I lose my sense of reasoning. I lose my ability to think. I lose That's a devil talking to you. Okay. Are you with me? Lost anybody? All right. Now, now it's see what what is it? It's the wheel in the middle of the wheel. It's that little wheel, that hub. That wheel don't turn unless the hub turns. Right? Unless there's a power to that hub and that turns the wheel, the rest of the wheel turns. So, you have a little wheel in the middle of the wheel. That little wheel in your soul is a control room, right? Who lives in it determines the outcome, right? Amen. And who lives in it is who you are. Right. All right. 2 Corinthians 4:6. If you want to turn over there real quick. 2 Corinthians 4 and verse 6. And we'll see here. He had I'm talking about born again, converted. Verse six. For God, For God who commanded the light to sh, how did what was his command? His thought expressed in a word. For God who commanded the light to shine out of darkness, hath shined in our hearts to give the light. What's it for? to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ. There is your face to face meeting right there. Right? Whose face are you seeing? His. What's his face? When you see his face, what's it reflecting back to you? Your face. So, it's a face-to-face meeting. You've met the person. Amen. There's your change right there. There's the birth. Amen. Without that, there is no birth. That's right. Amen. How can his seed be opened in you and not see him? And if you see him, you see yourself. Amen. Amen. Christ who is our life. When he shall appear, that's more than out here in the future. I'm not saying it isn't. But when Christ who is our life shall appear, we shall also appear with him right in glory. The glory of the revealed word, the glory of the rapture, the glory of all these things that we know has got to be. We're meeting him now for that purpose. Right? It's this faith. It's this faith of what he promised. This hope becoming substance is what's taking you there. Amen. Amen. Amen. All right. So, face to face 2 Corinthians 4:6 with who you are, the new birth in your soul. That's the real you. You've passed from death to life. Now, what's the word? What think he of the word now? What think he of Christ? He's a little wheel in the middle of the wheel. He's the stone cut out of the mountain without hands. Heweed out without hands. A sharp instrument. Amen. Where was that stone? What mountain was it in? Pyramid. That's exactly where it was. Amen. And it was an unwritten word. John was forbidden to write it. But you're a rock in that rock. You're a stone in that stone. Amen. What is What's the word promised for the hour? The capstone ministry. What is it? It's the revealing of what? The son of man. What was this picture taken for? What is it for? He's uniting with his people. We've turned a corner. It's the bride coming of Christ. That's what he promised to come manifested in. That's the royal seed to the royal promised son. Brother Brandham said, "And that's the promise of the hour." And who is it revealing? The son of man again. All right. So where is the re what what is the bride? It's the true revelation of Jesus Christ in the bride form. Amen. Expressing itself in the formation of the bride. I know that's going online. You know what those fanatics believe? They believe they're Christ. Not only believe it, we know it. Well, they have the they have a a man back 2,000 years ago in that form, but this is the same person in another form. It's the anointed word in you. Christ the anointed one in you. For me to live is Christ the anointed word. Amen. Amen. Amen. All right. Galatians, he said, "No, I'm sorry. The Christ centered life." All right. Now it's 1 John 4:4 said, "You are of God, little children, and greater is he that is in you than he that is of the world." You know the scripture. All right? You are of God. Said, "Greater is he that is in you." What is in you, brother Rams? In the message, he that is in you, 1963, he says this. He said, "What is in you that's greater? It's Christ. He the anointed. It's Christ the anointed. Not Christ sing plural. It's Christ the anointed. The anointed God that was in Christ that was in Christ is in you. Same spirit. Same works. Why? Because St. John 14:12 said, "He that believeth in me, right? The works I do, not the works I did." Yeah. But the works I do now. The works I'm doing now, you shall do also. Jesus said, "My father workketh, and I workketh hitherto." He's working at this moment, and my flesh is is moved and brought under submission to him. He shows me, and I do it. That same harmony, not vision, but same harmony of revelation is to exist between the bride and the groom today. That same harmony, he shows her and she carries it out. Amen. Amen. That's right. You see, we're coming to our pos we are realizing our positive position. This message was a message of maturity. This message is a message of the maturity of himself in the bride form. That's right. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. That's exactly right. Praise the Lord. Thank you, brother David. That's it. Praise the Lord. Amen. Boy, you had your part to play right then. That's it. That's that's that's it. That's the truth. That's how simple it is. She said the right thing. Amen. Is that right? At the right time. Acknowledged it. The amen is the acknowledge of it. It comes from another source. It's just not a mental amen. It's a soul amen. That's right. That's the truth. And so be it unto me if it takes the hide off me. So be it unto me to let your name be magnified and to obey your command and your word. For to me to live is Christ. So be it unto me if it brings every trial, every test, every heartache, everything else. I'm willing to stand in that position and allow it to be. Because God is not an author of frustration. He's not an author of fr. He's not here to frustrate you. He has a purpose in allowing these trials. He had a purpose to allowing these tests. He's trying to get you out of yourself and conquer yourself and show you that who you are in your position. Amenise. All right. That's the message of the hour. Amen. That's the mystery of the seventh seal. It was an un the seal opened up unveiled a mystery. But when the mysteries unveiled, it's then a secret hidden. It was it was a it was a mystery hidden. God hid God kept it hid until this end time. John, because John knew what it said, then we had to come here at the end and it had to be a revelation to know what it said. Brother Bram said it didn't utter for nothing. That's right. That's right. Why? It's showing the bride the secret of his coming. And this is what's happening to the bride. It is a secret catching away. It is only for the bride. It's for her. She's a special class of people. It's not for me to say you're in and I you're out. But I'll tell you, your fruit of receiving the teaching, the promise of the word for the season is going to be the evidence of where you're standing. Not the anointing. You'd be anointed. There's an anointing. And I'm thankful for the anointing. I believe in the anointing. If I didn't have the anointing, there'd be no seed come to life within me. Amen. But the anointing can fall. It fall on the whole group. It fell on on at the day of Pentecost upon all flesh. But not all flesh were predestinated seed. Amen. Here's two prophets, Micah and Zedekiah, both anointed. Brother Ram said, both anointed of the Holy Ghost. Both saying, "Thus sayaeth the Lord." What made the difference? The teaching of ma ma Micah because he went back to the Elijah a vindicated prophet before him and said this is what he said for this season. It looks reasonable that you're saying Syria has no right to come and take our land. But it's not the season, right? And who's going to hear the word for the season? That elect bride is going to hear and receive the word for the season for her to live is Christ. Amen. He's always the word for the season. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. What's our season? Yes. The uniting of the headstone with the body. Right. We have a capstone ministry. Amen. That's not a Pentecostal message. That's the message of the rapture. What a resurrection that was. And what a resurrection this is. become out of dark denominationalism and become the very thing that God promised this hour that the bride would be the that would be himself his coming in bride form. He had to fulfill that in order to bring it back to that seventh day of Eden. Hallelujah. Amen. I know there's Satan hates this kind of preaching because it positionally puts us where we belong. It wasn't the anointing. It was the teaching that was in there. Balam didn't had the didn't have a wrong anointing. He had and he prophesied things that were true. But what was it? His teaching was an air. That's right. We're not all the same. We are different. That's right. He brought us down here to say a little a little eating together, a little fellowship around. Even Polycarp felt that way. Right. But look at what Irenius did when he came. He was militant against any form of organization. Amen. It's an individual affair between you and God. I believe in coming to church, but don't let church go on beyond what it is. It's a meeting place where we can hear the word and receive it. But this is an individual affair. Amen. I thank the Lord. Every time the anointing falls, we shout and praise the Lord just as just as hard as the tears can or the tears can as hard as a wheat can. That's right. That's right. But don't judge it by how many miracles you can bring or what you can do because they can do the same thing under the power of the spirit. There's no devil gets cast out. No healing takes place. No miracles except God do it. But in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. Amen. So, it's the ability that God's given for you to hear the word for your season. That's the fruit he's seeing produced. It's not a mental affair. It's not a pumpup affair. It's not a It's a birth affair. It's a word affair. It's a word maturing. Amen. That's why you're seeing that's why you're seeing one side is going to go right off and because that because the the union of churches will look so reasonable and such a such so so reasonable. You don't want to lose your privileges. You don't want to lose this. It looks so reasonable to join up with them and continue to preach the message. But it's an error. I could go on more and more bring up the quote in church age book. You know where I'm talking about. It looked very reasonable. look inviting. Brother Brandham said, "The temptation will be as follows." And he told us exactly what it was. And we see that denominational spirit working amongst in around the people of the message. It's going to fall right into that. They'll side right with it. Because it's not unreasonable. It looks reasonable, but it's not the word. Now, there's a whole message could be preached on that. Amen. Amen. And I Anyway, I'm getting off track here. Let's Let's get centered back here. I need to wrap it up. All right. Now, it's the end of everything. It's the end of all strife, the end of arguments. Everything was gone. You see, now we're not a divided people. We've got to be in unity. Be talking about the bride here. Because each one of us is holding a part of God. See, the word can't deny the word. Brother Bram said, "Elect cannot persecute elect." Right. Amen. The elect cannot persecute elect. Amen. They're going to be in unity under one head and unified under the word. Yes. For the hour, for the time, the season. What is the season? Well, one way, as I said, we've already said it's capstone season. the time for the union. It's the marriage season. The marriage has come. Not the rapture, the marriage. He the rapture is going to the wedding supper. He said, he said, "Now the marriage has come and the the ministry of the son of man is uniting the two together." Amen. There you are. So, you see what's happening? Why you're peculiar? Because God's uniting the two together. Amen. You want to read that? That's in proving his word, Jeffersonville. The end. Amen. He makes it very clear. All right. And he goes right on. Right on all the way to communion and makes it very clear. All right. I've got to All right. Now, a Christ centered life. Now, watch what he says. Paul said, "Nothing present, nothing future, death, sickness, sorrow can separate us from the love of God that's in Christ Jesus." Nothing. Nothing. Nothing present, nothing future, death, sickness, sorrow can separate us from the love of God that's in Christ Jesus. Brother Brown, I'm preaching the message. God's word calls for a total separation from unbelief. He said anyone, anything, anybody that comes between you and keeping and holding and act and believing that word is the devil. It's unbelief. Yeah. And he called for it. God called for a separation. God calls for a total separation from unbelief. Not the person. We're not talking about person flesh man. We're talking about spirits here. They rise up. Amen. Very nice people, very close to you. Some of the closest people next to you, but they'll raise up and divide you from doing what you should be doing, where you should be walking, right? Where you should be living, right? Amen. Then that becomes if you listen to that, that becomes that becomes you're taking and putting that in position over the word. And that should not be and cannot be so. Amen. That's right. God will never bless that. All right. So, we go back. There's a lot of things could be said on this. In fact, a lot of quotes of this, but we can't do that. Save time. Now, no matter how much science raises up and says this, see, it's a tiepost. You know, something's happened. No matter who says it, no matter what says it, no matter anyone, you are tied. You and God become one. Amen. You and God become one. What's that absolute? What you're tied to? Unlimited in power. What's Christ? Unlimited in power. Ultimate. Perfect. Is that right? Then you expect your leadership to be perfect. If he if you're doing something that isn't right and he shows it to you, why don't you just simply lay yourself down, take up your cross, and follow him. That's exactly right. All right. Now, Christ centered life, it was a different life than you once had. You once had an educational conception, mental conception, but now you have a got a Christ centered life, an absolute. There's going to be a bride that's been elected since the foundation of the world that's going to be tied to that typost. Are you one of them? When the bride gets the true revelation and what she is, she st what she stands for and that she can do the greater works, she will be an invincible army. If they get a true revelation of the two spirits with true and false vine, two seed, two spirits within the framework of the Christian church. Amen. He spoke to both all through seven ages. Is that right? Through the framework of the Christian church and by God's spirit discern. How you going to discern? How you going to when the two spirits are so close, right? The anointing this anointing is com is is the same, but the outcome isn't the same. Right? You believe Judas was anointed to cast out devils? Yes. Bet he was. He received the power. Yeah. What was he? What was he inside? A son of predition, a son of the devil. Isn't that something? And if that was then, what about his second return of Christ and coming here today? Where would it be? Right? And who's going to discern the difference? It'd be so close it would deceive the elect, if possible. And you're beginning to see a greater separation because the maturity of the word is here. And you're seeing you're seeing people very close, but they're still back here preaching a message not of the day, but of a day gone by. Amen. They're they're preaching. We believe in a Pentecostal message. We believe in life. We believe in that life. But the Pentecostal message denominated and was shook. You follow what I'm saying? All right. Then we're not preaching that. That's not our ministry. We had to come through that. Brother Brham said the baptism of the Holy Ghost made way for the Holy Ghost himself to come right down in perfection back to the word. That's where we're at. That's our day. Amen. Exactly. All right. See the token, the token is the literal life of Christ in you. That's why this preaching like this because we're talking about the token. Yeah. You must have the token and it must be applied. Well, I'm afraid if I apply it, I'm going to hurt feelings. Don't you let the devil lie to you that way. Right. You're not going to hurt anybody's feelings by taking the word and standing on it. Right. That's right. You may offend people. You may hurt feelings. But that doesn't turn you away from the word. If that turns you away from the headship of Christ, there's something wrong in your relationship with God. Nobody wants to hurt feelings. Nobody wants to offend anybody. But you're going to offend. I'm going to tell you right now, when you take your stand for this truth and preach the truth, you're going to offend somebody. It's not intentional, but it happens. Right. If I went out and intentionally offended people, I would have I would be a wrong spirit. Amen. But how many times would Jesus offended by their reaction to what he said? Right. Amen. See? All right. Now, so discern and withstand the antichrist spirit. Satan will be powerless before her. Galatians 2:20 said that. Let's go over there. I've got to read it to you. You've read it many, many times. But I don't care how many times you read something. It's when it's quickened. Verse 20, 220. I am crucified with Christ. How many is here crucified with Christ? I am crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live. Yet not I, but Christ liveth in me. How the devil is so quick because we get in the flesh. Sometimes we answer roughly, we do something and right away pointing the finger. See, if you had the spirit of God, you wouldn't have done that, right? Anybody is that me or is that anybody else here? But our Lord is not judging you, right? By the outer man. He's judging in what you're going to do with what you see you did. Are you going to change? And you say, "Yes, I shouldn't have done that. I'm sorry." You're quick to forgive. And you should be quick to accept it. Hit their forgiveness asking for it. Amen. Was Jesus forgiving? Absolutely. I'm glad I can be forgiven. I'm glad God isn't looking at me and say, "Uhuh. Uh oh." No. It's not a law. It's life. It's the intent of your soul. But if that intent is right, you never intended to do it in the first place. And when you realize, as soon as you do it, you know it's wrong. And how many times we get in the flesh and say things we shouldn't say. And yet somebody next to you is quick to judge you that you were wrong and shouldn't have done that. Then let's see you perfect. That's right. Let's see you perfect. My wife has seen the carnal side of me. I've seen her carnal side. But do I stand here and say, "Well, no, that that anols the marriage right there. We're not married now." That does not change my relationship with her. Amen. That's the truth. Doesn't change the relationship. I was I was meant to marry her from the foundation of the world. I We come as one. Our relationship doesn't change. We might be strained in our fellowship. Hello Hello. Must have hit a cord. Might be strained in the fellowship a little bit, but it doesn't change the relationship, right? And I don't care if he's an outright sinner, an unbeliever. You're to serve him. And I don't care if she's an outright sinner believer. If she's willing to live with you, keep it. Stay there. Let's go back to the word. Amen. Go back to the word. Amen. Now, a lot could be said on that and someday I may just have to take a message unless I expect my pastor to beat me to it. No, I can't say that. If the Lord wills, we will do thus and thus. All right. When the bride gets a true revelation. All right. Now that's tells that's the difference. So So I am crucified with Christ. What time I got? Okay. I'm crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live lived. Yet not I, but Christ liveth in me. And the life which I now live in the flesh. Notice it's not I but Christ living in me. And the life which I now live in the flesh, I live by the faith of who? Same faith. All right. Then who's greater in you? It's Christ the anointed. God was in Christ as in you. Greater is he that is in you. He that's in the than he that's in the world. Then if he's in you, it's not you anymore living. It's him living in you. Yes. This is who you are. The real you in the soul. Him living in you. That's who you are. Right. All right. It's not it. See, it's not your thinking what you think about this. It's what he said about this. See, then then if he's in you, he absolutely would not deny what he said. He couldn't do it. Then he he would keep what he has said. And he's trying to find that person that he can vindicate himself through. Paragraph 68 of perfect faith. The believer that we're talking about the true believer because he's speaking to true believers. Talking about perfect faith, true believers. Okay. He said the believer is the faith of God moving in you. That's the believer. Amen. Okay. What is the believer? It's the revelation of God. The believer is the revelation or the substance of God. Substance faith. All right. He said first John 5:4, he said, "This is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith." There's the believer. Our is the believer. All right. Then our faith is what? The faith of God. No wonder it overcomes the world because it's the faith of God moving or action in you. It's the word living and action. He said that's what the bride would be. It would be the word living and action. The word becomes living and it becomes operative in you. Yes. Amen. All right. So he said he said then the believer that's the believer is our faith of the true believer the faith of God the revelation of God. Psalm 62:2 you don't have to turn there. I'm just going to read it. I'm just going to quote it. He said he is my rock. speaking of God. Two or three places in that scripture, he said, "He, God is my rock." And brother Brandham came right down to the message shalom and said that rock there means revelation. He said in the scripture, rock means revelation. And he said, "So God is my revelation." That's the believer. The believer in you is that faith. Amen. Revelation of God. That's the believer's identity. That's the believer's position is the revelation of God in you. All right? That brings you and the and him as one. 2 Samuel 22. Let me just move over there real quick. 2 Samuel 22. Well, I thought I had that marked. I don't. Okay, let me get it here real quick. Or maybe I do. No. Okay. 2 Samuel 22. Okay. And verse what do I have marked here? Okay. Two. The spirit of the Lord spake by me and his word was in my tongue. And the God of Israel said, the rock of Israel spake to me. He that ruleth over men must be just, ruling in the fear of God. Amen. I'm sorry. That's 23. I'm sorry. I thought that didn't sound just right. But the rock part is right. Chapter 22, verse two. And the Lord and he said, this is David spake unto the Lord. And he said, the Lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer. Now the Bible said the name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and are safe. All right. Then what is the name of the Lord? The presence and person of Christ in you is your strong tower. All right. So and he said Lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer. The God of my rock. In him will I trust. He is my shield, horn of my salvation, my high tower and my refuge. My savior. Thou saveest me from violence. I will call upon the Lord who is worthy to be praised. Amen. Amen. The real you, the prophet said, the you, the real you, is the spirit of God in you. All right. Isaiah 59:19 said this, "So shall they fear the name of the Lord from the west and his glory from the rising of the sun. When the enemy shall come in like a flood, the spirit of the Lord shall lift up a standard against him." And brother Brandham said, "Are you one of them?" Then the standard isn't off here somewhere, right? It is this word but it's a thought here revealed in you of this that is a person that is a logos that's God's thought you were in that thinking amen to be expressed in your day and how are you expressed by the word hallelujah all right now So then you are the standard, the absolute living word in your soul, veiled behind your flesh. Now she, the bride, is Hebrews 13:8. His coming is the secret. She alone knows. What is what is this revealed? What is this formation of the bride? What what is it doing? It's revealing the coming of the son of man again. He had to come in that form. Okay, I've been through that. Let me just keep going. I'm about finished. Where in the We're in the last days and the last hours of the day. Do you see him now in his word and all of his word made manifest right here before us? Oh church of the living God. Get to your feet. Believe in him and all that's in you. With all that's in you. Hold to that little wheel in the middle of the wheel. Let it stabilize every move and every motion you make, every thought that you have. May it be controlled by this tower on the inside of you. Because God is setting right in his word of this hour. You He is sitting right in his word. Amen. Where is it? Right here tonight. He's sitting right in his word of this hour in the evening light showing forth the light. Amen. I spoke this morning and last Sunday morning on the wheel in the middle of the wheel or that little inside soul on the inside of the spirit. So the soul controls the spirit and the spirit controls the body. Amen. Then if you give way and and give and give yourself to what's in the soul, it'll control. You bring it under you bring your spirit under obedience by choice, bringing it subject to the word, then you got to manifest him in flesh. Amen. Amen. Amen. All right. Now, now I'm going to read Psalm 71. Well, you know what? Let's time to turn to Psalm 73. I may just have you go home and read Psalm 71. Psalm save save time here because it's going to take a little long because I was going to read the whole chapter and it's very good because Psalm 71, let me just read a couple verses of it. Psalm 71. In thee, O Lord, I do put my trust. Let me never be put to confusion. Deliver me in thy righteousness, and cause me to escape. Incline thine ear unto me, and save me. Be thou my strong habitation, wherein I may continually resort that thou has given com given commandment to save me. For thou art my rock and my fortress. All right. My mouth deliver me, oh Lord, out, oh God, out of the hand of the wicked, out of the hand of the unrighteous and cruel man. For thou art my hope, oh Lord God. Thou art my trust from my youth. And I want to make mention of that because I want something I got to read right at the end here. Now I think we'll stop right there. You can go back and read. You can read it further. Verse 9 said, "Cast me not off in the time of old age." Huh, David? Forsake me not when my strength faileth. Now, he knows what I'm talking about. Cuz we happen to be the same age. It's not a laughing matter. It's It's the truth. But thank God for strength, huh, Brother David, to keep moving. Keep on keeping on. We may, huh? I wouldn't have to bring that up, my brother. It's your birthday the 23rd. the 1st of March 21st. Okay. See, I'm the 12th of February. Not much older, but I am your elder. That means older in age, not a bishop or something over him. Just older in age. Okay. Praise the Lord. Yeah, that's right. All right. All right. Let my mouth be filled with thy praise and with thy honor all the day. Cast me not off in the time of old age. Forsake me not when my strength faileth. Amen. Psalm 73. You remember the song, thou the stream of all my comfort, more than life to me. Fanny Crosby wrote that. Thou the stream of all. That's always been a very tremendous verse to me. Thou the stream of all my comfort, more than life to me. Whom have I on earth beside thee? Brother Brandham at one point said, "What have I on earth beside thee? Or whom in heaven but thee?" You see, absolute in the flashing red light sign of his coming. Will you allow me just about three minutes to read this? No. Amen. Okay, brother Paul, you got five more minutes. All right. No, I meant to read Psalm 73 here. Just 23rd verse. Nevertheless, I'm continually with thee and h and hastened me by my right hand. Yeah. Thou shalt guide me with thy counsel, and afterward receive me to glory. Whom have I in heaven but thee? And there is none upon earth that I desire beside thee. My flesh and my heart faileth, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever. Amen. Amen. That's where that that's where that song that scripture was taken from. All right. In the flashing red light sign of his coming. I'm closing the Bible here. So, let me just read this. I don't know why it's a strange thing to read. I just felt to read it. He said, "Give me, give me grace to never complain." This paragraph 165 1- 167. I want my life, oh Lord. I want my people life. God grant that our life could be crowned. No matter if we suffer, whatever takes place, how many turns against me, I know this is one. I know this one thing in my life as I get older, my friends. The stream behind me will soon be running out narrower and narrower as I go down the road. And I know one thing, I'll have to it'll come to pass after a while that there will be nobody come to me and say, "Ask me advice." The ones who know me in my younger days will be gone on if I shall live. My friends will get fewer and fewer as I get older now. And I know that someday I've got to die. I hope that God never lets Satan crown me as an old crabid indifferent man and my wife an old nagging woman. Or your wife or your that way. I pray, brother, that our lives will be crowned with the fruits of the spirit. Love, joy, longsuffering, gentleness, patience, truth, faith in the Holy Spirit. My life thins out. About 35 years ago, I stood in the pulpit as a little boy. Tonight, I'm an old I'm old, gray in hair and bald-headed. Sounds familiar. Stooping shoulder. I'm broke down. My life is running out and my threads are getting brittle that I'm walking on. As I move on down the stream, my friends get fewer. And after a while, I'll come to a place maybe that I won't enjoy the songs like I used to. And maybe my grandchildren, the children will have to say, "Don't make grandpa nervous." It may come to that if I live. Then I'll come on down till I get up out of my chair. Then one morning the flag, excuse me, then it'll come down till I can't, excuse me, I get down to where I can't get out of my chair. Then one morning the fog will come into the room. I'll motion across the border to death to come and get me. He can only take me by the hand and lead me across to my master. He is not my slave driver. I am not his slave. He is my slave. Christ conquered death for me and only thing he can do is pull me into the presence of my maker. When this earthly tabernacle be dissolved for me to die is gain. Amen. Amen. Amen. Ephesians 6:13 and having in 14 having done all to stand. There's a portion of the scripture having done all to stand therefore with the whole armor on. When you've done all the stands, stand therefore, holding forth the word of life. Philippians 23:16. Holding forth the word of life in every situation, in every circumstance, tests and trials. Hold forth the word of life. For me to live as Christ, to die is gain. That's a Christ centered life. Amen. Let's stand. God bless you. I went a little over time. Forgive me for that, brother Paul. I'll give you 15 minutes more. Take it gladly. Cuz many times he stopped and I said, "Oh, not yet. Follow the Lord. Follow the Lord." Who's your absolute? Who's our absolute? Amen. I believe that that little bride will come in such union with that. She's not trying to she don't have any business trying to declare herself. She's following the Lord. Do what he said do regardless of what others think. Take him at his word. Amen. Don't let nothing come between you and his word. Don't let nobody nobody nothing I don't care how dear they are. Don't you let it come between you and the word. Amen. For the bride, he told us, what do we what are we in in in a marriage reflects this? What is the bride? What she do? Lays her veil on his shoulders. Gives up everything she has and submits herself to her husband. Amen. regardless of whether I understand what he's doing or don't understand it, I'm submitted to him. And see, a marriage should be the same way because when we if we submit ourselves in everything, regardless if you don't think it's right or wrong, you may say, "Well, that's just absolutely unreasonable for our Lord to do a thing like that." Amen. That's our humanness. Well, I don't understand what he's doing. I don't understand. No, his thoughts are higher than your thoughts. His ways are higher than your ways. But when you surrender, Brother Brandham said this. He said, "Unless," now God didn't do this. A husband might. If he should say something, cause you to do something that's not according to word, he said, "Don't you do it. But when you serve him in every way, I don't care if you're the believer or an unbeliever, you're to serve him." And that's the bride and the groom. Amen. That's the bride and the groom. [Music] That's it. Nothing comes between me and my husband. Amen. Nothing. Nothing. We are bound as one. Anything between breaks that union is not God. Amen. All right. Now, there's other things we could go on typing. I'd love to take that scripture in Ephesians and break it down spiritually. Paul said, "I speak concerning Christ and his bride." Yes. And what does a marriage do reflects that union natural marriage reflects that. What's the wife's position and what is the husband's position? Go to the scripture, find out. When I married, when I married the Lord, I put everything. We should be putting everything in his hands completely. Totally. You give up what you thought was right. You pour it off. You give it to him. If he makes a mistake, he answers it. That's right. I'm not responsible for him. He's responsible for me. [Music] I want to sing that song on Christ the solid rock I stand. Are you willing to stand there? Is he a solid rock? Yes. Is he the re is he your revelation? Amen. My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness. I dare not trust the sweetest frame, but holy lean on Jesus name. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. When darkness seemed to hide his face, I rest on his unchanging grace. In every high and stormy gale my anchor holds with. In the veil on Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. His oath, his covenant, lent his blood. That should be enough. He promised whelming flood when all around my soul gives way. He then is all my hope and stay. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. Ground is sinking sand. When now brother sister we've already heard the sound of the trumpet. Amen. And we're in the coming as rightuousness alone. Faultless to stand before the throne. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. There's another song beside Give Me the Word. We could sing that again, but there's another one. I can't think of it. Well, let's just sing that again. I Brother Alex, could you come up and lead this song? I I can't really sing it properly, but I love it. So I can sing it if somebody else sings it. Amen. I can get the tempo of it. Go ahead, brother. It's been tested. It's been tried. Search and find your satisfied. Though the story's old, the message still is true. It's been ridiculed. It's been chained. Still its powers never change. It will stand the test forever. Give me the word. Give me the word. Make it plain and clear to me. Give me the word. It's the light that I might see. Give me the word. It's my total victory over every situation. Give me the word. Oh, I don't want it watered down, sugarcoated, or profound. Give me basic truths that last the course of time. And preach it strong and preach it clear so that all the world can hear. It will change your lives forever. Give me the word. Oh, give me the word. Make it plain and clear to me. Give me the word. It's a light that I might see. Give me the word. It's my total victory over every situation. Give me the word. Oh, give me the word. Make it plain and clear to me. Give me the word. It's a light that I might see. Give me the word. It's my total victory over every situation. Give me the word. [Music] Amen. Maybe before we dismiss, we'll sing number 491, manifesting time. The voice of my beloved. Behold, he quickly comes. Sweeping over the mountains, over the hills he runs. I long to hear his voice. I long to hear him say, "Arise, my love, my fair one. Come away." It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption straw at night. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. The grapes are yours and mine. Little foxes spoil the vine, for the vineyards blossom for their harvest time. Keep your eyes on things above. Don't look at me or you see that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. Oh, it's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh, to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption draw it nigh. He's that lovely one. is coming in plain view. In the cliff of the rock, in the secret place so high, till the day breaks and the shadows flee away in that mountain place, a sweet smells coming through. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one. His coming in plain view. Oh to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption draw with nigh. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. One more time. Oh, it's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh, to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption draw at night. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you, friends. Uh we won't see you this Sunday, but we'll be praying you have a good service. And uh Lord willing, we'll see you Wednesday. God bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
