################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-12 - November 12, 2025 - Bro David Dienhart Deny The Idol of Self - David Dienhart.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-11-12
Title:    November 12, 2025 - Bro David Dienhart "Deny The Idol of Self"
Speaker:  David Dienhart
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 54m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PotpJAhqjlE
========================================

Description:
Bro David Dienhart
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I know. As I journey through the land, singing as I go, pointing souls to Calvary, to that crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from withoutin. But my Lord leads me on through him. I must win. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all past home at last ever to rejoice when in service for my Lord. Dark may be the night. But I'll cling more close to him. He will give me light. Satan snares may vex my soul. Turn my thoughts aside, but my Lord goes ahead, leads whatever be tight. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. cares I'll pass home at last ever to rejoice. And when in valleys low I look toward the mountain high. And behold my savior there leading in the fight with a tender hand outstretched toward the valley low. guiding me. I can see as I onward go. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice. When before me billows rise from the mighty deep, then the Lord directs my bark. He doth safely keep and he leads me gently on through this world below. And he's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so. And oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice. Amen. God bless you friends. Good to be with you. God bless you to our visitors. Good to have you with us. Can we go back to the KFF? Every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Every day with Jesus, I love him more and more. Jesus saves and keeps me. And he's the one I'm waiting for. Every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Sorry. Can we go to E flat? A little bit under the weather. My voice isn't very strong. E flat. &gt;&gt; I can give it a try. Every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Every day with Jesus, I love him more and more. Jesus saves and keeps me. And he's the one I'm waiting for. Every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. One more time. Oh, every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Every day with Jesus, I love him more and more. Jesus saves and keeps me. And he's the one I'm waiting for. Every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Amen. I'll say uh go back to the key of F number 214. I start with verse two. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord, and with my hands lifted up and my mouth filled with praise. With a heart of thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. living. I will bless thee, oh Lord. 276, please. I'm sorry. 277 be glorified in KF. In my life, Lord be glorified. Be glorified in my life. Lord be glorified today in your church. Lord be glorified. Be glorified in your church. Lord, be glorified today. And in everything I say and do, be glorified. Be glorified in everything I say and do. Be glorified today. in my heart. Lord be glorified. Be glorified in my heart. Lord be glorified today in my life. Oh in my life Lord be glorified. be glorified in my life. Lord, be glorified today. Amen. We're going to go to prayer. I don't have a lot of needs written down just to remember the hallets um as they travel and um maybe just let's continue remember sister Dorcas in prayer and the Nash family not here and just many of not here tonight so let's just bow our heads gracious heavenly father Lord as we come to you at the beginning of the service Lord we just want to commit everything to our hands Lord and just pray that you have the preeminence lord and may the service be completely really about you, Lord. As we sing songs, Lord, may they come from deep within our heart to you, Lord. And may they be a sweet incense before your throne, Lord, and be pleasing to you. And as we come close to the preaching of the word, Lord, just prepare us to receive, open our hearts, Lord, soften us and help the the word that will be spoken, Lord, to take root and bring fruits in our lives, Lord, that will be pleasing to you. I pray that you bless my brother David as he speaks and just ask that you use them Lord as a vessel and these needs Lord we bring to you for the Hal's family traveling just ask that you keep them safe Lord there's uncertainties of travel air travel Lord just pray that you have your way Lord make everything work out and um continue to remember Sister Dorcas Lord just asking for a healing touch and uh and just Lord give her faith to claim her healing Lord that was provision was made Lord on Calvary by you. We just thank you Lord for everything. Pray that you be with the ones that are not here tonight. Just be with them and be with us as well. Lord, we commit everything to your hands. Name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Let's go to the key of C number 137 and let's dance together as we sing this. flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. Oh, flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me as I lift my hands to worship and to magnify thy name. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Oh flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me as I lift my hands to worship and to magnify thy name. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. One last time. Flow through me. Holy Spirit. Flow through me. Flow through me. Holy Spirit. flow through me as I lift my hands to worship and to magnify thy name. Flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. Amen. And as brother David comes, let's sing number 680. We'll just sing the chorus. Be possible to lower it a little bit. I don't think I can. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all. Oh, I sder all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed savior, I surrender all. One more time. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee my blessed savior. Amen. Surrender all. Verse four. Let's sing verse four there. All to Jesus. I surrender all in myself to thee with thy love and power. Let thy blessing fall on granted, Lord. Amen. All I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all. How many is willing to surrender all? Amen. All means all. If you are surrendering to someone or an army surrenders to another army, they lay their weapons down and they they lay themselves down and they give over to that enemy. They just surrender all. They they let go. I thought that was very appropriate for what's on my heart tonight. Brother, God bless you. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Amen. It's definitely what we need to do is surrender. It takes a surrender. You know, the world doesn't want to surrender. You know what the world does? It surrenders to its own self. but surrendering to themselves not getting them anywhere &gt;&gt; because there's only one thing that'll that'll give you eternal life that'll bring you out of this mess that we're in and take you home and that's Christ himself only. That's all there is to it. There's nobody else can do that. It's only Christ. There's only one way out and that's through Christ. When you say I surrender all, we're singing that song to him. Then you surrender all. That means that means who are you surrendering to? You're surrendering to the creator of heavens and earth. You're surrendering to the one that brought you into this life. You're surrendering yourself to the word because he is the word. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. So anything that would add to or take away from that word is going to pervert that word. And that's what that's what a lot of Christianity has done today. So-called Christianity because to be born again is to truly be a Christian is have Christ living in you. And that takes a surrendered life. That takes a submission, a surrender to him, the word. So let's bow our heads in prayer before we go to the word. Our heavenly father, how we love you and how great thou art to be so mindful of us once again to bring us together, Lord, once again to have this freedom that we have to be assembled together, knowing it's not very many, but you said where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst. So Lord, you're here. You're here to set free. You're here to deliver. You're here to heal. You're here to do all that you promised to do and said you would do. You're here to do it. All we have to do is accept it. You say, "How can we be set free? How can I give my heart and life to the one that brought me here? How can I submit myself to him?" That's just receive what he did for you. He paid the penalty of your sin. You say, "Well, what is sin?" Sin is unbelief. Lord, something that they left the promise. They they rejected the promise in the beginning. And that thrilled the whole human race into unbelief. But Lord, you made a way out of that by giving by coming down yourself, Lord, in the fullness of the Godhead bodily in one man, Jesus Christ. and through that shed blood brought life to those that would receive you. Not only brought salvation but healing, brought peace. And Lord, you did that because you desired and wanted and would and have accomplished the redemption of your own people, your own elect, your children. Lord, you come for your children to redeem them back to where they where they came from. And so we're thankful that we have an absolute. The absolute isn't ourselves. The absolute isn't our feelings. The absolute is the word. And we thank you for giving us your word. That word you've gave us is eternal. It cannot fail. It cannot fall. And you cannot lie. And so Lord, you've kept your word. You've always kept your word. You can't change your mind. You what you expressed into a word is forever settled. And so, Father, we give you praise as we open the word now and bring this tonight. We ask you to touch lives. We ask you to deliver lives. And Lord, may you fulfill your purpose in bringing forth the context of this message. I know that in myself, I can do nothing. I'm expecting you to speak through me. And for your glory and honor, I ask this in Jesus Christ's name who is now present. And asking in the name of the one that's here veiled behind skin. Lord, in believers, in Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. While you're standing, I'd like you to turn with me to the book of Luke, the 9inth chapter. And I have some scriptures here. My my title that I'd like to have or take tonight is deny or other words, I would say crucify. But deny the idol of self or I could say denying the idol of self and it takes vigilance. So we want to and don't my my subject is don't let self become an idol that you bow down to because an idol an idol is just an object. But an idol and I'll go into what an idol is here in just a moment. But in Luke 9:23, "And he said to them all," and we're speaking to us tonight. "And he said to them all, if any man will come after me, let him deny himself, take up his cross daily and follow me." And then I'd like you to turn with me to the book of First John. 1 John the 5th chapter and the 21st verse and then we'll go to another scripture and then I can have you be seated. St. John 5:21. Little children. Are there any children here? I'm not talking about children being little. I'm talking about children of God. &gt;&gt; We're all little. He's the great one. We're all his. We are his children. He that believeth what he's done and believe what he's given you and can receive it are the children of God. Amen. God has children. You didn't know that, did you? God has seed. Amen. And he said and he said to those seed, he said, "All that the father," this is what Jesus said, "All that the father that was dwelling in him, God was manifested in flesh in him." And he said, "All that the Father hath given me will come to me, and I can lose none of them." So if you're one of them, you can't be lost. All it needs is for you to hear the truth, for you to hear what God did for you, and accept it, believe it with all of your heart, and follow what he said do, and he'll do the rest. Amen. So it's a committal to him. There's no other greater power than a total complete committal to God, to his word. There's only two powers in the earth today. That's the power of God and the power of Satan. There's two powers. And and every person, everything is controlled by one of those powers. Amen. So, we're not looking. And Satan isn't a man isn't a person with big horns and a forkid tail. No, he comes right down in a two-piece, three-piece suit. Amen. He's a deceiver. He deceived the first one in the beginning because he got them away from the word. And if he can get you away from the word, because see, in the beginning was the word. Amen. Everything. That's the original. Jesus said, "I am the way and I am the truth and I am life." Before we get too far, let's let's read the next. So in 5:21, 1 John 5:21, little children, keep yourselves from idols. Amen. How many would say amen? &gt;&gt; And I'd like you to turn to First Corinthians. Keep yourselves from idols. Now, we know that in the Bible, it speaks of many that were idol worshippers, but we'll go on a little deeper than that. It's not a stone we have laid up here or some something here that we're But an idol can be anything. Amen. Amen. So, first Corinthians 10 and verse we'll start with verse 12. Wherefore let him that thinkketh he standeth take heed lest he fall. There hath no temptation. That word temptation is a testing, a trial. There hath no temptation taken you. But such is common to man. But God is faithful who will not suffer you to be tempted above that you are able. But with but will with the temptation also make a way to escape. So other words, you're tempted. He's right there for the believer. You're going to be tried. You're going to be tested. But he's right there to make a way out. And he's made a way out. He's given us his word that can never fail. The Bible Jesus said, "Heavens and earth will pass away, but my words shall never pass away." Heaven and earth will. We're almost coming to a climax. We've already come to the end. How much longer? I don't know. But everything that Jesus said would happen is being happening. Earthquakes in diverse places, moons, stars, men's hearts failing for fear, volcanoes, everything is in a disruption. Why? Because it's at the end. &gt;&gt; But at the end, we were promised to have a message. And that message is the word of God that's come to us. Amen. in this hour and in this day through a means that he said he would come by and that's he would send his word through a prophet. Amen. And so God's word always comes to prophets. Amen. God Satan has the perversion of that. Satan has the opposite of that. See, he tries to pervert, add to, and take from God's word and do anything he can to hybrid it. There's a lot of hybriding today, isn't there? You see, but but this word can be hybrid. It's perfect. It's flawless. And you can't add to it and take away. It's perfect in itself. Amen. So, let's read here further and I'll have Wherefore, my dearly beloved, he's made a way. He'll make a way out. He said, "Wherefore, my dearly beloved, flee from idolatry. You may be seated." God bless you. So, let us flee. It didn't say just sit and just let it go by. Just flee idolatry. Amen. Idolatry before we read any further scriptures, idolatry is don't let he said now if you want deity now deity there's only one one deity that's God himself deity. If you want deity in your midst, then welcome and receive the word. Don't let anyone or anything get between you and that word. Amen. Don't let anyone or anything get between you and that word. Always take him first. Keep fortified for he is your fortress. Amen. Amen. So don't let anything &gt;&gt; get between you and that word. Now our nation, our nation is greatly covered over with idolatry. Why? Because something's come between the people and the word. They're not serving the word. They're serving an idol, something else instead of the word. And it says here, but that's see now now we might not worship wooden animals and so forth because we want to think of idolatry, but that's not all idolatry consists of. We sometimes make our automobiles, our clothes, &gt;&gt; our videos, our games, our food, anything. Anything. Anything between you and God is an idol. &gt;&gt; Anything that comes between you and God is an idol. It can be yourself. And and I'm making this very clear. He said, "Deny yourself, take up your cross." What does cross mean? Death. What does the cross mean? If you deny yourself and take up your cross, you're crucifying what you think about the word. You're crucifying your own ideas, your own your own thinking about it, your own feelings over the word. Don't put any of that before you between you and the word. The word is complete. It doesn't need your ideas put to it. It doesn't need your interpretation. It does not need your opinion. You accept the word. To put anything else between you and that word, even your own feelings, &gt;&gt; even your own reasoning. Satan will try to reason with you. That's exactly how he got Eve in the beginning to fall by reasoning her against the word. Amen. So she took and she had to accept that first in her mind. There's something had to come there. She had to receive what the enemy was telling her. And you have an adversary today. Anything that's against the word is your adversary. anything that would come between you and believing that word. Just like a little child, just accept what he said, believe it and go on. Don't change it. Just stay with it. Amen. Anything that'll come between that. You can lift yourself up and think, "Well, I'll take care of this. I'm able to do this." No, you're not able to do it. If God gave you a promise and something comes in your thinking, your reasoning, your imagination, your feelings, anything contrary to that word, you put it before you and you bow to that, that's an idol. You need to get rid of that right away because nothing shall come between you and the Lord. If it does, it's an idol. And that's why we must crucify daily. crucified, take up our cross, deny oursel, kill our own thinking about it, and take the word. And Jesus said, "That's the way you follow me." And that has to be done daily because we're in a battle. We're in a battle. We are fighting a great battle. And the battleground isn't out here somewhere. The battleground I'm talking about, it's right there in your mind. &gt;&gt; There's where Satan will meet you. Satan chose the mind. God chose your heart. God chose the heart for the soul for to control you. You're not, you know, you you're outward here. You think this is all it. But if you take, you're a spirit being. I'm I'm I'm looking at you. I don't really see you. I see what's outside, but I don't see what's inside. What's the inside is what I'm talking to. That's what talks back to me. You're a spirit being. But inside that spirit, you were first a soul. And that soul had to come either from God as a seed of God or didn't. And that when you hear the word of God for your hour. It's like it's like the little illustration. You probably some may never heard this, but it's like the old farmer that put an eagle egg under a hen. Found the eagle egg. He put it under the hen. Well, the hen would set on that eagle egg. And because of the atmosphere of the hen's heat, the little eagle the egg hatched. But he was a strange looking bird because he wasn't a chicken. He was an eagle and he was that to begin with. And he couldn't stomach what was around him. He couldn't he didn't know what the clucking meant me meant. He didn't speak their language. He was different. What made him different because he was an eagle to begin with. He was caught up under the chicken yard, under the under the hen. But one day, the old mother eagle, she started looking for that young one that she knew she laid that egg. And she began to fly over and she saw him down there in that chicken yard. And she screamed to him and he looked up because that scream was something that responded within him because that was the scream of an eagle and he was an eagle to begin with. And that's exactly the way it is today. That little eagle heard the word of an eagle and he knew that's where he come from. &gt;&gt; And so he responded. There's many that won't respond. You know, God likened us to sheep. You know, a sheep can't defend itself. You know, a sheep is totally helpless. Do you know a sheep has to have a guide? It needs a shepherd. &gt;&gt; And we all like sheep have gone astray. Amen. Isn't that right? What the scripture said? Because when we when when the fall was in the beginning, it threw the whole human race into death. Because that that that took place was not an original way of God bringing forth children. Amen. Because Eve was only committed to Adam. Eve came out of Adam. God took her out of Adam. She was a part of Adam. But then she talked to the beast. And the beast was an upright being. I mean the serpent. The serpent was not a snake. The serpent was upright. He could talk. He communicated with Eve. And he said, and he got her to when the when the promise was God gave him one thing to keep. Don't eat of that tree of knowledge. But she was seeking for knowledge. Amen. She wanted to know why God would not allow her to eat of that tree. She wanted to know. So, Satan gave her a reason why. And when he did that, she he said, "You know, you were made for that purpose. You're a fruit bearer." That's right. &gt;&gt; And and and and God's trying to hide something from you. She wasn't able to wait. She wasn't willing to wait until God fulfilled the scripture. But she brought forth by by her receiving. First, she had to receive in her mind what Satan was telling her because God gave him a promise. You will not eat. If you eat of that tree, you shall die. Well, it wasn't a literal tree. That wasn't an apple. It wasn't a pear. It wasn't an apricot. It was life she received seed. She received the reasoning. Satan anointed that serpent. And that serpent could cohabitate with Eve. And because of that, she brought forth a son, but it wasn't Adam's son. She turned around and gave to Adam. And Adam, knowing what would happen if he took what God said don't do, he would throw the whole human race and everything else because he controlled nature. He controlled the earth. He was given possession of it. And when he did that, he throw the whole human race into death. Now, I'm just going to follow the Holy Spirit here tonight. I know many of you understand that there's others that don't. And I'm just going to follow what the Lord wants me to do, what he wants me to say. And when she when he did that, it threw everything underneath him into death. And death entered the human race right there. There was no death prior to that. But God in God instead of laying it lay like that, he provided right there something to clothe them with. They tried to clothe themselves through their own knowledge because they were they because I'm going to say this because they were naked and didn't even know it until that took place. Then they realized they were naked and began to want to cover up their shame. God said, "Who told you you were naked? Have you partaken of that tree?" And now now now today we see nakedness everywhere &gt;&gt; and they don't know it again. &gt;&gt; That's right. What what blind what kept them hid from it to begin with? It was stripped away and now they're hid by their own lustful desires. See? See now now and God said, "But I'm going to have I have a remedy. I'm going to provide a lamb." And that's exactly what Abel brought with Cain. They built an altar. They wanted to get back to God because they were put out of the garden. Amen. They wanted to find favor with God. And so in order to find favor, they built themselves an altar or a church and come to worship. And when they came to worship, then then Abel brought a different sacrifice than Cain. Cain brought the fruits of the field, something beautiful. He made his altar beautiful. He went to great effort. to work those works. He went to a great effort to bring about the sweat of his brow to bring a beautified church. Everywhere you see now, you have beauty everywhere. But that beauty was not received. God did not accept Cain's sacrifice. He he tried to find favor with God through his own effort. But Ca but Abel because Abel was a different seed. You remember they were brothers but they were half brothers. &gt;&gt; Eve because she was named Eve before she her name was Eve she was the mother of all live I mean excuse me she before her name was Eve she was Mrs. Adam. &gt;&gt; Amen. But after the fall Adam said your name shall be Eve which means the mother of all living. &gt;&gt; Amen. You know, you know, it's kind of interesting. If you think apple made the made him see they're naked, we ought to pass the apples. Don't you think? You see, it didn't make them see it. What made them see it was that they aired in not believing what God said. That's why God hates idolatry. That's why God hates fornication. And he said, "They that commit those things will not see the kingdom of God." That's that's the earthly that's the that's the that's the humanness. That's the that is sin. Sin is not smoking and drinking and all these things. Sin is simply not believing what God made the way for you, the word of God. That's sin. And the wages of sin is death. So every man because of that fall is born now in sin, shaping iniquity, come in the world speaking lies. And I don't say man being a man. And I'm talking about men and women, humanity. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's right. They're born in sin, shaped in naked, but the gift of God, which is what we're going to we're providing here that he provided at Calvary because he took all my sin. He took it upon himself. See, because of that fall, nobody could redeem another person. There was nobody that could do that. &gt;&gt; Nobody could do that. There was no man. There's no man. Every one of us were born in sin. Who could who could die for another and and and give them eternal life? Nobody. They fell from it, didn't they? But there but there's had to be a remedy somewhere. And God himself created himself in the womb of a woman called Mary. Mary had no sexual intercourse with with Joseph. Before she even came to Joseph and knew Joseph, she was found with child of the Holy Spirit. That's God himself. And God created that blood cell. God created himself. And why you say did he have to come through a woman? Because the fall came through a woman. She received the wrong seed in order to correct that. God had to come through a woman now to redeem back which was lost. He won't let his children lay lost. They have to he has to do something. So God himself stepped down. &gt;&gt; That was the perfect sacrifice. That was the perfect lamb that Abel by revelation God revealed to him what the sacrifice would be. And he dragged a lamb and he cut the lamb's throat and the lamb was bleeding dying. And that exactly was what God accepted. He said he accepted Abel's sacrifice, but he denied Cain, but gave Cain an opportunity to do what was right by accepting Abel's sacrifice and doing likewise, but he denied it. Why? Because his father wasn't Adam. Adam was a son of God. Adam came directly from God. He was a son of the serpent. And that serpent wasn't a human, but it was so close to a human that it could cohabitate or that seed, that germ would unite with a woman's seed. But you'll never have that happen today because what happened to that serpent? That be that serpent wasn't a snake. As I said, it was a beast. It was upright. It was just like a man. It was a big fellow. Amen. He was a beautiful person. He talked very intellectually. He talked to Eve. Here, I'll give you a reason why. Because God knows if you partake of that, why? You won't die. God said, "Well, God said we would, but oh, surely you won't." See, right there, he left the word and they did. So, you've got to remember God will keep his word. &gt;&gt; That's why we don't just throw the book around. It's just not a book to read. It's not history book. It's a book of life. There's a thought behind these words. And God put that thought and hid it in it in scripture. and those that have an ear to hear. He said, "My sheep will hear my voice, and his voice is his word." &gt;&gt; You're not sitting here by chance. God provided everything for you to be right here tonight. Nothing happens by chance with God. Nothing happens by chance with a Christian because all things work together for good to them that love God, to them that are the called according to his purpose. Amen. &gt;&gt; So nothing can happen by chance. He provided your coming here. He provided before the world began. You have no choice of your parents. You had no choice how you'd come here. You have no choice. But here you are tonight. And I say, "Who was it that brought you here? You think I did?" No, you didn't. Because Satan would have not wanted you to come here tonight to hear the truth. So God brought you here. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Whether you realize it or not, God put something down in your heart that you were hungry. You don't even realize you were hungering. They that hunger and thirst for righteousness shall be filled. &gt;&gt; Now, I'm coming to my message here. I don't have much. I'll be I'll be I won't take a long time here, but you got to realize that there was two different seeds. And Eve was the mother of both of them, &gt;&gt; but Adam was not the father of both. That Cain that we know of was not Adam's son. No place in the Bible does it say Cain was Adam's son. The Bible said Cain was of that evil one. &gt;&gt; And he and his and his father was a murderer from the beginning. And he's a thief. And he comes to destroy and to steal what God's trying to give to you, life. Amen. See, there has to be original of anything. You cannot have a a bogus dollar or a or a or a counterfeit without it coming off of original. &gt;&gt; There has to be an original. You can't have wrong unless there's right. You can't have error unless there's truth. &gt;&gt; There has to be that first. &gt;&gt; You see, Satan is a perverter. He He And there's a there's something he cannot defeat, and that's the word of God. And when you receive the word of God, when you receive it, God told us how to receive it. He said, "I give you a gift that I give to you. You don't work for it. You don't have to do anything to receive it. It's given to you freely. &gt;&gt; He gives it to you. It's just whether you want to accept it or not. He died for you. He shed his blood. That blood was perfect blood. That blood was not a man's blood. It didn't come by sexual intercourse. It came by a divine spoken word creation of God himself. He put it in in Mary. Mary had no affair with Joseph. It wasn't Joseph's seed. See, the Bible said, "Unto us a son is given a virgin." Way back in Isaiah, a prophet said, "A virgin shall conceive and bear a son, and his name will be called Emanuel," which means God with us. Amen. It was God with us. God himself stepped down. No one else could take that place. So God himself, because of the love that he had for you, stepped down and took your sin upon his body, took it and laid it upon the head of the devil and took every bit of judgment that you should have had. See, because you were you were you comeded in sin. You were you were you you're already jailed. You when when you were born, you were defeated. You come to this earth defeated. And you've been wondering where your identity is. If you're wondering where your identity is, he's telling you tonight where is your identity. Your identity is in Christ. &gt;&gt; He's given you the word. He's giving you his eternal word. His word cannot fail. You can put you can rest on it. You can trust it. And so don't try to project yourself into it. Because when you do when you reject inject yourself without unless you crucify and lay yourself down and follow that word, you've put yourself as an idol &gt;&gt; before you and God before God. He's given us reasoning. Nothing's wrong with reasoning, imagination, memory, conscience, see, taste, feel, smell, hear, not a thing. Unless they disagree with the word. &gt;&gt; And if they disagree with the word, then here's what you need to do. faith. Faith which is God's faith. Bible said we don't we don't receive God by works. There's nothing you can do to merit God's favor. &gt;&gt; The Bible said for by grace which is God's enablement to you giving you the ability to receive from him. Grace saved you. For by grace are you saved through faith. And that's not of yourselves. It is the gift of God. God's given you a gift. You say, "What do I have to do to get it?" Accept it. receive it. Why would you reject? How could you reject something that's eternal? See, you can't. It would be you'd be you you wouldn't have a right mind. That's what Cain Cain did not accept it because he couldn't. But he offered to it. It was offered to him. He made the decision not to. And we sat with the word realizing what God's done for us. God did it for us. God sent that. And when that that when that blood was left that body and the judgment that we should have stood, we were we were doomed to die. But something took our place &gt;&gt; and wrote across his word, pardoned, &gt;&gt; pardoned David. Pardon him. Why? Because I realized I was a sinner. I accepted what he did for me and I repented and turned around. I was going one way, the wrong way, and now I'm going the right way. I turned around. I repented. I said, "Lord, I've lost. I was wrong. I have sinned. Forgive me. And he that he that will he that will come to me, I will no wise cast out." &gt;&gt; Amen. He's forgiven us all of our sin, healed our sicknesses. Everything we have need of has already been provided &gt;&gt; already. Just think of that. everything you need &gt;&gt; because you are a person on the inside. You're not a Everybody wants to judge by the outside. You if you try to judge yourself when the word says a certain thing and you say, "Well, I can take care of this. I do this." No, you've got to accept the word. You've got to accept the truth, not lift yourself up. Y when you put yourself up there between you and that word and take what you think, take what you feel, take what you reason, that's contrary to the word and contrary to what God said, then you've placed an idol between you and God. &gt;&gt; Flee idolatry, little children, &gt;&gt; flee it. Leave it alone. God's given you everything you need to bring forth that goal that he put inside of you, his own life. Amen. Amen. So, so you you when faith when God's faith God's faith will take its rest place on his eternal unmovable word. That's where faith takes its rest in the immovable eternal word of God. And when the five senses of the body or spirit disagree, see there's five senses of the body. See, taste, feel, smell, and hear. Your spirit being in there which has imagination, reasoning, memory, conscience, and affection. Right? &gt;&gt; That's your spirit man &gt;&gt; controls that spirit man. But inside of that is a soul. And that soul either came from God or it isn't of God. &gt;&gt; If it isn't of God, you'll never receive the word of God. If it is of God, you'll accept my sheep will hear my voice. Any man's voice is his word. You had to think it to say it. Anytime you speak a word, you have to think it first and say it. &gt;&gt; That's what God did. In the beginning was the word. There was a thought behind that. And the word was God and the word was with God and the word was God. &gt;&gt; And then the word became flesh and dwelt among us in Jesus Christ. And because of acceptance of that life, that life can come in you and live its life through you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that makes you an oddball to the world. But I have life. You have life. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I don't There's none. Everything we see around us is temporal. We don't live by what we see. We live by what we believe. Amen. All right. So when when these five senses come up and disagree with faith, they disagree with the word of God, then leave the five senses alone. When Jesus make when he speaks his word and makes you a promise, that inside man says that's true. The outside man, which is your enemy, your adversary, that's the outside man. You want to know the biggest enemy you've got? &gt;&gt; Is you. &gt;&gt; This outer man, this carnal man right here is the biggest enemy I've got. It'll contrary everything I want to do because this man has not been born again. What's in my soul has been born again &gt;&gt; and I have the life of God in me. That's why I cannot deny this word. I believe the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. See the Bible said Jesus said you must be born again. It's not enter into your womb mother's womb the sec first second time. No, it's a spiritual birth. He that's born of spirit is spirit. He that's born of the flesh is flesh. Amen. This flesh is passing away. You know it. You're getting older. I'm getting older. It will be no many too many turns the sun and I'll leave. Amen. &gt;&gt; But that inside of me, that inside of the inside is eternal. And the Bible said if I body, if this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, I have one waiting for me. Amen. And you say, "Well, where is your mother and father?" My mother and father in bodies that are young, brand new. You said, "How do you know that?" Because we had one to go beyond the curtain of time according to the word. Amen. And tell us exactly what the scripture said. It went right with the scripture. &gt;&gt; There was a body waiting. There's a young body waiting that never gets old again. Never will. But in order to make that, you have to accept what Jesus did for you. &gt;&gt; And by acceptance of that, amen. &gt;&gt; Then you can be received. You receive his life. How can you die? You say, "Well, I'll die." You die here, but that can't, but you can't die. He that liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Jesus said, "He that believeth in me shall never shall never die." Amen. He that has me, how can you die when you have the eternal one and you being born again are born of that word? &gt;&gt; You can't die. You see what the people have done? They've left the word. When you leave the word, you leave him. Amen. Because he's the word. To put anything between you and that word. You put something else that you'll bow to. You've left the word. And you had in order to believe the devil's lie, you have to reject the truth first. In order to believe his lie, you have to deny the word first. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's lay down ourselves. The Bible said, the Bible said this in Proverbs 3:5. It said, "Trust in the Lord with all thine heart, &gt;&gt; and lean not to your own understanding, &gt;&gt; but in all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct your path." &gt;&gt; Amen. Would you what you want? You can't figure out your path. You have to be led. &gt;&gt; A sheep goes astray, it's gone. He can't It can't defend itself. A horse can kick. A bird can fly. A sheep lays helpless. &gt;&gt; Why? Why did he make us that way? Because we were made to depend entirely upon God. &gt;&gt; If you depend upon yourself, it's going to lead you in the wrong direction. Depend upon education, it will never set you free. &gt;&gt; There's only one thing that can set you free and that's Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, anything that comes between you and God as an idol, sometime we make our churches idols. We should never do that. God is the only one we should worship. And it's not just in church. Going to church will never save you. &gt;&gt; You can go to church every day of your life and be lost. It's the acceptance of his life. He poured out his blood. That blood was perfect blood and it's loosed you from sin. It set you free. You say, "But what do I have to do?" Nothing. You just have to receive it, believe it, and accept it and do what he said. Just obey his command. He'll take care of the rest of it. &gt;&gt; He's provided it all. Amen. You already were his. Before the world began, you were his. You always were a son of God. Just like the eagle always was an eagle. And when he come in contact with the word, what'd it do? Something inside of that person leaped to life and said, "I've never heard it that way. I believe that." Amen. So, let's let's just go a little bit further here. Philippians 2:13 said, "For it is God which workketh in you." For it is God which workketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure. So why would we look to our feelings and our senses? Let's lay down that idol. Let's not lift that idol up. See? Amen. Because we because that's just an idol. See, we better destroy your enemy. You better destroy your enemy. You say, "Where's my enemy?" Like I said, the greatest enemy you've got right here. We need a place of yielding to the spirit. And a man never knows what it is to live a victorious life until he's completely overcome who himself. That's the biggest enemy. Another place said the greatest enemy. I'm reading from a prophet of the word here. You believe that? All right. All right. That's the biggest enemy you've got is yourself. Now, I'm not You say, "Why do you trust that?" Because the Bible said God would do nothing, but he would reveal himself first. If he's going to do anything, he reveals himself first to his prophets. The word of the Lord comes to his prophets. All the way through the Bible, they spoke God's word. Those that rejected lost. Those that accepted it received life. All right? So the biggest enemy you've got is yourself. That's the reason you can't rise in faith because you got intellectuals there. Your intellectual part says, "Well, this or that." It's reasoning. As I said, if the if the God makes you a promise and the inside man says, "That's the truth." And the outside man but said, "But that's not the truth to you." And here's the reason why. What are you going to do? You let go of the outer man &gt;&gt; and take you deny the outer man. You take that inside man. Trust in the Lord with all thine heart and lean don't lean to your own understanding. As soon as you lean to your own understanding, you raised up an idol between God and yourself. &gt;&gt; Amen. All right, Mary. When the word came to Mary and said, "Well, how will this be? You're going to have a son, Mary." Here's an angel of God speaking there with the word of God and told Mary, "You're going to have a son." And Mary said, 'How can this be knowing no man? Because that's never happened before. How can me, a virgin, have a child without a man? He said, "The Holy Ghost will overshadow you." And that holy one to be born in you will be of the Holy Ghost himself. Amen. So as I say, Jesus blood was perfect blood and his blood is the only thing that can loose you. It's not that we have the the actual blood in our hands here or here before us, but it's that faith in that shed blood that brings that blood, that life that's in that blood to an effectiveness to you. It transforms you because you've accepted him. Amen. He that receiveth me, I will in no wise cast out. He that asks forgiveness, I will forgive him. Amen. I'm I'm just forgive him of his sins. See? So, it's just your decision. All right. Now, so that's that's an idol. So, I say we better destroy our enemy before your enemy destroys you. &gt;&gt; Amen. You destroy him. And as I said, you can't believe the devil's lie until you have disbelieved God's truth. You have to accept it. Eve had to accept what Satan was telling her through that serpent. She had to accept it in her mind before the act could be taken and done. She had to receive it there. She had to deny the word of God. Take what he said. And you can see what happened. It brought death. So there's only one thing that can bring life. Reverse the crime. He had to come back through a woman. Jesus did. But that was not by sexual birth. That was by the word, spoken word as it was should have came in the beginning and he brought it back under the word. And now where's our absolute? It's the word. That's why the Christians today, a real Christian is an oddball to anyone else. That's why they dress different. Because why? Because they're living according to what God said for them to do. You see, it's a victorious life. It's a beautiful life. You don't really have joy until you know the Lord. You don't have know what peace is until you know him. You say, "I got peace." Without the Lord, you have no peace. Amen. Without him, you have no joy because you you say, "I got joy. I got happiness." But it's only temporal. But we're not talking about temporal things. We're talking about eternal. Those things that are seen are temporary. They're temporal. The things that are not seen are eternal. And there's only one eternal, and that's God himself. Amen. So, so if we go over here to first first Peter, if you'd like to turn me over to First Peter, First Peter and um like Chapter 5. And let's begin reading with the fifth verse. Likewise, you younger, submit yourselves unto the elder, and you and all of you be subject one to another, and be clothed, this is what I'm driving at, be clothed with humility, for God resisteth the proud, and giveth grace to the humble. Humble yourselves, therefore, under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time, casting all your care upon him, for he carth for you. Be sober, be vigilant. There's the word I want to use. Be sober. Be vigilant. Be on guard. Be aware. See, because because your adversary, your enemy. Now, you say, "Well, that enemy is Satan." Yet, the enemy the greatest enemy you've got is right here. Satan will try to use your senses to get you to try to disbelieve God's word. Don't you disbelieve God's word. God's word is flawless. As I said, it doesn't need your opinion. It doesn't need a second opinion about it. What he said is truth. All truth. Absolute truth. And it is impossible for it to not happen. You believe it. It's got to happen. You put it under faith and put it in faith. That faith has got must bring that word that he promised to pass because that was God's way of doing it. Believe and you shall receive it. Believe you receive it and you shall have it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Is that right? Ask whateversoever you desire when you pray. Believe you receive it whether you feel anything or not. Mary said when that angel said you're going to have that child, she didn't stop and think, "Now wait a minute. Now wait a minute. That never happened. That's impossible for that to happen." She didn't question it. Before she felt anything, she said, "Be it unto me according to thy word." And you know the rest of the story. She brought forth that son and that was Emmanuel. That was God with us. That was God himself formed himself in a body. He created the egg. That wasn't Mary's egg. And he created and he created the germ. That was not Joseph. That was God himself. What did he come to the earth to do? Shed his blood. take the judgment that you should have taken yourself. Amen. You were bound for one thing, to die, but he took your place. And because he took your place and pardoned you, you're free. Absolutely free. He who the son sets free is free indeed. And if perfect blood has loosed you, there's nothing to be condemned for. There's no judgment. He took all of your judgment in himself. &gt;&gt; There's you don't have to stand before a white throne judgment now to be judged. You you are already judged. The word of God, your name was written in that book. You were able to hear and receive the word of God and and hear and receive it now. And that word's become your absolute. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, anything that stands between you and God is the idol. It takes it takes the place of God. What's that idol do? It takes the place of God. Why call me Lord, Lord, and do not the things that I command or say for you to do? See, everything teaches you away from the word. Education, science, theology, they're all of the devil. They will be destroyed and they'll come to nothing. There's only one thing that's going to stand. That's the word of God. And if that word be in you, then heavens and earth will pass away. But you cannot pass away. You say, "Well, what if this body goes to it's got to go to dust, but there's a soul in there that can't die. You'll enter another body." The Bible said, "All that the father has given me will come. No man can come except my father as he's doing now draws you except my father draws him. You can't come. You've got to come through one way. There's only one way provided by God for life. You must come by the way of the door. And Jesus Christ is the door to that sheepfold. You enter into that, you found refuge. You found protection and a mighty tower. and the righteous run into it and are safe. There's no other door. &gt;&gt; Amen. There is no other door. That's why the devil hates the word. That's why Jesus defeated him out there in that desert. He said, "Why? You're God. If you be the son of God, you're hungry. Create these." He said, "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God." He went back. He came back with the word and said, "It's written and Satan had to depart." If Eve would have done that to begin with, there would have been no death. If she'd said, "No, God said God said, "I'm going to stay right there." No matter how much he tried to pound, he No, God said it. She stood right there. She didn't bring herself up as an idol. Are you with me tonight? Do you understand what we're saying? I'm I'm mixing two things a little bit, but God has a purpose in that. You understand? The main thing is don't lift don't raise yourself up and place yourself between you and God. &gt;&gt; He started the work, he'll finish the work. &gt;&gt; He that began the work will finish it. He that called you, faithful is he that called you, who also he will do it. You don't do anything to earn salvation. There's nothing you can do because it's already provided for you. Amen. All right. Amen. So we see here then be sober, be vigilant because your adversary the devil is a roaring lion. Walketh about seeking whom he may devour. Whom steadfast who resists. Resist him. Resist means to turn him down. Resist him. steadfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflictions that are accomplished in your brethren that are that those same afflictions in them are in you that are in the world in them. But the but the God of all grace who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Jesus Christ after you have suffered a while make you perfect, establish, strengthen, and settle you. All right. Jesus himself learned obedience through what? Through the things he suffered. There's going to be suffering, but God's with you. When things raise up, things that you don't understand. There's many things I've gone through and things right now I don't understand. But I put it in God's hands. &gt;&gt; And when they're in his hands, he said, "I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. I will fulfill. You will know. You will hear. You will receive when you need to receive. So let God do his work. All you need to do is believe what he said and stand right there. &gt;&gt; And there's no way you hold that word. Satan has no ability to defeat you. Amen. All right. Remember, it's God which workketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure. 2 Corinthians 3. I'm I'm sorry. 2 Corinthians 10:3 for through but though for though we walk in the flesh we do not war after the flesh for the weapons of our warfare are not fleshly are not carnal. So we don't war. We do not war. We are in a battle. Though we're in the flesh, we don't war after it. So lay down your thinking. Lay down your reasoning. Your warfare, your your It says right here, for the weapons of our warfare are not carnal. That's human. That's carnal. That's fleshly. But mighty. What is it? What is your What is the weapons of your warfare? But mighty through the word, God is the word, but mighty through the through God to the pulling down of strongholds. You see, you got to realize you didn't come from little single something, little single cell, little this. No, no. God placed you here. God knows, Satan knows that, right? Well, because he himself was created by God to be used as an instrument so that God's attributes of himself as a savior, as a healer, as a deliverer, etc., etc., etc., right down the line could be known. God will not lose his own. He's a provided a way out of this chaos. All you see around you is insanity. It's chaos and you know as well as I do. How do you get out of it? There's only one way. Jesus said, "I am the way." &gt;&gt; Amen. Remember, if there's all the chaos, there had to be something that wasn't chaos to begin with. &gt;&gt; There's always a counterfeit to an original. There's one thing Satan can't do. He cannot create. He can only pervert. &gt;&gt; There's only one creator. That's God. There's only one eternal. That's God. Someday Satan will be nothing. He will be annihilated. See, you and I couldn't annihilate anything, but God can annihilate it and do away with it. You see, so nothing ought to cater. We're not here by chance. We didn't come into this hour by chance. We didn't come into this age by chance. And God has a word for us in this time. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. And it's the way of truth. And it's a way of life. And it and it's deliverance and it's salvation. It's redemption. It's your freedom. Absolutely free. You say, "Well, I'm free. I'm not bound to anybody." Yes, you are. You're bound to yourself. There's someone leading you. It's either God or this devil leading you. And God is the word. You've got to be led by something. You are likened to a sheep. You can't lead yourself. Amen. Amen. That's the truth. See, we could go a long ways on that. I could just keep preaching all night on this, but I I can't do it. I'm ready to close now. Galatians 2:20 said, "For it is God, for I mean that we are crucified with Christ." When Christ was crucified, his children were crucified with him. They were in him. The sin question is finished. There's no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. Amen. No condemnation. No judgment. &gt;&gt; You pass from it. For the spirit for the law God's laws operate. God's natural laws operate. But there's a law of the spirit. There's a law of faith. And the law of the spirit hath made you free &gt;&gt; from the law of sin and death. Amen. You have an outer man that's against you because that outer man's got to die. But there's an inner man that can't die, that will hold steady to that word. That's that little eagle in there. That's why you either hear the word of God or you will reject the word of God. See, right here tonight, every one of us are brought to decision. either settle it right now that this word is your absolute and I'm going to live for him or go the other way. You have a choice. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But remember this, God in his own infinite knowing said, "I will predestinate and elect my bride and they will choose me because I knew that they would do so before the foundation of the world. And because of that, I chose them." There you are. The Bible said he who chose me. I didn't choose him to begin with. He chose me because he knew that I would meet him at the word. 12 years old. I sat in the seats just like you. Heard the word preached of my own salvation. And I was convicted over that. Conviction's good because you realize you've done wrong and you need a sal you need a savior. There's only one deliverance. You can go on in your life and go on have probably be blessed. Have this and that have that and have this and all of it will be nothing because there's nothing you can take with you. Amen. But one thing, life. &gt;&gt; Amen. You never brought anything into this world. Naked I came into this world and naked I will go out. There's not one thing. So what's what's meaningful? What is meaningful? It's what your soul whether you're going to be you're going to receive the truth and be freed or not be free. You're going to end up at the end. One of the one of those other places you'll be condemned or be received. And you have to make the decision now. I mean now. I don't mean I trust tonight, but it doesn't mean I'm talking about now in this time and hour. You've come face to face with the truth. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's sad when a person knows the truth and then turns away from that truth knowing to do good and won't do it. It's called iniquity. But the Bible said he laid the iniquity of us all upon him, upon him. He was wounded for our transgressions. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Isaiah 53:5. He was wounded for our He was wounded for David's transgressions. You put your name in it. He was wounded for David's transgressions. Bruised for David's iniquity. The chastisement of David's peace was upon him. And with his stripes, I'm already healed. You say, "What do I must do then? Receive him." And there was a unic one day that Philip was trans translated to went to that unic. So I'm sitting reading the same thing I just quoted you and said and Enoch and and the B and the scripture the Holy Spirit said to Philillip go connect yourself with that man and he questioned him. He says who's the scripture speaking of and so and so Philip took him through the scripture said this is who he's speaking of. He said then what must I do to be saved? said,"Repent, be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, and you shall receive this gift of the Holy Ghost that I'm talking about, eternal life." And what is eternal life? It's himself. So, he comes in and lives in you and keeps you and holds you and walks with you. &gt;&gt; Amen. There was a man called Enoch in the scripture that walked with God one day and was not because he walked with God. Who are you walking with this tonight? What are you believing? Who are you walking with? You said, 'What do I do? Remember they asked Peter on the day of of Pentecost when they come, they come out of that building filled with the Holy Ghost and thought they were drunk. He said, "We're not drunk. This is only the third hour of the day. We're drunk in the Holy Spirit because God has kept his promise and we're recipients of that." and those and the and Peter just preached a little short sermon and and they said, "Well, then what must we do to be saved? What must we do? We're convicted. We're we're convinced this is right. Now, what must we do?" And Peter gave him the remedy. Excuse me. It wasn't a remedy. He gave him the cure. &gt;&gt; He gave them what God required. And 3,000 souls were brought into the kingdom of God right there. What called them? What was in them that would receive that call? That same person, that same word is right here tonight. Amen. No different. He's not changed. He can't change. He remains the same yesterday, today, and forever. Just think, you can trust something that can't change. Science changes, education changes, all those things. Satan uses every bit of that. You know that right at this time, Satan tried to give the kingdoms of the world because he won it through Eve. See, he g tried to give it to Jesus and Jesus knew he would get it, take it back, and he said, "Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God." Amen. So there you are. He will be done away with. You know who's going to possess every bit of this earth? Will be those that are his seed. &gt;&gt; Amen. His children. We own it all. &gt;&gt; The world thinks they got it. They don't got anything. &gt;&gt; They got vanity. They got something that's just a balloon that's ready to pop. Why? We could go on and on. The dollar is not worth anything. How many trillions of dollars do we owe now? The the the Federal Reserve. We borrowed it. What's How do you get out of this mess? There's only one way. Amen. And that's through Jesus Christ, our Lord. Do you love him? &gt;&gt; Okay, I'm gonna leave you just a couple things. My duty is to bear his name, not mine. Amen. Don't try to be a big something. Try to be a little something. It takes humility, humbling ourselves before God. Just let him work through you. in James. Let's just go over there because remember the Bible said, "He that humbles himself shall be exalted. He that exalts himself shall be abased, brought down." James 4. I have a lot of things I'm just bypassing now. Just going to be quitting. I'm going to close this off. James 4 and verse seven. Remember, the seed of God shall possess the gate of the enemy. There's no gate the enemy has, but what the seed of God will possess. That's all there is to it. We possess every gate of that enemy. Amen. We are possessors. A lot could be said on that. James 4:7. Submit yourselves. Submit yourselves be therefore to God. There it is right there. What do we start off with? I surrender all. Submit yourselves. That's the first thing. Submit yourselves to God. That's the word. Submit yourself to what he said. Resist the devil and he will flee from you. &gt;&gt; What do you resist him with? Your intellects? No. Your reasoning? No. Quit trying to figure out a way. Just take what God said, believe it, stand with it. No matter what happens, comes or goes, God has a perfect time to manifest that word before you and for you. All right? So, draw nigh to God and he will draw nigh to you. You want to know how to come to God? Draw nigh to him. Draw nigh to him and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners. Purify your hearts, ye double-minded. Amen. As I said, for me to live is Christ, to die is gain. I'm crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live. Yet not I, but Christ liveth in me. And the life that I now live in this flesh. I live by the faith. Not my intellects, not my feelings, not what it looks like. I live by the faith of the son of God. His own faith who saved me. Amen. I live by his faith who loved me and gave himself. What did he do? He gave himself for you. &gt;&gt; That's what I live by. Amen. Amen. That's exactly what we live by. There's one thing we got to master if we expect to fulfill God's desire in our life. That is, we have to master the thought of human ability. There you are. You've got to lay it down daily. Paul said, "I die daily." Jesus said, "Daily. Take up your cross and follow me." All right. So, if we ever get to a spot where we think that we can do it with our own intelligence, you've tried, you've tried, you've tried, why not just deny yourself, take the word of his promise and go forward with it, regardless of what children say, parents say, this one says, that one thinks, you obey God. You obey his word, and God will take care of the rest of it. All right? You have to take your stand. You say, "Well, if I take my stand for the word, I'm going to hurt so and so. I would rather hurt so and so than to lose eternal life and my savior." Amen. Because we got to have everything you do must have an absolute. So what is your absolute? What is the final word? Who governs you? The umpire of a ball game is I mean the ball game is umpired. Excuse me. The ball game is directed and controlled by an umpire. He's the absolute. Amen. If he says strike, you can argue all you want to, but you just might as well settle in your mind that it's a strike whether you think it is or not. And if God says a word, you've got to settle it in your heart. That's the word of God. And I believe what he said, and that settles it. If God said something, just like a little child, a little child just says, "I accept it." They don't argue with it. Daddy said so. Daddy, you'll keep his word. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. That's right. There's only one way, and Christ is the way, and Christ is the word that lives in you. Now, I'm I'm Let me just read this. There was a question. I brought this before, but I feel to read it again tonight. There's a question that's been comp that was given. And he said, "I can't give over completely to Jesus." Let me spend the rest of the time on that there. You can't surrender Jesus. Why? He said they he said, "Why not?" He said, "Why can't you surrender? Why? What's the matter? If you're a woman, don't you have to surrender to your husband to be a wife? Surrender all you are? A little lady when you married, virtuous, fought all your lives to stay virtuous, to stay a virgin. But one day you found a man that you loved. You were his completely. The things that he that you fought for all your life and tried to live clean and clear and virtuous. Now you surrender every bit of that to one man. Is that right? You put yourself completely in his hands. You are his. All you have stood for in decency and moral and everything like that. Now you turn over to a man because you surrender yourself to the man. Can't you do the same thing to Jesus Christ? Just surrender yourself that way. All that I am, all my mind, all my thoughts. Certainly. And the reason I know you can because there's something out there calling for you to surrender. And it's the devil standing in your way. Amen. You see? All right. The only thing you have to do to beat the devil is rely on Christ and humble yourself and let him lead you. There's no other way. Your intellectual powers will never do it. Just rely on him. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's right. Remember, there's You say, "Well, you don't know what I'm going through." Forget what you're going through. Put it in God's hands. Just put it in his hands. Let go of it. He's already with you. He allowed it. He You couldn't have gone through what you're going through unless he allowed it to you. Nothing happens by chance. &gt;&gt; That settles it. It doesn't have to take you to figure it out. You just believe what he said. He gave you the way out of it. You're being tested, but he made the way out. So, believe him. &gt;&gt; All right. Now just simply simply do this just lay your life in his hands and say here am I Lord just lay your veil take take take when a when a woman is committed when a bride's committed to the groom in the east this was this is how the marriage took place she takes takes off her veil, places it over the man's the groom's shoulders, signifying not only is she under his dominion, but that she has transferred her rights to him, that he is the head. Now, brother, sister, you that are born again, you're married to him. Where have you laid your veil? Where is it laying right now? Amen. What we lay it on his shoulders. Lay it on Jesus Christ's shoulders. Let him have it. Put it in his hands. And you go on happy, rejoicing, and God will take care of everything you have need of in it. Promised it. Amen. That's it. You just lay that veil. You You just let him take care of it. He's responsible for you. And when you lay that veil on his shoulders and submit yourself to him, the Bible, the scriptures say, and he said you he he the Lord has accepted that obligation to care for you. Then he's in you're in his hands. &gt;&gt; You cast your care upon him. He He cares for you. Amen. Let's stand together. God bless you. God wants surrender. How can God show you realities before you surrender yourself to him? You've got to surrender. Make a complete surrender. We cannot use one ability. Amen. Now, stop and think about that. You say, "Well, well, God, he gave me ability. Then give the ability to him and let him use it." But don't you try to use it to provide for yourself. You let God take care of that. God doesn't need your ability, human ability. God's already given you the ability to believe him. Amen. You can't get You can't go home on your own. You're not going to make it. You say, "If I do enough good works, I'll make it." No, you won't. The world's full of good works, good people. That'll be lost. They won't make it. Good works won't save you. I believe in good works, but get the Holy Spirit in you first, then the works will follow. You believe the word and the works will follow that you're a believer. Let's not be hearers only, brother, sister. Let's be doers of the word. When the word says something, let's act on it. Amen. Just act on it. The problem is that we're not willing to act on it. Then will I say, do you believe it? Then why not act on it? Because you're fearful that it won't work. That's why you're fearful God won't keep his word is the reason we don't act on what he said. Amen. When he said something, you believe it. How do we act on it? Simply this. It's simple as this. You take it and believe it and let nothing else come between you and that word. That's acting on it. If it requires a movement, if if Peter remember I mean Moses, he said, "Why cry to me Moses? Speak and go forward." What' they have to do? Go forward. Amen. He told them to go forward. They started marching through to a to a the sea, not knowing how they get across. But Moses already spoke it. This enemy you see today, you'll see no more. God had to provide a way. They started marching toward that sea and the sea opened up because they were willing to act upon. Moses acted upon what he spoke and believed it. Believe you receive what you asked for before you feel anything. Believe he gave it to you. Say, "Well, I don't see anything." Well, that's not faith. Faith believes you have what you don't see. But believe you will see because you've already received what he promised. Now you can chew on that for the rest of the week. Amen. Amen. I love him. Amen. That's This is rich. What a beautiful thing is to lay our life in his hands and say, "Here am I, Lord." How many's willing to do that tonight? Here am I, Lord. I have both my Here am I, Lord. Just use me. How many want wants him to use you? Just he cares. Do you? There's people lost. Do we care about that? &gt;&gt; Are we here as a witness of his life? We carry the light that does that scatters the darkness. Satan hates light, but we are the light because we are his life made manifest. We are his light. Amen. Here am I, Lord. Just use me, lead me, guide me, and direct me in the way that would be pleasing unto me, Lord. No, it didn't say that. He said pleasing unto thee. And then don't murmur because as soon as you murmur, it's coming from another source because there because there's no murmuring in God. If he said something, you don't murmur. There's no murmur about that. It brings joy. He's got to keep his word. Do we believe him that way? Then don't murmur. No matter what the path is, stay with it anyhow. And God will work it right. Just stay with it anyhow. God will work it right. The footsteps, the Bible said, the footsteps of the righteous is ordered of the Lord. Amen. That's right. The steps of a good man is ordered of the Lord. Do we believe that? Amen. All right. Then there's no more nothing to complain about. Amen. Nothing. You say, "I didn't like that guy that come over there and didn't get off his phone soon enough and I didn't make that light." And we want to do what? Chew him up one side and down the other. I could give him a No. No, God allowed him to stop right there in front of you. There was a purpose for that. We don't understand how this how the shepherd leads. You don't have to understand. You trust him. Amen. Do you believe he's leading you perfectly? All right. Then every little thing that happens that way, there's no reason to murmur or complain about it. No way. I might give him a honk, wake him up, but I had to miss that light. I could have made it through if he hadn't delayed so much. See, watch the carnal man raise up. But God ordered your steps. Now, who's right? That's just a little thing, but that's exactly the truth. That's how easy it is to get over on the carnal side. I say, God, let us become so aware of what we're saying and doing that it pleases you. And when I don't think it ought to happen the way he plans it to happen and makes it to happen because I've given myself to him, you've got to have trust that he's doing exactly what he said. He has complete control. Amen. If you don't, then what are you raising up in front of him? another way, another something. See, another feeling, a sense, you just stay with the word. God will take care of all of it. Your steps are ordered and that scripture is true. Amen. I'd like to sing a song or two here. Listen, there's the only right you have, I'm going to tell the believers here tonight, the only right you have is a surrendered selfwill to God. And then God does the leading from then on. The only the only way to be led by the spirit of God is keep gentle and not know a whole lot. Amen. Just trust him. Trust him. Let's sing that song. I didn't plan to sing it, but it just come my mind just now. Trust and obey, for there is no other way but to trust and obey. The Bible said if you love him, you can say all you want you love him. But if you love him, you'll keep his commandment because love is trust. Amen. Okay. tr I can't and o that's got to drop it down a little bit trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy day when we walk with the Lord in the light of his word. What a glory he sheds on our way. While we do his good will, he abides with us still and with all who will trust and oy. So trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy shadow can rise. Not a cloud in the skies, but his smile quickly drives it away. Not a fear or a fear. &gt;&gt; Now, excuse me. Will we trust and oy? Trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy. Let's just sing another song here and before we're dismissed that that one I mentioned, God, he will make a way. God will make a way. You believe God will make a way. God will make a way when there is no way. Amen. I can testify of that all through life. He's made ways where there's no way. I've seen him do wonders and miracles. I've seen him raise the dead. I've seen him chase storms and change storms and move storms completely out of the way just by a word. Seen animals healed here. Recently, I just prayed for a dead a dead um hummingbird and it come back to life. Prayed for a little bird that hit the window and knocked. I don't know if he died, but he was laying there on the on the porch and Ruth and I prayed for him and he perked right up and set him down on the feeder and he left. Seen a crow that was dying. Now, brother, sister, that's nothing. I had nothing to do with that. I'm giving this as a testimony of his presence. He knows. He hears. He knows exactly what you're thinking right now. He knows what's come through your mind. You don't have to say a word. He knows it. Every little thought, every little move, he knows it. You can't hide from him. The Bible said the word of God is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. As I said, this is for his glory. There's none good. There's not a man, not a man living that's good. I'm I'm not good. There's nothing good in me. Don't look to man. Look to him. Let him be living in you. Let him guide. Those things weren't done just to brag about. I'm not bragging. I'm telling you he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. All he asked is for faith. I never We never prayed for them, but it was in it was inspired to pray for them. That wasn't me. That was him. Nobody can raise up. Nobody can create but God. No man has that ability. There's nothing good in a man. It's not the holy man. It's the holy God in the man. Not a holy mountain. It was the holy God in the mountain. Who could raise dead but God himself? He raised up his own son. He God himself said through Jesus Christ, I have power to lay my life down and I have power to raise it up. Well, brother, sister, he's the same. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this song. God will make a way. Oh, where there seems to be no way. He works in ways we cannot see. He will make a way for me. He will be my guide. Hold me closely to his side with love and strength for each new day. He will make a way. God will make a way. One more time. Listen these words now. God will make. He's not a respector of persons. He'll make your way. He'll lead you. He'll guide you. He works in ways we cannot see. He will make a way for you. He will be my guide. Who else would you want your guide? Hold me close. He can't fail. His ways are perfect. With love and strength for each new day, he will make a way. God will make a way. God bless you. Be with you. Expect to receive the word on Sunday. Come back rejoicing. Come back expecting. God bless you. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Yeah. Lord Jesus God. I say, "Lord, why do I why do I?" Because there's an outer man there. But I'm thankful that it's sealed that I am a true believer. I'm thankful for that, Lord.
