################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-27 - August 27, 2025 - Bro. Paul Haylett - The Gift of Spiritual Insight - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-27
Title:   August 27, 2025 - Bro. Paul Haylett - "The Gift of Spiritual Insight"
Speaker: Paul Haylett
Church:  Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-rh2Em75Jo
========================================

Description:
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] The land above giving cheer everywhere to the sad and the lone. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way every day with love as I walk with a heavenly dove. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Keep me close to the side of my savior and guide. Let me never in darkness ro. Keep my path free from wrath and my soul satisfied. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with a heavenly dove. Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Soon the race will be over and I'll travel no more but abide in my home above. Let me sing blessed king all the way to the shore. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way every day with love as I walk with a heavenly dove. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Amen. God bless you, friends. Good to see each one of you. Um, why don't we go to number 645? We'll stay in the same key. I thirsted in a barren land of sin and shame and nothing satisfying there I found. But to the blessed cross of Christ, one day I came, where springs of living water did abound. Now I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Oh, happy now am I. My soul they satisfy drinking at the springs of living water. Oh wonderful and bountiful supply. How sweet the living water from the hills of God. It makes me glad and happy all the way. Now glory, grace, and blessing mark the path I've taught. I'm shouting hallelujah every day. Drinking at the springs of living water. Oh, happy now am I. My soul they satisfy. Drinking at the springs of living water. Oh wonderful and bountiful supply. Oh sinner, won't you come today to Calary, a fountain there is hoing deep and wide. The Savior now invites you to the water free where thirsting spirits can be satisfied. Drinking at the springs of living water. Oh, happy now am I. My soul they satisfy. Drinking at the springs of living water. Oh, wonderful and bountiful supply. One more time. Oh, I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Happy now am I. My soul they satisfy. Drinking at the springs of living water. Oh, wonderful and bountiful supply. Amen. Let's go to number 816. We'll stay in the same key if we can. Start with the chorus. The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my care, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I live. Oh Lord, I love you more. And it gets easier to understand this road I'm traveling down. No more wavering or wondering. I'm standing on solid ground. And I know I'm headed to my future home. And the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live, Lord, I love you more. The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I live, Lord, I love you more. The problems had yesterday are now stepping stones to a higher place. The trials that seemed so awesome to me are now my bers of victory. And I know I'm headed to my future hope. And the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live, Lord, I love you more. The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I live, Lord, I love you more. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Amen. We're going to go to prayer at this time and uh I'll ask you if brother David could lead us in a word of prayer. Um we remember brother Emanuel. He's a student from BSU. Uh recently moved from Ghana and um just praying for a way that he'd be able to be um here at church to fellowship with us. Um sister April is also not here. And uh let's remember sister Dorcas, brother Bashan, sister Koncha, brother Trevor and sister Carrie as well and sister Aliyah not feeling well today. And uh brother Ivan, brother Sergey and brother Vicilei and uh brother Luke are not here tonight um working or traveling and um also to remember uh Lisa and her children. Amen. That's all we have tonight. Let's take these knees to the Lord. [Music] Let's bow our heads. Our heavenly father, to thee we bow, to thee we give praise. How true it is, Lord. The more we surrender, the more we surrender self, the more we let go, the greater is your control, Lord. Father, we've come here to grow in thee. We come here to praise you. We've come here to be enlightened by thy word, Lord. We're not here in vain. Our steps are not ordered in vain. And Lord, as we bring these requests to you, the steps of these brothers and sisters, Lord, are ordered also. And Lord, we commit each one of them to you. We commit our sister April overseas. Lord, we ask you to to keep her, to guide her, to lead her in the way that pleases you and according to your divine will. And father, we just commit these traveling, those on the road. Lord, those that are sick, not well. We remember this brother that needs to have a way to come to church. Lord, you're the way maker. We ask you to make that way. Bring him according to your will and your timing and your purpose. And Lord, we commit others. others I that needs Pashant Nanchcha and their little one Isaac, Lord, and and and the needs of those online, Lord. Every one of them, we bring them to you with thanksgiving because we know that Lord, you hear our prayer and we know that that whatever we ask, we believe we receive it. We shall have it. Now, you know the needs of your children tonight. We expect you to minister your word. Open our hearts and reveal it to us, we pray. thy precious word in Jesus Christ's name we ask this. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Once again, greetings to you all, everybody on the internet or listening later. God bless you. Hope you're blessed. And uh let's just sing this little um chorus number 206. It's key of F. [Music] I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you, oh my soul. Rejoice, take joy, my king, in what you hear. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. Oh, I love you, Lord. And I lift my voice to worship you. Oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy, my king, in what you hear. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. One last time. Oh, I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you. Oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy, my king, in what you hear. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. [Music] Amen. Let's sing. Change my heart. Oh, oh God. B flat. Change my heart. Oh God. Make it ever true. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. One more time. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you for you are the potter. I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. You are the potter. Oh, you are the potter. I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. [Music] Make it ever true. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Amen. As we invite brother Paul, let's go to the key of E. Can you find that song? Have your way. Have your way. [Music] Have your way. Holy Spirit, fill our hearts and have your way. As we wait, oh, as we wait, we wait on you. And as we pray, we pray to you. Speak your word into our hearts and have your way. Oh, have your way. [Music] Have your way. Holy Spirit, fill our hearts and have your way as we wait. Oh, as we wait, we wait. [Music] And as we pray, we pray to you. Speak your word into our hearts and have your way. Let's sing verse one again. Oh, have your way. have your way. Holy Spirit, fill our hearts and have your way. One more time. Lord, have your way. Have your way. [Music] Holy Spirit, fill our hearts away. Amen. To be our prayer today, simply Lord have your way in us. Amen. There's so much influence in the world today. Everybody's got an opinion. Everybody's got a thought. There's so many anointings, you know, just uh studying and you know, we just see this, you know, where the spirits never die. And Satan, he takes his man, but the spirit's still here. God takes his man, but the spirit's still here. So, we know according to the word that every attribute that God poured out in this last day, every bit of truth, every bit of the outpouring of the Holy Spirit is right here available to us. And I say, "Thank you, Lord." And certainly Satan, he's out here. He has a a voice. He's loud. He's persistent. He's bold. He's even vulgar as it is in his approach. But he's still Satan. And it doesn't matter that he's got a voice. He's got men that will yield themselves to him. It doesn't matter. It's just Satan and we're not interested. Amen. Thank you. Amen. God bless you. Enjoy the song service. Appreciate our musicians, each and every one. Let's just stand as we go into the word this evening. I want to once again just kind of carry a little bit on from uh Sunday uh to uh title this tonight the gift of spiritual insight. Amen. And this uh insight is just uh another word. I don't know if you'd say it's more sophisticated or more aligned, but it is the gift of spiritual understanding. And uh so as we'll look at this, we just have to really stop and realize just how blessed we are in this day that that God has dealt with our hearts and we we read the word and we read it as a new book. Amen. Not as an old book, not as a historical book, but a new book. and it speaks to our hearts and and it's in that realm right there that um we're not looking for a group revelation. Amen. God deals with us as individuals. And as he deals with us individuals, and we'll get into this a little further, we'll realize that while we're all here, we're believers, uh we're Christians, but we all are at different stages in our life. Amen. And um you know, we realize there's a time of the of the youth and then a teenager and young adults and young families. And as it goes on, I don't know, the blink of an eye, one day you wake up and well, you're older. I'll put it that way. And um seems like it just comes in the blink. And uh so in every one of those stages, God has a fresh word for us. Amen. It's not that we're living on an experience uh looking back many many years. You know, the Lord touched me once 25 years ago, but we stand here today and God is still answering prayers. He's still uh bringing fresh mana if we'd use that term to us each day. It's still speaking to our hearts. We open up our Bibles. We read our devotion and there's something stirring. And I just say thank you Lord because this is just a gift that has come direct from the throne of God to you and I. And what we get out of that is actually what we choose to get out of it. Uh we come and and uh if we come with a negative or doubts or fears or anxieties which is what Satan wants. He wants to plant that seed that causes you to question. And when you start to question, you start to pull back. And if he can cause you to question long enough, you'll find yourself totally backed out of your experience. And that's what Satan desires to do. If you wonder, Amen. Just look back as as Israel come through the wilderness of sin and we see how Dayan and Kora, how they must have sit around their campfire many, many nights and said, "You know what? Moses. Moses did this and Moses did that and Moses should have done this and Moses said God spoke to him. But I doubt it because if he had, he would have done this. And they convinced themselves that they were just as spiritual as Moses was. But yet when it come down to it, God said, "Moses is the man I spoke to." That's right. &gt;&gt; Whatever voice spoke to Dayan and Corinth of Berum, my brother and sister, I have no doubt they had a voice that spoke to them. But God, come and prove it. And when God spoke to Moses, this wasn't Moses saying, "Everyone stand back. The earth is fixing to swallow them up." That was God told Moses, "Tell them." And I believe in that moment, I don't know, it might have been too late for them or it might have been a little window. They could have repented, but it didn't matter. God vindicated. Moses was his voice. &gt;&gt; And it didn't matter how many things they figured out around their campfire, in their tent. God said, "Moses is my man." And so, we have the same spirit has repeated itself in this day. There's many who claim they speak that God spoke to me and this is wrong and this is this and and it's all about this man has a flaw. this man has a failure. Well, may the man who is perfect, never contradicted himself, never missed or messed up the story, step forward, please. &gt;&gt; It just doesn't happen. But we're here today and the very fact that God says, "I chose to give the gift to you." &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; It's not going to be on our merit. It's not going to be our ability, but God says, "I give the gift to you." Let's turn in first Corinthians and uh so just uh speaking once again on the gift of spiritual insight 1 Corinthians 38-23 and uh very uh very interesting you know some people we we have met people through the years that are just uh terrified of being deceived uh and uh yet the word of God says that it would deceive the very elect if it were possible posible, but God's already set the boundaries and said it's not possible. So, if you read that incorrect or you read it with a lack of understanding, it leaves this idea that you're going to be deceived. And um my brother and sister, when God places his word in the life of his sons and daughters into their soul, into heart, Amen. God doesn't go along and say, "Man, I missed the target." You know, all the old stuff of Cupid. I always loved those cartoons years ago as a kid. I thought they were so funny. You know, there's three people in the park bench and Cupid's aiming there and his arrow goes wobble wobble and hits a different person. And you know, it's like as though God said, "I want you." And I didn't mean you. I meant you. No, God doesn't work that way. God's word is perfect. And it comes right down and hits the target. Let man Let no man deceive himself. Uhoh, we're worried about everybody else deceiving us. But the word says here as he's speaking to the Corinthians, "Let no man deceive himself. If any man among you seemth to be wise in this world, let him become a fool that he may be wise." Now, isn't it really hard? I I think all of us will have a moment, you know, the aha moment that you're right. You know, you're right. There's no way I'm wrong. I've got the Oh. I'm wrong. &gt;&gt; How can I be wrong? I can't be I'm wrong. &gt;&gt; You see, my brother and sister, we've got to come to the place that if we think we're wise, we must become the fool to be wise. For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. For it is written, he that taketh the wise in their own uh he taketh the wise in their own craftiness. And again, the Lord knoweth the thoughts of the wise, that they are vain. And yet, look at this. Man has striven since since man started to populate the earth. He's striven for uh wisdom. He's striven for knowledge. He's striven for the very thing that the word says, this will be the undoing of you. He taketh the wise in their craftiness. And again, the Lord knoweth the thoughts of the wise, that they are vain. Therefore, let no man glory in men, for all things are yours, whether Paul or Apollos or Cphus or the world or life or death or things present or things to come. All are yours and ye are Christ and Christ is God's. &gt;&gt; Heavenly Father, we ask you to bless the service tonight. Lead us, Lord. Open your word to us. We pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. Uh so as we look at this my brother and sister I I just think it's just such incredible scripture when you look at this for one verse 21 is is uh uh just reminds me I know of situations where people through the years you know they thought that their pastor was the only pastor on the face of the earth that was the greatest thing. Amen. And yet when that uh pastor failed they themselves become very very disheartened. They become very cynical, very costic, judgmental and in that because they had placed their trust uh they had placed their glory in a man. They had thought that this man was the ultimate and uh they failed to look far enough and look that if that man was a a man full of uh the word, full of life, full of glory, that it was God in that man. And they become very very upset when they see that the idol. You might say, I maybe I'll just go ahead and put it very bluntly. Uh many of those people that are in that situation are just simply idolattors and they just find something else. In most cases without deliverance from the Holy Spirit, they find something else to make their their idol. And many times uh knowledge becomes their idol. They will look, they will search, they are bound and determined to prove themselves right and everyone else wrong. But you know, the word says here, uh, these things are all yours. You don't need to glory in men. We've got the word of God. Christ is ours. He's here. The word is here tonight, and it's ours. We don't have to say, "Look, I I've got to go back somewhere to find someone to do this." And I love how Brother Brandham brings this out, and I'll just paraphrase it if you don't mind. Everything you need to make the rapture is already in you. If we'll take that for its face value, we don't need to go find the special man somewhere. We just need to get into the word because the word has already been released to us and it's ours to take possession of. Amen. As we use that example about being a gift. Amen. You can leave that gift as it were under the tree. You don't have to accept it. You don't have to take it. Whether it be your birthday and it's right there and all your friends and family give you, you can walk away from that gift. It's not wise. It's not prudent, but you can do that. And God has opened his word in this hour. And we are sitting here with this great gift uh of the Holy Spirit, a great gift of revelation given to us and it is ours to take. Now I would say my brother and sister that while we would look around the world today and we would see that um uh Christians are afflicted with every sickness and situation that is in the world today. In the book of Ecclesiastes, it says it happens to the rich and the poor, the wives and the unwise. So we don't see that as an exemption or get out of jail card. But my brother and sister, as we look around the world today, we can see this whole picture with great clarity. We get to see what is happening is not by accident. There's people consumed uh with with uh you know what's going to happen next. And we realize that that all of these things that are happening have been ordained of God. They're all in line with God's word. And so, you know, we would want to, you know, in human nature, we would want to change what is happening for a better world. But I tell you, my brother and sister, our better world is coming. When this one here is finished. Amen. When this is burnt over, the bride of Christ walks out on the ashes. Amen. When the earth has been purified. Now, let's not get the wrong idea of when we walk out on the ashes. You know, usually we would think of something as the ashes. it being a a filthy you know just uh everything turns black kind of world but actually the scripture is talking about purification. Amen. So when the earth has been purified back to its original condition before sin come in it. The bride of Christ walks out in that condition. Amen. And gets to enjoy the beauty as it would be Eden once again. Amen. Eden without contamination. And so as we get to see this world with clarity, now when I say we see the world with clarity, I'm not saying that we have an answer or insight to everything. Amen. It's uh in a world that we are living in, God says, I don't need you to understand the politics. Uh you know, brother Brandham shows us clear picture of politics. They're just dirty. They're filthy. It's inhabited with demons and liars and cheats and thieves and and uh many a good man went uh just talking of our nation went to Washington DC and in a few short years has been corrupted by the atmosphere that is there. So we don't understand all of those things. But what we do understand is God has prepared a way for his bride to live in this hour. Amen. Don't look back. We're not we don't need to go back and and try and find the revival of days gone by. We don't need to go back and try and get back into this position or that position, you know, but we can stand and with clarity know that what is happening God has already put in place and it's actually for our good. My it never feels good. I remember I always find a little humor in this if you don't mind. Amen. And I just remember, you know, and when my parents said, you know, uh, you don't understand, you know, I'm going to spank you and this hurts me, then it's going to hurt you. And I used to, as a kid think, yeah, right. And then I found myself as a parent speaking that to my children because I started to understand that really what we want to do is just love our children into correction. And then we find ourselves in a spiritual realm wanting God to just love us into correction. But it doesn't work that way. Amen. Sometimes, you know, as the scripture says, spoil the rod. I mean, spare the rod, spoil the child. And and in that realm, we'll see. Now, this is not talking about beating, but it's proper godly correction. And we'll see how that God I think every one of us here today would be able to say we have experienced correction. And in the end we can say thank you Lord for this correction. Amen. Now if you look at this we see a religious world today that very unabashedly unashamedly declares their wisdom. Amen. That the world is just full of people that are saying I was talking with the Lord or the Lord showed me or the Lord opened the word to me. And yet the thing that is so striking they're it's they're often times associating it with their ability that they are a special person and that that they've got this and and they do this that they have a greater understanding of God. But what it is my brother and sister, we've been taught, Amen. It's been put before us that all you need to do is just do a simple uh uh test. Amen. What is the fruit? And you'll find that in the world we live in today, most of the fruit doesn't pass the test. So what we're seeing is what they believe is spiritual insight is actually religious spirits. And brother Brandham said that a religious spirit is one of the worst spirits that there is. Amen. Because they believe that they're right. They'll testify that they're right. They're forceful about the fact that they're right, but they actually have no understanding of God. So their understanding of God is not producing the fruit of the word. And yet they are very bold to say we are right and you are wrong. They're very bold to say we can prove this. You know I'm telling you my brother and sister that you know I I was uh googling uh you know some different things and and uh you know I googled Jericho and the only thing AI can produce about Jericho is it might have happened. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And so, you know, I'm going to base my experience upon a 21st century approach to God, which AI or Google should be able to give me something. And if it doesn't produce it for me, then it must not exist. But my brother and sister, I want you to give me an AI version of what is faith. It will give you some words, but that will not help you in the time of uh the the gravest trials of your life. that will not AI is not going to give you something to hold on to. It's not going to heal you. It's not going to deliver you. It's not going to give you a sound mind or give you peace. And this is the world we live in where they need that kind of evidence. And I just want you to prove to me tonight with some empirical evidence that God has ever spoken to you, that God has ever deal dealt with you. I need you to produce something tangible I can lay right here. Is that what the word says God does? &gt;&gt; No. God comes along and says those things that are not are. &gt;&gt; And where does he put that? He doesn't put it out here to be brought up by AI. He doesn't put it out here to put it out in a world to say, you know, I need some faith. Let me Google it. But God's laying that word down in the hearts of sons and daughters of God. And your experience about how that you come to that will be different than mine because there's no way our lives are ever an exact duplicate. But I tell you, I've shared it with the church, an aha moment in my teenage years when I was really, really drifting away from the Lord. Amen. That a man ran out in the road on icy roads. ran out in the road in front of us and we looped around and around and around and there was a big ravine with no guard rail and the pickup goes over the edge and I just remember the only response that came out of my mouth was Lord help me &gt;&gt; and I've shared this to the church a rock &gt;&gt; this big is what stopped a pickup from plunging into a I don't know uh a few hundred foot deep gully and my brother and sister you Can't Google that. &gt;&gt; You're not going to find that as evidence, but it's something that's registered deep down in my heart that I do believe in that very moment the Lord heard my cry. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, I had an older brother that was there and I don't fault him, but uh he he he had totally different response. &gt;&gt; The words out of his mouth were an entirely different vocabulary. It it's good deal that his vocabulary didn't hinder my vocabulary. Amen. But you see my brother and sister, that's something I've carried now since I was 17 years old that God hears my cry. Amen. And I believe each and every one of you would have something in your own life where you would be able to look back and you'd be able to say, you know what, this is something that God has showed me. And sometimes we'll look at it and say, you know, I'm not sure exactly why it happened, why it happened. But when God works in our life, he puts these little things. Now, remember when Israel was going across the wilderness, we won't get into specifics. Brother David Nash once preached a lovely service about carrying the rocks out of the river and building a memorial there. Each rock had its place. Do you remember that, Brother David? Amen. And I still remember that sermon. Maybe not exact detail, but in concept. And you see what God has done is he's brought us to a place that we've picked up things and we've created a memorial that means something to our life. It's not a memorial that will boast to the whole world. We're not going to publish it on I what is that CBN or whatever that uh is uh Yeah, I think that's correct. And and we're not going to publish that. We're not going to go but it means something to you and I. And God's bringing us into this place where these things aren't to the world to see. Therefore, you and I in our time of need, our time of refreshing to be able to look back and say, "You know what? In this time, Amen. here's a stone that I have as a memorial in my life. And I have set it down that God answered a prayer." When I was crying and said, "I am in need, Lord. I'm in desperate need." And he come on the scene. And God has now given you a stone that's anchored in the word of God that you can look back and say, "In my time of need, he heard my cry." Amen. And this is what God is doing. It's not, as brother Brandham put it, people misinterpret some of this. Brother Brandham said in this last days here, it's not going to be a public display, but the world loves public displays. They want to have something where, you know, the cameras are set up just right and it just catches it all and we can publish this out to the world, this great thing that is happening. But what really interests me is God moving behind the scene. God moving when no one's looking. God moving when it's just you and him. And that he's coming down placing a memorial stone in our lives that we can remember. Amen. And you say, "Well, I remember I got the Holy Ghost on this day, at this time, this hour. I stand here today. I can't name you the day, the time, the hour." Because it was such a gradual progression of God coming to me and proving and then Satan trying to push me back and God coming and proving and Satan trying to push me back until one day you might say, "We're over the hump." And we'll look at that and we can look back and say, "Now I know God was there all the time." And it's not like it was one moment and it's just been victory ever since. There was bloody battles. There was fierce battles. There were battles that we carry scars and we'll carry scars to the redemption of this body. But we'll come one day and every one of those will be able to say thank you Lord because this became a memorial and this became a memorial and this became a memorial. And I know my God hears my prayer. I know he hears my cry. Amen. But we don't have to stand up and declare to the world our wisdom. That we have more revelation than anyone else. It doesn't matter, my brother and sister, how much revelation you have. It doesn't matter how much revelation they have. Our revelation just needs to match God's word. There's where the real measure is at. You can have all kinds of revelations, but if it doesn't match the word for the hour, Amen. and the season. And we know what the prophet meant by that. We can go back and say, "Let's build an ark and we'll hide in the ark." Well, that's not the revelation for the hour. Amen. God wants to pour his spirit out in this hour and prove to you that he's here &gt;&gt; and he has. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, you know, I remember as a kid it was such a cliche. We're going to give them a word test. Well, I'll tell you, I find it as I look back maybe tainted by my own memory, but uh you know, a lot of the times the things that people use for a word test, they themselves couldn't pass. &gt;&gt; So, it's not a matter of what I can give as a test to you, but it's a matter of does do we pass this test? &gt;&gt; That that's what matters. It's not holding everyone in the church to to meet a criteria that you've got to fit this, you've got to this, you got to that, but it's whether we please God or not is the real test of the day that we live in. And so I I maybe sound like I'm taking a big step here, but for the sake of time now, saints, you will find that the flocks appetite will determine what they're fed. I just watched a deal the other day. I thought it was quite entertaining actually. A church went to all the effort to build a zipline. Big building. Big big building. They built a zipline inside their church so that the pastor dressed up in his costume could out of some mechanical balcony in the deal come ziplining down through the church and land down on the platform to make a point. I if id went to church there I would have said I'm next. I'm going to try that. That looks fun. But you see, is that the gospel? No, my brother and sister, it's actually more a form of an entertainment. And and you know, it's like all good preachers need to be a good comedian before they're a good preacher so that they can wow the people. And uh already, you know, once you get started in, you need to already be planning your church expansion. &gt;&gt; That's the approach that they're taking. But the appetite of the flock is what will determine what they're fed. And so I want you to to follow this because we're not we're not looking at this as really concerning the preacher. Okay? It's not about look at this to the preacher. But um if if you would care to if you want to just go uh uh 1960 uh July the 22nd watchman what of the night very very very good service. Amen. Paragraph 40. God said in the Bible take heed to the flock which the Holy Spirit has made you a watchman made you a watchman over. Be sure they're fed with the right food making ready for the coming of the Lord. Now, I just pulled that out because it fit what I wanted it to fit. How's that? &gt;&gt; But see, it really comes down to the preacher, the ministry. Those men of God need to take heed of this flock that God has put them in charge of. Not to feed them a comedian act, not to feed them an aerial show, not to feed them some kind of, you know, bingo night. That's not going to get them ready for the coming of the Lord. But brother Brandham's saying, "Hey, what you need to do is uh you've been made a watchman over that." Now, a watchman doesn't mean that he owns them. &gt;&gt; No, sir. &gt;&gt; People are like, "We got the best pastor ever." What you need to be saying is how good a watchman. &gt;&gt; We've got a really good watchman that God has given us. He cares about our souls enough to preach the word to us. Whether we're always comfortable with that word or not, whether that puts us in a position that we have to change or sometimes, you know, we get uncomfortable, be sure that they're fed with the right food, making ready for the coming of the Lord. So, it's not just all about pizza party and sloppy joe's and fellowships in the basement, although we should have a little more of that, I do believe. But my brother and sister, it's not about that side of it. It's about spiritual food in due season. Now, due season is not to talk about us building an ark. It's not to talk about us, you know, having a rock in the desert. Literal. Uh it's not talking about us having a brazen serpent. Literal. We're not going back into those seasons. They were for their time. But we're here today given the word. And the word rightly divided will feed the bride of Christ. Amen. There's so many people. Well, how many denominations are there? There's so many churches, thousands of churches here in the United States. And everyone's got a little idea that it's their own idea and this is the way it is. But I say tonight, Grace Tabernacle, we want the word unadulterated and pure. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're not looking for a man's idea or man's interpretation because we'll see how men change. There'll be men that will come and be delivered out of a trinitarian spirit and they'll come, but they don't really catch it correctly and so they want to come and they worship like a oneness and then overall they come to see maybe an air of the oneness and they don't have revelation. So they just go back and become a trinitarian again and just justify where they're at. My brother and sister, I'm sorry. I want the word of God. Amen. The Lord, my God, is how I'm going to say it tonight. It's not three gods. &gt;&gt; But look at the world. They chop it up. And even their theologians say, "Well, we really can't explain it because it is God." Well, good. If you can't explain it, then why don't you just realize that John 1 says that God was the word. Amen. and the word come and was made flesh in our midst. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. You want something a little more simplistic than trying to rightly divide the office, just go back to the simplicity of the world, the word, I mean. And so you look at this and then people, they put a lot of effort to convince you you're wrong. But the word, I think I can say this with confidence, has already convinced you you're right. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Not a man. The word. &gt;&gt; Amen. Not a theologian. The word. Not a historian. The word. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, what is it? It's the right food. Amen. We're back in a day that the right food. And I tell you, I want the right food. That's my prayer today. Lord, I before I walk out that door, every time I preach in this church, actually, every time I preach anywhere, I stop before I walk out and I say, "Lord, let me only speak the truth." Now my brother and sister, this might seem a paradox and hold on so you don't misunderstand me. But when I say that, I'm not saying the right word because I'm a message believer. I hope you I hope you can follow where I'm coming from. I'm putting this in a context as so broad in a sense of Lord, I want to say the right words. If I have any understanding and it's not right, change it. That's right. &gt;&gt; Cuz I want to only speak truth. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Amen. You know, going back into history, just give you an idea. Amen. World War II, one of the greatest deceptions the United States or the Allies had over over um Germany is that they took a dead man, clothed him up as though he was a military man and put false information on him and dumped him in the ocean off the shores of of North Africa. And when they found him, they believed they had found a a man who had been in an airplane that must have been shot down carrying these precious secrets. And they believed what they did. So, amen. You can have a dead man testify a lie to you. &gt;&gt; I hope you follow me. Amen. It's not somebody you'd say, "I really trust this guy." No, he's a dead man. Amen. And there's many a person today that is spiritually dead that is testifying and people believe that. But we are here today with a living word. We're here today with a living Christ in our midst. Amen. Now, Matthew 24:44- 47. Therefore, be also ready. For in such an hour as you think not, the Son of Man cometh, who then is a faithful and wise servant, whom his lord hath made ruler over his household to give them meat in due season. Blessed is thy servant, whom his lord, when he cometh, shall find uh so doing. Verily, I say unto you, he that shall make him ruler over all his goods. So it this is right here in scripture, Matthew laying this out that it is there that it is not how flashy or finely dressed or how articulate or vocabulary wise or even how intelligent. A good servant's one who's simply giving the people meat in due season. And you'll find that in the day that we live in as many denominations, I did a little research on that, many denominations uh will not allow a man to be ordained in their denomination now unless he has a college degree. And so I can see that um you know where we're headed that um I shouldn't be your pastor cuz until you can make it out of high school with that piece of paper, you definitely not going to make it to a college degree. And if I had a co college degree tonight, would that make me sound better? Make me look better, cause me to speak truth better? No. See how man has went off in their own idea of what it takes? &gt;&gt; To present God to the people. Now, lest it would sound like the denomination or the preachers are messed up, remember it's the flock's appetite that controls what they receive. So, we see what the world is today. It wants more education. It wants more refined. It wants more finesse. It wants the gospel to sound better. I've shared with you and pardon me for deviating for this. I shared with you many years ago how it was that that man managed a funeral home, a well-known funeral home here. Uh I did a sister's funeral and and uh by God's grace, I could speak such wonderful things about the sister because God had did great things in her life. And you know, the the funeral home guy says, "Hey, look, our resident minister is going to retire and we'd like to offer you the job." And I look back on it. It actually would have been quite a lucrative job when you really think about that. Sorry to sound so carnal, but you know, uh, to get paid, you know, hundreds of dollars to just speak for one hour and do that, but, you know, I'm as good a a job as that sounded like so easy. Could make way more money than I was earning at that time, you know, just to work a few hours a week. But the problem was somewhere along the line, they want you to send them to heaven. when they're getting on the other bus. And so, you see what it would be? You'd have to become a liar to earn the easy money. And so, that's the world we live in today. I knew the minister. My family knew the minister that had been there. And he told me, "Paul, you really should take the job because it it is just kind of a no-brainer and you're not in control of their destination anyhow. But I'm in control of my destination and you're in control of your destination. Amen. It's how we respond to the word. What our appetite is is what we will be fed. Amen. And if you don't have truth, then what will your appetite be? Amen. You look at that. God is good. So I just want to be a a good ruler over the household of the Lord and be able to bring meat in due season. Amen. Now, so being very direct here, not to be judgmental, but it's direct. A denominational diet is for denominational appetite. Amen. A word diet is for a word appetite. And so whichever position we're in, that is what we will go feed on. So what we're looking at in this time that God has given us a gift of spiritual insight, we're able to sift through all of the aspects of religion to realize that some religion is good. It's a covering, right? We are covered by the word of God. So saying we've got religion. In fact, you'll hear sometimes brother Brown said, "I feel religious right now." Amen. He's feeling the moving of the Holy Spirit. He's feeling the presence of God. And he says, "I feel religious right now." But my brother and sister, it's quite a difference to feel religious and be religious. Amen. To just be there that as long as I'm under the cloak of this, then we're we're good. Everything's fine. But God gives us spiritual insight. Now, I'm going to just ask you kind of a blanket comment. Have we felt the moving of the Holy Spirit? &gt;&gt; Amen. We've seen God move in our church. We've seen God answer prayer in this church. We've seen God heal people in this church. We've seen God deliver people in this church, my brother and sister. And when you feel God moving, Amen. that is a presence that we as humans would say, I feel it was very religious. It was very an atmosphere. It was good. But you see, when the prophet of God said that you can be anointed of the Holy Ghost on your flesh is what it comes down to, all the days of your life and still go to hell. So you can sit in a service and the presence of God moves in that service and we can walk out and say God was here tonight. But I want to know was he in our tabernacle? Amen. Did we let him in the door of our tabernacle? Was it was he resident in our tabernacle? Amen. So it's obvious God will feed his people for the season that they're living in. I think we can testify of that that we each one have come to times in our life whether we've been anxiety, depression, uh you know questions that we have need deliverances and the Lord comes and he ministers to us in that season and it's there that we'll come and we start to by the preaching of the word start to understand that God is walking with us. He says I'll be with you even in you and we start to realize this is taking place. I I'm fulfilling this scripture. It's not some ambiguous thing out here that he just said it, but literally God is walking with us and he's right here and he's in us and his spirit is speaking to us. And we look at that and God's laying us spiritual insight into us, building us up that he really truly is here. &gt;&gt; He really truly is in us. He's really truly guiding us. &gt;&gt; Amen. This doesn't sound super spiritual. This is not real deep, but it's just a good reminder. I believe it is a good reminder that God's word comes down in the simplicity of our daytoday walk, our daytoday life that God says, "I'm going to come. I'll be with you. Just trust me. If you'll just come right here, right now, and just trust me, and take the next step, I'm with you." And in fact, when Satan, when all hail would assail you, uh God says, "Don't worry. I'm in you &gt;&gt; and I'll never forsake you. So all we got to do is hold on for another minute. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hold on for another minute. Amen. And so we're living in this time, living in this age, and God promised fresh mana. Every age had the word for its day. Are we any different? No, sir. &gt;&gt; And in fact, I come across a quote. We won't quote it. I think it was good. I don't want to get sidetracked, but my brother and sister, the word that was preached for this day is more real right now than it was the day it was preached. &gt;&gt; More effective, more alive right now than when it was preached. &gt;&gt; Now, the naysayers are wanting something fresh for the age, but not in the sense that God's dealing. They want something to fit culture. &gt;&gt; I talked to a man one day and he told me he was really excited how the church was going to start doing dances and start doing these things for young people because they want to connect with them. The culture has changed and we need to connect with these young people. Well, time went on and I seen the man again and I was like, "Hey, how's that working out?" And he said, "We quit that." And I said,"Wh?" And he said, 'Because the young people were coming to these things and well, pardon me for saying this online or even out loud, but we found them in the back rooms kissing and hugging and doing things that they shouldn't do. And and the atmosphere of it was and and people that didn't even know that was going on started coming into the church and saying, "The atmosphere of the church has changed. What's happening?" Well, what's happening is they embraced the culture which is a spirit of this day and the Holy Spirit and the spirit of this day don't dwell in the same place. And he says, so the pastor one day after a short while said, we've made a mistake. And you have to applaud the man would would admit that he'd made a mistake and the damage was done. And he said, "Our church has had the greatest falling away of our young people that it's ever experienced." What it was? They started out to help them. And Satan fooled them and they damaged them. My brother and sisters, see how slippery Satan is? But I tell you, you got a son or daughter of God. Amen. Satan might try to do some damage, but the Holy Spirit will come and he'll set everything back in order. So, the fresh mana of our day for this day, uh, is the word speaking to you. &gt;&gt; Now, I I hope you don't mind me putting it this way. People talk about fresh mana, but my brother and sister, just because the preacher is preaching something out of the Bible or the message that you've never heard before, and you'd say that's fresh mana, unless it's feeding you, it's not really fresh mana. &gt;&gt; It's got to be something you can eat that gives you strength to stand up and do the right thing. Amen. To live what you're called to live. So, we live in different seasons of our life. And I I I already kind of mentioned that, but just real quickly, uh uh every one of us, we could just go down this side, that side, and realize that every one of us is in a different season, a different time of our life. And this, I'm going to be just very bold. This is what makes it very hard for a a minister, a pastor, because you're trying to relate from, I don't know, 12 years old to to um 60 or roughly 60 on this side. uh in in that realm, you know, whatever age she is. And um and we go through this and and you got to preach a gospel and you're like, "Now, I've got to it's got to be relevant." Now, imagine a man in his mind. It's got to be relevant for you. You you you you'll go crazy. &gt;&gt; You go crazy trying to make it relevant for every individual. But if you just preach the word and they are sons and daughters of God, which I believe everyone here tonight is. Amen. When the word comes out, it comes in such a fashion that it becomes relevant to each individual for their position, their stage of life, their condition spiritually. It becomes relevant to them. and someone sitting on the other side of the church would come to an entirely different conclusion over the very same things preached because it now the Holy Spirit made it relevant for their life. Amen. This is the grace of God and the hour we live in. This is how God comes and preaches to a body of believers without the preacher trying to say now I I need to be able to make it good for you and I' I've got to make it good for them and I I've got to make it good for the young people so that it's relevant to them. But if the Holy Ghost is coming touching the lives of those young people, whatever is preached will be relevant to their life. And God knows how to do that. Because on the day of Pentecost, my brother and sister, very simple. I just love this. It spoke to me as I was listening to the prophet the other day in the upper room. Amen. As that Holy Spirit come down, it separated itself in cloven tongues of fire. Amen. And it didn't go over there and say, "Well, let's see. Now I got to figure out how to be relevant to Sister Vika. I need to be relevant to Sister Jerry. I need to be relevant to to, you know, uh, Sister Vanessa and and to you also. It's got to be relevant to you. And how am I going to do this? No. The Holy Ghost separated itself, come down in a cloven tongue of fire and touched everyone. Same fire. Amen. same Holy Ghost come down and didn't say, "I'll be this to this person and that to that person." But when it come down and touched it, it was the word. It was God himself. And it was relevant to the life of that individual. And they walked away and said, "You know what? God heard my cry. God knew my heart. God knew my situation." Amen. And our situations might be as diverse as there is humanity. And yet the word comes and it's the answer for every situation. &gt;&gt; We don't have to try and preach a culture. &gt;&gt; We need to preach the word and the word is sufficient for this culture. Amen. So you look at this the seasons of our life of the different needs. Now some live for today. Now there is a relevance to living for today. Amen. I had landlords quite successful from their hard work through the years and they had started out to say, "You know what? When we retire, we want you to farm our ground." And then they proceeded to farm seven more years because they were afraid like $10 million wasn't enough to retire on. And they just kept working. They called up one day and said, "Um, we can't do this anymore." uh you know take care of the farm but you see every dream that they had in life talking in a natural sense sister Jerry knows these folks we've sat in their house many times the river cruise in Europe all these different things that they wanted to do they put it so far out in the future that by the time that they finally stopped you might say to enjoy life. All they did is drive by our house on the way to the doctor. Their retirement, their old age was nothing but doctor visits. No river crew cruise in Europe. No visiting all these different places. You see, my brother and sister, this is a two-way street. But we can't live today saying, you know what, God's going to move in my life down here. you know, we're going to just keep doing what we're doing and God will move. God will take care of this down here. I did that as a teenager. I I've shared it with you. I thought when I get when I get married, you know, praise God, I'm going to be real serious about serving God. I got married. I when I have children, I want to raise them right. I'll get serious about serving God when I have ch when this happens. I'll get serious about serving God. When this happens, I'll get serious about serving God. And I'll tell you, there's always an excuse of why we can't do what we plan to do. Amen. And so it's there, we'll see the flip side of it that people are like, you know, I'm going to just do this and I'm going to do this while I'm young and I I'm not going to care about nothing and I'm going to do this. My brother and sister, God's got a balance in our lives. That's why he said, "Seek you first." Amen. First might be six years old. First might be 10 years old. It might be 12, 15, uh, some cases might be 20. Amen. We got a lady that's been visiting us. Had a lovely conversation this last Sunday with her. It might be 60 &gt;&gt; but seek you first &gt;&gt; and God comes and says, "You know what? I've got something for this season of your life." Amen. Some just look for today. And some look for eternity. I actually had a little different title I was going to put to this, my brother and sister, but uh I'll save that for uh maybe another day. But you see, if we're living for just the day and we don't look beyond that right there, then when we take our last breath, this is what we've got. So, I hope it's good. I hope it's good. I hope you've reached all the notoriety, all the fame, all the uh wealth, all the whatever you want cuz that's just it's going to end right there. But when you look for eternity, you actually get to enjoy this life because you get sealed against the spirits of this age. You're no longer tossed around. Amen. Isn't it funny how out on the Sea of Galilee, Jesus is sleeping in the boat. And this is a type that we don't want to overspiritualize because we'll think that we could have been the substitute for Jesus. But what he was showing them when he woke up and they're in mortal fear, their boat is swamping and they are in mortal fear that they're going to die. And uh when Jesus looks out and says, "Peace, be still." You see, they had already been given enough word that they could have taken that position. Let me put it this way. I'm talking to Paul tonight. When it gets all stormy and your anxiety rises, it's time for us to rise up and say, "Our Lord Jesus already declared it." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Peace. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Be still. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Time for us to take a hold and possess what God has already given to us. He already broke the ground. We don't need to break it. We need to just say, "Hey, you know what? I'm in Christ. Christ is in me. He's the word and I am in him. So I am the word. Peace be still. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Satan, I bind you in the name of Jesus Christ. Not in the name of our church. Not in the name of brother Brandham. Not in the name of this. We're Christians. That means we're followers of Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. Some people take it way too far to the right or left, whatever you want to call it. And my brother and sister, God wants you and I to have a balance. Amen. And that's part of having spiritual insight to realize that we're just as spiritual as anyone else with balance. &gt;&gt; We don't have to be radicalized. That's &gt;&gt; right. &gt;&gt; And we don't have to be liberal. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. Did do you understand what I'm saying? So in watchmen what of the night uh brother Brandham says here you know it's never popular to tell the truth amongst people who want to live for this present day. They don't want to believe the truth but the Bible said ye you shall know the truth. Amen. Who can say amen to that? &gt;&gt; Amen. It's not speaking some random thing out there. The scripture is telling us you're going to know the truth. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And I believe the word. Amen. So I believe that there's something that God has already allotted to you and I the ability to believe the word and live that word to be a participant of that word. You shall know the truth. Oh, I'm so glad of that. You shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free. So now I'm going to say something that might come back to haunt me. Forgive me for saying this, but if we really have truth, we should not be bound. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; But nope. Nope. Don't negate it. Don't do away with it. The truth shall set you free. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're not looking for another hundred years and then the truth's going to be free. No, we're looking at the truth right now. And the word says shall set us free. &gt;&gt; Amen. I think it's time for us to possess the position that God has given us and just rebuke those binding spirits that want to torment us at night, torment us in the daytime, want to hinder our con. You know, this is one of the things about condemnation. Amen. Condemnation never stopped anyone from ever serving God, believe it or not. But what it did is it hindered you from applying the word. So then you don't have liberty or confidence in the word. So if you don't have liberty or confidence in the word, you're more than likely not going to apply it. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; And if you don't apply it, you don't get any result. Now you can be a prisoner or you can be a truth rejecting prisoner or you can know the truth and be free. &gt;&gt; Amen. Do we know the truth? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I believe with all my heart we know the truth. Amen. There's a lot of voices out there want to say it's all false my brother and sister but they don't have such a stellar track record their own self. So what have they got? What reason have they got to cause us to want to follow their example? This is the thing I I think so interesting is they're very vocal to tell you this is wrong, this is wrong, this is wrong. And they themselves don't have any more stellar track record. &gt;&gt; H reminds me of Dayan and Kora. &gt;&gt; Moses, you're wrong. We're just as spiritual as you are. But God didn't think so. Amen. They thought so. They had a whole group of people that thought so, but God didn't think so. Now, John 16:12 and 13 says, "I have yet many things to say unto you, but you cannot bear them now. How be it, when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into Oh, let me stop first. Do we believe this scripture?" &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How be it then, he, the Spirit of truth, is come. He will guide you into all truth. For he shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak. And he will show, &gt;&gt; you, me, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know the sheep, you the you, &gt;&gt; the sheep, &gt;&gt; will show you things to come. Talk about an insight. You get the Holy Ghost, God starts to bring peace and joy and all of these things into your life. And you come in there and we realize it's not my brother and sister, whoever preached it. It's not William Brandham, Brother Brandham. It's not there. It's the God himself has come down and what he's doing is pouring himself into you. And when he speaks, he's going to show you things to come. In other words, through the word, he's going to show you the manifestation of the rapture. And people say, "Oh, oh, we going to see the catching away." No, my brother and sister, the rapture is actually a body change and it's taking place right now. That's not something that's going to happen some cloudless morning on a day that we don't know when because this body's got to be changed from this uh body of flesh, this body of mortality. It's got to be changed to immortality. That's what's taking place right now. The word changing us to bring us to a place that the rapture can actually take place. &gt;&gt; Cuz the body is going to be changed by this word. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Of course, some people don't even believe in a rapture anymore. &gt;&gt; Nope. It should already come. If Brother Brandon was correct, he said the rapture is just right here. It's just it's got to take place just a few more days. &gt;&gt; Just right here. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Well, you know what? I'm sorry. This simple boy just isn't so bright as the rest of these guys. Because if I live out all my days, whatever they are allotted, and I'm taking my last breath, I know that when I have taken that last breath, &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I've got a body change. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; It doesn't have to happen like the theologian said. Doesn't have to happen like Mr. PhD of religion said. It doesn't have to happen like anyone else said. Let it happen like God said. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And there'll be many Hey, I mean there's things that are happening in the world today we don't understand. A brother back east, some kind of home invasion, brother gets shot, dies. Now my brother and sister, you say, "What? How can this happen? Oh, let me remind you. Just here recently back east, a brother driving down the road gets in an automobile accident and dies. A young man with a family. How does this happen? Because God wrote the story, not you and I. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. What we have is to be ready. There's the key for us. Be ready. Amen. There is the insight. God has given it doesn't matter about tomorrow because we know who holds tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Amen. So truth knows no age boundary. Amen. We'll look at this and um children, we've seen it. I won't express to here tonight, but we've seen young people and even parents thought they're too young to be baptized. That child wants to be baptized. Parents are even like we're not sure they understand. But the child understood because you see truth knows no age boundary. Amen. You can be very young and know truth. Amen. And you can be very old and know truth. Amen. Remember beyond the curtain of time there. You know what was it? 90 90 something years old. Amen. Come to the Lord. Amen. You know, you'd think when somebody gets that old that that it's they've missed it. But you see, God knows. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. What is revelation? You know, we got all kinds of ideas, people. I've heard it preached so many different ways, and I wouldn't say any one of them is wrong. Let me just add another subnote. Revelation is Christ expressing his love to you. &gt;&gt; In other words, when he starts to bear his secrets to you, &gt;&gt; that's right. He's showing you I love you &gt;&gt; and I want you to see me for who I am. Not a not a God that's in the vapor, but I want you to see me for who I am. Amen. You know the word the word produces an experience that matches the word. &gt;&gt; That's right, sir. &gt;&gt; That's what I was talking about earlier. I just brought this down to this point, my brother and sister. When people say, "We have truth. I'm right. You're wrong." But what they produce doesn't match the word, I don't care how much they say your faults. Their life testifies louder than their own words. And so they fit well when they're in that group that's anointed just like them. &gt;&gt; That's right. I remember years ago. I don't couldn't tell you how many years, but Oakland, the Oakland Raiders had just the Super Bowl had been in Oakland and the Raiders lost. And literally when I got off the freeway in the semi to deliver a load of roofing into this company, I literally drove down the street that borders their stadium. I pulled in there, went into the shipping department. The guys said, "Well, we take our lunch at a different time here, so the guys are doing a lunch. Go out. They're nice bunch of guys. They look rough, but they're nice bunch of guys. Just don't talk about football. And I got to looking around as I'm waiting to get unloaded and I see burnt up cars in the parking lot across the street and I'm like, I understand what he's talking about. But I went out to their, you know, I don't know, fast food truck that was there and what are they talking about? Football. only they're talking about everything that the referee and everything else did wrong that we should have won. We were right. We were right. We were right. They were wrong. We're the winners. They're that. Now, you say, "What? What are you getting at, brother Paul?" When spirits anoint people, the facts don't matter. They're right. The scripture says, "Every man is right in his own eyes." Let's be right in his eyes. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's not judge it by what we felt, thought emotionally, etc. Let's judge it by the word, what he said was right. Amen. One last little, if you don't mind, I'm I'm took a little longer than I thought I would here. um in the service, what shall I do with this Jesus called Christ? Now, if you was to go look this up, you'll see that just before that, Brother Brown's talking about a pilot checking out an airplane to make sure everything is right. Uh because you don't want it to be shuttering and whatever, and lose power, cough, and crash. So, keep that in mind. But look how he brings that analogy of a plane and a pilot checking the plane out. Now, look what he says here. how the church ought to be checking it again and again and again. And I don't think I'd be overemphasizing to just keep right on saying and again and again and again and again. We're waiting for his coming. We're waking. We're waiting for the takeoff. We better check it with the word, not what somebody said. &gt;&gt; Amen. Check it with the word, not what somebody said. Be sure you know. Now look how this is. You know, sometimes we just almost act like we have a collective revelation, but my brother and sister, this needs to be your revelation. Amen. You need be sure you know yourself. See, it's spaced in there with those two commas, which is a period of time, which is a pause that brings you there. Check it yourself. &gt;&gt; That's right. as a personal experience with Christ. Check it again and again and again. See, this is the real key, my brother and sister, for us to have spiritual insight is when we're back in the word again. Not, hey, I heard a tape last month. I read my Bible, but get back again. Cuz the last thing we want to do is get off the ground and sputter and crash. My Lord help us. Sister Vika, I think you need to help me stop. Amen. See, the gift of the Holy Ghost is a relationship between you and Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. And uh true revelation is a gift from God. &gt;&gt; That's right. And that's why the prophet of God said, "Pray for revelation." &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Pray for revelation. Man can't give it to you and man can't take it away. &gt;&gt; Amen. Isn't that beautiful? &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm not going to go ahead and read it, but uh second Peter uh 18-12 if you want to just take that. It is very familiar scripture. Uh for if these things be in you and abound, they make you that she'll neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. And that's what we want to be. We want to bear fruit. And it won't be the fruit that we say we're going to bear. It's going to be the fruit that the word produces. Amen. Let's just stand, sing a couple songs here. Amen. Hallelujah. 893, brother. Amen. Brother Alex, why don't you just come and lead us in a song or two? This just really struck me. Uh we're seeing that this day that we're living in right now, the line has been drawn. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's not a matter if it's going to be drawn someday. The line is already drawn and we either stand with the word. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Or we're against the word. There's no we agree mostly or partially as it would be, but we either stand for the word &gt;&gt; or we're opposed to the word. Amen. Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. And I want to be standing on your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Oh, Father, I see that you're drawing a line in the sand. And I want to be standing on your side. holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters see. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Oh father, I hear it growing louder. The song of your redee as the saints of every nation are awakening to sing. From our hearts there comes an anthem. Oh, hear the heavens ring. This is our song, a song to our king. Let the worshippers arise and let the sons and the daughters see. [Music] I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Amen. Let's go to the key of D in number 1039. I think we know the song. Oh, you shall love the Lord with all your heart. You shall love the Lord with all your soul. You shall love the Lord with all your mind, with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. Oh Lord, I love you. Love you more with all my heart, with all my soul, with all my mind. Oh, I shall love the Lord with all my heart. I shall love the Lord with all my soul. I shall love the Lord with all my mind, with all my heart, with all my soul, with all my mind. Oh Lord, I love you for all the things you are. Lord, I love you for all the things you do. Lord, I love you. Help me love you more with all my heart, with all my soul, with all my mind. Amen. Let's go to number 186 as we get ready to dismiss. pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Oh pray [Music] let everything I pursue be pleasing oh Lord unto you. Sing that again. Oh yes, pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Everything that I do be pleasing to you. Oh pray [Music] let everything I pursue be pleasing oh Lord unto you. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Just [Music] heat. with you. [Music] Oh, hey. [Music]
