################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-30 - November 30, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett - A Higher Calling - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-30
Title:   November 30, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett - A Higher Calling
Speaker: Paul Haylett
Church:  Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfqZoo6Plds
========================================

Description:
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Bless you. Awesome. What gift of grace is Jesus my redeemer. There is no more for heaven now to give. He is my joy, my righteousness and freom. My steadfast love, my deep and boundless peace. To this I hope. My hope is only Jesus. For my life is wholly bound to him. Oh, how strange and divine. I can sing all is mine, yet not I, but through Christ in me. The night is dark, but I am not forsaken. For by my side, the Savior, he will stay. I labor on. In weakness and rejoicing, for in my need his power is displayed. To this I hold. My shepherd will defend me. Through the deepest valley he will lead. Oh, the night has been won. And I shall overcome yet not I, but through Christ in me. Oh fate I dread. I know I am forgi. The future sure the price it has been paid. For Jesus bled and suffered for my pardon and he was raised to overthrow the grave. Faith I hold my sin has been defeated. Jesus now and ever is my plea. Oh, the chains are released. I can sing I am free yet not I but through Christ in me. With every breath I long to follow Jesus, for he has said that he will bring me home. And day by day I know he will renew me until I stand with joy before the throne. To this I hope my hope is only Jesus. All the gloryy ever more to him. When the race is complete, still my lips shall repeat. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. To this I hope. My hope is only Jesus. All the gloryy ever more to him. When the race is complete, still my lips shall repeat. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. Amen. Amen. Glor glory to God this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's uh number 478. Thank God I am free. For a long time I traveled down a long lonely road. Heart was so heavy in sin I sank low. Then I heard about Jesus. What a wonderful hour. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his saving power. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved, saved, saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. Like a bird out of prison that's taken its flight. Like a blind man that God gave back his side. Like a poor wretched beggar that's found fortune and fame. I'm so glad that I found out he could lead me out through his holy name. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Save. Save by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. Lord, &gt;&gt; thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. Amen. Are you thanking him this morning that you're free, that you're saved? Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Amen. He is He is wonderful. Amen. Actually, let's sing that. Wonderful. Wonderful Jesus is today. Let's stand. This is a standup song. &gt;&gt; Yep. Oh, my heart sings today. Sings for joy and gladness. Jesus saves, satisfied, banishes my sadness. Guilt is gone. Peace is mine. Peace like to a river. Jesus is wonderful and mighty to deliver. Wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to me. Counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Once a slave, now I'm free. Free from condemnation. Jesus gives liberty and a full salvation. Now the sins of the past have been all forgiven and my name is inscribed on the book of heaven. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Living here with my Lord in a holy union. Day by day all the way. Sweet communion. Oh, what change grace hath wrought on my lowly station since my soul has received full and free salvation. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, prince of peace, mighty God is he saving me. keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, Prince of Peace, mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Amen. Can we just tell him we appreciate him this morning? Hallelujah. just sing that uh chorus. Um give us clean hands. You ready to go to prayer this morning? Give us clean hands. Whom we bow our heart, we bend our knee. Oh spirit, come make us humble. We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord, we cast out our idols. Give us clean hands. Give us pure heart. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure heart. Let us not lift our souls to another. Let's do the verse two. Sorry. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Oh God, let us be a generation that seeks that seeks your faith. So God of Jacob, oh God, let us be a generation that seeks that seeks your faith. Oh God of Jacob, give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our soul to another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Amen. Amen. Is that your desire this morning? Amen. That we would just be pure before him. Amen. Hallelujah. We have a a number of prayer requests written down this morning. like to start with uh when I remember that that young lady Oakley um she was flown down to Salt Lake um and they found that she has a blood clot in her corateed artery and she's having an infection in her neck and she's only I don't I don't remember like 14 or 15 years old young lady. Amen. Lord just touch her. Use this opportunity to speak to her heart. Amen. Um, want to remember our brother Pashant, sister Koncha, little Isaac. Amen. Um, brother Alex, sister Rachel as Alex is away working. Rachel's with the family. Amen. Uh, Ser Sergey and Julie as they're um spent time with family and be headed home sometime this week. Um, Brother Dace and his mom and sister Vicky Hyatt up there. Amen. uh our brother Wayne Dean Hart and family in Montana, the church and group up there in northern Idaho, uh brother Jose and the church in Tri Cities, and any of us that's not here today, Brother Serilei, uh Sister April, the different ones. Amen. Let's bow our heads this morning. Gracious heavenly father, we come before you, Lord Jesus, once again, Lord God. Such an honor and a privilege, Lord, to be able to lift our voices with the life that you've given us and praise and worship you, our creator, our redeemer, our savior, our healer, our provider. Lord Jesus, you're so wonderful to us. So, we sang that song, wonderful, Lord Jesus. The words of the English language are so insufficient when it comes to speaking of you, Lord Jesus. So I pray, Lord God, you just look into our hearts today as it's overflowing with your beauty and your goodness, Lord Jesus. How we love you, Lord God. And Lord Jesus, as we come before you this morning, we've read the different requests, the different ones that aren't with us, the different ones, Lord Jesus, the spread out across the Northwest and wherever else, Lord Jesus. Lord, this young lady with this blood clot, Lord God, I don't know her situation, Lord Jesus. But Lord, I know one thing. We all can use a closer walk. So Lord Jesus, wherever she's at, Lord, I pray you'd touch her. use this us Lord Jesus to minister unto her heart Lord we pray and Lord as we've spoke of the different ones that aren't with us Lord my brother Pashant sister Koncha and little Isaac Lord Lord Jesus Sergey and Julia and the family Alex and Rachel brother Vasilei the different ones that aren't with us this morning Lord Jesus I pray you go with them even now Lord may you be their comfort Lord Jesus wherever they may be each one of them Lord and Lord for the different saints saints around the area, Lord, Brother Jose's church, the church up there in northern Idaho. Lord God, I pray this morning as they would be worshiping and praising you, Lord God, that you would just be there in their midst, Lord Jesus. That's the best thing that the best thing we can ask for, Lord, is that you would just your presence in our lives, Lord Jesus. And so we ask for more, more, Lord Jesus. More. So as we bow before you this morning, Lord, and any hands, any hearts, Lord Jesus, any needs, Lord God, I pray the saints here with their hands lifted to you, Lord Jesus. Each one, Lord God, that you'd minister to them in a special way, Lord. We love you, Lord God. We desire to be closer to you, Lord Jesus. Pray you take this service this morning. You take our hearts, Lord God. May you just fill us once again, Lord. We pray. We love you. We ask these things in your name. Be with our brother Paul as he would bring the word this morning, Lord Jesus. Pray you just bless our time here together. May it be pleasing unto you. We pray, Lord Jesus. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And you may have your seats. Number uh 47 or no, sorry, 377 there, Ivan. God sent his son. They called him Jesus. He came to love, heal, and forgive. He lived and died. To buy my pardon, an empty grave is there to prove my Savior lives. Because he live I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone because I know yes I know he holds my future and life is worth the living just because he live. How sweet to hold a newborn baby and feel the pride and joy he gives. But gater still the calur this cow child can face uncertain days. Because he lives. Because he lives. I can face tomorrow because he live. All fear is gone because I know. Yes, I know. He holds my future and life is worth the living. just because he lives. And then one day I'll cross that river. I'll fight life's fire. No war with pain. And then as death gives way to victory, I'll see the lights of glory. And I'll know he reigns because he lives. I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone. Because I know, yes, I know he holds my future. And life is worth the living just because he live. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise God. Amen. Amen. As we get ready to ask our brother Paul to come this morning, I'd like to sing number 893. I feel like you kind of got to stand on this one, too. Amen. Father, I see that you're a drawing a line in the sand and I want to be standing on your side holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Father, I see that you're a drawing a line in the sand. And I want to be standing on your side holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Father, I see it growing louder. The song of your redeemed as the saints on every nation are awakening to sing from our hearts. There comes an anthem. Oh, here the heavens ring. This is our song &gt;&gt; to our king. Let the worshippers arise. Let let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah, brother Paul. &gt;&gt; Amen. and I surrendered to him this morning. Hallelujah. And then he would not have mentioned it this morning, but please lift brother Isaac in prayer as he's up here still chose to come to his post of duty and stand here before us today and do his very best from his heart to lead us in worship and and we appreciate that. Amen. I don't know. I think my microphone is good excuse to take my coat off. Amen. Why don't you just be seated for a moment? Um we just uh have uh a few things we'd like to share with you and uh it's so good to see each and everyone went unannounced this morning and I I'm going to embarrass him a little bit because I asked him to speak and he turned me down. But uh brother Stefan is here. Um, a brother Adrien, I I would make it more personal, is is here and we really appreciate him and his family and uh I I love this guy. Um, love that family also. Johnny. Yes. Amen. Sister Adah's brother uh here with us this morning. And I say God bless you. And uh to each and every one of you, I just give a wonderful welcome. Brother Cody, God bless you. Amen. uh we would look at um Manasseh and Katie, God bless you. Uh just every one of you just uh so happy to see you again. We um I feel like we were gone just a moment of time in one sense, but then it seemed like a long time in another sense. And uh so just want to bring a couple things up before you this morning. We want to remember brother Ron Peterson in prayer as he has not been feeling well and uh went for another checkup. And uh they say that he has a calcification of a heart valve. And uh brother Ron is is uh no longer really what you would call a spring chicken, but still has a lot of a lot of energy. Amen. Brother David's smiling at me when he talks about spring chickens here. Amen. But um so just remember brother Ron in prayer. Uh the doctors are looking into what what they can do uh to to deal with this heart valve. Amen. It might require open heart surgery. Uh but uh we just want to do that. And I know we know our sister April's heart um she um is is a very go get them person and sometimes you know the schedule just gets too busy. So please remember her in prayer. And um just thinking about it this morning. Uh just uh woke up this morning thinking uh about our sister Nenah back in Daesque. And um we just want uh the Lord just to be with her, lead her, guide her. We just kind of have at least a portion of her we can claim here as as her children are here in the church. And uh but woke up thinking about her and just want the Lord to just uh be there for her. the circumstances there. Uh we'll be a little bit vague uh on this on purpose, but um you as a church have recently given some support to a a family there in the Ukraine that their village uh as the brother shares with us uh their village actually no longer exists. It has been completely destroyed. There's not a single house standing, nothing there. they have to flee from that area with literally what they could carry in their hands and uh so uh by God's grace just the way things funnel through uh it come to uh the attention of the church here uh of the need that is there for that personally and you know that God is leading or bringing things to come in a certain way when the brother shared as he just reached out and asked for help because there's nothing they can do. Uh to here again be sufficiently vague. If the brother goes and seeks openly a job, he's of a uh age to be forced into the army. So he does not have the opportunity to just go down and and find a job. So they've been living a very primitive life for the last while here. And uh by God's grace uh we can we can help them. And uh so it's you actually the church that is helping this family there in the Ukraine and just lift them up in prayer uh that God would would uh just be there for them and give an answer to their needs. And uh so um youth meeting this coming Friday uh location to be announced. Brother uh Alex, sister Rachel weren't here to ask them if it's okay to use their home again. I got a feeling it will be. But uh let's try and have youth meeting this coming Friday. And um so I trust each one had good Thanksgiving. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Just enjoyable time to be together and uh we uh just take a moment to share. So sister Jerry and I flew into Amsterdam uh and uh went down to meetings. They have every year have for over 30 years meetings in America, Netherlands. It's interesting uh you know how I have no idea how the town got named but we went to America and uh so we left America and went to America and uh just a wonderful meetings there. It's kind of a combination of family and then a segment of it is youth and then segment of it is just open word being preached. uh got to see brother Vatitali, sister Ona, their youngest daughter, and uh it was good to see them. Brother Vitali preached some very very good morning services and uh brother Barry Coffee preached the evening services while we were there in the initial start of the services uh the meetings, some other brothers preached. But um lovely time. If you ever need something to do in November, Amen. And I I would thoroughly to uh uh encourage you uh to go. There was uh roughly nobody counted but roughly 700 um uh people there and just a a good time. Just a real good beautiful atmosphere. Then Sister Jerry and I went on to Belgium and um uh we spoke there in the church in Nazareth uh Wednesday and Sunday and a a lovely lovely time there. Also, uh, greetings from brother David Iverson. He's, uh, the pastor of the church there in Nazareth. And, uh, uh, Lord willing, one day soon, uh, we'll get brother David to come, uh, and, uh, maybe even possibly bring some of his children and visit us. Uh Europe has very strong school standards. So there's no way to just pull your kids out of school and and take a trip and then their time that school is over till it starts again is is very short. And uh but by God's grace uh we can get brother David to come. And then um speaking with brother Dwayne Far yesterday and uh uh brother Dwayne sister Connie the church in Saskatoon send their greetings also to you. So you know we're not alone. That's the beautiful thing saints is we uh sometimes Satan would try to isolate us and make us feel like we are alone. But I can tell you there are saints around the world that pray for this congregation and uh we should and I hope faithfully that we are praying for them also. Amen. Putting a wall as the prophet showed us putting a wall around each other a wall of prayer. The Holy Spirit would then surround each and every one of us leading us and guiding us. And uh I believe that with all of my heart. Amen. That my prayer matters that your prayer matters. Amen. So just a lovely time and we want to say we missed you. Amen. And uh so it's good to be home. Amen. So let's just stand and go into the word. I want to speak to you this morning. Thank you musicians. Amen. Enjoyed the song service. I want to speak to you on a higher calling this morning. And uh we turn in our Bibles to Ephesians 1. And I have verses 1-14. Uh but um I don't know. We'll see what we get to uh in in that portion. Got quite a bit of stuff. A amen to preach to you this morning. Amen. Ephesians 1 1-14. Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God to the saints which are at Ephesus and to the faithful in Christ Jesus. So that included you and I this morning. Amen. Grace be to you and peace from God our father and from the Lord Jesus Christ. Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ who hath blessed us past tense. Amen. So it's already done. Blessed us with all spiritual blessing into heavenly places in Christ. Amen. I'll just lay this out right now so you can follow me. God bless you, brother Daniel. Amen. So that you can follow me. My brother and sister, these heavenly places is a higher calling. We don't get there without being called there. And so this calling that God has given in this day all through the ages, but especially in this day, the culmination of time is a a a calling that we can go so far in and of oursel, in other words, we can by just reading the Bible, understand certain things. But the farther you get into this and start to move into this, it comes a point and we'll be a little bit demonstrative today if you don't mind. But there comes a point that we as humans, just a normal person, can only go that far and it comes to a halt. It takes something from God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Right? We can't even say that Jesus is the Christ &gt;&gt; without the anointing of the Holy Ghost. So I'm not talking about anyone could say the words Jesus is the Christ. But to say it from the depths of the heart and soul takes anointing of the Holy Ghost. That's a complete surrender of this individual right here. Amen. Me and you surrendering completely to move to a higher calling &gt;&gt; to really understand who we are &gt;&gt; in Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. according he's chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love having predestinated us and to the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will now I've just come across a little deal the other day a little clip and a man is saying that I can prove scripturally predestination doesn't exist well he had to tear a few pages out of his Bible &gt;&gt; to make that statement. So reason I bring that up is for you and I to understand that when God speaks to your heart and opens it to you, it is so completely clear that we think everyone would see it like that. But not everyone does. It is there a gift of God that has been given to you and I to have a sound mind, a clear mind, and an open heart. Amen. Now, that's not for us to boast. See, some people would say you're arrogant. I've been told that you're arrogant. But let's not misunderstand. When you're confident of something, that's not arrogance. &gt;&gt; Amen. We look at this and we know Jesus Christ is alive and well today. &gt;&gt; It's not arrogance to say that. &gt;&gt; That's a confidence. The word has showed us he is alive and well today. &gt;&gt; Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you for your grace, for your mercy, for your guidance. And Lord, we just ask you just to guide us this morning through this thought. Father, in your precious name, we pray be with each and everyone. those who are not here, Lord, just reach out and touch their hearts. Speak to them. I pray and Lord, that we could all come just a little bit higher, Lord. That is our heart and desire today. In the name of Jesus Christ, we ask this. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Having predestinated us unto adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. So when he adopted us, saints, he didn't adopt us into a denomination. He didn't adopt us into some movement. Now you might say, "Well, brother Paul, isn't the message a movement?" No, my brother and sister, I'll tell you, there is such liberty in the word when it has come. The open word brings us to where we are no longer subject to be held to someone else's standard. We are held to the standard of the word. Amen. And as we stand on the standard of the word, we'll find that he made a promise to us that he would lead us and guide us to all truth. And and praise God if we're able just to hold on to that and say, "You know what? I'm not concerned about being deceived this morning." Amen. Now, you might say that sounds a little bit arrogant. But I'm telling you, when Jesus made a promise and said, "I will lead you and guide you into all truth." You don't have to go find the truth yourself. You have to find Jesus. And when you find Jesus, you will find truth because he said, "I will take you to the truth." So many people say, "Well, I don't know what you're saying, whether it's true or not." My brother and sister, don't try and convince them of what you believe. Just get them to go deeper. Get more sincere and seeking to have a relationship with our Lord Jesus Christ because this is his promise. I can't fulfill his promise. I do my part, you do your part. But when we do our part, we will have Christ on display. Amen. So it's there that we just trust to the things of the Lord. We have redemption. Uh verse seven, through his blood, the forgiveness of sins according to the riches of his grace, wherein he hath abounded towards us in all wisdom and prudence. Now my brother and sister, we're going to uh kind of touch on this in a little bit. Uh but we'll look at this. My brother and sister, the word abound here is to be plentiful. Amen. Wherein he has plentifully been to us. Amen. Can someone say amen? That God has been plentiful. He's abounded to us. He He has not been stingy. He has not held us on some kind of rigid diet where we're just existing. But we as sons and daughters of God can come with authority. We can come with confidence. We can come and say, "You know what? I've been forgiven. Amen. I'm not I hope I've been forgiven or I I think I might be someday. But we can stand here this morning and say the blood of Jesus Christ has forgiven me of my sin. And that gives us a confidence then to press forward. And as we press forward, God doesn't just say, "I want you to keep looking back to this revelation." Now, we have to be careful, right? We don't want to ever forget where we came from. But neither are we called to constantly look back of where we came from. Amen. The coming out of that is not for us to hold that as our landmark. But I just want to use a silly analogy this morning. Amen. I've been on this. This is a real experience that I really can't convey to you, but it's something the Lord just showed me several times back in the years when I was driving truck. There was a highway in Nevada and it's got about a 40mile perfectly straight line that goes across the desert. You come over the mountain right here and you're looking and you see this thin pencil line. And the beautiful part about it is you're driving that first thing in the morning is the light is on the far end of that road through the peak that cuts through the mountain across that valley. So you're driving there and if you're looking right here, all you see is a highway, the bar ditch, some sage brush, some rocks, you see maybe a jack rabbit. But my brother and sister, when we focus on the goal, which is the far, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Not here, it's afar. And as we focus on that, amen, you travel through that valley and it ends up being a very short journey because you're not focused on every bump and curve and hump of the road. And when I say curve, I mean that's our curves, right? Did I tell you about the fact that I read the Bible lately and I found a lot of errors? in me. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; There's the bumps. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; There's the curves. &gt;&gt; You see, there's no errors in the word. &gt;&gt; The errors are in us. &gt;&gt; And as we move forward, we'll see this. You know, you can look and be distracted. You'll wander all over the highway. Amen. That if you're looking off to the side. Now, I I'm sure all of you drive like I do. And you know, it's like, hm, squirrel. M. Oh, look at this. M look at that. And you know, my wife is always saying, "Your driving makes me tired." But I've never driven off the road yet. I just drive a little bit extra distance. But when we look to the goal on the end, my brother and sister, we don't see every little thing that's wrong here. We don't see this. And Lord, help us as we look at one another and as we look at our spiritual life, not to get caught up in the daytoday, but to realize you have a promise of the word predestinated and you look to the end to the goal that is there and the rest of this life will pass very quickly. So as we'll look at this, we'll see, amen, that we have attained verse 11, an inheritance, and that being predestinated according to the purpose of him who workketh all things after the counsel of his own will. So I have an inheritance and I've been predestinated to it, not because I think I should be or I think I can attain to, but because he said, "I give it to you." Amen. So God's raising us up out of our thinking of this everyday life of our struggle. And I know none of you ever have battles that you feel like you lost. But my brother and sister, I can tell you that when you feel like you have failed, it's a great drag or hindrance on your life. It's hard to pray. It's hard to read your Bible. It's hard to be friendly. Amen. You don't want fellowship. You want isolation. All of these factors that are there. But God says, "You know what? I've come to deliver you from yourself. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Isn't that an incredible thing that one of our biggest challenges is to be delivered from our yourself? &gt;&gt; Amen. We say, "I need deliverance from cigarettes. I need deliverance from alcohol. I need deliverance from pornography. I need deliverance from this music." Yeah. Well, get right down to the basics. You need deliverance from yourself. That's right. And when yourself is fully committed to serve God, as the prophet of God taught us, these other things just start to fall away from our life. Don't be saying, "I've got to I've got to be delivered of smoking before I can serve God." Serve God and the smoking will disappear. &gt;&gt; Amen. Serve God and the alcohol will disappear. Serve God and the flesh of your own self will disappear. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's what God wants us to do. Because I tell you, my brother and sister, this is just a little short excerpt out of a sermon I preached many years ago. Amen. We can say here today and we can preach against sin day after day, service after service, and we will just have a challenge that will constantly be preached against. And we will be there just preaching till we're blue in the face. But I tell you what, when we get the Holy Ghost in, the sin leaves. Amen. So, we don't need to worry about preaching against sin constantly. What we need to do is preach and pursue getting the Holy Ghost in. And when the Holy Ghost gets in, Amen. all the trash gets washed out and we find deliverance. Amen. And so that's why Satan wants to make receiving the Holy Ghost, he's constantly as things in our society have progressed. He wants to make it that if you just believe, you know, come to church and believe that Jesus is the Christ, amen, you got the Holy Ghost. My brother and sister, it's much deeper than that. You can't sit here today and say, "Well, I believe God sent a prophet. I must have the Holy Ghost." The devil believes God sent a prophet. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, what we want to do is come, give ourselves over, let the Lord lead us into the word. Don't push your way in, and don't try to drag someone else in. Just live it &gt;&gt; organically, day by day. Just live it. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, that we would come. Now, I want to go because I have quite a bit of scripture here. Ephesians the 2 chapter:es 4-8. But God who is rich in mercy for his great love wherewith he loved us. Even when we were dead in sins, that should be a real amen from us. Even when we were dead in sin, he still loved us. &gt;&gt; Hath quickened us together with Christ. By grace ye are saved. and hath raised us up together and made us sit heaven to sit together in heavenly places. You know what? If we could just fulfill verse six, my brother and sister, that we would just re receive or accept the fact he raised us up. &gt;&gt; Amen. No good preacher, no good church, no good this, no good that. It was he himself who lifted us up. Now, this might be counterproductive in the mind of some, but I'm telling you, this message will not save you. &gt;&gt; Jesus Christ and Jesus Christ alone will save you. God says, "I will lead you to that truth. I will lead you to that point." But it don't matter what church you go to, it can't save you. Only that relationship with Jesus Christ. Amen. And he says, "I've raised you up and made you to sit in heavenly places in one position, &gt;&gt; Christ Jesus." &gt;&gt; There's the only position not to sit as a Baptist, a Methodist, a Nazarene, or whatever it might be. Not to sit as a message believer, but to be in that relationship that is Jesus Christ and Christ alone. &gt;&gt; That's the only thing that will save us. Now, don't misunderstand that I'm dinging on what we believe. I believe it with all that is within me. I have given these years trying to just help as it would in this assembly to to move forward my brother and sister. But we have to come to a place that we don't want to have a false reliance. &gt;&gt; I just read a story here recently. Man was on a ship World War II. Their ship was sunk in the English Channel. and they're out there floating in that cold, frigid water and a plane flew over and dropped a life raft and they thought, "We're saved." But the life raft had a hole in it. And while the life raft saved his life in one sense, he had to work for it because for like 32 hours, I believe it was, he had a little cup and he had to throw the water out. As the water ran in, he had to throw it out. Now, my brothers and sisters, we don't believe in a works gospel, but I'm telling you, you have to take the word and throw the world out every single day. Amen. &gt;&gt; We can't just say, "I've got the word. I'm saved. It's finished." No. We have to give our portion. And as the world would try to creep into our lives, do you know what I'm talking about? Amen. We have to labor to keep the world out. And so, as it is, this man was finally picked up by another ship. Amen. And they couldn't believe he had been out there all those days or all that time and floating in a life raft that was half full of water. Because after a while, just like Leodysia, he got tired of bailing the water out. &gt;&gt; But something kept him going because he knew when this raft sunk, he would be directly in the Atlantic or whatever they call the channel there and it would be the end. And that was just a natural man wanting to live. How about you and I sons and daughters of God with a calling of God in our life? Amen. Let's not give up and just set back. There's a higher calling for you and I. Amen. Let's be willing to receive the call. Let's be willing to respond to that that we can move forward because he hath raised us up together and made us sit together in heavenly places. And I would say today, thank you, Lord. I'm glad I'm here with you. I'm glad I'm part of this assembly. I'm glad I can say I'm your friend and your brother in Christ. And and I'm glad to do that because he didn't say I'll set you alone up, but he said he would set us together up. And so let's uh be uh bold as it is to support one another. Ephesians 3:9-12. He says here to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God who created all things by Jesus Christ. to the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places. Once again, we're seeing not carnal, not earthly, not tradition. My brother and sister, the word says it's by their traditions they held the people. &gt;&gt; We don't want tradition. God help us that this church will never start relying that this is how we believe and why we believe it. It's our tradition. This is what we do. No, my brother and sister, we've been lifted up, amen, into heavenly places that would be known the manifold wisdom of God according to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord. In whom we have boldness and access with confidence by faith in him. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's what we're looking for, a confidence. We don't need to be Christians just hoping we can make it through this day, this week, this month. &gt;&gt; Amen. whatever would come in the next year, just hoping we can live through it from the influence of Leodysa, of the age that we're living in, the apostasy of our day. My brother and sister, we don't want to hope. Let's have a boldness. Amen. I pray God gives you revelation today to have a boldness of who you are that you can stand and say, "I made a mistake, but I'm still a son of God. I always was. I always will be. It doesn't matter what my mistake is. God's already gave a propitiation for that mistake." And the blood of Jesus Christ has covered it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Otherwise, Satan will allow you. He will, I say allow you, he will bring upon you mistake after mistake until you're wore down and you don't even believe you're a Christian. You don't even believe you've been called. You don't even believe you can go another day. What God wants you to come and say, you know what? I read the word and the word said, I am an overcomer. Amen. I will overcome. Now in uh the message anointed ones at the end time. Now look at this. We we just want to draw a little thought out of this. Notice the very day when this messenger when he starts on when he begins to declare his message. See the first poll is healing. The second pole prophesying. Third pole the opening of the word the mysteries revealed. Now my brother and sister we'll we'll just preach our way through this here. But no more. There is no more higher order to reveal the word than prophets. Scripture right there. But the only way a prophet can be vindicated is by the word. Not not by another man saying I I believe he's a prophet. But it has to be the word that shows you that there's a day coming. Amen. As we see in Malachi 4, it come and said before the great and dreadful day of the Lord. So they tried to place that scripture being back into the New Testament with John and all of them there in that time. But my brother and sister, that was not the dreadful day of the Lord. Amen. When we'll look and see in the scripture how it says in this day, a coming time in the future for us, we'll see that this earth is going to burn with a fire. Amen. That is a dreadful day. A day when people say, "I thought I was serving God to find out they served a system." Amen. They thought they had the Holy Ghost when they found out it was just an emotion. That will be a dreadful day, my brother and sister. So it says here now remember be vindicated by the word. Remember the third pull was the opening of them seven seals. Now we can go through this and we can take words and say well this looks like the seventh seal is not open. And many people believe that today. But my brother and sister I just want to just plant this thought in your mind. The seventh seal is the revelation of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; It is Christ himself. And if that is not open to you, then you have not met Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. And that's what he wants you and I to do. He says, "I call all men unto me." Amen. Let's heed the call. &gt;&gt; Don't sit back and say, "I need a greater sign. I need a greater this, a greater that." Just heed the call. When he says, "I call all men." Amen. Just say, "Here I am, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Send me, Lord. Let me be the one. Let me be." If no one else in this church would think that they're going to make the rapture, you need to say, "I'm going to make a rapture." &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, you're going to have a church full of people. Anybody here sitting in church, worshiping the Lord, got a prayer life, read the Bible, everything, and say, "I'm not going to make the rapture." No. When you study the word, you read the word, you pray, there's something anchored down in your heart that says, "I'm going to make the rapture." Amen. Now, if every one of us has that revelation, we walk out of here today saying, "If there's anyone in this church that's going to make the rapture, it's going to be me." Who's going to make the rapture? Every hand should go up. Every heart should respond and say, "I'm going to make the rapture." Amen. Because God's not here for us to say, "You know what? I I've got a higher position. I've got a higher this. I' i'm more important." No, my brother and sister, that isn't how God works. Amen. Every one of us with the hope of this promise should be able to say, "I'm going to make it." Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm going to be that one. Amen. So, the third poll was the opening of them seven seals to reveal the hidden truth that's been sealed in the word. Do you see it? Now, I just use that for a little reference here. If you don't mind, we'll move on here. Amen. Now, I I hope these phrases don't throw anybody. But the revealing of the word is not a completely linear event. Now, the word linear kind of has two definitions. one meaning one thing that comes right after another. So the opening of the word is linear in that context. But linear is also a straight line. And we see that the opening of the word is not a linear event because it's never an absolute straight line. It is there that my brother Trevor uh God would deal with his heart and he would see something in the word and it takes him a step up and it might be days, weeks or months before I see the same thing. and take the step up. So it's not when God opens a mystery or opens a revelation that everybody steps up together. We are all walking our own journey and God is revealing to us word by word the word which is him and we step up. Now we'll look at this. So when you think about a linear as a straight line, amen. And uh yes, things come one after another, but it is a series of events that come and God's intent was or is for us to be built up in the revelation of who he is. &gt;&gt; Now, I want to put in here right now, this is not to be a doctrine. Christ revealing himself is not a doctrine. The problem man has come and we see it all through the church ages. man has come. And the Lutheran said, and I'm not here to insult anybody, don't misunderstand, but the Lutheran said, "Hey, God spoke to us. We got it." And then they were Lutheran. And they just went on and they built around what they was revealed to them. But then God moved on, right? Isn't that what the message tells us? God moved on, but the Lutheran couldn't. They were stuck in there that God revealed this to Luther and this is the word for the day. And then it comes up Wesley and on through the ages and we'll see how they tried to make a linear movement out of it. And God said, you know what? I've got something more. I think it is something you need to see. The word would reveal it. Amen. So God's intent was for every one of us to be built up by the revelation of not who we are, &gt;&gt; but who he is. And when you get a revelation of who he is, &gt;&gt; he'll give you a revelation of who you are. &gt;&gt; If we get that backwards, we start to say, "I I'm a son of God, but we don't know the one who saved us." &gt;&gt; You can't do that. &gt;&gt; You need the revelation of knowing who saved you to recognize who you are. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, we cannot just come. Now, if you don't mind, I'll be I'll be just a little bit demonstrative here. If you, is that okay this morning? So, here we are as believers. The Lord comes. Now, we're a, you know, an audience here of different ideas and thoughts. But, you know, there was a point in our life that Jesus Christ spoke to our hearts and we started to realize, you know, I need him. My life's a mess. Anybody been there? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Amen. And so we start to move forward and maybe you just have a little something in your body that that's just not quite right. Now, we get all weird about these things, but I got rid of my weirdness about this years ago when one of the doctors I was visiting says, "You were born with a birth defect." And I'm like, "What? I think I'm perfectly perfect." And then he was joking because he says, "You know what? Your one ear is mounted like, you know, almost a quarter inch higher on your head than the other one. You have a birth defect. Okay. Well, we start to look at that and you say, you know what? I need healing. God opens the word to us and we recognize healing. I don't care where you come from and who you are. This is a promise that's in the word. Is this right? So, we're going forward in healing and we're believing and we come to a point and God says, you know, I'm your healer and there's something in us. We believe that and we'll come up to a point and if that's all we believe, we can't go any further. To go any further, what do we have to do? Step up. And that next step is the prophecy of the word. And the word's prophesying that there will be a people that will be overcomers. Anybody ever hear that prophecy before? That one ever ring in your heart, your soul. You know, I'm going to be an overcomer. That prophecy comes. There's other prophecies. We could go into all these things. There's all kinds of false prophecies out here. You know, one of them I really like is to see, and I won't name names, but to see a church built around the plan that God wants to make you rich. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Are any of you here this morning rich? &gt;&gt; Thanks for spoiling it. &gt;&gt; They're talking carnal. &gt;&gt; Right. That's right. &gt;&gt; They're talking carnal that money should disappear if you're not in a mansion and driving a Bentley. Who wants to drive a Bentley? And there might be some people who like that oldfashioned look. But you're not even saved. You don't have the Holy Ghost if you don't have cash. Just, you know, open the drawers in your kitchen, there's no utensils, it's full of cash. Go to your closet, there's no clothes, it's just cash. Oh, God's blessed me so much. No, my brother and sister. Amen. That money is a curse unless God blesses it in your life. Amen. &gt;&gt; Plain and simple. &gt;&gt; Now, don't misunderstand me. If God blesses you with a good job and you have good stewardship of that and over time you accumulate some standard of of uh uh what word should we use? I don't want to sound carnal, but I guess wealth, you know. Yeah, you you've collected a a higher degree of filthy lucer than the next person. But look at this, my brother and sister. There's nothing wrong with that as long as you have approached it correctly, right? And it didn't distract your life. Being uh well off is is not a sin. Amen. But God does have a higher calling on your life if you have it. Just like the rich young ruler. Amen. As the painting uh uh is there of the, you know, the Hoffman's head and you see that full painting and Lazarus is in the background and the rich young ruler is saying, "I've done all of this since my youth." But you see, he only saw the surface of what the word was because the word had come. And if he had really had a revelation of what Jesus was saying to him, Lazarus wouldn't be in the background in rags in the gutter. &gt;&gt; He'd had compassion in his heart. He'd have said, "You know what? I can do something for my brother." &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? Yeah. &gt;&gt; So in that second step there, that prophecy coming forth, that prophecy is not just saying the end of the world is like this and that's going to happen. The prophecy is the opening of the word and God saying this is what's going to happen. So we could take this and let me just not get distracted. Amen. Uh we we can look at this and and these events coming. Amen. So it builds us up. Amen. that God intended for us to have a revelation of him. That's what the revelation is, my brother and sister. The revelation is not all deep mysteries. Revelation is not doctrine. Revelation is relationship. &gt;&gt; Amen. God has given to you and I so many revelations that we do not fathom. We're looking for the big one. We're looking for the big thing. We're looking for the latest thing. And God is revealing himself day after day. That's what revelation is, right? God revealing himself to us. &gt;&gt; That's real revelation. I want to ask you, did you have a revelation yesterday? &gt;&gt; Did you have one last week? Amen. Are we having one here today? Amen. Christ revealing himself to us. It's not, oh, I've got a revelation. This will happen at this day, this time, in this way. Person will be dressed like this. I have prophecies of this and this. No, my brother and sister, I don't want to see the man out here who is telling you, "God told me to tell you to give money because I am going to own a $62 million le jet." And they call that prophecy. What's that got to do with bringing that person closer to Christ? Nothing. That's carnal impersonation of what revelation and prophecy is. &gt;&gt; Amen. The whole thing is calling us closer to him. As the Apostle Paul said, calling us into higher places. Now, as we'll look at this, see, we're being built up in a revelation of who he is and of who we are. Can someone say you've got revelation? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I I I hope every one of us here this morning can say, "I've got revelation of who he is and who I am in him." &gt;&gt; Amen. So without revelation, if you just see yourself as some person placed on the earth hoping to overcome, hoping to do this, recognize my failures, you'll never have spiritual growth. &gt;&gt; It's only when you have a revelation of who you are in Jesus Christ, can you have real spiritual growth. It's not about shivers. It's not about dancing. It's not about screaming, jumping, running. None of those things, every one of those can be imitated and they are imitated. But I tell you, when you get a real revelation of who Jesus Christ is in your life, Amen. the devil cannot imitate that. Amen. When you come to a place that you are overcoming the world and your life is changing by degree by degree by degree. Amen. Satan cannot imitate that because you'll come to the place that it's a direct contradiction of what Satan believes. Amen. Satan's doctrine and the doctrine of Jesus Christ. Amen. They cannot coexist in the same sphere. They cannot live in the same atmosphere. They cannot dwell in the same house. Bitter water cannot come out with sweet water. Amen. And so when the word is there, Satan realizes, I cannot imitate that life. Now he imitates religion. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; He imitates these things that we call Christianity. But when real Christianity, a real relationship with Jesus Christ is there and it's in action. Amen. Acts coming in action. Amen. Satan cannot imitate the life. Amen. &gt;&gt; Am I preaching to the choir this morning? &gt;&gt; Go ahead, say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Who's willing to sit here this morning and say, "I'm willing to put up with just limited spiritual growth." &gt;&gt; No, sir. I want revelation that comes straight from the throne of Almighty God. &gt;&gt; No. Let's not turn this revelation into a doctrine where my revelation's bigger than your revelation and you have to see it my way. My brother and sister, it's not a doctrine. It's a life. &gt;&gt; Amen. Whether it's the opening of the seals or whether it's the opening of recognizing the church ages and all these, you know, all these different deals of vials and all that. My brother and sister, people say, "I got a revelation." My brother and sister, let me just tone this down for you. If you're in Christ and he promised to lead you to truth, it's not a man's revelation that brings you into that. It's God pouring himself down into you to show you a little bit more. Now, I tell you how it is. I'll tell you really how it is. I've been married for 42 years. My wife is still a mystery. I should actually hear some brothers saying, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. and they'll remain a mystery. But the longer you're married, the more revelation there is. &gt;&gt; I should hear an amen about then. &gt;&gt; Is that an okay analogy? &gt;&gt; See, at the point you marry that girl, all you see is this beautiful eyes, and you know, you're just transfixed. And I'll tell you how bad it can be. I didn't even realize Sister Jerry was left-handed until we were already married. I walked around in a days like, "Oh, this is the girl." You're left-handed. I've always been left-handed. Oh, this is a revelation. My brother and sister, we can go to church all the days of our life and Christ never be revealed to us. &gt;&gt; We're not there entering into his presence. We're entering into the atmosphere of our church. We're into, oh, we have to learn this. We have to do this. We have to do this. No, you have to have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ. And in that personal relationship, every day goes by, he's going to show you a little bit more of himself. It's not, I went to church. Oh, great meeting. Praise God. I got the revelation of Jesus Christ. Somebody's lying to you, my brother and sister. The revelation of Jesus Christ is there and it's coming and it's not linear because as it comes to the place as the prophet of God in this quote says now that the opening of the third pole was the opening of them seven seals which is Christ revealed in his word and my brother and sister this level right here that God promised to heal me and this level right here that God has showed us through prophecy but there comes a time you got to step up into a higher place for God to come and really show you who he is. Now, I don't want to sound vulgar or offbeat here, but my brother and sister, the word clearly shows us in our relationship as men with women, women with men, we don't go out here and test drive a wife before we marry her. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's not what God wants. God wants us to follow his word. And it's there in that that marriage then becomes a very clear type of our spiritual walk that as every day goes by this woman that you have fallen in love with is revealed a little bit more to you and we are the bride of Christ and he said I will open my word and reveal myself to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's not doing it to a denomination. He never promised to give it to the denomination. He promised to give it to you personal. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. We ought to pursue it as he promised to give it to me personal. &gt;&gt; Amen. He didn't say, "I'm just going to go round up people off the street and reveal myself to them." He said, "I have a chosen people, a predestinated people, and I chose them in myself." &gt;&gt; Amen. That's why we should never view that opening of the seven seals of the pools as doctrine. &gt;&gt; Because the minute we make doctrine out of it, we're defining that everybody needs to see it like I see it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. God never said, "I'm going to make you a bunch &gt;&gt; of repeaters." Parrots, &gt;&gt; you know, even parrots don't all look alike, right? &gt;&gt; You know, I used to do a pretty good imitation when I was a kid. People would call me just drove me nuts as a kid. Please don't don't do this. But as a kid, I'd get on the school bus and there was a girl on the school bus. Good morning, Polly. She doesn't exist. Why won't you talk to me, Paulie? Because you're calling me Paulie. But, you know, after a while, I'm trying to cope. And Paulie wants a cracker. I decided if I couldn't beat him, I'd join him. That girl would be, "Good morning, Paulie. And Paulie would say, "Polly doesn't say good morning." Were we called to be parrots? Let this word of God be a revelation that is just to you, not for us to raise up and say, "I got more than you got." Maybe you do at the moment, but God promised he'd lead me to truth. &gt;&gt; He promised he'd lead you to truth. So, we're not here to say, "Hey, I've got more than you've got." That's not what it's about. What we need is him. &gt;&gt; Amen. And if you have a greater portion, praise God. But he promised I would have a portion that was necessary for me to make a rapture. Amen. I don't need to have your portion as long as I've got the portion that was allotted to me. &gt;&gt; Amen. And when God allotss us to us, he didn't allott it to us that we would fail or come short. He allotted us everything we need to finish this race. and hear those words, well done, &gt;&gt; my good and faithful servant. &gt;&gt; Amen. You see, if we don't have that, what it ends up is we listen. Now, it was wonderful there in Netherlands. Brother Barry, such a articulate man. Just lays things out. Lays it out very well. Puts all the pieces of the puzzle together so precisely. Doesn't slobber. Doesn't drool. Doesn't have to yell. That's with us that don't have quite that ability have to do. Amen. But he laid it out. Did everyone in the building catch it because he laid it out so precisely? No, it doesn't do any good. I listen to the best. Our pastor's the best. I didn't even get an amen out of that. It doesn't matter how good your pastor is. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It matters God speaking to you. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That's right. Isn't that we we use pastors, we use churches, we use all of this stuff. It's giant crutches. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; When God says, "I I don't need you to go to the best church, the most beautiful church, the biggest church, the best choir, the best this, the best that. I need you to have a relationship with me. &gt;&gt; And don't let that relationship become something that's just in your head." Amen. He head knowledge, intellectual. I I I you know, I have a silly analogy I want to present to you, my brothers and sisters. Here you are. You've been in an accident and you're laying on the side of the road and and somebody pulls up, gets out of the car. You're laying there. Let's just say you wrecked horribly on your bicycle. Amen. And and you're laying there and you're bleeding and and uh and they get out of the car and they come over to you and your life's blood is running out on the asphalt and they crouch down beside you. Did you know that the blood carries oxygen to your cells and without oxygen your cells die? And did you know that the blood carries all these things and they start going through this whole thing of what the blood is? In the meantime, your heart's pumping and your blood is running out on the ground, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And so the blood is this and the blood is that and this is how the blood works. And this mic's going to die. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm just tired of talking. and we have many people laying in church today, sitting in church today, my brother and sister, that we've given them such an intellectual understanding of what the word of God is. They don't need an intellectual understanding of what the word of God is. They need an encounter with the blood. &gt;&gt; They need to HAVE THE BLOOD PUT IN THEM. And when THEY HAVE THE BLOOD IN THEM, MY BROTHER AND SISTER, THEY'LL have life. &gt;&gt; But a book, a page, a a a explanation that won't give them life. You can TELL THEM ON THIS MEDICAL ENCYCLOPEDIA, THIS SAYS THAT THIS IS LIFE. BLOOD DOES THIS. BUT MY BROTHER AND SISTER, IF IT'S STILL ON THE PAGE, THEY'LL LAY THERE ON THE SIDE OF THAT ROAD AND BLEED TO death &gt;&gt; and life will slowly leave their body. LET US NOT MAKE this word OF GOD SOME KIND OF A DOGMA, some kind of a creed that we do, BUT LET IT BE LIFE to us. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm telling you, I it might offend some of you this morning, but I'm telling you, WE GOT TO GET OVER THE IDEA THAT, OH, WE BELIEVE THE MESSAGE OF THE HOUR. WE'RE OKAY. NO, YOU NEED TO KNOW JESUS CHRIST. THAT'S WHAT WE NEED. IT'S NOT TO HAVE BOOKS AND TAPES AND ACKNOWLEDGE GOD SENT A PROPHET IN THIS GENERATION. IT'S HAVING CHRIST IN YOU, THE BLOOD APPLIED IN YOU BRINGS you life. &gt;&gt; Amen. And we can hold on to ideology, MAKE A DOCTRINE, A DOGMA OUT OF IT, AND go straight to hell if that's not too strong for you. &gt;&gt; God help us. &gt;&gt; Now look, look what intellectual revelation will do. How do you feel about the Tower of Babel? Was the Tower of Babel false doctrine? Think about it before you answer. I'm here to tell you the Tower of Babel was not false doctrine. It was a revelation misapplied. Man had inspiration that he had a longing, a desire to rise into heavenly places. But it got twisted. It got taught wrong. It got put to them. We can do this. &gt;&gt; We can do this. We don't need to have a relationship with Jesus Christ to get into heavenly places. We can build our own. &gt;&gt; Did you know you can be a one person denomination? &gt;&gt; We can build our own idea thinking &gt;&gt; I can get into heavenly places my way. &gt;&gt; You know what's scary? somebody, you know, crazy crazy idea, just way off, and you say, "Oh, that's that's that's false. That's false doctrine." But you know what's scarier than false doctrine is having the truth misapplied. &gt;&gt; That's exactly right. One of the greatest challenges of our day is deception hidden in truth. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Now, you guys know I'm I'm a little weird about this and I'm sorry. Don't want to but I I go and I listen to different points of view and I don't really encourage you to do that. It's your decision if you want. But when you hear people saying, "Now, if you've heard my voice this morning, you have the Holy Ghost." &gt;&gt; You know, there's a truth to that. &gt;&gt; If you hear the voice, &gt;&gt; whose voice? That's it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It all depends on what voice you're listening to. &gt;&gt; So, you can't say, you know what, I'm not going to listen to any voices because there's a voice out there that wants to speak to you. And when that voice speaks to you and you realize where that voice come from, amen, we'll see through this scripture, right? The blood speaking. &gt;&gt; Cain and Abel. &gt;&gt; What was it? Oh, it'd be imagine Cain. He's sitting there thinking now how how did he know? And he said, "Your brother's blood crith &gt;&gt; from the earth. Spaketh from the earth." &gt;&gt; Amen. A scriptural example that the blood has a voice. And Christ Jesus is here today, my brother and sister, through the voice speaking to you and I. Oh Lord, help us to hear him. Amen. Amen. But look at this. Back to the Tower of Babel. See, not entirely a false thing. Man had no revelation of what God was calling them to do. Thought it was something that they could do. Maybe they caught a little glimpse of the word. Maybe somehow they had a little revelation of rising into heavenly places and said, "We can do this. I can do this." &gt;&gt; But I'm here to tell you, you can't do it. Amen. It's a gift from God in you that allows you to rise into heavenly places. It is not what we ourselves can do. I've been a Christian all my life, my brother and sister. I've seen men, and I'm not speaking ill of them. They were fine men, but they've their whole life, I've been a Christian my whole life, have a temper like a buzzsaw. &gt;&gt; Smash their hand and speak words that are unre repeatable and say, "I have the Holy Ghost." I'm here to tell you, this flesh will always be a pain to you, BUT THIS FLESH will become subject to the word of God. Amen. in the word of God will not speak bitter water out of a fountain that should have sweet water coming from it. &gt;&gt; Amen. And so we're there. What is the revelation that we have there? A man's revelation intellectual. Pardon me. I'm just filtering through a whole bunch of thoughts. For those of you computer oriented, just look at this. We think that trying to get in heavenly places looking back as I presented to you, the Tower of Babel. But do you realize that that's taking place today? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; You want to move forward. You want to serve God. you have a desire in your heart, make sure you have the Holy Ghost. That's right. &gt;&gt; Make sure you're obeying the word. Amen. And when you obey the word, God promised that he would lead you and guide you. &gt;&gt; And it's at that point, it's no longer what I can do. It's no longer what you can do. &gt;&gt; It's what he's doing in us &gt;&gt; that matters. And when we come to the place, we can see some really supernatural things. Let me boast upon the Holy Ghost for just a moment. Amen. We're over there in Europe and and uh I I preached to the church there and I I walked away from the service feeling like I had been a shotgun. Hit here and I hit there and I hit over here and I'm I'm thinking I got to get back to my notes. I try to get back to my notes and I just seemingly just once again and I get all done and the pastor was translating the service and we get in the back room and he says, "Man, Paul, that was amazing." I'm like, "Brother David, what's your definition of amazing? I shot over here and I didn't get a bird. I shot over here, didn't hit anything. Shot over here, didn't get nothing." He said, "You preached the foundation of every service I've preached in the last few weeks. You hid it." Oh, you mean it wasn't a disaster? Oh, no. I think the Lord ordained you to speak that. It reinforced everything I've been speaking to the church. Oh, okay. Okay. You mean I I just didn't totally wreck it? No, it was good. You see where we're at, saints? In man, we're thinking, "Oh, this is what I'm going to preach." God drags you off your notes and you talk about this, you talk about this, you talk about this, you talk about this. And in a man's mind, we think, "I messed up. What's wrong with me? I'm literally in the pulpit saying, "Lord, did I totally miss it while I was studying?" But then you realize sister comes to you after the service, shakes your hand. I've been reading that scripture, brother Paul. You think I should have I should have just said, "Yeah, praise God. I'm such a good preacher." I spent two days struggling. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; With Why couldn't I have just spoke that and knew what I was doing? But you see, the word never said Paul will lead you and guide you into all truth. &gt;&gt; Paul will do this. Paul will do that. &gt;&gt; Now, let me, speaking of Paul, let me go on and touch this before we dismiss. Amen. Hallelujah. Because I'm probably already late. Oh, right on the dot. So, I've got I've got a few more minutes. So, look at this. You see, as we'll look at this, we'll find in 2 Corinthians 12:7, we'll find that the Apostle Paul says, uh, "Lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations, &gt;&gt; there was given to me a thorn in the flesh." &gt;&gt; So now, can we interpret this? Paul is saying, "The things that God showed me put me right here in heavenly places." It was so far above what anybody else around me. Right? Remember Paul had his issues with Peter. &gt;&gt; Peter was saying, "You went outside the boundaries. What you're preaching about, buddy. You're way out there." And then Paul had to come and show Peter this wasn't me. This was him. And he says, "Unless I would be lifted up from the abundance of the revelations." Now, my brother and sister, I want you to catch this. What Paul received as revelation has every bit of it been revealed to you? Are you getting it? You guys are looking at me like, "What's that got to do with anything? I got a trigonometry test this next week, and what's that got to do with it?" Everything that was a supernatural revelation to Paul has been revealed to his bride, bride of Christ. Do you sit here today and go, "Oh my, I feel so lifted up because this has been revealed to me." Some do. And if you do, God will put a thorn in your flesh. But what we see the opening of the word as the Apostle Paul, it was revealed to him in that day. And he says the abundance of the revelations. I want to just ask you today, how many of you have an abundance of revelation that's been revealed to you? &gt;&gt; I would hope every hand in this building would be raised and say, I can count everything from the day the Lord got a hold of my heart to where I stand today. Abundance. It is not what we think. We're thinking big, deep things that are there on the marqu and the lights flashing. My brother and sister, when you wake up and realize that you can control the atmosphere around you by the words that you speak and what you believe. Amen. That's a revelation. When you realize that you as a son or daughter of God can many times we'll see mothers I this has been a personal experience to me. A sister called me up one time and says, "Oh, my little girl's got a fever. It's very hot." She said, "I'm not sure if my thermometer is right, but if it is, my baby girl has 107 uh fever." Now, we we know what 107 fever is. That's brain damage. &gt;&gt; And I said, "Sister, I can't come and lay my hands on your baby, but you can stand there as a daughter of God and lay your hands on that baby and say, "Lord, you said &gt;&gt; the sister let me know later." She said, "I I went in there and I laid my hands on my little girl and I prayed and in 40 minutes she was up playing with toys in the room." &gt;&gt; My brother and sister, there's a revelation that's been expressed. Amen. That the word is true. Amen. What we will follow if we'll follow the word and God will do that. Read your own Bible. Tell me how many times you've read your Bible. Something leaped off the page and you said, "I never saw that before." That's revelation in action. Amen. Not huge firecrackers going off, you know, not a band playing. It's God speaking to you. Amen. By the abundance of the revelation of Christ expressing himself to you. &gt;&gt; It's not about us raising men up. Now, I hope this don't sound too harsh, but why is it in the denominations of the age, the higher the position that people are put in, the finer the robes they want to wrap around that person. Even on a Saturday afternoon, you don't find a priest in blue jeans. Their church requires them to go out presented in a certain fashion of their office. Don't you ever try to put that on me. &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. God walks around in blue jeans. &gt;&gt; But you see, my brother and sister, what are they doing? By man's ideas, we're reaping heaping honor on these people by dressing them in these fine linens and all of this stuff. What are they trying to do? They're trying to imitate what the word says in Revelations 19. Amen. That this bride is clothed in the righteousness of Christ. That's the fine linen. Amen. Not some expensive dress or suit or whatever. The revelation that God has come and brought to you and I in this hour is the fine linen of God's word. He's dressing us in his righteousness. It's coming out of the word to you and I. It's not an external cloth that we wear. Amen. It's what our heart is clothed in. It's what our heart is wrapped in. That is the revelation God wants you and I to see today is it's not the external man. Even though what's on the inside will come to the outside. Amen. What you claim in your heart will appear on the outside, good or evil. Amen. But you look at this and realize God's wrapping his righteousness not around old filthy flesh. He's wrapping it around the soul of sons and daughters of God that he has predestinated from the beginning. And we walk and we will come to many plateaus in our life. Not a simple one or two steps, but you'll come to a place in your life. And God will reveal something to you and then you'll hear something in your soul say, "Step up a little higher. Come to the high calling &gt;&gt; in Christ Jesus." As long as we're just walking, praise God, I'm a believer. I'm a Christian. And you just walk. The flesh never changes. The attitude never changes. The atmosphere never changes. But I'm a Christian. No, you can't change until you step up a little higher. And as you step up higher into his presence, he will prepare you. This is something that I really, really appreciated. There was a little song and whatnot that was sung there in America. God doesn't call the qualified. He qualifies the called. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Don't think you can do it yourself. Let God &gt;&gt; make you qualified. And when you let him qualify you, you can walk in a boldness. Sister Ruth, if you'd come, you can walk in a boldness because he has revealed who you are. Not a story about what the blood can do. The blood can cleanse you. That's what the scripture says. Until it becomes real to you, you will have bitterness in your heart towards brothers and sisters. You will have manifestations of things that are not God's word. When he has washed you in his blood, it changes our life entirely. Amen. When we open up and allow him into our soul, it changes our life entirely. Who would like to be changed today? &gt;&gt; Amen. We're not sitting here saying you're sinners. No, don't misunderstand me. I'm not trying to make anyone feel like they're a sinner. I'm just telling you there's a higher calling. There's a higher place for us to rise up to. If you're in your church and your church is your absolute, there's only so high you can rise. But when Jesus Christ is your absolute, the word is your absolute, there's nothing going to stop you till you've risen to his level. Amen. And who wants to rise up to the level of our Lord Jesus Christ? Amen. Let's just stand. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you for your patience today. Amen. As we look at that, you see these mysteries, they're not something to be afraid of. Embrace them. This is God speaking to you. Amen. If it's a man speaking to you, then you'll see a man's results. But when it's God speaking to you, you will see the word bringing in you something like you never thought you could ever be. The person that deep inside you always longed to be but never thought you could be. And God says just follow me. I'll take you to that higher calling. Amen. Hallelujah. Saints, I just felt very strongly about this. Lord, don't let this word be, this word that's been opened, been brought in our day. Let's don't become tradition. Don't let it become head knowledge. Let it become life. &gt;&gt; Let it become what you know is true. I know my crazy analogy of the man laying on the highway, the person laying on the highway. But how thankful they are when the ambulance drives up and they say, "Hey, we've got blood expander. We can plug this hole in his body." Amen. Sister April shared with me one time a little situation. We won't go into it, but she's there doing her part, what she's called to do while those around him are are are are stopping this damage to this young man's body and the blood just running out. I forget how much it was just this incredible amount of blood they put in him, but they saved his life and the blood of Jesus Christ. Is it a one-time event? Is the anointing of the Holy Ghost just a one-time thing in our life? Not according to the word? Why don't we just come and jump into the pool this morning? You say, "But brother Paul, I haven't been sinning." It doesn't matter. A good washing. Amen. A good washing feels good. &gt;&gt; A hot shower, you might say, feels good. A washing by the water of the word. A coming back to the altar and saying, "Lord, I just like my life to step up a little bit higher. I want to I want to step up a little more consecrated life. I want you to reveal to me. I'm telling you, I was there privileged. They I wasn't part of their program, but they just pulled me in and we were there in the services with the young people. And afterwards to hear what the young people were saying, my brothers and sisters, I was also privileged and asked to be praying for those, not a big huge prayer line, but just just Brother Barry, Brother Eric, and then they invited me, I don't know why, to come and to pray for these young people. And I'll just be blunt with you. There were kids there, teenagers, early 20s, born and raised in the message of the hour, standing there saying, "I need deliverance." Pornography, cigarettes, alcohol, and drugs. I need deliverance. &gt;&gt; Whoa, whoa, whoa. You can't say that you were born in the message. No, no. He was desiring to be born in Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. not say he was born in some kind of a movement, some kind of a group, but he wanted to be born in Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. My brother and sister, I could go on several examples there that are that are there. Kids raised in church and it didn't save them. &gt;&gt; Help us, Lord. &gt;&gt; Help us, Lord. Lord, I lift my hand this morning and I say, Lord, I want you to cleanse me again, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, you've washed me. You've spoke to me. Lord, you've come so many times and anointed me. &gt;&gt; But Lord, one more time, I stand here and say, Lord, would you just please come by and speak to my heart? Just wash me, Lord, cuz I want to be wider than snow. I don't want to be just a good church person. I don't want to be able to explain your Bible or the message, Lord. I want to be able to live it. &gt;&gt; I want it to be real to me. &gt;&gt; Lord, take away my bitterness, my anxieties, my fears, my depressions. Lord, take away everything that's not you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Because Lord, I I'm longing in my heart to just step up a little higher. And Lord, when I take that final step, I just want to hear those words, "Well done. Well done, my good and faithful servant." If you feel this in your heart today, just lift your heart, lift a hand if you desire &gt;&gt; and say, "Lord, just come down. You promised to lead me to all truth, &gt;&gt; and I'm here today, Lord, to act upon that promise. Cleanse my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Cleanse my heart, oh God. May I be like you. &gt;&gt; You are my potter. I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is why I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Hallelujah. You see this word was not given to us for knowledge. Was not given to be a doctrine. It &gt;&gt; was given to be life. And we know that there's no growth unless there's something there to feed that growth. &gt;&gt; And for a Christian, the only thing that will make us grow spiritually is the word of God. &gt;&gt; Saints, pardon me. I just feel to say these things. If you haven't been in the word like you should, &gt;&gt; that's right. been too busy, too much trouble. Trouble in the family, trouble in your finances, trouble at work. I don't care what trouble it is. God don't care what trouble it is. We're the ones that carry what we we're the ones that say, "Well, because of this and this." God doesn't care. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Just put that to the side. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And say, "Lord, I just want to be closer to you. &gt;&gt; I want you to just help me to set everything to the side that's a hindrance in my life." Amen. Hallelujah. I got more here and I'm trying to resist uh reading this. Amen. But look at this, my brother and sister. When the Apostle Paul, once again, I want to just bring this. He says in Galatians 1:12, "For neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ." Amen. Let that be. what opens the word to you a revelation that come &gt;&gt; Amen &gt;&gt; from Jesus Christ. God bless you today saints. I trust amen that that it'll be something that would just bless your life. Amen. My I just that overpowering urge to just finish what you have for notes. Amen. Oh, Holy Spirit, thou art welcoming this place. Holy Spirit, thou art welcome in this place. Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace. Thou art welcome in this place. Lord in thy presence there's healing divine and no other power can save Lord but thine. Oh, Holy Spirit, thou art well. Come in this place. Thou art well. Come in this place. Amen. If one would feel like I maybe spoke a little too strong or something, I just want to tell you that when I was studying this thought, it actually was the Lord speaking to my heart. &gt;&gt; And was telling me, Paul, come up a little higher. &gt;&gt; You can do it, Paul. &gt;&gt; You can come up higher. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's the desire of my heart. I don't want to be a studio Christian. I don't want to be a Christian in name only. &gt;&gt; I want to be a real Christian. &gt;&gt; God bless you, saints. Amen. Pray you have a lovely day. Thank you. God bless you. Amen. As I was looking this morning, after the sermon just song pass me not oh gentle savior you know been reading in chronicles and I don't even remember the exact situation but whatever it was they humbled themselves before God and they they fell before him and you know and he came and he forgave them he's his mercy and his grace But then the last verse of the song, I've always loved it. Thou the spring of all my comfort more than life to me. Is that not the feeling of your heart this morning? Amen. Let's just sing this together. Pass me not, oh gentle Savior. Hear my humble cry. While on others I are calling. Do not pass me by. Saveior. Saveior. Hear my humble cry. While on others thou are calling. Do not pass me by. Let me at thy throne of mercy. Find a sweet relief. Kneeling there in deep contrition. Hell my unbelief. Saveior. Saveior. Hear my humble cry. While on others I would call holy. Do not pass me by. Turn trusting only in thy merit. Would I seek thy face? Heal my woundedly broken spirit. Save me by thy grave. Saveior. Saveior. Hear my humble cry. While on others I calling do not pass me by. Thou the spring of all my comfort, more than life to me. Whom have I on earth beside I thee? Whom in heaven but thee. Saveior. Saveior. Hear my humble cry. While on others I calling. Do not pass me by. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I just feel like worshiping him this evening or this morning. I don't sorry nothing without you. Take these hands and lift them up. For I have not the strength to praise you near enough. I am nothing. I have nothing without you. Take my voice and pour it out. Let it sing the songs of mercy I have found. I am nothing, Lord. I am nothing without you. And all my soul needs is all your love to sw me so all the world will see. I have nothing without you. Take my body and build it up. May it be broken as an offering of love. I am nothing. I have nothing. without you. Take my time here on this earth. Let it glorify you all that you are worth. For I am nothing. I have nothing without you. And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see I am nothing without you. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, we love you. Truly, we are nothing without you, Lord God. Without your Holy Spirit, Lord Jesus, all that we could ever do or hope to do is nothing. Oh God, Lord, I pray you go with these people today in a mighty way, Lord God. Lead them, guide them, direct them closer to you with each step, with each breath. Lord Jesus, each one of us, Lord God, I can't can't even express the desire in my heart sometimes to be closer to you, Lord Jesus. My words, they can't do it. Lord, bless each one this morning, Lord Jesus. Go with them, I pray in Jesus name. Amen.
