################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-17 - August 17, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett Gaining Focus In An Age Of Uncertainty - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-17
Title:   August 17, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett "Gaining Focus In An Age Of Uncertainty"
Speaker: Paul Haylett
Church:  Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Y5yHsjNmfU
========================================

Description:
Bro Paul Haylett
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
God bless you. Good evening. Um greet you all here. Good to have each one. Um not many of us, but I'll believe we'll have a good service. So let's um open with the song number 801. You are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure that I seek. You are my all in all. seeking you as a preious jewel. I want the Holy Ghost to rule. You are my all in all. Jesus, lamb of God. Worthy is your name. Jesus. Lamb of God, worthy is your name. Taking my sin, my cross, my shame. Rising again. I bless your name. You are my all in all. When I fall down, you pick me up. When I am dry, you fill my cup. You are my all in all. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, lamb of God. Worthy is your name. Amen. Let's go to number 404. Teach me Lord to wait down on my knees, telling your good time. You answer my plea. Teach me not to rely on others do, but to wait in prayer for an answer from you. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as he goes. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me, Lord. Teach me, Lord, to wait. Oh, teach me Lord to wait while hearts are a flame. Help me humble my pride and call on your name. Keep my faith renewed. Keep my eyes on thee. Help me be on this earth what you want me to be. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as he goes. They shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord, oh teach me Lord to wait. Sing that again. Oh, they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as he goes. They shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to wait. Amen. Like to try number 410. 410. See, see gone from my heart, the world and all its charms. Now through the blood I'm safe from all alarms. Down at the cross my heart is bending low. The preious blood of Jesus cleans me white as snow. I love him. I love him. Because he first loved me and purchase my salvation on Calary tree. Oh, once I was lost and weigh down deep in sin. Once was a slave to passions fierce within. Once was afraid to trust a loving God. But now I'm cleansed from every stain through Jesus blood. I love him. I love him because he first loved me and purchase my salvation on Calvary. tree. Once I was bound, but now I am set free. Once I was blind, but now the light I see. Once I was dead, but now in Christ I live to tell the world around the peace that he doth give. I love him. I love him because he first loved me and purchase my salvation on Calary. Trees tree. Let's sing again. I love you. Oh, I love you. I love you because you first loved me and purchase my salvation on Calary free. Amen. Number 321. As we prepare to go to prayer, he's already proided. He's already proided. Everything you need, he's already provided. Every proise you can claim, just ask it in his name. Everything you need, he's already provided. Sing that one more time. Oh, he's already proided. He's already proided. Everything you need, he's already proided. Every promise you can claim, just ask it in his name. everything you need. He's already proided. Amen. We're going to go to prayer and um let's remember sister Aaliyah not feeling well today. Um also sister Daria having some health issues and um tests being done for that. So, let's just remember them in prayer. The Dean Hart family traveling to the funeral and brother Isaac also traveling back home today from um a work trip and he also has a praise report that there were some medical tests that came back good. Um so, amen. That's always good to hear. God bless you. Um let's just go to prayer. Take these knees to the Lord. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we first of all just thank you for allowing us to gather here together, Lord. The few of us, but still feeling your presence, Lord, knowing that you are with us, just burning within our hearts, Lord. And we um just pray that your presence be known amongst us, Lord. That you bless us, Lord, this evening. And um and for these needs, Lord, we just all we can do is just bring them to you, Lord God. And we know that prayers change things and circumstances, Lord. And um I thank you Lord for these tests that came back good for brother Isaac. And u I I believe that the same will happen to sister Daria and u that everything will be well and um and that your healing virtue will touch her Lord God and and there will be nothing found wrong or or bad and we will give you all the praise Lord for that. We pray for those who are traveling, the Dean Hart family as well as brother Isaac coming home tonight, Lord. And uh we just commit everything to your hands, Lord Jesus. Ask that you have your way with us this evening. Bless bless my brother Paul as he will speak to us, Lord. Um and soften our hearts to receive. We commit everything to your hands, Lord. We love you and we thank you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. as we uh invite brother Paul let's sing listen to our hearts uh that's number 969 how do you explain how do you describe the love that goes from east to quest and runs as deep as it is wide. Oh, you know all our hoes. Lord, you know all our fears. when words could not express the love we feel. But we long for you to hear. Listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. When words are not enough to tell you of our love, just listen to our hearts. Let's stand together as we sing this. If words could fall like rain from these lips of mine. And if I had a thousand years, I would still run out of time. So if you listen to my heart, every beat will say, "Oh, thank you for the life. Thank you for the truth. Thank you for the way. Just listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. The song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are when words are not enough to tell you of our love. Just listen to our heart. Listen to our hearts. Here our spirits sing. A song of praise that flow from those you have redeemed. We will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. Words are not enough to tell you of our love. Listen to our heart. Amen. And isn't it wonderful when we don't know how to put it to words, the Lord just lays it in our heart and our heart as he looks upon our heart, our heart is speaking to him. Amen. Well, not much of a crowd here to welcome Brother Luke, Sister Jennif Jennifer, and the family, but uh God bless you, Brother Luke, Sister Jennifer, and kids. Uh we're just glad to welcome you. Amen. Glad to be a part of it. Amen. So let's just go right into our thought tonight. Um I just want to uh just a very simple thought. Thank you musicians. That's beautiful music. Amen. Appreciate that. The strength to believe uh fully persuaded. Amen. That that strength that we need to live in this day comes from being fully persuaded. It's it's like natural uh decisionmaking processes. the more that we waver back and forth, the more mental energy it takes from us, the more uh laborious it is. And uh we just want to go into Romans the 4th chapter starting with verse 15. And we'll just draw a little bit out of out of this uh tonight. Uh because we know where our strength to believe comes from. But sometimes we feel like that we ourselves are are the ones that are are exerting this energy to believe. But uh where where we stand today uh is uh fully from the word of God. It's it's the word that is our fortress. It's our strength. It's our guide. It's everything we need. Romans 4:15. Because the law workketh wrath, for where no law is, there is no transgression. Therefore, it is of faith that it might be by grace to the end the promise might be sure to all seed. Amen. And I I would like you to just repeat that to yourself. To all the seed. Amen. Not to that only which is of the law, but also that which is of the faith of Abraham, who is the father of us all. As it is written, I've made thee a father of many nations before him whom he believed, even God, who quickened the dead, and calleth those things uh which be not as though they were. Who against hope believed in hope, that he might become the father of many nations, according to that which was spoken, so shall thy seed be. And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body now dead when he was a hundred years old, neither yet the deadness of Sarah's womb. He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in faith, giving glory to God, and being fully persuaded that he what he had promised, he was able also to perform. Therefore is imputed to him for righteousness. Now it was not written for his sake alone that it was imputed to him, but for us also to whom it shall be imputed if we believe on him that raised up Jesus our Lord from the dead who was delivered for our offenses and was raised again for our justification. Heavenly Father, we just ask you just to bless this thought tonight, the reading of your word. Lord, where the saints might be tonight. We don't know many of the circumstances, but we would just ask you to meet with them, speak to them, encourage them. Father, we ask this in your precious name. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Now, as we'll look at this, we recognize that we're living in a day that um every single day there's a challenge. There's spirits of the age that are there. There is the frailty of our own human flesh, uh a weakness of our own minds. But God is pouring into you and I, the strength to believe. It is not something that we ourselves are able to say, I'm just going to believe. But Satan knowing that he can wear away at the human element and bring it to a place that as the scripture says, uh, not to be weary and welloing. and and Satan knows he can just continue to pound us and break us down. But there is a strength that has just continually been poured into us. And I believe every one of us would be able to say amen to that that even in our weakest times, there's something that pours into us that that uh suddenly uh we we say I can do this. when we think what we're on the verge of giving up, uh something is poured into us and and we stand up again with renewed vigor and press forward and and uh this is uh you know the moving of the Holy Spirit. It's what God has come. And he says, "When your when your strength is done, when your ability is done, I'll step in because you're my seed and I called you and and I have made a way for you." And and uh you know, think about the scripture says the way has been made smooth before us. And think of the challenges we face and we think there's such insurmountable so difficult challenge and God says, "I made it smooth for you." So just think of what would be before us if the Lord was not here to to take of that and uh and make that way for us. And the word has come and you know people uh you know um I'll just say this so you'll have a little context just uh um some critical things being have been written even against this church and and spread on the internet and and you look at that and on one side you would say oh my this is so discouraging but on the other side it's the fulfillment of the word and uh the word is not here for us to stand and war against this individual or against this individual or something that's been written out into the internet. But my brother and sister, we're here to deal and let the word speak to our soul. It's not what these people think. It's not what they think. It's what God thinks. And we stand here today according to the word. And and as we are here by the word, I don't know about you, but I believe I can speak with this much confidence. The word comes continually speaking to us in little words and little things and little scriptures and little quotes and and things just coming that he's just reassuring us, reminding us and encouraging us that that we're still in his will. We're still walking in his word. And you know, no matter what the world out here would think, just think about if we had been walking with Jesus in those days and and we were looking at it and we're saying, "We know this is the Messiah. We know this is the one that we've been looking for. And a man would come up and say, "You're Beelzebub. You're prince of devils. You You're evil. Uh you're a deceiver." And you know, we would feel, I believe, the same emotions. So, we look back into those days and those that were around Jesus would have felt the same, you might say, crushing blow as it would be of like, "How could they say this?" But you see, they were anointed of that. But the real believer in that day just stood there and said the evidence is so insurmountable that whatever their opinion of uh of Jesus is it it doesn't outweigh the evidence that has been given to us and and you would have to as it were shake it off and press forward because it's not about what they have to say right they said that he was be elub and uh in their mind they were completely accurate it. They They were certain that they had all the facts lined up. We've studied the scrolls. We've studied the prophets. We've studied everything and everything points that you're not him, but yet it was him standing there in their midst. And we'll look at this that we come to a time like that that maybe little things happen in our life and and we we feel like we have failed and we stagger under that, but something is then poured into us that gives us the strength to believe. And I believe that's why we're still standing today. It's not because we're such great strong people. It's not because we have exceptional mental powers or great exceptional physical strength. But it is the fact that God continues to pour into us and every day he's just pouring more into us and the word is speaking to the soul. Now my brother and sister, the scripture says that that Abraham was not weak in faith. Yet he had challenges. As we we look at this, we will see the challenges that he faced. And even in those you might say scripturally that there was some failure on Abraham's part. He he decided that maybe okay maybe Hagar is the answer and and he went that direction. But my brother and sister ultimately in the end God poured into him and Abraham was able to then believe and God never counted his unbelief against him. He said I'm looking at the picture that says you believe. And so it's there that we'll look at that and and the word verse 21 says being fully persuaded. What he had promised he was able to perform. And I believe we could say amen tonight to it. What God has promised in our our day, our our hour, he is able to perform that. And he is here performing that even to the point as we read scripture the other day that God is the answer on the way even before we ask the question. And how many times we see of that things that have been spoken through the ages. Amen. Recorded in the scripture, recorded in the message. And we come today and it is so applicable to the hour that we live in now. And so, you know, my brother and sister, we'll look at this and realize that this bride of this day because God is pouring into her. I hear it many times. People make statements like, "If I just had more faith." Well, what you need to do is believe that the faith that God has poured into you is sufficient. It is not leaving you in a negative uh uh position, a deficit, but he's poured into you what we need to overcome in this day. because God's not going to have a bride in this day that is weak in faith. Amen. And so, how many times we would say, "Well, you know, uh I I I just uh I struggled with something. I kind of failed at something." And and we would look at ourselves as having uh come short of that. But, you know, Abraham, he staggered not because of unbelief. And yet we'll see the very attributes that he uh displayed, decisions that he made. This is my sister, not my wife. That that would we would in our lives say, "Man, I I really really made a huge mistake here because I I just lied to the man." And God didn't come back later and say, "Well, I guess the promise is void because you you wanted to protect your flesh." Uh-huh. &gt;&gt; Is it not a human element that we often times, you'll see this when when situations come and and people have to tell the truth of the story? You know, we we structure I think is what they call that. And we tell the story in such a way that we don't look quite so bad. &gt;&gt; Have you ever done that? &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. You tell this story in such a fashion that it was, you know, pardon me to put it this way, but this is the closest relationships. It was the husband, it was the wife, maybe it was the children, and possibly if we get extreme, it could have been the pastor. It's not my fault. It's got to be someone else's besides me. Here's Abraham. He goes to this and and crafts this in such a fashion that he's only motive is to spare his own life. He's sure that the king is going to take his life to gain this beautiful young woman who wasn't young but in a body change had become young. Now look at the maturity that God's bringing in us. We come to the point Abraham knew he'd done wrong. And look what God does. He doesn't come back to Abraham and say, you know, I'm going to strike you dead for what you just did. He goes back to the king and says, "You lay a hand on her and you're dead." Now, the king says, "Look, you know, Lord, I'm a righteous man. You know that I I I love you and and I I" And God says, "That's why I'm giving you this chance." And so while Abraham's the one who told the story, God brings the king to be the one to correct it all. And now look at what's happening in our lives. We don't want to use this as an excuse to to say, "Well, God will make the other people straighten this all out." But look how God looks at this. He's he's not looking at us as the transgressor. He he looks at the whole picture and says, "You know what? because of these things, this is what has happened. And so we're here and what we might interpret as staggering from unbelief. God is not looking at it in that sense. God is looking at this because he knows that ultimately you will come back around and he will put everything back in order. And so as we'll look in Romans 8 and35 through39, we'll see how as we see there in in the fourth chapter, uh we will see how that that this is coming. God laying a a platform of who we are. Now by Romans the 8th chapter, the apostle Paul speaking to the Romans is bringing more clarity and and he says, "Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? shall tribulation or distress or persecution or famine or nakedness or peril or sword. As it is written, for thy sake we are killed all the day long. We are counted as sheep for the slaughter. Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors. So God's not saying, look, you've suffered here. You've come short here. You failed at that. You didn't fully express or take a halt of faith here. you didn't apply the word over here and and you're you're just uh you know uh staggering along as a halfdefeated people. But the Apostle Paul speaking to a people that are facing the exact same tests and trials as we are in this day, the trial of their age. And he's bringing the word out and says, "Nay, in all these things, we are more than conquerors." Because he's looking beyond where we are right now to the promise. And the promise says that this will come to pass in you. Amen. And we believe that. And as we express that, God is pouring into you and I the strength to believe. Now, when I'm talking about believe, my brother and sister, I'm not putting it, oh, giving me the strength to believe the message is true. Oh, I I'm I'm going beyond that. I'm talking about pouring in you to believe that the word of God, the scripture, the message, however you want to put it, is for you. It is you. It is you he called. It is you that's manifested. It's you he will bring it forth in. It's the life that he promised to you. And you've got to come to the place that when you read that, your mind does not go, but I did this and I said that and I come short and will God help me because I did that. Forgive me, Lord. Oh, this man malfunctioned. Is God punishing me for this? No. My brother and sister, we need the strength to believe. This promise is immutable. This promise is not going to change. This promise is going to carry us through every challenge, whether it's the plains of Mamry, whether it's down in the city, whether it's down to Sodom, wherever it might be, this promise will never go away. God's not going to rescend it. He's not going to let it expire, but this promise is real. And this is the strength we need to believe. Not that God sent a prophet in this hour. People can read the scripture. If they don't want to accept it, they don't have to accept it. It's not really about that, but it's what the word says. So, when you start to cut out one section of the Bible because you don't want to believe it, where are you going to stop cutting? We're here by the word of God, by the grace of God, the Holy Spirit is moving upon us, not just to believe God sent a prophet. That's good. That's well, that's beautiful. But it's for us to be able to read every promise that's in this book and say, "That is me." Amen. Whether it comes down as simple as I I need healing, I'm already healed. I need deliverance, I'm actually already delivered. I need a blessing of some kind, I'm already blessed. Amen. Do not believe that it might happen. It could possibly happen. But to believe the promise says it is already a finished work. It's already the word having come to you and I in this day. And the God is speaking through. He speaks through the prophet. He speaks through ministers. He preach speaks through the reading of the word. And when we hear that and we believe that and we say amen to that, just as it was, we use had Wright for an example. Amen. As she thought in her heart, you know, she's thinking of the beauty of what brother Brandham was just talking about. And she says, "This is nothing but the truth." And God unlocked an incredible blessing upon her. And she didn't have a great revelation. She had no education to go by. She had nothing to fall back. I My brother and sister, what we have in the day we live in is so many educated people. They're looking here and they say, "Well, we can't fully understand what the word means until we've learned the Aramaic and the Greek and this and that." Well, that means some of us will never ever even have a clue what God is saying. But I tell you what God does. He comes by word. Amen. He comes by revelation and he gives you and I the strength that some things we don't fully understand, but we got the strength to say, "Amen. I believe that." And we trust God and step out on that. And the minute that we trust God, he gives us the strength to believe it and we step out on it, the prophet of God says God will bring that to pass in your life. Amen. And that's what we need. Not to have a second guessing, not to have a a question of what if, what if, what if, but to look at the word of God and say, God spoke it. Amen. Man might have pinned it, but God spoke it. And when we believe that and step out on that, he's pouring into us the strength to believe that it will come to pass. And I thank God for that. Amen. Because when I read this, I I I I can't speak for you this evening, but when I read this and I read this that we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. My brother and sister, I don't detect one single reason to doubt, one single reason to fear, one single reason to back up. I'm more than a conqueror. Amen. It's not enough just to say, "Hey, I'm overcoming this." But to move beyond that. Amen. As I've shared with the church here many times, I used to have the mentality if I could just crawl into heaven. Hands and knees, fingernails dug in, drag myself across the threshold, I would be happy. But one day, God spoke to my heart. Amen. I'm more than a conqueror. I'm not going to crawl and crawl and drag myself across the threshold into heaven, my brother and sister. I'm going to walk like a soldier of God. Victorious. Amen. In who I am because I'm more than a conqueror. Amen. I'm not a defeated man who's just barely making it by the grace of God. Even though we know that God's grace is the only reason we will make it. Amen. So it's uh persuaded that neither death nor life nor angels nor principalities nor powers nor things present nor things to come nor height nor depth or any other part of creation any other creature any other part of creation shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. You know, it takes a real revelation to believe that scripture right there that there is literally not one thing on the earth today will keep you &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; from stepping through that promise, stepping through the veil. We we we preach it. You have to preach it that way, right? People are in different stages of maturity and you have to preach it in the way that we do. You know, make your calling and election. Sure. But you see, when God starts to pour it into the heart and you're able by God's grace to say amen to that word, God says it's already finished. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And in that position of already finished, we should now stand and confess it's finished. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Not looking like what if tomorrow I make a mistake. I like the little statement. I have no idea who who made this, but the statement says something on the order of when God made the plan of redemption, he factored in our stupidity. You have to really find a little humor in that that he already accounted for us. It's not a shock to him that we make bad decisions and we stumble over things and and say things we shouldn't say and do things we shouldn't do. It's not like it shocks God like we would be like God knew. He factored that in already. Now to be fully persuaded, very simple definition, completely convinced. So if there's even a nagging doubt, right, wherever condemnation's at, it robs us of our liberty, right? &gt;&gt; So condemnation is a good tool that Satan has because it is now coming in and it brings us to a place that we'd say, I'm fully persuaded. I believe this. But condemnation puts this little slight sliver in there that stops us from fully implementing. And this is, you know, I mean, how do we deal with condemnation? My dad many years ago, our sister, I don't know what it was like from where she come from, but my dad many years ago in the military, flew into different places in South America. And uh because he was a simple airplane mechanic, when the diplomats were doing their things, he was given time to just be able to go and look around. And in Bogota, Colombia, he come across a place where there was a Catholic church up on a a high like 40 or 50 steps. And there were people, the steps were jagged, carved stone. And the people would stop at each step and pray pretty much the same prayer from their rosary and then move to the next step and repeat it all again. And by the time they got to the top steps, their knees were a bloody mess. And so these steps were stained in blood. And they thought that's what it took to find repentance, to find acceptance in the eyes of God. Aren't you glad that by revelation, God has given us the strength to believe that our prayer of repentance is sufficient to take and move us into the presence of God. And you see, they were sincere people. You can't tell me that if you go 50 steps and crawling on this jagged rock, this rough rock, that you're not a sincere person. But you see, that wasn't what God was looking for. He was looking for a heart that had strength to believe that the prayer of repentance was sufficient to move them forward. And if God would give us the revelation to have a prayer of repentance and know that our slate has been wiped clean, then how it would be for us to have the strength to believe that we as the bride of Jesus Christ have found favor in the eyes of Almighty God that he literally said, "I will lead you and I will guide you into all truth." It's something that we got to hold on to. Amen. Now, you might wonder, where are you coming from, brother Paul? Well, some of this stuff that has been spoken kind of a little bit ill against the message, a little bit ill against this church, a little bit ill against myself, my brother and sister, you see what they're doing is trying to cast the seed of doubt &gt;&gt; to mankind, to humanity. But I'm telling you that when God give us the strength to believe this word, no seeds of doubt, no seeds of fear, no seeds of of Satan are going to cause the bride of Jesus Christ to pull back from what she knows she has conquered. Amen. Through the grace of God, we are conquerors. Amen. And so that is not going to cause us to pull back. We are going to be fully completely convinced. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And that's what it's going to take to actually make the rapture. We're going to have to be I don't care what age from our youngest that is here tonight to the eldest which is probably myself. No, Dad. Thank you, Dad, for saving me from that position. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; It don't matter which position we're in. We have to be completely convinced of who we are, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And when we're completely convinced of who we are, then when we read the word, we can actually take and pull those nuggets out and apply them to our life. You know, it it's there that when we look at that, reminds me of a brother that I know, I won't name his name, years ago. We had some kids in his in his uh classes uh in the school, Sunday school stuff and they were struggling in their their schoolwork at school. And uh one of the young people come to him after a Wednesday night service and said, "Brother, I I'm pretty certain I'm going to fail this test." And he said, "You know what? What we're going to do is we're going to pray that God gives you a sound clear mind. And this this young person, teenager, struggling to remember all of this facts, figures, all this information. They prayed, went to school the next day, took the test. No, they didn't get an a perfect score or anything like that, but they passed resoundedly. The next Sunday they gathered every school child to the front of the church and prayed for their and their schoolwork and they saw a marked increase in their grades. Now my brother and sister, you say, "But but that's just school." No, that's the power of God fulfilling his word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. When he said that I would provide for you, that I would do all this, he's not talking about the basic things here. He's talking about what's important to you. He's talking about what you need in your life that he is there to provide it for you. Now, I want to just read here and and kind of conclude this service tonight uh with a couple quotes. They're a little bit lengthy as we go on to uh putting on the whole armor of God. Uh and uh then we'll go to influence after that. Do we not have that, Sister Rachel? Whole armor. Somehow we skipped over that. Okay. Not the end of the world. Don't worry about it. Putting on the whole armor of God. 1962. Amen. Brother Brandham says this. Then if he's got to judge the world by some standard, why this? He watched over it. So it's just the way it ought to be. So I just believe it like that. Now when you take what brother Bram says here in paragraph 55, what the world is, it's just the way it ought to be. So I want you to look out today upon this whole world that we're living in. And it is just exactly what it ought to be for this day. Let's not waste one bit of our time saying if this was different, if that was different, our children going back to school, you know, um uh if that was if if things were different. No, my brother and sister, the Holy Ghost in your kid will prepare your child to go to that school and be an overcomer, victorious, more than an overcomer in that school because this is the world and it's just exactly how it ought to be. this is what it's got to come to. So, I just believe it like that. Just read it. Say, "Yes, Lord." And I believe when we believe God, every time God says anything, we punctuate it with an amen. That's right. Whatever God said, he said, "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever." Now, somebody would say, "Well, in a way, uh-uh. Amen." If he said, "Repent and be baptized and receive the Holy Ghost." Amen. See, he said the just shall live by faith. Amen. And he said, "I will come again." Amen. Whatever he says, the Holy Spirit inside of us, just punctuate it with an amen. See, then look for the next thing. See, that's wonderful that we can have faith like that. Now, God's poured in the strength for you and I that whatever the word has said, we can say amen to it. Even our saying amen might seem like a conflict with our current situation. Are you going to believe your situation or you going to believe the word? See, God pours a strength into us for us to be able to say amen to the word knowing the word will overcome our circumstance. Then look for the next thing. See, it's wonderful that we can have faith like that. Now, the reason I know it's right because God said over in the book of Revelation, "Whosoever shall take one part out of this book or add one part to it, oh my, that must be what he's going to judge the world by then." Oh, you say he's going to judge it by Christ. He is the word. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Can't get away from it. Ties it right back again. He is the word. Now, I just want to interject this because I I've been studying and looking through different things of what uh different denominations are saying and and whatnot. And we're seeing, my brother and sister, what we used to think was the mainstream uh stick with the Bible kind of uh religions are are now, you might say, passing certain rules that are saying it's going to be okay if we step away from the Bible into this position because we believe this is defensible. But my brother and sister, the minute we step away from the word to pick up anything else as our absolute, now you you'd say, "What is the absolute?" Well, the prophet of God over and over again said the word of God is the absolute. &gt;&gt; He says Jesus Christ is the absolute. He turns around and says Jesus is the word. And so as we'll look at this, we'll find that we have to come to a place that we have this absolute and it never changes. Amen. Now you look at this. You can't get away from it. Ties it right back again. He is the word. So now we know that the word is true. And if you say you have Christ and don't don't believe this word, there's something wrong with you uh what you've got cuz the word is right. Yes, sir. It's got to be the word. &gt;&gt; Now you think about that. Why do you hold the word as an absolute but the man down the street doesn't? Because God's poured in you the strength to say amen to that word. And then your body, your revelation, your understanding of the word now responds to the amen when you said that word is true. Did that make it easy for us to live? Does it make it easy always for us to manifest that? No. My brother and sister, I don't know about you, this flesh when they say this is your greatest enemy. I'm sorry. I don't even like to get up and look in the mirror in the morning because uh as one brother one time said I I used to get up in the morning and say good morning enemy. And then he said I realized one day when the minister preached that your body will obey your confession. He said why am I declaring myself my own enemy? I want to be a friend of God and I believe I'm filled with the Holy Ghost. And he said I quit saying that. But you look at this we realize that we are our own worst enemy. It's not the world out here. It's how we respond to the world. Amen. Now, there's something wrong with you cuz the word is right. See, it's got to be the word. Now, we find out that God gave his children the best. Does any of you have the best? I believe we have the best. Amen. Now, it might not be the best car, the best clothes, the best house, but that's not what he's here to redeem. Amen. He's gi us the word. The word is here and the word is exactly what we need. God gave his children best. Therefore, he don't have to improve it. He just never changes. He hasn't changed one bit since the first time he gave for his children's protection. Now, when he knew there was a war in heaven, he had to kick out Satan. Then he come down to earth and fortified his children with his word. I want to ask you something. Just think now. Eve did not. While she was standing in this great fortress of his word, Satan was on the outside trying to use some kind of a technique to get her out of there. For as long as she stayed behind the word, everything was fine. &gt;&gt; And so we see that how it is. The prophet of God told us, just stay in the word, Satan can't get to you. I'm paraphrasing this because if he gets to you and you're in the word and he gets to you, he'll be your brother. Now imagine the devil is not going to push too hard under the protection of the word if it means he has to repent and get baptized. He's just not going to do it. He can't do that. He doesn't have the strength to submit to the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He you'd you can give a lot of reasons of what, but it really actually comes down. This is Satan's weakness. He's not strong enough to submit. But God has given us you strength to submit to the word &gt;&gt; and come under the blood. That's not a weakness. The world says, "Oh, you have religion as a crutch." But they have crutches. And their crutches are much bigger than your crutch. But ours is not really a crutch. It's who we are. &gt;&gt; It's what we were made to be. And then because we step into our position, God brings it about about. Amen. So as we look at this, I liked this quote because we'll find amen that when we say amen to the word, it immediately starts to have an impact on us. It starts to change us the very minute. Amen. There's some medicines that when you take them within just a little bit of time, it's flowing through your body, you know, maybe a uh some kind of uh uh I can't even think of what you call it. Um a moxicylin or something like that, you know, and immediately it's it's it's going into your body and it's starting to do its job. That's what the word does. And then when we consume the word, when we embrace the word, it immediately goes to work in our life. Now, my brother and sister, it takes a little bit of time to come to pass, but God starts to work immediately. Amen. That's why it doesn't say in Acts 2:38, "Repent, be baptized. In 18 months, you shall receive the Holy Ghost." That word when you activate it starts to work immediately. And that's the beauty of taking God at his word, at his promise. Lord, give us the strength to believe. Amen. Now, we'll have uh we'll have the words for this here, the quote influence. And uh sorry to to have all this reading, but I just thought it was very good. Now, it says now what a real servant that is of God. Note, show the prophet how his prepared servant should be. What should be prepared? Uh what should be prepared servant be? Now these servants look he had looked at a man on earth here to see what a failure he made. Then God showed him the kingdom of heaven a throne. That's the one to look at. He then he showed him what a real servant ought to be that he served in his presence. And here was these seraraphims. men covered their holy faces, covered their feet, and with two wings they went into action. Reverent, humble, and in action. Amen. If that isn't a dressed up servant, I don't know what it is. Reverent, humble, and in action. Amen. It takes strength, my brother and sister, to take this word and put it in action. &gt;&gt; Amen. They say that a a good habit is formed and a bad habit is formed and they put certain amount of time to each one of those. I don't want to misquote that. It takes longer to get rid of a habit than it does to create it. But you see, it's the time that we put into that. We'll talk about a good habit. Amen. But after 30 days, you you have a shift in your thinking and you do that. And I I would say and speaking to myself here, Lord, let us apply this to our our own life. give us the strength in our own life to be reverent. Now look at the broad spectrum of being reverent. It's not just reverent to God, but actually being respectful to one another. You cannot have an attitude towards your brother or sister and and say, "Praise God, I've got the Holy Ghost. I'm anointed, but I just I had a man tell me this once. He said, "Praise God, I love this church. I love the pastor. I hate that person right there." And I'm just like, I think my conversation with you is over. Cuz what can you say to a man that would actually express that in the house of God there's somebody sitting on a pew that he hates? Needs It's time to repent. It's time to get the bitterness out. It's time to get the envy and the strife out. It's time to let the strength of the word come in and wash those things from us. Amen. So, I I want to be I can speak for myself. Uh, I want to be reverent, humble, and in action. Oh my, I tell you, like a little woman at the well, when she recognized that gift of God and this man that spake was the Messiah, it sure put her in action right quick. Now, I want to ask us a question. There's not too many of us here tonight. If the woman in the well came to church here tonight, how would we approach her? How would we look at her? How would we speak to her? Could we accept her? Remember in those days she couldn't even go to the well at the same time that all the respectable women went to the well. She had to go in the off time. And when Jesus said, "I have needs to go to Samaria," he knew by discernment of the Holy Spirit exactly what time she would walk up to that well. How perfect that is. Let's think about this saints. Maybe the day will come that that woman will walk in this church. &gt;&gt; Don't look at it as an accident. Look at it like what she is doing here. Oh my. But let's look at it as God's perfect timing. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And give us the strength to look at that and say this could well be a Rahab. This could be a woman at the well. This could be of those of that nature. And it's God's perfect timing. Let us be in God's perfect timing. Not look back and say, "Wished we would have treated them nicer." Let's be in the word, in the atmosphere, and when they come, be God's hands, his feet. So, you know, many people in that day wondered why in the world Jesus would have anything to do with that girl. But he knew when she recognized that gift of God, this man that spoke was the Messiah. It sure put her in action right quick. She forgot about her water pot. She ran in the city saying, "Come see a man who's told me the things I've done. Isn't this the very Messiah?" Oh, what an action she went into. Peter, when he took him at his word, as we was speaking this morning out there in the boat, did you notice when Peter took his word and dropped the net down in there and caught the big load of fishes, the multitude of fishes, quickly Peter left the net and got into action. Before he done that, he fell down before the Lord and said, "Depart from me, oh Lord. I'm a sinful man." If that is not the very words like Isaiah the prophet said, "Woe is me, for I've seen the Lord God and a man of unclean lips." Don't you see what the presence of the Lord does to real believers? God, give us the strength to respond correctly when the presence of the Lord comes in our midst. Not to walk out and say it was just a good service, but to respond correctly. When the Holy Spirit speaks to hearts, speaks to our heart, let us be quick to say, Lord, I'm here to receive it. speak to my heart. Then he goes and says, "We don't even want to confess. We just want to say, well, we are Pentecostal. We are Baptists. We're Presbyterians. We're message believers." Oh, that wasn't in the quote, was it? And live on. But a real genuine called servant of God humbles himself in the presence of God. He doesn't criticize it. Look who criticized the Lord Jesus was the Pharisees, the secretarianism. They was the one who criticized him. But but the man who is really willing to be his servant, humbled himself, went into action. Jesus says, "You'll follow me. I'll make you fishers of men." When he saw that the action really was God, uh when he saw that that really was God, he went into action. The blind man that was healed, the Bible said he scattered his fame throughout the country abroad. He went to action when he found out that God had representative here on the earth that could open the eyes of a blind man was going around testifying, giving God praise. And the Pharisees caught him and what it was going to be to him. And as I said this morning, why he said, "I can't explain. I can't argue theology with you, but this one thing I know wherein once I was once blind, I now see. He was into action certainly because he had scattered his fame everywhere. And sometimes maybe you're not a minister to scatter his fame, but your life will scatter his fame if you'll just live right. Amen. I pray tonight, probably the shortest sermon I've preached in decades, but I pray tonight that we would actually accept the strength God has given us. We were talking, having a little conversation about times that we have made mistakes and maybe felt we should witness and we felt apprehensive and we didn't follow through. I'd pray the Lord just give us strength to live it and do the right thing when the situation is such that we would just have the courage to say, you know what, I'm not going to worry about what the world thinks of me. I'm not going to worry about what's happening around me. If this person is talking about they have a need in their life, I'm going to tell you, I have the answer for you. I'm going to say it with boldness. It's Jesus Christ. Lord, let that strength be in us as the kids are going to be going back to school here very shortly. Uh some even started already today. Uh let it be a season that God would come and anoint them with the strength to stand in this day and be those little epistles of God to be read of all men. You say, "You know, brother Paul, they're just children." But I can introduce you to a few people that their children actually led people to the Lord. Children 12, 13, 14 years old witnessed in the school and people were saved because of a child's witness. &gt;&gt; Theirs where God poured strength into a child that they were bold to say, "Jesus Christ is a savior. He's a healer. He's peace. He's comfort. He's our fortress. They didn't have to explain the ins and out of theology, but from their heart, they had a boldness just to express Jesus Christ is the answer. And I pray that God would just let us find that strength as a group of believers to share this gospel. We have had people coming into the church, visiting the church. We've baptized a few people. We We have I'm going to I'm going to be confident and say we've had a sister who's now come for probably seven or eight weeks. Uh just sits back there, cries, nods her head yes. Amen. Older sister. What we want to do is so live this gospel boldly that she will realize, I need this. Let's not be that timid sheep that backs away that we don't want to offend them. If they're the bride of Christ, we can't offend them as long as we are not offensive. Amen. God, give us strength to take a hold of this promise. Say amen when we should say amen. Amen. As the scripture says, yay and amen. I believe it. We are the bride of Christ. I don't care what Sadducees say. I don't care what Pharisees say. I don't care what the Herodians say. I don't care what the, so to speak, theologians of our day say. They've got nothing to offer. I I'm just uh still human enough. If you're going to give me a pitch, you better have something to offer me. &gt;&gt; Amen. What you have is garbage. What are you trying to give me? If what I have is garbage, give me something better. But when they want to give you less and cause you to give up what you have, that is a unclean spirit. &gt;&gt; Amen. Stand on the word because if God's going to lead you to something better, he'll take you to his word to lead you to something better. Amen. Sister Vika, would you come please? Musicians. Amen. Brother Alex. Amen. You see, our answers are in the word and our leadership is in the word and our strength comes from the word. Amen. Let that be our answer in this day. Lord, give us more strength to believe. Let's sing that little song. Maybe stand. I don't know what brother Alex might have on his heart, but I just uh looking at that song 487. Sister Rachel Hosanna, I just want this to be what my life would reflect. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, magnify the Lord with me for he is worthy to be praised. Oh, magnify the Lord with me for he is worthy to be praised. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh, glory, glory to his name. For he reigns forever more. Glory, glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever more. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. ation. Jehovah Gyra is his name for he proideth all my needs. Jehovah Gyra is his name for he provideth all my needs. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Amen. Um, maybe we can sing that song. Um, it's called Victory Ahead if you can find it. I think it's the same key. When the hosts of Israel led by God round the walls of Jericho softly draw, trusting in the Lord, they felt the conqueror's tread. By faith they saw the victory ahead. Victory ahead. Victory ahead through the blood of Jesus. Victory ahead. Trusting in the Lord, I hear the conqueror tread. By faith, I see the victory ahead. David with the shepherd's sling and five stones. Met the giant on the field all alone. Trusting in the Lord, he knew what God had said. By faith, he saw the victory ahead. Victory ahead. Victory ahead. Through the blood of Jesus. Victory ahead. Trusting in the Lord, I hear the conquerors tread. By faith I see the victory ahead. Daniel prayed unto the Lord thrice each day. Then unto the lion's den led the way. Trusting in the Lord he did not fear or dread. By faith he saw the victory ahead. Victory ahead. Victory ahead through the blood of Jesus. Victory ahead. Trusting in the Lord, I hear the conqueror shred. By faith, I see the victory ahead. Often with the carnal mind, I was tried, asking for deliverance. Off I cried. Trusting in the Lord, I reckoned I was dead. By faith I saw the victory ahead. Victory ahead. Victory ahead. Through the blood of Jesus. Victory ahead. Trusting in the Lord, I hear the conqueror shred. By faith, I see the victory ahead. And when, like those who've gone before, to that land, by this river, cold and dark, I shall stand, trusting in the Lord. I will not fear or dread. By faith I see the victory ahead. Victory ahead. Victory ahead. Through the blood of Jesus. Victory ahead. Trusting in the Lord. I hear the conqueror shred. By faith I see the victory ahead. Amen. Let's go to number 977 and uh we'll close with this song. In his time. In his time he makes all things beautiful in his time. Lord, please show me every day as you're teaching me your way that you do just what you say in your time. In his time. In his time. He makes all things beautiful in his time. Lord, my life to you I bring. May each song I have to sing be to you a lovely thing in his time. Let's sing this verse again. Oh, in his time. In his time. He makes all things beautiful in his time. Lord, my life to you I bring. May each song I have to sing be to you a lovely thing in his time. Amen. God bless you friends. You're dismissed. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
