################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-13 - July 13, 2025  - Bro. Jona Emke - United With The Word - Jona Emke.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-13
Title:    July 13, 2025  - Bro. Jona Emke - "United With The Word"
Speaker:  Jona Emke
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 28m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AglCZPIdgnw
========================================

Description:
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Good to be here this morning. Amen. Good to see each face, each one of you. Brother, good to have our brother Jonah here, brother Art. And good to have you guys with us this morning. Amen. Good to see mom and dad. Amen. Any other visitors? I don't see. But Amen. I just want to start I wanted to read a little something here real quick before we sing our first song. But u this is from uh and I actually when I when I copied it, I cut off the name of the message. I think it was the infallible proof of Christ or I can't remember exactly but he says now he might act like he might now he might act might have act like that to you when he act like he wasn't going to heal you. He might have act like he was going on. He wanted to see your emotions. He wanted to know just how much you believed him. But notice Cleopus and his friend. They persuaded him to come in. I wonder if that's your attitude towards Christ tonight. Amen. Is that your attitude this morning? Amen. Let's persuade him to come. Let's persuade him to be with us this morning. Amen. Let's stand. I wanted to sing blessed assurance. I was thinking of this song popped into my head on the way to church this morning and I was just thinking praising my savior all the day long. Hallelujah. Blessed assuring [Music] Jesus is mine. Oh, what a forastease of glory divine. He of salvation, purchase of God, born of his spirit. I'm washed in his blood. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Perfect submission all delight. Visions of rapture now burst on my side. Angels descending bring from above. Echoes of mercy, whispers of love. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. [Music] Praising my Savior [Music] all the day long. Perfect submission. All is at rest. I in my savior am happy and blessed. Watching and waiting. We're looking above filled with his goodness. lost in his love. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. [Music] Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Number 717, Joel's army. [Music] Morning star together sing. Sons of God his praises ring. Rise and shine. My Lord and King comes for redemption now to bring Jehovah's army comes in view. Stalward men and women true and perfect stand. We are God's best invincible through the great word t. The son of rightuousness shall shout with healing in his wings he'll rise. Shake this old world in one more eye. Then take his bride into the sky. Have you considered my little bride off to DC? You have tried. No fair wall from east to west end. Ordained to stand in the great word tion of Judah has prevailed. [Music] Almighty God, flesh was veiled. He comes forth now to conquer all the kingdoms of this world shall fall. Oh bridegroom, come hearts to pine upon thy bosom to recline. My lovely bride, you are my own. Come sit with me upon my throne. The line of Jew has prevailed. Almighty God, flesh was veiled. He comes forth now to conquer all the kingdoms of this world shall fall. Oh bridegroom come our hearts to pine upon thy bom to recine. My lovely bride. You are my own. Come sit with me upon my throne. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. You can have your seats. I'd like to sing that little uh song number 490, who I am. And then we'll have a baby dedication here. [Music] Oh, glorious victory. That day he set me free. And he made my heart, his very throne. My life is no longer mine. I'm a prisoner of love divine. And now I live [Music] to praise his name. Who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now who I am. a part of my savior, part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. On Calvary, he died to redeem his lost bride. The king of kings became my savior. This is God's great mystery of love expressed to me that Christ and I might be made one. Who I am, Lord, who I am. I can see now who I am. A part of my savior, part of his word. It's a revelation. of who I am. Amen. Amen. It says, "I can see now who I am." Can you see that this morning? Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm glad he's opened my eyes. Glory to God. Amen. Brother Paul, do you want to come? Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Well, it's just with great joy that uh we are able to um dedicate uh our grandson and uh so good to have brother David, sister Deborah here also and uh uh to I think as brother David put this the other day, our mutual grandchild and uh you know it just uh it's good because whatever he grows up to be, we realize it's not all our fault. And so, uh, there'll be a little bit of that Nash in him. And, uh, they actually put that name on him. So, anyway, but, uh, you know, we're going to commit Little Tig to the Lord today. And we believe by the promise of the word, amen, that he'll grow up for uh as long as this earth endures and his time is here, he'll grow up to be a son of God, serve the Lord with all of his heart. Amen. And it's wonderful to be able to live in a time that we see the the scripture, we see the word opened up entirely uh just revealing who Christ is uh by revealing his bride. Amen. You know, a man is known by a wife that he would choose. And our Lord Jesus Christ is reflecting himself in the body of believers, those who come and and uh serve him and live for him. And so uh obviously we want to invite Sister Christen. I don't know if you're bringing the whole group. Why not? Why not? Yeah. No, the whole group includes the Nashes. Amen. Sister Deborah, I know I saw that quiet like, "Nope, we don't have to go." But uh but it would not be the same without that. and uh brother David if you will. Where's Sister Jerry? Sister Jerry's. She's she's And um you know, at a stage in your life, uh I remember as a young man, you know, hearing the the word preached and realizing that scripture pointing to the end of time. And I I often wondered, Lord, would I even get married? and uh we got married and then it's like well we have time for children and and then you realize that we have no idea what God's doing because we stand here today uh with not only God blessing with a family but all the way down here to the youngest here uh little tig uh the plan of God will be fulfilled when he says it's fulfilled. Amen. I was just reading this morning, brother Brandham saying he said it's when God says it's finished. Amen. Amen. So, we don't want to sit here and say, "Oh, I think this has got to be this and this got to be that." So, we're going to fulfill the word of God all the way to the point that God says it is finished. Amen. And so we're here today to uh uh just dedicate uh little Ty uh Keon Nash. Amen. Uh Ty, definitely um I'm blaming this on some Nash blood. Amen. Cuz if you was to look at Ty here, you would come up with something else. And um but these are Scottish Gaelic. Gaelic. Amen. So uh I equate that to Viking blood. So um Ty is a poet, a philosopher, a storyteller. You imagine what this little boy's going to grow up to be. Keon is the grace of God. So how how wonderful is that? He's going to by God's grace tell of God's grace all the days of his life. And uh I would like to just actually give to my brother David opportunity. I I get to hold little Tig probably a lot more than he does. So, I'm going to just let brother David dedicate his youngest grandson and commit him to the Lord that the grace of God would be with Ty all the days of his life. Amen. Tell him, Gracious heavenly father, we come as you said to let the children come. And again you said except we become as little children can't even see or enter the kingdom of God. So as we pray for little tig I think of tiger Lord may he be a tiger Lord for the gospel of Jesus Christ. As we pray for him we pray for the family. Pray for everyone here this morning. And you said that God is love. Let the love of God touch. Let it be with the family. Let it be with the church. Let us be with all those without father that they might see the grace of God and Jesus Christ touch and live in this child as we give him from our hearts our lives to you in Jesus Christ's name from Isaac and Kristen Lord Jesus may see this as truly a blessing in their lives for your honor and glory we ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you. [Music] Amen. [Music] Everybody always says how he's such a quiet little or happy little fella. Tell my wife, "Well, it's good to end on a good note." So, we're done. [Laughter] Praise God. Unless well we won't go let's not it's not even it's not even won't go down that road. Amen. Amen. Oh man. Like to sing number 890. Lord I lift your name. Stand with me if you want. I I just feel like standing today and praising God. Amen. Lord, my heart can grow. So far away and cold. And yet for me, your love is still the same. Oh Lord, I bend my knee in awe and fear of thee. My head bowed down in reverence to your name. Lord, I lift your name. Your holy name. Jehovah God. Elohheim, you're the great I am the risen lamb, my comforter and king. Lord, my heart's desire is to be filled with the spirit fire. My purpose is to worship you alone. Open up my soul to worship and adore to be a fragrance offered to your throne. [Music] Lord, I lift your name, your holy name. Jehovah God. Elohheim, you're the great. I am the risen lamb, my comfort and king. Lord, I lift your name, your holy name. Jehov the God Elohim. You're the great I am the risen lamb, my comforter and king. One more time just prayerfully. Lord, I lift your name, your holy [Music] name, Jehovah God. Elohheim, [Music] you're the great I am the risen lamb, my comfort [Music] and king. You're the great I am the risen lamb. My comfort [Music] and king. [Music] Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. and we love you Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. As we go to prayer this morning, I want to remember our sister Dorcas for a complete healing. Amen. Amen. When I remember our sister Tolma and sister Diana as they're traveling, our brothers Facilia on the road this morning. Amen. And the Grittas and the Luzan as well. uh back I think in Carolina's right now. Um our sister April, brother Adrian and the family, man. Continue to hold them up in prayer. Um and brother Dace and Brother Wayne as well. U want to remember the saints in Salt Lake and our sister Alice in Salt Lake City. Amen. Lord would just be with her. Amen. feel I feel like I had um another request. Oh, we had there's a I went to a funeral a couple years ago um for a friend of mine that passed away. Um they've kind of had a rough go of it the last couple years, the family and uh the the mom Lori. It's a family that we've known for years and have just been a tried to be a testimony to. And you know, they've they live all they know. you know, we all we can do is just live out the life of Christ in front of them. But the sister Lori was killed in a car accident. Um I think just this last week. Um so just hold them up in prayer. There's there's three left. There's Brandon, his sister Jana, and his other sister Jennifer. Um so just hold them up in prayer. Lord, just be their comfort. Maybe do something in their lives. Amen. Amen. Let's bow our heads this morning. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we come before you, Lord God. What an honor and a privilege once again, Lord Jesus, to be able to gather together. Lift the voices that you've given us to sing the songs of Zion this morning, Lord God. Lord, we give you thanks. We give you thanks for the pull within our lives, Lord Jesus. The joy that you've given us, the blessings, Lord Jesus. You're so good to us, Lord God. And we give you thanks for your grace, your mercy, and your love. Lord, as we bow before you this morning and we sang these songs, Lord, we lift your name, Lord God. You're so wonderful to us, Lord, we just pray that you come this morning, Lord. believe you're already here, Lord Jesus. And just speak to each heart and each life this morning, Lord, as we've our lips have proclaimed the different ones we need need healing, Lord Jesus, or just need traveling mercies or whatever it may be. Lord God, you're faithful. And so, Lord, we just pray you come, Lord Jesus, be with each one of them, wherever they may be. Lord, if they're listening in, Lord, may you just be with them this morning. May you be their comfort, be their peace, Lord God. Lord, help us to trust you more each day. We pray, Lord. Lord, we commit this time and this service in our lives into your hands this morning, Lord Jesus. May you just fall fresh upon us, Lord God. May we leave here today and say, "Surely the presence of the Lord was in this place." Hallelujah. Lord, we just ask these things today, Lord. We pray you be with our brother Jonah as he would speak this morning and be with each one that's here, each lifted hand, each need. Lord God, you know what it is before the foundation of the world, Lord. And you, we thank you, Lord Jesus. We pray you take the rest of this service. Just be with us, Lord. We pray. We give you thanks. Bless the offering. Bless the giver. We pray. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. We have a couple specials this morning. So, I want to start with you, Titus. [Music] [Music] [Music] If you've been walking the same old road for miles and miles. If you've been hearing the same old voice, tell the same old lies. If you've been trying to fill those same old holes inside, there's a better life. There's a better life. If you got pain, he's a painaker. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freom or save on, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. We've all searched for the light of day in the dead of night. We've all found ourselves worn out from the same old fight. We've all run from things we know just ain't right. There's a better life. There's a better life. You got pain. He's a pain taker. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freom or save on, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] for a song. Praise the Lord. Good to be in your midst. First time being here and uh certainly nice looking congregation. I'm certainly glad to be part of the service this morning. Bring you uh great love song that I wrote years ago. Sometimes I question, [Music] oh Lord, how long will I be waiting to join that throne? His word tells me we're at the end of the end time when the last one is in the fold. It's time to go home. Then I think of the loved ones who keep falling away from grace, just striving to keep up the pace with this sinful world. But Lord, I'm committed to follow through. Whoever may come or go, I'm going with you. He is my Lord and King. Oh, blessed be his name. He has forgiven me of every sin. I'll let his praisees ring. Of Jesus love I'll sing. He is my everything, my eternal flame. And I'll stand and shout his name forever. He's the same. He makes my daily life. Oh, so serene. Just let me praise him more. I have so much to thank him for. He is my only God. Oh, praise his name. Just let me praise him more. I have so much to thank him for. He is my only God. Oh, praise his name. Sometimes it takes a mountain. Sometimes a trouble sea. [Music] Sometimes it takes a desert to get a hold of me. Your love is so much stronger than whatever troubles me. Sometimes it takes a mountain to trust you and believe. Do you know the song? Sing it with me. Sometimes it takes a mountain. Sometimes a trouble sea. Sometimes it takes a desert to get a hold of me. Your love is so much stronger than whatever trles me. Sometimes it takes a mountain to trust you and believe. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. I remember the young man many times mom playing that brother art the believers throughout the home there. Amen. Love that song. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Like to sing that little chorus. So glad I'm yours, Lord. [Music] So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy has followed me. So glad you found me and set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm young. So glad your mercy has followed me. So glad you found me and set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. Amen. Amen. Amen. As we get ready to change the order of the service. Um number 491. Let's just sing manifesting time. Amen. Brother Paul, were you going to come first or Okay. Amen. The voice of my beloved. Behold, he quickly comes, sweeping over the mountains, over the hills he runs. I long to hear his voice. I long to hear him say, "Arise, my love, my fair one, come away." It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh, to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption draw with nigh. He's that lovely one and he's coming in plain view. The grapes are yours and mine. Little foxes spoil the vine. For the vineyard blossoms forth her heart this time. Keep your eyes on things above. Don't look at me or you. He's that lovely one and he's coming in plain view. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh, to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption draw with nigh. He's that lovely one and he's coming in plain view in the cliff of the rock. In the secret place so high till the day break and the shadows flee away [Music] in that mountain place. A sweet smells coming through. He's that lovely one and he's coming in plain view. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh, to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption draweth nigh. He's that lovely one and he's coming in plain view. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption draw with nigh. He's that lovely one and he's coming in. Hey, but good to be here today. Amen. The Lord just being so kind to us. Lovely music and these special songs. Amen. You know, I just uh I really appreciate what the Lord does for us. Just all kinds of little gifts that he's constantly pouring out to us and and we say thank you. I'd just like to uh greet uh Alex, a friend of brother Vosile's here this morning with us. God bless you. I hope you enjoy yourself today. And uh we're we're making the claim on them that they're family, but it's good to see the Floyd's here with us today. Amen. God bless you guys. And uh so as we would just uh go forward this morning uh we want to mention right now that there is a fellowship and all are welcome after the service in the basement. And uh so let's not forget that. But uh brother Jonah is um my a prince of a man. Amen. and uh Sister Edna, you know, uh it's been a long time since we've been at their place, but um they are uh the picture of hospitality and um you know, it's just so happy to have them here with us and and um uh Brother Al, Sister Art, not Al, Art. Yeah, Sister Jerry's behind. Oh my. Well, you know, uh, and Sister Karen, God bless you. And did you enjoy those special songs? Amen. Hallelujah. I I do believe Sister Karen, according to our agreement at the restaurant last night, was supposed to sing today. And u so uh just saying, just saying. Uh yeah. Well, she has sang. Yes, that's correct. But we just want to um just give our brother Jonah full attention and time and just absorb what it is he's got to share with us. Uh and uh he he just has full liberty uh to just preach whatever God's laid upon his heart. So, Brother Jonah, we just want to invite you to come and uh let's just take a spiritual meal before we would take a natural one and just uh just be filled up. Amen. You know, there's no reason for us to leave with our cup half full, 3/4 full. We can leave today with it overflowing. Amen. And so, let's just uh take in all of the word of God that he has for us today, receive it, say amen to it, and let it change our lives. Amen. Brother Jonah. Amen. Thank you, brother. Appreciate you. Yes. Thank you. Yes, I think so. Well, it's good to be here. Uh, greetings and uh it's glad to partake of a little Idaho hospitality. You know, uh I always say that wherever you go, uh the children of God should be the most hospitable people on earth. And I uh and I will say to you know that my wife is the and she won't like me for saying this but if it's hospitality that you want to take a picture of take a picture of her because um she knows what it's like to be hospitable. She knows how to welcome people into her home and uh I'm so happy to have her and uh so so pleased to uh to know the Lord. Amen. and his people. Yes, sir. You know, I uh I opened up the scripture this morning as I was waiting on the Lord and just uh you know, we can be so full of letter of the letter of the word. Yeah, that's right. That we could kill you. That's right. You know, we can kill you with a letter. That's right. But I don't I said, Lord, I don't want to come with a letter to them. I want to come with the spirit. Amen. I opened up the scripture this morning in Isaiah 40. And you don't have to open up there, but I just said, "Comfort Jay, comfort Jay, my people, saith the Lord." So, you know, how do you get comfort? If you're the people of the Lord, you get comfort from his word. Amen. That is what comforts us. That is the only thing that a child of God brings. It brings peace to them. It brings consolation to them. It brings deliverance to them, salvation to them. It's the word that gives us that comfort. And I'm so happy this morning that I can come uh to you with the word of God. I don't bring anything else but the word because I believe that this end time messenger that we believe in restored us back to the word. And I just want to say one thing as I was thinking on my bed last night. He restored us to the word of God. He didn't preach on every word that's written in the Bible. That's right. Because sometimes I'm I'm contemplating a verse and I'm going, "What does that mean? What does that mean?" And I push it into my little program and there's nothing on it. But you know, he brought us back to Christ. And if you ask him any question, he'll answer you. That's one guarantee. He said, "Seek me and you shall find me. Knock and it shall be opened up unto you. Ask in my name and you shall receive." So that's our promise this morning. It's a three-fold purpose. I write that in every new Bible that I get. If I wore one out, I write that in the leaf because that is our three-fold privilege as children of God. We have that ability. I'm so happy to see brother David and his wife here, Sister Deborah. It's just good to to see you again and be in your presence. And of course, Brother Isaac and and and Sister Kristen and Brother Dave Dinhardt. I met you and your wife at the Living Word, I believe, um, dedication and it's nice to see you again, brother. And I don't know if I know anybody else here, but I was sure impressed with our brother Titus. You know, I play violin, but I don't play it like brother Titus. And I haven't picked it up in 40 years, so I don't think I I even play anything like him. But boy, was I blessed uh by his singing and the song he played. I really enjoyed that big time. So, has he set you free? You know, you know, has he set you free this morning? And and and I, you know, how can you tell if somebody's been set free? Amen. Hallelujah. You know, Jesus said, "They shall know us by the love we have for one another." Not by the amount of quotes you got. That's right. Amen. Not by how religious you act or how how how judgmental you are. Because some people think if they're judgmental that means that they're better than you because they're going to point out the flaws in you before you point them out in the in yourself or whatever. But but you know, it's the love that we have for one another that that really that's the capstone. That's the capstone. So this morning I I want to preach a little bit on on united with the word. Amen. You know, we've we are we we were singing that song, a part of my savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation. Amen. Of who I am. So when we receive that revelation that we are the word, I believe we're going to be raptured. Right? I believe we're going to be raptured. And I was talking I I think with sister Karen and brother Arch and and this morning and you know it's not when we're perfect like we think of perfect. That's right. No, it's when he sees us. Yes. That the word is so dear to us and so precious to us and that our only desire is to be like him. Amen. Our only desire is to be in him, like him, near him, and always with him. He'll come and take us home. And the last one's in, he just goes, "Okay, I'm taking you home. I'm bringing you home." You know, I just love that little illustration, Brother Brandon Brinks, and I didn't write this down. It just came to my heart about Greenfield, the evangelist, coming to the gates. And well, he wouldn't let me in. You can you can appeal to the final throne. And he goes there and he says, "Well, did you ever steal? Did you ever lie?" Oh, he says, "You know, all of a sudden his, you know, we know what we what we are. You know what you are this morning? You know exactly what where you were, what you were thinking, what you were doing." And he says all of a sudden he just he he felt, "Oh my, how am I going to get in?" And then he said the sweetest voice, the sweetest voice said, "He stood for me." Amen. I'll stand for him. He's standing for you this morning. So if you come with to him in the right way this morning, you can be totally delivered. I can't help you. And I love to say that I'm just a piece of dust. That's right. That's all I am. But with Christ in me, Amen. That's right. and with his word in me and you receive the word that he put in me and you touch him by touching his word. I'll tell you what this morning you can be in heavenly places immediately. You can be from sinner to saint. Amen. From death to life, from sick to healed as instantly as that by receiving him. Amen. So let's turn to the word of God this morning. And I want to turn there's two scriptures and you know you can you can do a sermon two ways. And this sermon as I was praying and asking the Lord what could I bring for the Idaho uh saints here. I didn't want to bring uh you know a sermon that I've already brought somewhere. I thought you know what I I'm just going to bring something fresh. I said, "Lord, uh, you know, it's nothing wrong with bringing an older sermon because it's never two sermons the same. I could ask brother Paul and ask brother David and brother Dart, you know, you never you can preach on the same thing and it it can turn out so different because it's the spirit that should be leading us and guiding us." But I said, "Lord, what should I bring?" And and the thought came to me, the bride needs to be one with the word. That's it. and she needs to be one with the word. And you know, it really uh uh touched my heart because uh as soon as we got a new pope and you know, he's an American pope, which is, you know, I think it's that's it. It's the end of the world. Yeah, that's right. Because it's an American pope. [Laughter] But I'm nothing against my good American Christian neighbors. I love them. I love them. But it's an American pope and and brother Brandham said when the American pope comes in the World Council of Churches is going to be united. That's right. So if if the tears are uniting, it must mean the the bride is uniting the bride is uniting around his word and the tears are uniting because the tears will be bound first he said and then the word will be united. So let's stand to read the word this morning. John chapter 1 verse one verses 1-5 and Psalm 86 verses 10 to 12. And you know these are very familiar scriptures and these are the scriptures brother Brandham used in the in the message uh uniting uh uniting time and sign and I just love the word. So let's just bow our heads as before we open the holy scriptures and just ask the Lord to come. He's the only one that can interpret his word and bring clarity to it because it was written by him. So he's the one that clarifies his word. So Lord, we come and stand amazed in your presence this morning. I'm so amazed, Lord, that you love me. I'm so amazed that you care. Lord, I'm so happy to be standing in the midst of thy bride Jesus here in Nampa, Idaho. Lord, they have dedicated this house to worship and to thy word. And they have come, Lord, with a sacrifice of praise and worship and thanksgiving in their heart, Lord, for the great things that you have done for them. How you've revelated them, Lord Jesus. Opened their eyes, given them light, in this dark and evil generation to see that you are coming and taking them home out of this chaos. Lord, we're so thankful for your loving kindness. We're so thankful that you have given us life, light, peace, joy, deliverance, healing, salvation. Everything is from you. Everything is by you. And we just give you the glory for it. Lord, touch every needy individual, all those traveling, all those in need of healing, salvation, deliverance. You know our needs. You know our thoughts. You know our Lord Jesus prayer requests. We lay them before you, Lord. We don't want to pick them up again, but we lay them before you and say, Lord, have your way. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. And it says, "In the beginning was the word and the word was with God, and the word was God." Amen. I I just to me the world if they could see this one verse in Bible and be open to him. Yeah. You know what the rapture would take place. But but he's only given it to those babes that desire Yes. to have it open to them. Amen. And he says, "And the same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him, and without him was not anything made that was made. In him was life, and the life was the light of man, and the light shineth in darkness, and the darkness comprehended it not. Praise the Lord that we have comprehended the light, seen the light, received the light, and now are walking in the light. Let's just turn to Psalm 86. And this is a a wonderful psalm. I know we we stopped and and had some fellowship with the saints in in in Tri Cities there in Kenowick. and and we sang this song at the end. And I know they didn't know it that well, but this is a a a great psalm of David. And uh you know, I I just I love this psalm. And we'll read from verse 10. It says, "For thou art great and doest wondrous things." Oh my. Hallelujah. Thou art God alone. Teach me thy way, O Lord. I I I just pray this morning you would teach me thy ways. I will walk in thy truth. Now just let's read this second part together. Unite my heart to fear thy name. Amen. To to have reverence for his name. not to be afraid of him but to reverence his name and to say Lord your word in me oh Lord I want to be united your word in me I will praise thee oh Lord my God with all my heart and I will glorify thy name forever more. Amen. Will you glorify his name forever more? You may be seated. May God add his blessing to his word this morning. And you know, I'm just uh I I feel very comfortable. I don't know. I just feel like I'm at home here preaching to my own. It's about the same amount of people and I love it. And uh the only thing is is when I when I stream Grace Tabernacle and and and I'll just say this before I get into my message. I don't hear a lot of amens on the internet because you don't have a mic out there. But I'm happy because I can hear some. But I love more amens. Not because I need to be encouraged, but you know what? Brother uh uh Paul told us a testimony of a sister, I believe, that got her eyesight restored here. Yeah. Now, she didn't get her eyesight restored because he said he didn't put hands on her and pray for her. She got her eyesight restored because she received the word. That's right. That's right. And you know this morning I opened up the scripture another place. The centurion said, "Come and heal my servant." Yeah. He said, "I'm I'll come." He said, "No, no, no. You don't have to come. Just say the word." And you know, if if you will receive the word of God this morning and you say, "That is his word. Amen. I receive it, Lord." You can receive whatever you have need of and he can set you free right there where you're sitting. You don't have to come in a prayer line. I believe that is the bride age we're living in. That's how it should happen. We don't need prayer lines anymore. That's right. Oh, they're okay. But you know what? We shouldn't need hands laid on one another. We should just receive the word, believe the word, and receive and walk out of here healed. Amen. Amen. You believe that? Amen. Let's pray for that this morning that God would have his way. Can we say this morning, I am one with th with the word. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now, we all know if we have eyes to see and ears to hear that we are in the end time. Anybody doubt that we're in the end time? Anybody want to debate with me right now that we are we are in the end time? There's not going to be an age beyond this generation. That's right. Now, I'm not saying that to scare you, right? I'm saying that get ready. Amen. Amen. It doesn't take years. It takes moments, right? Lord, Lord, forgive me, Lord. I confess my faults. I I confess my sins. Deliver me. And right instantly there with a sincere heart and a broken spirit, you are instantly set free, delivered, and ready to to go to glory. That's our God. That's how cuz he's already paid the price. It's already paid. He paid it all. And we can receive it. Amen. All of our focus should be, am I ready to go? That's right. When Jesus Christ appears in the air, is my eye on him? Is all my attention and focus on pleasing him? That's should be our attention and focus on pleasing him. Lord, am I pleasing to you? Who can I speak to today? Amen. You know, that's my desire every morning. And I know you say, "Well, Brother Jonah, you're a pastor. You're a preacher. You're an outgoing guy." But that should be everybody's prayer every morning. Who can I speak to today? Who can I touch with the presence of the Lord? One word. Amen. And you know, it's not thinking, "Oh, what should I say? Do you believe the Do you believe we had a prophet this day?" No, it's touching them in what they're doing. Brother Bram said, you know, he was talking about about that that doctor and he says, "Well, you think I'm ready and blah blah blah." And he says, "Well, I see you going out and doing your thing where nobody else would go do it." You know, it's doing your thing, but with the Lord. Amen. And doing whatever you do as unto the Lord. and and whoever, you know, we have so many opportunities to sew a seed. Yes. Amen. That's all you got to do because God sends uh somebody like Paul to water it or somebody like Art to bring a song and all of a sudden that seed is is watered and all and he's the increase giver. See, he's the one that he is the seed and he's the increase giver. He's the one that germinates it. He's the one that brings it to life. Brother Brandham says as Israel's chosen people of God in majority forfeited their rights in the book of life by rejecting Jesus. So the majority of the gentile church will also come into condemnation with the resultant removal of their names from the book of life by rejecting the word thereby entering into the world economical movement which is the image erected unto the beast. And you know what? We're we're right at that manifesting time. Amen. You might say, "Well, what does that have to do with your message, brother? We're right at that manifesting time. were right at that time where the three Hebrew boys Daniel wasn't included in because the image was of him but they were erecting an image and they were they had to either bow before this image and live exactly or not bow before this image and say no God is more than able but if he doesn't do it we are not bowing and that's the time and season we are in folks that is the season we are in are Are you going to take the word? That's it. And say, "The word is my amen. Salvation. The word is my deliverance. Lord, you know how weak I am, but Lord, I'm standing. I don't care if I got to die on this hill, but I'm dying. I will not bow to nobody else but Jesus Christ." And he is the word. He is the word. That's what we believe as message believers. Jesus Christ is the word. Yes. Jesus Christ is who we preach. We don't preach William Brano. We preach Jesus Christ because he's the only savior. He's the only healer. He's the only one that died for you. Amen. But he uses men. But to reject the word, Jesus Christ, the one and only true God, we enter into the world economical beast movement. But to receive the word, we enter and become the word. See, I'll tell you what. Those three Hebrew boys were one with the word because they seen four men in that fire, right? And when they came out of the fire, there was only three. But the fourth one was in them. Hallelujah. I want him in me. I want him in me. I want to be the Lord. Him. Amen. You know, we as message people get caught up in so many minor controversies or sideline things. And you know what a sideline thing is? It's going off on the off the main track. Yeah. It's going off the main track. And when you go off the main track, how far can you get? Not very far. Not very far. You got to stay on the main track because the main track takes you east and west. The sidetrack is just a little drop off point, but we've got to get back to the mainline. Amen. And you know, and we get these little controversy sideline things from preachers. Amen. You know, that's one thing I loved about brother Paul. The first time I heard him, he said, "I didn't like preachers very much." And I love preachers, but I don't like preachers that think more of themselves and think that if you don't see it their way, you're not in. That's exactly right. You know, I don't care if you see it my way, but if you see him, you're in. You got to keep your eyes on him. Because I can't bring you there, but he can. See, that's the thing. That's it. We can't get off on any sideline, any church line. We we we It's not about me. It's about him. Amen. It's about him. You know, and and and you know, you can even it might not even be a preacher so much, but it might be his group. his group. Yes. His group lifts up the man. That's right. And they keep the man lifted up by, you know, I always said my congregation, don't ever say Jonah says, Jonah says because Jonah says whatever is not going to save you. But the word says, I'll tell you what, it makes the enemy shake. The word says, and I'll tell you what, you're healed. you're delivered and set free. That's the thing that matters is what the word says. So speak stick to the word. Amen. And and you know uh what it is is is is people are looking for attention. I'm not looking for attention. You know, I would have loved to be here in in Idaho uh many years ago. And I'm not putting my brother Paul down for not inviting me. You know what I believe? God has his timing. That's exactly more than I've got my desire. I got a desire to be a lot of places. You ask my wife around every corner I would go. But you know what? It's not God's timing. Amen. And you know what? It's it's good to be where you got to be when God's timing is there because then you're going to say the right thing at the right time and somebody will be delivered and somebody will be healed and somebody will be set free. Amen. That's what matters. That's it. So, no person can get you ready. No group has a franchise sir to sell. Yeah. I'll tell you. You know what? But you listen to some people. Oh my. if you're not associated with them and if you're not in their their little click and if you're not in their group chat and if you're not you know it's I'll tell you what I want to be in his chat I want him to say thou thou good and faithful servant well done because you know what he's my judge right and if he judges me before I leave this earth you know what I'll judge with him but if you're waiting for him to judge you, you're in the wrong side of the judgment bar. And I'll tell you what, let's judge ourselves. Amen. You know, you can't. And that's why I I I I sometimes, you know, um I won't throw anybody under the bus. That's why sometimes I always say, don't worry what others think. That's it. Worry what he thinks. That's right. That's the number one. That's right. That you got to worry about when he thinks what he thinks of you. what he what he thinks of his bride. That's what matters. That's the only thing that matters is what he thinks of you. Not what your neighbor, not what your best friend, not what that preacher, not what that group thinks. It's what he thinks. And I'll tell you what, when you need help in time of trouble, he's the one to go to. many people, you know, I I'm always and to me this is this is this is really how you know a real true believer. He sees somebody in need and goes and helps them. That's a true believer. An a really a makebeliever is one that sees the need and says, "Well, I'm sure that you know, Brother Paul can go help them. You know, he's got the means. You know, if you got $10 in your pocket and that man needs a hundred, give him the the 10. Give him the 10. So, he's already on his way. Yeah. And you know what? It'll encourage him to go get the other 90. That's right. Because you have you have done something. You see, that's that's I I just if I could imprint that one thing on you, do something for the Lord. Because you know so many people are in such need but they don't realize that when you give God gives more. When you give, God gives more. God loves it. But but he tests you. He tests you to see, oh, you need this money. Okay. Somebody comes by and says he needs something and you've got what he needs and you don't give it to him. God says, "Oh, you know what? He's not ready for what? for for for the for the mother load. He's not ready to find the pot of gold because he's not willing to give up what he has. Amen. And I I believe that real believers give what they have. They give from their heart. They give from their life. They're they're they live for others. That's when you're really living for him. Amen. When you're living for others. Yes, sir. That's right. So, no person can get you ready. no franchise. Every one of us has to have a one-on-one relationship with Jesus Christ. There's no other way. Yes, sir. And knowing everything we do, he sees. Just know that if you know that everything you do, everything you think, he sees. Amen. The word is the discerner of every thought and intent of your heart. So just your thinking, he sees. Amen. Every thought we think, most of us have heard the voice of the prophet of this age and we recognize it right away, right? Amen. When somebody turns on a tape or message, oh, that's the prophet because we've heard it many times and it imprinted in our minds. But in this age of AI, yeah, sir, they can duplicate every voice. Yes, sir. All they need is a sample. So, how are you going to know if the voice you hear is his voice? That's right. No, I I I just That's why I'm getting to you. Be united with the word. I'll tell you, be united with the word. Right. Amen. because they're going to they're going to duplicate his voice. That's right. And they're going to say, and I was expecting to get a sticker this morning cuz brother Paul said he's going to put a sticker on me that says press play and I was waiting for that sticker, but he didn't do it. I guess he's not I don't know. He was afraid maybe. But you know AI Yeah. artificial can mimic. Yes sir. But you know what it can't mimic is the word. You see AI artificial intelligence will never bring you to the word. No sir. Because artificial intelligence is artificial. It's not true intelligence. It's not the same intelligence that the word has. And that's what we have. That's why the real voice of God is one with his word. That's it. And if you know the written word, then you know if it is the true voice of God. Amen. That's right. See, then you know if it is the true voice of God and the real voice, we have to hear the voice of Jesus Christ. You have to have heard that voice. You might say, "Wow, Brother Jonah, I'm not a preacher. I'm I'm not." But you have to have heard the voice of Jesus Christ. I I think every believer here has heard his voice if you've ever been saved. Yes. And you might say, "Well, I didn't hear audible." But I'll tell you what, an inner voice. You've got to have heard the inner voice because otherwise you wouldn't believe you're you're saved today. How do you know you're saved? by the inner peace that that voice has told you, I've delivered you. I have saved you. I've redeemed you. Your sins are gone. They're under the blood. As far removed as darkness is from dawn. You've got to have heard that voice. Yes, sir. Every church age, the Lord said, "He who has an ear, let him hear what the spirit says unto the church." So, have you heard what the spirit says unto the church for this age? Right. Now, just to hear is not enough, but to receive it and then walk in it. Amen. You see, I can I can hold a hope hold up a bunch of metformin here and you got high blood sugars and you can look at and say, "Yes, I've received that." But if you don't take them, your blood sugars don't go down. Right? And if you have heard the voice and you don't apply the blood, you don't apply the word of God and you don't walk in the word of God, it doesn't help you. Amen. It doesn't do anything for you just to know it. That's right. You've got to do it. Amen. Brother Jonah, I've heard the voice of Revelation 10:7. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God shall be finished. He hath declared it to his servants, the prophets. And you know that is great. And it's an important to have heard the voice of the seventh angel. He has declared the mysteries of God and placed the word in the right order of what the original apostles preached. He said it in the right order. You know, when you talk to somebody that's a denominational Christian and you tell them, "Have you been baptized?" Right? Because there's been nobody in the scripture baptized in the name of the titles, "Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." And they'll go, they'll look at you like they've never thought of that. But but but they don't respond to it, right? Because that's what their pastor told them. Yeah. But you say, "Well, well, have you read Acts, the book of Acts?" They've only baptized one way there. And the ones that got rebaptized baptized in the right baptism. That's correct. But you see, to know the mysteries and not do them is of no benefit. That's right. We have many people that believe the message of the hour. And I always say, two million people left Egypt. Two made it in. That's right. Because two of them not only heard and followed the prophet, but they believed what he said. Amen. They actually believed the words that Moses told them. They said, "We are more than able because they seen it wasn't Moses that led him. It wasn't the pillar of fire and and and the cloud and but it was God reacting and delivering them as they believed and walked in the truth. And and you know that is the same thing with us. Why don't we have more healings? Because we don't believe. That's it. Because we don't stand on his word and say, "Lord, this is what I need and I believe it and Lord, you've healed me." And start to confess it. Amen. That's it. See, confession brings on possession. Amen. And that's what Joshua and Caleb did. They confessed their possession and they went on to possess it. Amen. That's right. Amen. And God gave them everything. Amen. But you have to come to the anointed word and receive the person that is revealed in the mysteries. That's right. You see, the person revealed the message isn't William Brham. The person revealed in the mysteries is Jesus Christ, the word made real flesh. bled, died, and rose again to live in us. That's who's revealed in the mysteries. And to follow the prophet is not enough. You have to possess the very spirit of life of God revealed to us in the mystery of Jesus Christ. That is oh my I I that's what I want more than anything. That's it. That's what I want more than anything to know that he lives in me. That's it. That's right. That's the That's the whole That's it. That's the ticket. The token in. That's the absolute That's the token in. That's it. That's exactly That is it. That's right. Oh my. I I'll tell you, you know, Brother Bram says in the uniting time and sign paragraph 105, we see the nations uniting. We see the world uniting. We see the churches uniting. We see the bride uniting uniting with the word. Why? That's right. Why is it uniting with the word? The word is God. That's it. And the as the word as the bridegroom being the word and the bride being the hearer of the word, they come together in a union. That's right. They unite like a wedding. That's right. He said they are getting ready for a wedding. That's right. And they become one. The word becomes you and you become the word. Jesus said at that day you'll know it. All the Father is, I am. And all I am, you are. And all you are, I am. And that day you'll know that I'm in the Father and the Father in me and I in you and you in me. See that day? What day? Exactly. That's the day we're going home. When you know I am Christ and Christ is me and I am one with him and I look in the mirror, I see Jesus. Amen. That's it. When the neighbor looks at me, he sees Jesus. Amen. He might say, "Oh, that religious fanatic." But he sees Jesus because Jesus was looked on the same way. Amen. Brother and sister, have we been united with the word? Can we say when we we see you, you see Jesus Christ? Because we have become one with him. What I say, he says. Amen. See what I say, Jesus says. That's to come. I have very much confidence in a preacher that preaches the word because the word is is the only reality we know. That's right. Amen. That's right. And what he shows me I do. My father and I are one. See, Jesus said, "What he shows me I do. What he tells me I do. I don't do anything else but what he tells me." Thomas, what's the matter with you? You see me, you see the father. What have you been looking at? That's right. You see, it's that simple. That's right. Exactly. But you know what? It's that complicated for blind for blind people. See, blind people can't see it. Amen. They just they just can't see it because God's got to open their eyes. And it's the simplicity of the word made real to us. How can I or or we tell that someone has been united with Jesus Christ? Is it because every time they speak they quote the prophet or the scripture? They're always are speaking of the things of God making you feel guilty. You know, I've got I there's there's a sister that I know and my wife knows and whenever you come together with her, you know, I'll tell you what, you almost feel like you don't even know the message. You ever have that feeling when you're with somebody and and oh my the prophet this the prophet that and oh it's just it's just the prophet the prophet and and and well what about the word? That's right. That's right. That's it. Well, they just regard they just glance over that and it's the prophet said this, the prophet said, and you feel almost like I said, when you're in her presence, you feel like you don't even you probably don't I probably don't even believe the message, but I know it's the truth and I and I believe it as the truth, but but yet she makes you feel. That's it. That's it. But, you know, if you would take the outside that's it facade off. That's it. And you would get right down to the heart. She's desperately in need of Jesus to come in. That's exactly because you know what? It's not our job to make people feel guilty. It's our job to bring them to the fountain, to the well that Jesus brought the woman to at the well. It's our job to to go to the blind man, make a little clay, and put it on his eyes and say, "Go wash and be free. Go washing and see." That's our job. Amen. It's not the guilt. It's Christ. We got to give Christ out because the word is in us. Amen. That's what I want. Amen. And you know, we don't want a religious spirit, but you know what? We can get it. How do we get a religious spirit? Not repenting. That's how religious spirit. But you want to fit in, yeah, with a message group. That's how you get a religious spirit. Not repenting, not confessing your sins, not making things right, but just speaking like you you're you're the greatest revelated person on earth. And you know what? God sees through everything. Amen. You know, if we would just realize he he sees through every facade. He sees through through your bluff. He sees through your aggression. and he sees through it all. He knows exactly who you are, what you are. He loves a broken spirit and a humble heart, contrite heart. And then he blesses you. Then he changes you. Then he heals you. Then he delivers you. That's all he's looking for. Amen. It's the love of God in them that proves who they are. See, that's our capstone. The love of God is our capstone. Perfect love. Amen. No matter what somebody says to you and says about you, you're always giving them unto the Lord. See, that's the sign of a true believer. You're always giving them unto the Lord. Not condemning them, not saying something worse than they said about you just to make yourself feel good. No, no, no, no. That's then you're just you're just well, you're just an unbeliever. When when you're when somebody slings dirt and you sling more back, that's a that's a sure sign that you need salvation. Amen. That's right. Yeah. But when somebody throws dirt and you throw bread. That's right. See, what is bread? Bread is is something to eat. Bread is the living word of God. That's what bread is. Amen. And that's the love of God. Amen. That's right. See, give them a way out. Give them a way of escape. That's what Jesus did. He gave us a way of escape. That's right. And that's what we have to offer those. For love covers a multitude of sins. You know, brother Brandham says in the message uniting time and sign, he says, "The church has received a heavenly sign." Yeah. Paragraph 111, an astronaut. Amen. Jesus Christ in the form of a pillar of fire. He says that he was in the Old Testament that he was when he met Saul on the road down there in Damascus. The same Jesus here today. Amen. And what does it do? Does it bring fear? It brings love. A uniting of one another. Amen. A feeling for one another. It brings the love of God. Oh, uniting us and brings us the body of Christ into unity as a bride. That's what it's doing now. This great union with God. See, that's that's how you know you're uniting with the word and the word is in you is when the love of God is portrayed from you. They're uniting themselves. One group here to fight the other one. That's not God. One group over here to fight the that here the church is standing between them. You watch what happens. It'll unite with them. That's exactly right. But now we find out that brings fear and frustrations. But the church, the bride is united by one God under one spirit, the spirit of God in one holy union of God to be one holy bride to God. That's right. All together unity of the body. That's it. A body waiting as a bride as it is the bride as we call ourselves the bride. For the uniting time of the bride, the church is coming together. Amen. It should create such a love among us that we could hardly be away from one another. Yeah. That's right. When you just You don't have to beg people to pray. No. That's right. You don't have to beg them to worship God. Right. You don't have to beg them to do what's right. That's just so in love with him till there's nothing else. That's exactly. You see, I I I sometimes, you know, I'm I sometimes beg for an amen or two. Not for me, but for God, but I shouldn't. I shouldn't have to. Right. When you come together as a bride of Christ, you know how many here never say amen in the service. I want to see how many will lift your hands. Nobody. Well, that's perfect. Everybody says amen. Just say it a little louder. Just a little bit louder that God would hear you. He already sees your thoughts, but just say it a little louder so he can hear. I'll tell you what, you know, your your whole atmosphere in your in your in your bench will change. That's it. That's right. Exactly. You know how to you know how to become rich. I'm going to give you a tip. Start saving money. Put a dollar away every day. Put a dollar away. You'll get rich. How do you get closer to God? Say amen every day. Lord, thy word, it means something to me. Thy word is real to me, Lord. Your word has saved me. Your word has delivered me. Your word is everything I need. Just just try that and see what happens right in your bench. Amen. See what happens in your life. I'll tell you what, it's like saving money. It's like it's like work. You got a big pile of rocks to move. You got to move one rock at a time. But if you don't start, the pile stays there. That's right. The pile stays there. The doubt stays there. The guilt stays there. The the burden stays there if you don't move it. That's right. Move it and see what God will do for you. Amen. And then he goes on to say in in in in paragraph 114, he says, "What do you think about a little girl, a real pretty little maid that's going to marry some handsome young man that she's so madly in love with means more to her than her own life? She knows the right way that they're going to get married. She knows right away that they're going to get married." As that wedding day approaches, that little fella, I'm telling you, she's all walking around. She's making her everything ready. She surrenders completely to him. That's right. Everything that pleases him. That's just what she wants to do. Well, that should be the way of the church today, right? That our life should be so hid in God through Christ, sealed in there by the Holy Spirit, that all we do is do what's pleasing unto God. Lord, if you want to hear my amen, I amen today. I give you glory. I lift up my hands and praise unto thy name. Amen. I give you the hallelujah. You know, look at what those children did when Jesus got on that coal, the full f full of an ass, and went into Jerusalem. Yes, sir. And those scribes and those people quit. Hosana to the Lord. That's what they were saying. He said, "If they wouldn't cry out, the rocks would cry out." You know, if we don't cry out and say, "Hosana to the Lord. Oh Lord God, you are worthy of praise, worthy of honor. You are the one that we glorify." You know what? If we don't do that, he's going to go look for another bride. That's exactly right. Amen. He's going to go find another bride. If you wouldn't love your husband and on the wedding day, you don't even give him any attention. You don't you don't hug him. You don't you know he's going to say, "Well, I'm not going to get married to you. I don't want anything to do with this cold bride. There's nothing that should or can separate us from the love of God." And the same goes for brothers and sisters in the Lord. Amen. God loved us, so he died for us. John says, "If you can't love your brother who you can see, how can you love God who you can't?" You know, now I'm going to get to some real nitty-gritty here. I really like Brother Paul Hlet. You know, I like him. You know, I said something to him once. I said there was two preachers that I really liked and he was one of them and Brother Ken Boyer who God took home. He must have completed his journey because he preached one perfect sermon and God said, "Okay, that's it, Brother Ken. You're you're you're fit for the kingdom. I'm taking you home. And I miss that, brother. But I'm not going to get up here for 10 minutes and tell you how good he is, how revealed he is, and how much everybody adores brother Paul. The truth. Really, every one of us is just a bit of dust. Brother, I'm just going to tell you right from my heart. And we are like brother Brandham says about a spoonful of ocean. Yeah. You know you take you dip your finger in the ocean and pull it back. You don't see the dip because or a finger mark in the water. You're just a a little of the whole lump and made of the same hole. See, I am nothing. Brother Paul is nothing. But the Lord Jesus Christ in us is the word of God revealed in us. And when he speaks through him or us, it is him. Yes, sir. And when he uses us, it's not us. It's him. That's right. It's him. You know, when God used Brother Brandham, you know, he would have healing campaigns. He didn't say, "I'm going to heal you." Right. Right. No. Right? He preached until faith was raised in the building. Then he says, "He's here now. Let's have a prayer line now. Let's pray for the sick." You know, my dad went through a prayer line of brother Brandham's in Grand Prairie. And my dad had a really bad back and he was so looking forward to going through that prayer line and have brother Brandham lay his hands on him. And you know how it's it's amazing how God does things. And so he walked up to the prayer line and brother Brandham was there and brother Brandham just tapped him on the shoulder and says pass on brother. So he passed on and he was just oh he thought Lord I come for healing of my back. And he got to hear when he was just stepping down. Brother Bam turns around you brother your back is healed. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Wasn't the touch that healed him. It was the word that healed him. That's it. That's exactly. And you know what? My dad got the revelation. It's not the man's touch. That's right. Amen. It's the word. Amen. See, it's the word that heals you. That's it. And he was one with the word. Amen. And he brought us back to the word. And so that same word I hope is in brother Paul and hope is in me and brother Dinhart and brother David when that word comes into us and we speak that word the same things can happen. That's right. It has to be cuz he's the same yesterday, today and forever. He is the same God. He's still on the scene until he takes us home. And that is God. That is that is what he wants to use. So it's not him. It's not me. It's God. Amen. And when we receive everything spoken by the word of God and receive it as the word of God, then he will do the impossible. That's when we will see more miracles happening in our midst than ever before because you'll come in and you'll sit in that bench and say, "Amen. That's the word." And you'll walk out of here. You'll walk out of here saved. You'll walk out of here delivered. But you've got to respond to the word because you're uniting with the word and letting it come in and take you over. Amen. Have you and like I I'm just going to say this because this is what I believe. You know, God has no grandchildren. You know, our children need salvation just like we got salvation. Exactly. So just because you raised them in the message, you brought them up in the church. Doesn't mean they're Christians. That's right. They've got to say, "Lord, come into me." That's right. Lord, forgive me. Lord, I'm a sinner. I need thy salvation. I need thy deliverance. Come and save me and set me free. Amen. And then you become a part of Jesus. And Jesus becomes a part of you. And then you walk with him. That's it. But until you do that, Amen. You're just full of knowledge. That's it. Without wisdom. Without wisdom. Without wisdom. Exactly right. Amen. Now, I just want to show you something. God showed this to me and I there's, you know, three preachers here and I don't know if you're going to see the same thing I see. But you know what I love? I love that we can look at the word of God and we can all see a little different angle and see it just a little different way. And I want to read this to you. Okay, I got a few more minutes. Good. Praise the Lord. Second Kings 2 verses 1 to 12. Now you know sometimes we we take examples from the New Testament and then I like to take an example from the negative and the positive. The negative you know the old pictures are black and white and the new ones you get full color and dimensions and all that but sometimes from the old dimension you really it it really gives you God's way of doing things. And here, and it came to pass when the Lord would take up Elijah into heaven by a whirlwind that Elijah went with Elisha from Gilgal, like you know, he met him and he was plowing. See, God can only use those that work. Amen. I just I just want to show you something. God's not looking for for idol. He's always comes to somebody that's working. Yeah. Amen. See, God's not interested in laziness. He's looking for people that are working. And here, Elisha was was with a 12 yolk of oxin. He he was a serious farmer like like brother Paul. He was a serious farmer. And you know what? Elisha Elijah didn't preach him a message. He just took like the shaw the lady has, threw his mantle over him, flipped it off, and away he went. And Elisha felt something. He felt something. He said, "Hold it. I just want to go home." He said, "Oh, what do I got to do with you? Do whatever you want to do." Yeah. So, he sacrificed. You know what? He br he he burnt the bridge down. That's right. So there was no more plowing. He burnt the plow, sacrificed a set of oxen. And then he followed Elijah. And here we pick it up. And Elijah said unto Elisha, "Try here, I pray thee, for the Lord has sent me to Bethl." You know what Bethl is, eh? As as a spiritual believers, that's the house of God. That's where God first was worshiped. And Elisha said unto him, "As the Lord liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee." So they went down to Bethl. Now get this. And the sons of the prophets that were at Bethl came forth to Elisha. They didn't go to Elijah. They went to Elisha. The new convert, the new person. Yeah. Amen. And said unto him, "Knowest thou that the Lord will take away thy master from thy head today?" And he said, "Yeah, I know it. hold your your peace. In other words, don't give me your opinion. I don't care about your opinion. I care about what's going to happen. Amen. I care about what the Lord will say, what the Lord will do. You know, don't get caught up arguing with people. That's right. Amen. And Elijah said unto him, Elisha, Terry, here I pray thee, for the Lord has sent me to Jericho. You know what Jericho is? Hey, great victory in Jericho. You know, we can have great victory here this morning. They got they they broke the walls down, right? Amen. They didn't shout in the name of the Lord. They just praised them. Amen. That's it. That's what'll happen. That's right. You want You want the walls to fall, you want Satan to be defeated, start praising. That's right. Start praising the Lord. Start shouting unto him with a voice of triumph and see what happens. That's right. You know, we get so Yeah. Oh, we get so worked up and oh, we just want sympathy. You want sympathy this morning? You won't get it from me. I'll give you the word. I'll tell you. Repent and seek the Lord and he will find him. He will deliver you. Amen. Amen. And and he said, "As the Lord liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee." So they came to Jericho. And the sons of the prophets that were in Jericho came to Elisha and said unto him, "Knowest thou that the Lord will take away thy master from thy head today?" And he answered, "You know, yeah, I know it. Hold ye your peace." In other words, don't give me your opinion. I'm not interested in your opinion. You know what? I'm not interested in your opinion or your opinion. I'm interested in what the word says and what the word says. Amen. You see, that's what we should hold. Hold to the word. Hold to the word's opinion. Don't care what brother so and so says. I won't use any names because it might be your favorite preacher. Don't matter what brother Jonah says. It matters what the word says. It matters what God has said. And look at this. And Elijah said unto him, Terry, I pray thee here, for the Lord hath sent me to Jordan. And he said, as the Lord liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. And they too went on. And the 50 men of the sons of the prophets went and stood to view a far off. And they too stood by Jordan. Yeah. And Elijah took his mantle, wrapped it together, smoked the waters, and they were divided thither and thither, hither and thither. So the two went over on dry land. And I just want to stop here and say there was no comment. There's no opinion given. You know why? The word in action. Amen. You see the word when the word starts to part the waters. That's it. When the word reveals the hidden things of the heart, there's no opinions given. That's it. Because the opinions would be discerned. That's it. From where they come from. And it came to pass when they went over and Elijah said unto Elisha, "Ask what I shall do for thee before I be taken away from thee." And Elisha said, "I pray thee, let a double portion of thy spirit upon me." And he said, "Thou hast a hard thing. Nevertheless, if thou see me when I am taken from thee, it shall be so unto thee. But if not, it shall not be so. And it came to pass as they still went on and talked that behold there appeared a chariot of fire and horses of fire and parted them both a thunder and Elijah went up whirlwind into heaven. And Elisha saw it and he cried, "My father, my father, the chariot of Israel and the horsemen thereof." And he saw him no more. And he took hold of his own clothes and rent them into pieces. Have we rent our own garments? Have we rent our own thinking right there, our own denominational thinking? You know, so many people have taken their Baptist their Baptist salvation and added the message to it. So they've become revealed Baptists or revealed Pentecostals or revealed Luther. Amen. That's exactly because there are some people act like Luther in our midst. They don't they don't move. They they don't they don't say anything. They don't worship the Lord because hey, this is a holy place. We got to be quiet, right? Well, how about the shout? Amen. There's got to be a shout. There's got to be a sacrifice of praise. That's what the scripture says. Like, we got to do what the word says. When you do what the word says, then God reveals himself. See, then God comes on the scene. Praise. And so you got to take your old garment off. And we got to quit listening to the voices. That's it. Quit listening to this opinion, that opinion. Just believe what the word says. Amen. Take God at his word. Take the word and say, "Lord, that word is my word." Amen. And I believe it. And I'll stand on it, Lord. And I will go through the furnace with it. because you'll be the fourth one in the fire fanning me so that I won't even get touched by the smoke and my bondage will go. G. See, that's what the glory of God can do. That's right, saints. When he saw the prophet go up, he rent his own garments. His covering that he had was no good. He took the mantle of the word that God ordained him for to receive and went to the Jordan using the word and parted it and went on to do the will of God. He had seven great miracles. Yeah. More than Elijah. And the word of the Lord had become one with him. See, he'd become one with the word. That's it. And I'll tell you what, if Elisha could become one of the word, we can become of the word because God's got to give us a double portion so we can make it. That's right. I want to make it. That's right. I want to make it more than anything else. I want to be there. I'll tell you what, if you read in Revelations and read about the plagues coming on Earth, and we were just talking, there's going to be three and a half years of absolutely no rain. Could you imagine? That's it. No rain. Your rivers, our lake, which is a deep lake, which feeds the Colombia River, the Okanagan River, goes right down Washington. It feeds the Colombia River, and I'm sure other rivers feed it, too. But can you imagine three and a half years of absolutely no snow, no rain on this earth, what this earth will be like? You know what? You will come, you will, you will become the 51st state or province of Canada just so you can have some drinking water. Yeah. Somebody should write Trump a letter and tell him it's best for him to join Canada. I'll tell you that's the truth. Maybe he should send us a recording of this service to him, but he might arrest me. Don't do it till I'm back. Have we come to the parting of the Jordan? You know, we are there. Amen. We're come to the parting. We are so close to the end time. You know what? Don't be frightened. Just say, "Lord, here I am." Amen. I I just want you to to take me over. I just want you to change my life. I want you to change my heart. I just If you really sincerely tell him that, I'll tell you what, he'll come this afternoon. He'll come right now. and he'll change your life forever. He'll change your life forever. That's all it takes. It don't take, you know, going to Jeffersonville or doesn't take going to Cloverdale or or to Donnie Regans or or to Puitz or or Brother Puitz or or anywhere or coming up to Jonah's that but just here right now, humble your heart. Say, "Lord, I want a change in my life. I want the victory. I want the word in me to be won. I want Jesus Christ in me and only Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. In the message who is M uh Melchzdc when this body receives the spirit of God. He says paragraph 71 the immortal life inside of you it throws this body in subjection to God. Exactly. You see, when you receive the spirit of God, Amen. then your body becomes subject to God. Then you become a vessel of honor, a vessel of obedience. Yes. Amen. A vessel living for the Lord. Not nobody. You're not interested in what's going on in the world. You're interested in Christ. Amen. And I love it. He says, "He that's born of God doth not commit sin." Yeah. There's no unbelief in you anymore. Amen. Amen. That's right. He cannot sin. That's right. There is therefore now no condemnation. See, you're not condemned. Amen. That's right. In Christ Jesus, they walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit. There you are. See, that throws your body subject to God. We are coming to a time. It is a gathering time that tears the world council of churches are being united. We're being united by the love of God. Amen. To become the word. Amen. You know what? I'm going to go right to the end now. I think I put enough hay out. You know, there's a joke that goes uh went to church and the pre preacher sees only one man made it to church. So he gets up and he preaches an hour and a half and he says to the man, he says, "Uh, what do you think?" And the farmer says, "Well, I'm a farmer." He said, "If it to go to the field, there's only one cow. There's no use putting the whole load." He said the whole Lord for one cow. He says he says, you know, you got to use your sense. And so I'm going to I'm going to close there with just this last statement. And I I tell you what, it's been I've really felt the liberty of the Lord here this this morning. And you know, he can help you. He can help you. He He He wants to unite with you, you know, because he's chosen you as his bride. You know, when when when when I met my wife, she knew that I wanted her. I knew I wanted her. And it was a uniting. Amen. You know, and it and we've been together for 42 years this October. 42 years. Yes. And I know there's some that have been longer, but but you know what kept us? The love. Amen. The love kept us. Love. Like there's times I'll tell you, we were passionate. I always told my kids, "Your mom and dad aren't arguing, they're just passionate." That's right. Well, I'm telling her I'm telling her my idea. She's telling me her idea. And we don't see it quite that way. But it's passion. But 42 years later, we're still together. And praise the Lord. You know, but that's even with us and God sometimes, you know, we we we we complain to him, but we should never complain because he's got our best interest in in at heart all the time, you know. He said, "Everything works out for those who love the Lord." That's it. Just love him. Amen. You know, she loved me for 42 years and it's worked out for us. And that's the way it is. We We got You got to have the love of God. It'll work out for you. Love him. and say, "Lord, I I don't know what brother Jonah preached today, but but give me your word in me that we would unite, that we would be one, that we would all that I only thing that only thought I would have is Lord, am I obedient? Am I pleasing to you?" And I'll tell you, wake up one day like Enoch did in heaven. That's right. Cuz you know what? You kept your eyes on him. If you love him, you keep your eyes on him. Your focus is on him. And when he appears, you'll appear with him. Yes. That's that's our desire. Yes. Amen. So the Lord wants to enter into his bride. He wants her to be him and to do his will in all she does. Amen. You know, totally pleasing unto him. Just as Enoch never was seen again, for he just walked into the presence of the Lord. We also will just be taken united with those that have gone before us in the air. What a glorious day that will be. I'll tell you, I'm looking forward to it. The worldly church will say, "Wasn't Elijah first to come?" And what did Jesus tell them? He already came and you didn't see it. You didn't receive it. Because you know what? When Elijah comes, he told them. It's not denominationalism. It's not doing what your pastor says, doing what the word says. That's it. You see, that's that's the key. That's exactly. It's doing what the word says. What God said is what's important. Amen. Hey. And Jesus said he's already come. You just didn't recognize him in the season you're in. So, have you recognized him? Yes, sir. I'll tell you what. I want I want to be recognized as one of his. Amen, sir. I want to be recognized as Jesus Christ in skin to the world. Two fellow believers. Exactly. You know what? I I I remember my parents, you know, uh we came at a place and there was always it seems there was I I was raised in a household and that they were Holy Ghost fililled parents and it seemed there was always trouble in church. And why was there always trouble? Because my dad never stood for anything but what the word said. Amen. And you know the devil loves it when you start a church and then he wants to come in and he wants to tell you how to do it. That's right. And then people would always, nope, can't do that. I'm out of here. You put those books in the back there. We don't want to have anything to do with this church. Well, they're staying back there because that's the truth. Amen. Away they went. Amen. You know, but there was always trouble. And I always thought, well, how can that be? We're supposed to be Christians. We're supposed to But you know what? Where the love of where the word of God is preached, the devil doesn't like it. No, he doesn't. He does not like the word of God because it it exposes him. Amen. See, the word of God exposes you. The love of God draws you in and delivers you, but it'll expose your your your heart, your life, your your your you know, it it it hopefully it preached to you today that you say, "Lord, I want to be united with the Lord." That's right. Exactly. And you know what? I was going to sing that song. It's manifesting time at the end. I'm going to pick another one. How about do you know this song? And and my wife said to make sure I ask before so we don't break the spirit. But do you know time clock is striking the hour? No. You know that one art? No. Okay. Well, we won't sing that one. I'm not good at solo. You know what? Can, brother Art, would you mind playing that signature course of yours one more time? I hope you don't mind me asking him to come up and doing that. The penis, you're you got a very nice piano. Yeah, it's beautiful. And you got a nice congregation. But let's just pray before we sing that chorus as Art plays it a little bit. Uh let's just pray. Let's stand and pray. Lord, we thank you that we could come into your place and just speak about you, Lord. Yes. Lord, you know every heart here today this morning. You know the thoughts of every individual. You know the need of every heart, Lord. And I know, Lord, if if if I spoke according to the spirit of the Lord, that it would have touched the very need. Because Lord, if we came expecting you to speak to us, you spoke to us. Amen. Lord. Amen. Keep us in unity. Keep us in fellowship. And may the love of God touch every heart here today. May it speak to those that that need deliverance, salvation, healing, whatever the need is. Lord, speak to the hearts. And Lord, we just give you the glory, praise, and honor. I thank you for this time that we could have together with the saints of God. Lord, I know that someday we'll meet up there and we'll talk about Lord, how good you were to us and we'll sing Amazing Grace. Like brother Brandham said, I'll make it up there. You'll hear me in that little cabin singing Amazing Grace. Lord, I will be singing Amazing Grace. How sweet the sound. Thank you, Lord, and for your victory and for your presence. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. [Music] Times it takes a mountain. Sometimes a troubled sea. Sometimes it takes a wizard to get a hold of me. Love is so much more than whatever troubles me. Sometimes it takes a moment to get through and believe. One more time. Let's sing it one more time. Sometimes it takes a mount. Sometimes [Music] we can take a Amen. Amen. Did you enjoy that this morning? Amen. God is so good. Hallelujah. Amen. Couple songs popped into my head while I was listening. Amen. Um, change my heart, oh God. It's been on my heart lately. And I just, you mentioned something there. Make it ever true. Hallelujah. Chain heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. [Music] May it be like you. You are the potter. I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. [Music] You are the potter. I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. [Music] Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Amen. Amen. Amen. So was preaching there and talking about how brother Paul just a little speck of dust. I'm just a little speck of dust. You know, all that dust is nothing if there's no life in it. Without him, we truly are nothing. I just love this song. Nothing without you. Amen. [Music] Take these hands and lift them up. For I have not the strength to praise you near enough. [Music] I have nothing. I am nothing without you. [Music] Take my voice and pour it out. Let it sing the songs of mercy I have found. Lord, I am nothing. I have nothing. without you. And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see. I have nothing without you. Take my body and build it up. May it be broken as an offering of love. For I have nothing. I am nothing without you. Take my time here on this earth and let it glorify you all that you are worth. For I am nothing, Lord. I am nothing without you. And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see I have nothing without you. Sing number four again. Ivan take my time [Music] upon this earth. Hallelujah. and it glorify you all that you are worth. [Music] Lord, I am nothing. [Music] I am nothing without you. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. [Music] Elohheim, how we long to worship you. L Elohim. How we long to worship you, [Music] Lord. We come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstance, no matter what the situation, [Music] we will lift up holy hands. [Music] L [Music] Elohheim, [Music] how we long to worship you. Hell, [Music] Elohheim. How we long to worship you. [Music] Amen. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. I'm going to ask brother David, you just want to come bless the just close the service and bless the food. Amen. Yeah. Brother D. Brother David Deanhard. Brother David's in here today, I guess. [Music] I love revelation. Amen. I love the truth that can be manifested. That's what the bride is, the expression of himself. Truly a manifested word in this hour. Why couldn't she be deceived? She's the word. Amen. Thank the Lord. Let's bow our heads in prayer. Our heavenly father, it's so good to call you our father. Amen. Not by some mental conception, but by a true revelation of yourself in us. That true birth of Jesus Christ in us. Lord, we're so thankful that the word has become not a a letter. It's become your mind expressed. We were in that mind living, existing in you, made manifest for this hour, not for our glory, but for your glory and purpose. We're so thankful to bees, Lord, to be able to see ourselves and see yourself personalizing yourself to us. Yes, Lord. Lord, to know that our life is not our own. Our life to live is Christ. Amen. And die is gain. Thank you, Jesus. We are so thankful for the truth, Lord. The truth spoken, the truth lived. Yes, Lord. Lord Jesus, what an hour we have, Lord. What an hour to see you, to to know you. Thank you. Where your mind has been poured out, your mystery has been ex revealed. And then Lord, we say here we are, your thoughts expressed. Lord, we thank you for this opportunity. We thank you for the songs, the specials to see a brother that I saw at 16 years old, Brother Art. Lord, I I just think what time has passed in Flagstaff, Arizona, singing with the believers. Amen. Have his record at home. Lord, I think, oh God, thank you for your keeping power. Amen. Thank you for holding us true to the truth. Yes. Oh, how we love you. And we cannot love you without manifesting truth to others. For the life of your own life comes through the body. Amen. It comes through the body. Lord, we thank you, Father. And now, Lord, we give you thanks for the spiritual food that we've that we just cannot seem to have a capacity enough to receive it. Lord, I just need more and more. And we know we're on our way, little by little, step by step. Thank you, faith to faith into a body change, which we can have and do have a substance in us now, Lord. Oh God, we thank you for that substance. Lord, we thank you for your mercy now as we partake of the food that's being prepared for us. Lord, we give you praise for it and bless the hands that you've used to prepare it. Lord, we now by your word sanctify it and bless it to the good and nourishment of these bodies in your service. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. As we're dismissed, um, you're talking about how Amen. You know, say it louder, right? Amen. I couldn't help but think, you know, when you're a son or daughter of God and you receive that revelation, shout to the Lord. Amen. Let's just sing that this. Amen. [Music] If he doesn't get the words up there, I might mess it up. So, I've done that before. [Music] My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. You my comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath all that I am never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty praise to my king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Shout to the Lord. Amen. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. [Music] Amen. And can we just tell him thank you this morning? Amen. Hallelujah. [Applause] Amen. You are dismissed. God bless you. God be with you. [Music] Thank you. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
