################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - May 18, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett Countdown Of The Word - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-18
Title:    May 18, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett "Countdown Of The Word"
Speaker:  Paul Haylett
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 8m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6Yuqr4NsTE
========================================

Description:
Bro Paul Haylett
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Do you [Music] Good morning. God bless everyone. Um, look forward to a good service today. Um, you know, I love the song that she's playing, but maybe we'll sing it later. Let's start with number 792. Victory is mine. When I woke this morning, I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. Cried, "Lord, help me please." I got up singing and shouting, "Victory! Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind. Victory today is mine. Love is mine. Love is mine. Love today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind. Victory today is mine. And joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind. Joy today is mine. Peace is mine. Peace is mine. Peace today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind. Peace today is mine. Oh, happiness is mine. Happiness is mine. Happiness today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind. Happiness today is mine. Oh yes. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind. Victory today is mine. Amen. Let's sing when I reach that setting number 419. Let's stand together for this one. [Music] On the top of Mount Zion is a city and the earth with glory that fill. I shall look on its beauty in the morning when I reach that city on the hill. Oh, that city on the top of Mount Zion. Though a pilgrim, yet I love thee still. I'll not leave thee through the ages. And I reach that city on the hill. And I'm invited to come home to that city. For the word says, whosoever will. And I'll find there a mansion for me waiting. When I reach that city on the hill, oh that city on the top of Mount Zion, though a uphill, yet I love thee still. I'll not leave thee through the ages. When I reach that city on the hill, death will never molest me in that city. Never leave me lying cold and chill. And I'll enter to live up there forever. When I reach that city on the hill, oh that city on the top of Mount Zion, though uphill, yet I love thee still, and I'll not leave thee through the ages. when I reach that city on the hill. And so I'll stay here until my Savior calls me, trying daily to perform his will. Then he'll say unto me, "Well done up yonder." When I reach that city on the hill, oh that city on the top of Mount Zion, though a pilgrim, yet I love thee still. And I'll not leave thee through the ages. When I reach that city on the hill one more time. Oh that city on the top of Mount Zion. Though a pilgrim yet I love thee still. And I'll not leave thee through the ages. when I reach that city on the hill. Amen. Let's stay in the same queue for number [Music] 689. I just love this song. Kept thinking about it. So felt like to sing it this morning. Death has no terror for the blood one. No glory. Hallelujah to the lamb and the boasted victory of the grave is gone. Oh glory halleluah to the lamb. Jesus rose from the dead. Heroes triumphant as he said snatched the victory from the grave. Rose again our souls to say. Oh glory hallelujah to the lamb. Let's go up again. Our souls die daily to the world and sin. Oh, glory halleluah to the lamb by the spirit's power as he dwells within. Oh, glory halleluah to the lamb. Jesus rose from the dead. Heroes triumphant as he said snatched the victory from the grave. Rose again our souls to save. Oh glory hallelujah to the lamb we seek a city far beyond this veil. Oh, glory halleluah to the lamb where joy still shall never never fail. Oh, glory halleluah to the lamb. Jesus rose from the dead. He rose triumphant as he said. Snatch the victory from the grave. Rose again our souls to save. Oh glory hallelujah to the lamb. We'll then press forward to the heavenly land. Oh, glory halleluah to the lamb. Nor the troubles met on every head. Oh, glory halleluah to the lamb. Jesus rose from the dead. He rose triumphant as he said. snatched the victory from the grave. Rose again, our souls to save. Oh, glory, hallelujah to the land. We'll rise someday just as our savior rose. Oh, glory hallelu to the lamb. held and shall death be but a calary post. Oh glory hallelujah to the lamb. Jesus rose from the dead. He rose triumpant as he said snatched the victory from the grave. rose again. Our souls are saved. Oh, glory hallelujah to the lamb. Oh Jesus rose from the dead. Rose triumpant as he said, snatched the victory from the grave. rose again. Our souls are saved. Oh, glory hallelujah to the lamb. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing number 220 as we prepare for prayer. Think about his love. Think about his goodness. Think about his [Music] grace that's brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our Father's love. Yes. Great is the measure of our Father's love. Think about his love. Think about his goodness. Think about his grace that's brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our Father's love. Great is the measure of our father's love. One more time. Just think about his love. Think about his goodness. Think about his grace that's brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our Father's love. Great is the measure of our Father's love. Amen. As we go to prayer, let's remember sister uh Kristen and Epha as they're not feeling well. Um also brother Pashan, sister Ka and baby Isaac and uh brother Adrian and sister Aaya, brother Dais, sister Vicki and family and brother Wayne and family and also sister Dorcas uh for health and also family need and sister April couldn't be here today. Let's just remember her and uh saints in Salt City uh Salt Lake City and also saints in South Africa. Amen. Brother David, could you lead us in a word of prayer? Take these knees to the [Music] Lord. Bless you. Let's bow our heads. Our heavenly father, into thy presence we come. Not by works we have done but by your faith and through your faith by grace we are present here this morning. We bring these needs to you our father. It's so good that we know we have a father. And Lord to know that we know you Lord to know that we are in union with you. What an hour we live. What a fellowship. A perfect fellowship. And Lord Jesus, we bring these needs. The needs of those that are sick, our sister, little sister EA and Kristen as her home father. The needs of those that are online, every one of them, traveling, whatever it may be, we bring these needs before you, Lord, speaking grace, ministering life for life comes through your body. We are not here to serve ourselves. We are to serve the body. Lord, it's not our judgment who is and who isn't, but Lord, we have a union with you individually. And that's a great peace with a great rejoicing, a great deliverance. How we love you, Lord, to know that we were the word in the book that was unveiled. And who could unveil it but our bridegroom. Lord, we thank you for that unveiling. You brought us into a perfect union, a perfect communion that only you and your bride can re to fellowship with. And we thank you, Father. We thank you for the day you've given us here that we could come and honor your resurrection. That we rose with you when you rose. Died not only died with you when you died, but rose when you rose. And because I live, you said you live also. What a reality. What a revelation to know we pass from death to life and now growing into the very maturity of yourself. What a marriage it is. We give you praise and thanks. Looking forward to receiving the word this morning and going out of here raised to a higher plane. In Jesus Christ's name we ask these things. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Let's go to number [Music] 1048. We read of a place that's called heaven. It's made for the pure and the free. these truths in God's word he hath given. How beautiful heaven must be. How beautiful heaven must be. Sweet home of the happy and [Music] free. That haven of rest for the [Music] weery. How beautiful heaven must be. The angels so sweetly are singing up there by the beautiful sea. Sweet cords on their gold harps are [Music] ringing. How beautiful heaven must be. Oh, how beautiful heaven must be. Sweet home of the happy and free that heaven of rest for the [Music] wee. How beautyful heaven must be. How beautiful. Oh, how beautiful heaven must [Music] be. Sweet home of the happy and free. At haven of rest for the weery, how beautiful heaven must be. Amen. As we embar um in the morning when I rise um it's called give me Jesus. [Music] In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. [Applause] [Music] You can have all this world but give me Jesus. And when I am alone, when I am alone, when I am alone, give me Jesus. [Music] Give me Jesus. Give me [Applause] Jesus. You can have all this world but give me Jesus. [Music] And when I am in Oh, when I am afraid, when I am araid, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me [Music] Jesus. You can have all this world. But give me Jesus. Oh, when I am in prayer. When I am in prayer. When I am in prayer. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. [Music] Give me [Applause] [Music] Jesus. You can have all this world but give me [Music] Jesus in the morning. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. Give me Jesus. [Music] Just give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this world, but give me Jesus. Amen. The solution to every problem, every circumstance that we have is to be found in our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And it's uh just wonderful to be here this morning. I sure appreciate the song service. It just uh just very much touched me along the very thoughts that we think and you know it's just uh it's beautiful to be able to come together and worship the Lord. Amen. Just have liberty to know we're not here to impress anyone. It's not about how we dressed or or you know any of thing like that but we we just able to come bring our lick of fire together. Amen. as a reminder to pray for one another. I tell you when I see you saints, it it's just a constant reminder to u midnight hour as it is just to lift up the body of believers and remember them in prayer. We might not always greet each other, be able to see each other here, uh but by God's grace, we can let our prayers meet at the throne of God and come as a sweet odor, a sweet uh smell before him. And we thank the Lord for that opportunity. I know we want to remember sister Toma. Brother Vasilei, I had you on my list right here, but you are standing here. So, but we'll still pray for brother Vasilei uh and uh our sister Toma uh and uh baby is on a little trip and we just pray the Lord just be with him, keep them safe. May it be a wonderful time. I bring greetings to you from brother Joanie Miy and the church there in Colona. Uh and uh brother Jonah will be coming. I think it's the second Sunday of July. Uh Lord willing that he'll be here and sister Edna and uh preach for us. Amen. Let's turn in our Bibles this morning. Amen. And uh just uh thank you musicians. That was lovely. Appreciate it. Brother Alex, uh the songs uh I I love that when the songs just kind of fit in certain part portions of the songs just just uh touch to what you've been thinking what the Lord's laid on our heart. And uh Philippians the 3 chapter starting with verse 7. We are going to talk uh a title that I use today. So you're going to find uh the countdown of the word. Uh, I just, uh, spent the last few days listening to the countdown. And, uh, you know, sometimes, uh, there's more in a a sermon uh, than than you remember there was. You know what I mean? You you just, uh, start to hear it play and you're like, "Oh, beautiful point. Oh, that's so good. That's so good." And you know, finally, some of you that are good with technology understand, but you know, I I used to stop the the uh message program on my phone and go to notes and would write a note out and then I woke up and realized all I have to do is push two buttons and take a picture of the screen and it's right there perfectly worded. And I I literally was thankful that u I I was uh what I was doing. I was able as I was listening to the countdown over a period of days there uh going back and and I had just all kinds of pictures because it's like that quote is so good that quote is so good and anyway so it had enough impact uh we'll we'll uh just uh be speaking today on the countdown of the word and um as a subtitle um we will take moving forward um because this is what the prophet of God is talking about if you're familiar here. Uh, and remember what the countdown is about. Brother Brandham's talking about through the ages started out with horse and buggy and was just kept moving forward, moving forward, moving forward and titles it or brings it to the end as the astronaut age. And uh then he as he brings us to this place that we're in the astronaut age, he takes it even a step further of the astronaut age. And we'll just by God's grace address that uh in the thought today. Amen. Philippians the 3 chapter starting with the 7th verse uh 7-15. But what things were gained to me, those I counted for loss for Christ. Now, just so you'll understand where I'm thinking, this is moving forward. What I thought was gain, I counted as loss for Christ. So moving into another position, moving into something that obviously what he had gained in the natural, he said that is loss because I'm going to gain something more in Christ. Yay, doubtless, and I count all things but loss, for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord, for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and do count them but dung, that I might may win Christ, and be found in him, not having my own righteousness, which is of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, the righteousness, righteousness which is of God by faith. that I may know him and the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his sufferings being made conformable unto his death. If by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead, not as though I had already attained, either were already perfect, but I follow after, if that I may apprehend that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus. Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended, but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind and reaching forth unto those things which are before. As we read that, you can see the very clear vein moving forward. Moving forward, not moving sideways, not going back, but moving forward. I want to read verse 13 again. Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended, but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth into those things which are before, I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. Let us therefore, as many as be perfect, be thus minded. And if anything ye be otherwise minded, God shall reveal even this unto you. Amen. Heavenly Father, Lord, we come together this morning and Father, I pray that you would just touch each heart that's here today. You know every need and every circumstance. Father, you know our health, Lord. You know our finances, Lord. You know our relationships. You know our spiritual well-being this morning, Lord. And Father, we want to commit each one of these things to you, Lord. That Father, you would have complete control over that. That we would be here in the house of God today. And those who might not be here this morning, but Lord, that you would deal kindly with them. Father, those that are not here, Lord, would you just make a way for them, Father? Lord, don't let people get away, Father, where they get a out of the coal, out of the fire, because it cannot stay hot by itself, but it needs to be joined together as a lick of fire. Father, that the heat around it would keep it hot also. And Father, I ask you just to speak to each and every heart today. Ask that your word would be so alive in us today. We're living in a day that Satan has come and deceived us in so many fashions to make things that are that are of no value attractive and the things that are of eternal value less attractive. Father, focus our hearts on you. We ask you, Father, speak today in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. Hallelujah. Now, as we would look at these things in the word today, it tells us, the apostle Paul tells us to be thus minded to press towards the mark for the prize of the high calling. And you know, you have to be of one mind when it comes to the word of God. For the scripture says that a double-minded person will be double-minded in all of their ways. And if we are here and we are holding anything in our life that we would consider of an equal value to the gospel of Jesus Christ, if we hold to that, then we would be sitting here today, and I hope this isn't too blunt for you, but we'd be sitting here today as a double-minded person. And and that means that you will find yourself unstable in everything that you were doing in your life. And I can tell you there was a time in my own life that I was unstable. And it's no position to be in. It's kind of, if I could put it in a natural analogy, most of us have done something like this. You you go to cross the creek and and the the thing you don't want to do is is get your feet wet. And you know, you look for a place that you believe you can walk across. But as you're in the middle of the stream, you step on that one rock and it starts to rock back and forth and and you know without having balance, you will ultimately be stepping off into the creek and your feet will be wet. And so if you uh start that with a doubt or a fear that your feet are going to get wet, you might as well just walk through the creek and get to the other side with wet feet. Because you see, in the middle of the stream is no place to lose your balance. It's not a place that we want to come and and start to question, you know, is this really real? The the world seems to be attractive, my brother and sister. I'll tell you the bane of young people in our day is people who are attractive to you and are not uh on fire for God. Amen. That's what Satan loves to do. He loves to put someone in our life that is attractive to us. It might be personality. It might be looks. It might be just uh something overall in that. And to find that they are are less than committed is like the loose rock in the middle of the stream. And then we find people that all their life, Amen. We see it all the time. They may have been raised in the house of God and someone holds so much sway over them that they get to a point they don't know right or left. And you know what happens? This thing called gravity. And gravity will always take you down. And so it's always easier to take the easy path than it is to stand solid upon what God has called us to. And so as we'll look at this in Philippians 3:7, very familiar scripture to us. Amen. I I want to go back once again as we move on to drive home this point. Amen. Verse 13. I count not myself to have apprehended, but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind. In other words, when God has already taken you and delivered you out of the grip of Satan in the world we're living in today, don't go looking back and reminiscing of lovely memories that you had of this and of that, but forget those things and reach forth into those things which are before. Amen. So let's press to the mark of the high calling. Now the apostle Paul is here. We know the story. I don't have to revisit every bit of this. But all that he had done attained to a certain position as a Pharisee in the early portions of Philippians 3. There he's talking about how that he uh of all people had attained had the perfect pedigree, the perfect schooling, had rose up into a perfect position in the church. And he looks at that and he says, "You know what? that loss was actually gain to me when when that was behind me. I actually count that as gain. And so it's there he's moving forward in the word telling us that he moved forward. And what he did do is he gained Christ. But he said I and I say that he's this because God put a humble spirit even though he boldly says I Paul an apostle of Jesus Christ. I Paul a prisoner. He speaks very positive but actually the apostle Paul was very humble. He was staying there because he knew it was only the grace of God that put him where he was at. Paul himself would have just continued to rise in the hierarchy of the church and come to a place that he was very acknowledged as this great man who would give such service and and had uh uh judged and crucified many a a heretic and by God's grace he got turned from that and he acknowledges that and so it's there he says I I counted it gain amen when I came to Christ that that was I always thought I was serving him, but it really was gain when I come to him. And so I'm forgetting those things behind. Now, you know, the Apostle Paul could have, if God had laid it upon his heart, he could have put in print the very afflictions, the thorn in his flesh. He could have explained it to us. But you see, he didn't want us to focus on what the thorn was in his life. He wanted us to come to this place and recognize that we have a thorn. Amen. If he'd have said it was this, then people would have said, "Oh, that's the only thorn there is." But when he talked about the thorn in the flesh, my brother and sister, God left that open enough that you and I this morning, if we would be open with ourselves and honest, we would say, "We have a thorn in our flesh." Amen. We have something that is there. But you know what? You might say, "It's it's hard, Brother Paul. I I just simply can't. But the Apostle Paul is encouraging you today to forget the thorn in your flesh and move forward. Amen. Don't Don't stay there focused on the thorn. I have a thorn. I have a thorn, you know, and this is why I can't. No, he's telling you just move on. Move forward. Go beyond the thorn. Do not use your childhood or something of your adulthood. Do not use a circumstance. Don't use social position or anything like that as an excuse. Amen. You can have the thorn and move on from that thorn closer and gain Christ. Amen. So, we want to move forward. Now, in the sermon, the countdown, I'm going to have several quotations from this sermon today. And uh if I had listed every quotation that I had, I would just have to spend time today just reading quote after quote because it was very much moving to me. Now look at this paragraph 36 out of out of uh uh the program that I use. Sometimes those quotes uh uh yeah the numbers change but he says the natural man by the knowledge looks backwards for his achievement. Now, I I just want to ask you, have you been I hope I'm not the stranger in the crowd here, but have you ever at been a time in a maybe a melancholic moment that you would look back at something you had accomplished and you did that because you knew that would make you feel a little bit better? You know, it's like, well, we done this, we done that. Oh, thank you, Lord. We did this. But you see, my brother and sister, what we did in the past will slowly fade. It will slowly as days go by. I I'm sorry to address this uh to those of you that maybe had birthdays or or maybe some graduates that are coming up. You know, these are milestones, but they're also a stone that you will go miles beyond very shortly. Amen. So, you just keep moving and you look at this and we'll have things that happen in our life. We look to that. Oh, praise God. I did this. Now, it it is there that we have to be careful. We don't put too much focus on the past because God's not dealing in the past. And we'll touch on that in just a moment. Amen. Looking backwards for his uh achievement. That's science. See to what God has done in a former creation. They go out and pick up clouds and get pieces of rocks and fossils and elements and ties them together. Is that not adequate with today, my brother and sister? I just love science. They're like, "We found this certain thing here. We carbon dated it. It is 66 million years old." As though we in a present time would have a clue what something 66 million years old looks like. But they go and they use something and in that they said, "Well, it's because we're certain that this rock was this old." Well, how are they certain that this rock is this old? How are they certain of how the mineral will degrade and how these things will take place? But they're looking see they to see what God has done in former creation. In other words, not even talking about a different age, a different time, a different but whatever God formed previous. Now, I want you to think spiritual because that's where the prophet's taking this. Amen. They go out, pick up cloths, get pieces of rocks and fossils and elements and ties them together. See on that achievement they are taking what God has done and perverting it from its original estate and making his living quarters and so forth and his economy a little better by what has been created. That's in the natural achievement by man. Now I want to do a little explaining if you don't mind here for just a moment. We come out here and and it's probably not too much left, but there's still a little bit of old growth forest and they love to log it because it makes the best lumber for building the best houses. So, we're taking what God has already put on the earth. We're sawing it up and making wood to build a house. Amen. We are digging up minerals from the earth. Look at the emphasis that is in the world right now of these rare earth minerals that they're fighting all over the world to get their hands on these rare earth minerals. Amen. What is that? Did man put that there? Was that No, my brother and sister, that's previous creation. Amen. We look at the gold and the silver and all of these things like this. And in fact, we live in such a simple world that people build a house on a on a a gravel bar and they want to go find the best of soil, but they got to go somewhere else to get it because the gravel bar won't provide it. And so they are now taking something God created and bringing it over and using it to make a better house, a better home, a better living. And so we look at this how the prophet of God speaking this so touches on the very attitude and approach of the world today the the uh uh the investment you might say that is put out by mankind to touch or reach into the creation of God to bless themselves. They're not doing it to bless God. Amen. So it's there. It's natural achievement by man. But God in the spiritual achievement is going forward, not going backward. He is going forward, looking into the word. Oh, come on, saints. We're not going to find it out here in science. Looking into the word. Amen. and believing the promises for things that never has come yet for the spiritual revelations to manifest the spiritual things that God has promised. Looking forward to the spiritual manifestation of what God has promised and yet we have not seen. My brother and sister, we'll preach it and we'll preach it till we no longer can preach it. That we're not waiting for a rapture. We are the rapture. Amen. We are the changing of this body natural and spiritual. Amen. So the natural side you say what is that? Yes. This soul is no longer corruptible seed. Amen. It is now becoming put on the incorruptible. And the soul predestinated of God before the foundation of the world is a soul that God himself said cannot be lost. So we're seeing the manifestation of the promised word. Amen. He sees them come to pass just as the scientists in his laboratory are working on different things to help man taking creation. The spiritual man is looking forward to something that God promised that has never yet been created. Now, we'll get into this a little further, but I want to just plant this seed. And I appreciated Brother David's prayer. Amen. My brother and sister, you are sitting here today. This will be a little redundant. forgive me. But you're sitting here today and I believe every one of us at some point in time will have the thought, I don't have enough faith. Well, I want to know where did you get this faith at anyhow? Amen. Is it a faith that you found? Did you dig it out from underneath a rock in a creek bed somewhere? Is it faith you found on top of a mountain somewhere? Where did this faith come from? Amen. God created this faith. It is his faith and he's the one that gives it. And he actually gives it quite liberal but we are looking at it from an accomplishment on our part. I have faith. My brother and sister, you have a revelation of what God has given you. But that does not mean that you actually are a possessor of faith as though it would be to have something like a coin. See, are you with me? Amen. The natural man looks backwards. The spiritual man looks forward. That's the way they got that in the church. The natural church member looks back to what Finny Sanki Knox Calvin that was all right. But that was their day. We are looking forward for something else. The promise that's greater and higher what God has promised. Science goes back to pick it up. We go forward in the word of the Lord to find what God has achieved. Amen. And I just want to ask you, Amen. Do you believe that the rapture has been achieved in you? Amen. We are not looking for a day when something will change out here and then suddenly the rapture will become a reality. The rapture is a reality. The revelation of it to you and I is still coming. But God has already through his word declared it is so. So that means every element that it takes for the rapture has already been created. Amen. Just not revealed to you and I. Amen. Amen. Cuz if we had a revelation of the rapture, we'd actually be gone. So you see, there's a key element that God has not placed in us yet. Because when that comes to pass and the word is spoken, Amen, we're gone. Amen. It's not going to be, wow, the miracle of the rapture. Well, we as humans will look at it as a miracle, but to God, it is the fulfillment of his word that he has already spoken. Amen. So, we're not looking back. Now, see what happens. We get caught in a time warp. And uh so, we we'll look back and and and uh we quote and so don't misunderstand me. I'm not saying this is a harsh thing, but we look back in time. and brother Brandham said and and that's good because it is the word of God put down in a language that's good for people like myself and it's there but you know if we don't if we're not careful we'll look back and we'll say but this is here and this is where the life was and this is where it's at and this is where you know these things are taking place we're looking back we're looking back we're looking back 10 vision is a good example my brother and sister uh people looking back believing that somehow or another the prophet of God uh you know it didn't take place then so he must return to manifest the tent vision but the prophet of God preached the word and the word revealed that the tent vision that little room is that one the prophet of God's talking about and now medical science has found this little place in the heart there's your tent amen there's the place he's going to meet you in there amen see we have to sometimes to stop and in the right time, the re right season see that what God revealed to brother Brham as a little building that was there in the middle of the tent and it was there and people walking in there. My brother and sister, what he was seeing was people coming in the presence of God, coming and meeting the Holy Spirit and the Holy Spirit doing a mighty work in their life. And I want to you to explain when you receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, explain how it happened. You're going to walk out of there saying, "Hey, what happened in there? I don't know, but something happened. I'm changed." Amen. And so, we see how this being manifested, my brother and sister, in the way God chooses to express it is not always uh in in the way that he presents it to us. He he expresses it as a little wooden building. The prophet up higher, looking down, seeing a little building. He's seeing people walk out healed, walked out, deliverance. people walked out filling filled with the Holy Ghost and and God used that. But we are such earthbound tangible oriented people that we have to have something here. We can put our hands to it. But God says, I want you to look in the spiritual because uh uh just uh uh not to go into this but just interacting with some brothers overseas and talking about you know how that God has come and he puts things down here in the natural. Well, brother Brandham emphasizes this, the natural typing the spiritual. Now, what we could really, my brother and sister, stop and say, "Oh, yes, I see this. I see this." But you need to look much deeper. You need to look down that everything that God did. Amen. Look at Israel's journey out of Egypt. Every one of you before you go in rapture will have taken the same exact journey that Israel took out of Egypt, including going through the wilderness of sin, you're going to run into the serpent. And look at why. Look at the world we live in, my brother and sister. Sin is rampant. Amen. And every one of us at some point in time has been bitten by the serpent. But we just need to look up and live. Amen. And we're living in a day when the prophet of God talking about the gifts that was given to Elvis Presley and all of that gamut of men that God gave those gifts and how they misused those. What happened was God gave them the gift. They're walking in the journey. They got bit by the serpent, but they did not look up and live. Amen. They decided, I'm just going to let the serpent's venom flow through me and and what it will be will be. They sold out their gift. And brother Brandham makes it very clear when they stand before God one day, they'll realize what they sold their gift for was not near enough. Amen. They sold out cheap. They got millions of dollars. And they sold out too cheap. My think about it. Don't let some little thing on this earth right here, popularity and a little bit of economics and whatever else. Don't don't sell out for that cuz the day will come you'll recognize that was too cheap. Amen. So we get caught in a time warp if we're not careful as message believers. We're looking back. Look at the great move of God. I just listening at several different sermons and the final one was countdown. But just listening to the prayer line and the prophet of God, they're not even coming up front. Those that were had a prayer card. They're they're standing there waiting and the prophet of God saying, "And now you the little lady in the blue dress now this and this and this in your life and the one next to you this and this and this and one next to you and sir next to her and it just goes right down the line." Imagine my brother and sister, you know, we're looking with anticipation or disappointment about a prayer card and yet the Holy Spirit comes down right in the midst of the people and says, "I'm going to show you that I'm present." And every one of these, you know, brother Brandham, how difference of peoples, you know, he's like, "Now, little sister, if that's true, lift your hand." Now she's lifted her hand. Now, you know, she's declaring that's the truth. And then now it's moving over on you, sir. And you had this situation. And you, sister, oh, it's not for you. It's for your two brothers that are alcoholics and need deliverance. Amen. Oh. But you look in the world we live in today and they'll say there's no evidence of that ministry. What are they looking for? Yeah, that's right. Credibility by their standard. Credibility by their deal. And and this has been something that's bothered me lately in a sense. Not bothered me as a negative, but just been on the side of my mind. My brother and sister, it's one thing for a voice to call you out, but there's got to be a voice to call you in. Amen. And and there's a lot of voices today trying to call you out. But where are they trying to take you? In many cases, they have nowhere to take you to. And just like Israel coming up to the Red Sea, they say, "We've been better off if we'd stayed in denomination. If we had just stayed in Egypt, everything would be fine." I didn't get beaten too hard while I was making bricks. My stomach was full. I knew what to expect. But you see the voices that are trying to call out, they're actually the voices of Dayan and Corora in the wilderness trying to call you out. We're just as spiritual as you are. Amen. And God has called them. And you just look at this pattern and see if God doesn't hold to this pattern. They're the ones that are saying we're just as spiritual. And then as it was with Day and Corinum and those that stood with them, the earth opened up and swallowed them. And this day we're not having an actual physical earth opening up and swallowing, but the earth itself, Leodysian spirit is opening up and swallowing. Amen. Be in church on a Sunday and the next on the beach half naked, my brother and sister, and say, "How did that happen?" Because you do not come and tell God he's wrong. That's the simple truth. Does have nothing to do with the message. It's just a matter of you do not tell God he is wrong. Amen. So, we get caught in a time warp. If we're not careful, we keep looking back. But I tell you, my brother and sister, the revealed word, and we believe the word's been revealed, right? It's still revealing. Amen. It didn't stop when the prophet went off the scene. When God took the prophet, the revealing of the word didn't stop right there. Amen. And God has kept right on, but he took it down into a personal level where sons and daughters of God reading their Bible, studying the message, and one day they say, "Man, that makes sense. I just heard over here and this here, I understand it. The word, Amen, is still revealing." And if you don't think it's not even revealing the intents of the heart, my brother and sister, we won't go into that here. But I tell you, God is coming so direct that maybe words are spoken in a service and of everybody out of the hundreds that might be sitting or the dozen or two that are sitting, no one gets it, but one person says, "That's exactly where I'm at." Amen. The word discerning, it's not always a voice saying, "Now you over there in that row wearing that color clothing that this and this and this." But sometimes in this day, it's just the preaching of the word. And it might bypass everyone else in the building, but it comes right down to the heart of that individual. And what is God doing? He's using the word. Amen. And not a gift as it were. Now, be careful. You understand what I'm saying? Not a gift as it were to discern the heart. He's letting the word go forth and discern the heart. And when the word comes and discerns the heart, the prophet of God tells us a real believer says amen to that word. Amen. So be it, Lord. what you just spoke to my heart, so be it. Amen. Let it be real. Hallelujah. So, the revealed word is still revealing. Amen. Now, we rejoice in the things that have been revealed to us in the past. The message, the word coming together. We certainly do that. Now, look how brother Brandham expressed this. Amen. The spiritual, this is, we already read this in the quote, but I just want to reiterate it. The spiritual man is looking forward to something that God promised. So if God promised it in this day we can find the promise. Amen. Amen. The promise is is without doubt can be found. That has never yet been created. Now please bear with me very carefully. How many times have we said Lord I need more faith. I believe every every Christian that's really every soldier that's really fighting the fight has come to a point in time says Lord I need more faith. And then sometimes or maybe all the time we repent from that. Oh Lord forgive me for doubting. But you see, my brother and sister, uh uh we we're coming to a place if we could just go somewhere in the present stage of the message and we could just go, "Oh, I know what we would do. We would copy the Muslims and we would have a Mecca and we could go listen to brother so and so preach the message and receive more faith. I didn't include the quote because I know I'll be probably longer than I should, but prophet of God in the same sermon talking in countdown talking about how that you have a fever and uh you go and the you know the pastor prays for you and his faith bonded together with your faith and the fever leaves and the prophet of God speaking so positive about the ministry. Now, please don't think I'm here touting the ministry, but you see the prophets speaking so highly of the ministry, but people don't think so much about the ministry anymore. They they can tell you there's all kinds of horror stories about I I believe the message and tell this pastor, my brother and sister, my Bible tells me that Satan cannot cause me to be separated from the word of God. Amen. Amen. So what happens now? Is the man really the problem? The pastor. Oh, there can be problems. Oh, yeah. Trust me, I'm not going to defend them. They can be problems. They have done. Men have done. They're not really actually pastors. Pastor is a title to them. Men have done every devious and dishonest deed to other people. Is that the same pastors that the word is talking about? No. That's an anointing from the pits of hell. But look how many people no longer would even sit in a church and listen to a pastor speak. That's right. Isn't Satan clever? He's come right in and caused a separation. I no longer go to church. Well, I'm sorry. My Bible says not to forsake. Right. Right. See how tricky Satan is? Oh, we need more faith. Where are we going to find more faith? Brother Brandham has spoke these words. There's people here, not enough faith to heal a toothache. Pretty straightforward words, isn't it? Yeah. But let's look here in just moving forward in the law 1955. Now Paul speaking here of the valley or the shadow rather the law being a shadow of good things to come could never make the worshipper perfect. Then he goes on to show what the perfection is. See, we got to make sure that we actually understand when the word calls us to be perfect what that perfection is. If you're looking for perfection in flesh, my brother and sister, you will be discouraged. You will quit serving God. You will never walk in another church. If you are thinking you're going to find perfect flesh. Amen. Now, it's strange thing that it is so much thought of people. They say, "Well, I'm weak. My faith is not very much. I'm not a very good Christian." That's just what the devil wants you to say. You're talking his language right then. I don't think any one of us right now wants to say, you know, I don't have any problem talking the devil's language. I It's no big deal. It won't have an effect on me. My brother and sister, I tell you, I've shared this story here uh uh about the three men in the plane crash in the Sierra Nevada. And the one guy totally unheard says, "We're going to die here." The other one's injured, and he's like, "Oh, there's no way I can go out." The third guy is ends up having a broken back. And he says, "I promised my daughter I'd be at her soccer game this Friday, and I will be there." And he climbs down the mountain, bent over. His back hurts so bad he fell in tree wells. He fell in the creek. He slept under a tree, scraping pine needles over himself at night, plowing through the snow and comes out on a Thursday into a place where families are tubing. And the kids start screaming and the dads start running to defend their children and find this muddy, bloody mess of a man. And he's there and they rush him off to the hospital. He's there in the hospital and he tells the doctor. The doctor says, "Well, your back is broken. you need to be put into a a deal to hold you straight for a few weeks and and um this is you'll be okay. And he says, "Doctor, I I have a request." And the doctor's like, "What?" And he says, "My daughter is going to be playing soccer, and I promised her I would be there." And the doctor says, "No problem. This brace that we have is actually designed for you to be able to sit in a wheelchair with this brace on." And there he is on a Friday afternoon in a wheelchair at his soccerers game. And when the when they flew up there with the medevac and the search and rescue, they found the other two men frozen to death. My brother and sister, tell me your confession. Won't change the outcome of your life. Oh, that's just one little story, brother Paul. That's a story of the man that should have been the least likely to have lived through the experience was the one who lived. And it come down to the fact that as he laid there shivering at night saying, "Oh, I'm going to die here and they'll never find me." And then something come in his mind and says, "Wait, I've got an appointment." And I'm going to tell you this morning, we have an a divine appointment. Amen. We will not die in this wilderness of Leodysia. We have a divine appointment and it's real in our heart. We're not sitting here, I hope I can make it. I might make it. If everything goes perfect, I'll make it. Everything is perfect because God said it was perfect. We have an idea of what we think is perfect. And that becomes our excuse of why we don't move forward. You never say that. Don't ever let your testimony be negative. Let it be positive all the time. I am saved. My goodness, I got mud on my face. I feel horrible. And something comes into your heart. In spite of the mud on my face, in spite of everything around me, I am saved because the blood of Jesus Christ is not defeated. But the devil would like you to believe that somehow that blood is not sufficient. I have God in my heart. I believe him with all my heart. Do you believe in divine healing with all my heart? Let your testimony always and your thoughts, everything never permit a negative thought. Now, I want to ask you, is any of us so immune that we don't have this battle? Every single day. But I tell you what we also have is the word that we can go back and say, you know what, the blood of Jesus Christ is sufficient. I am saved. Amen. I do have affliction in my body. I need healing. But he said I'm healed. So therefore, I am healed. That's right. I've got troubles. But he's my peace. Amen. We have something to go back to. That's right. That's your testimony, your thoughts. Never permit a negative thought to come to your mind. If you can help it when it starts that don't entertain it will you say I I can't help the thoughts from coming. I made a reference to this in service the other day. Amen. It'll be like the farmer that said he couldn't stop the birds from flying over his place but he could sure stop them from roosting. Hallelujah. I think it's time for us to dig our stick the word out. Amen. And start knocking these birds right off. Amen. not letting them hang around to tell us and convince us and to make their mess in our life. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Don't entertain them. Pass it on. No, sir. Jesus Christ is my savior. All things are mine by God. I'm going to keep them. I'm going to testify of them. And God can only bless you as you confess that he has done it for you. Now, I want to tie back to that earlier quotations in scripture. My brother and sister, you say, "Well, what God has done for me," you need to just sit here and say, "If I don't see healing in this body, God is already going and bringing and moving healing." That's right. Does that mean everyone's going to get healed? No. The prophet of God shows us very clearly that some of us our healing will come in our passing over and either the rapture or in the body. But when we show there, you're not going to find anybody hobbling in heaven. No cripples in heaven. Amen. No diabetics in heaven. Amen. No, no issues in the mind. Nothing in heaven. It's all done. and my brother and sister. And you think about what we go through here and we complain and we whine and we cry about things and you think about what the saints of the ages went through. Amen. Some of them suffered in the physical body like we will never know what suffering is. And then we're here to complain because we have a backachche, a hip ache, a foot ache, a whatever ache. Amen. We complain about our circumstances. Oh, life is so tight. I only have a couple dollars left over. Praise God. You got $2. Amen. Now, be good stewards with it. That's right. Amen. See, he's the high priest of our confession. Amen. Is that right? Hebrews 3, he said that he's the high priest of our confession. He can only do for us as we accept it and believe it and confess it. Oh, my brother and sister, let me just go a little further here. I'm my brain is wanting to sidetrack me and I I want to just just uh come here. Amen. Rapturing faith. Don't have faith for a toothache. Rapturing faith seems so far out of line. But let's look at this. Rapturing faith. We believe in it, don't we? Amen. Amen. That's good because it's not your faith anyway. That's right. Your faith could never human faith could never take you in a rapture. Now, if you go back and read in the history books, there was a man many years ago. So I I I just it's kind of a vague memory, but he was starting to understand the whole realm of flight. He he wanted to fly, had a yearning to fly, and he looked around and he saw the birds with the feathers and he thought, you know, they're really not much different than us. And and he glued all kinds of feathers on his arms and legs and went and jumped off the roof of the church. They took him to the hospital because you see seeing something and it being enough revelation to take place. I see a rapture. I trust that you see a rapture. But my brother and sister, I right now cannot step off this platform and go in the rapture because God has to initiate the rapture in me. It's not something I can perform, but God has already said it is in you. Amen. The word says it is in you. Amen. So in God creating this faith, he puts faith where faith needs to be. I want to bring up Sister Glattis in South Africa. Again, she's had problem with her eyes for years. She's not very well off. She broke her glasses. Actually had to go kind of around blind for a little while till she saved enough money to get a pair of glasses. I'm telling you, a different set of economics. If I bust my glasses, I go down the next day, I get another pair of glasses. Amen. And and so here's a sister with a with this issue of this and and as I've shared with the church there, she's sitting in church on that Friday. She's looking up there and all of a sudden, Brother Paul in the pulpit gets all blurry. Amen. And she then takes her glasses off to rub her eyes and brother Paul in the pulpit is clear. Puts them back on, he's blurry. Takes them off, he's clear. Amen. And she wasn't sitting there in the service praying for her eyes. She was there saying amen to the word. And God said, the fact that she has said amen to my word, I'm going to release my faith and heal her. And when he released that, it's right there with that being the farthest from her mind that she receives her healing of her eyes. And praise God, it wasn't temporary. Amen. It wasn't. She didn't even mention it to anybody for a little bit because probably the human element saying, "But what if? But what if?" Not necessarily doubting, not afraid, not an anxiety, but what if? And amen. When the days went by right there, just a few short days, a couple days actually, she finally said, "I got to testify. I've got to let the world know that God healed my eyes." Amen. Now, you look at that. That was no way. All the time she prayed, "Lord, heal my eyes." What she was concerned about was actually completely losing her sight. That's what bothered her. Yeah. Wearing glasses, she could accept that losing her sight. Lord, please touch my eyes. What if God didn't answer that prayer the day she first prayed it? Well, I guess I guess I'm just supposed to wear glasses the rest of my life. I mean, you figure I was 13 when I first had to get glasses. That's 50 years. Could I tell you how many times I prayed for the Lord to touch my eyes? I still wear glasses and may well wear glasses to the coming of the Lord, but I'm believing Sister Glattis's testimony. Amen. Let it be at a time, Lord, when we least expect it. Come and move in our midst, Lord, when we least expect it. Amen. We're expecting you, Lord, to do something in this service today. And maybe all that God will do today was water the seed of your faith. Amen. That he would come down and you would say, "You know what, Lord? I I in myself, I look and I say, I don't have enough faith, but just a second. I have a promise that he's going to give me faith. I'm not going to miss the rapture because I didn't have enough faith. If I believe the word, I've lived the word, I've honored God with my life, I've done all of these actions, I don't want to call them works, but done all of these actions, when it comes time and God says it's rapture time, he's going to put rapturing faith right down in you, and you are going to respond to that rapturing faith. Amen. It might well be an amen. midnight hour, in the early morning, whatever it might be for you. It might be you're laying there in bed thinking about the good things that God has done for you, and you say, "Thank you, Lord." And God said that tipped the scale right there. Amen. Hallelujah. You see, my brother and sister, he puts faith where it needs to be. Amen. Amen. Because that quote that I wish now that I would have included, the prophet of God says, "The pastor's faith and your faith together." Oh, so maybe the pastor's faith alone wouldn't be enough just to pray for them and they'd be healed. And the individual's faith alone wouldn't be enough for them to just receive their healing. But they come together. Yeah. Okay. Can is it okay with you guys if we just now push the pastor out of the picture? He talks too much anyway. What if our faith That's right. That's it. What if our faith What if our faith Yeah. What if our faith Y bound together? That's it. Does it have to have a preacher in it? I don't think so. I don't think so. Right. But we can bind our faith together. Now imagine if all of us sitting here this morning would choose and make a decision to bind our faith together. Hallelujah. That's right. What a difference it would make in the atmosphere of Grace Tabernacle. The difference it would make in our children's lives and our marriages and our own personal life if we'd all bind our faith together. But it's not going to work if it's just our little faith and our little faith and they have their faith and we have our faith. No, my brother and sister, we've got to have his faith. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. We got to go forward and believe as I've already spoken. Amen. God promised he would meet you in that little room. Amen. He's not going to send an ambassador. Amen. Oh, our pastor so spiritual. We'll send him to the little room for us. I'm sorry you Catholics. That's not going to work. You can't send someone else to receive your blessing for you. You've got to show up to that little room yourself. Amen. Now, Psalm 37:23 says, "The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord, and he delightth in his way." So, every good step that you take in your life, yes, that's because you're good people. Every step has already been ordered. Who ordered that? Can I order your steps? I if I order if I can order your steps today and then God will bless you because of that, then I'm going to start ordering you. But it doesn't work that way. Amen. It's God who does the ordering. Amen. And every one of us binding our faith together is encouraging one another to move forward. To move forward. back into the message, the countdown, paragraph 76. Are we doing okay this morning? Okay, so they got in their great big scientific tube here not long ago, astronaut tube, and they're taking the countdown now, headed for the moon. They're getting off of here, too. They've got an a astronaut in a big tube powered by atomic power and they can send it plum to the moon. They claim they got in their tube and are waiting for the countdown. The spiritual astronaut, that's us. Okay. The spiritual astronaut got in Christ and is listening to the countdown of the word. Oh, think about it, my brother and sister. I'm going to get sidetracked for a moment. Forgive me. But we are here. Oh my. The prophet of God says when the pope comes from America, "Oh, praise God. It's all over." No, my brother and sister, the prophet's telling us those are a sign of the end time. He didn't say that it's going to be next week or next month and this is going to be the whole thing. Because I'll tell you what happens. There's a people right now that are all in a tizzy over the pope from America. But you give it six months or a year and they'll be right back in the same rut they were in. Right? Amen. They'll be back right in the same spiritual position they were in when they announced the pope was from America. Because you see, it's just the fact that you saw that take place is not what's going to get you ready. It's when that is there a sign to you. Amen. We see signs in the heavens. We see signs in the earth. We see signs in the word. And the prophet of God then says it's there the countdown of the word. Amen. What is it? It's not what's happening out there, my brother and sister, that determines where we're at. It's what's happening in here is what determines what's happening. Amen. So they will do what they are going to do. I thought we lived in Sodom for a lot of years now. We were plum over on Garity in the church over there. I preached this sermon about it's got to happen soon. We're in Sodom and I don't know how many years. Maybe Sister Jerry could help me. It's got to be at least 15 years ago. 20 years ago. I thought we were in Sodom 20 years ago. And this might be it turns out to be the Pope that lives to be about 120 years old. Who knows? But that has nothing to do with you. That's right. Our position is in the countdown of the word. Amen. Oh yeah. These things got to happen. The word said it would happen. Amen. It was prophesied. It will happen. But I want to know, my brother and sister, how you feel about the prophecy concerning you. It's counting down. It's coming to its fulfillment each day. Counting down. Counting down. And we need to wake up and say, "What happens out there?" Amen. Yeah. It's evidence. It's taking place. But what happens right here is what really matters. Amen. Not looking for something else to motivate you. But let the word of God, let the Holy Spirit motivate you. Amen. Listening to the countdown of the word. Now, you Lutheran ought to shout. You Baptist and Presbyterian, watch the countdown of the word. Oh my. Countdown of the word. My, this is what caught my attention. Why I use this title, my brother and sister, because right here in this space, three times he comes down, countdown of the word, countdown of the word, countdown of the word. And I think he's trying to tell us something. What do you think? I think he's trying to convey to us that that we ought to be looking at the countdown of the word. They're headed for heaven, right? Not the moon. They'll pass the moon so fast they won't even see it. Oh my. Waiting for the countdown. Yes, sir. Waiting for the countdown is right. Amen. Taking off. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh my. Now look at this. What are they doing? They're wrapped in Christ. It's not like getting on an airliner. Airliner, you don't walk down to seat, you know, 18 B or whatever C. I I like aisle seats. So, we're going to be in C. They don't come there and then pull a big blanket around the seat and wrap you in and then seat belt you. No. On every flight I've ever taken my life, you hear a steartus, sir, please put on your seat belt. She comes back by a couple minutes later. Sir, please put on your seat belt. Not that long ago, I believe it's when we went down to see Brother Persant, sister Koncha, the stewardist comes by the third time and says, "Sir, if you don't put on your seat belt, pause, what is she going to say? They'll haul you off the flight." The guy's wife, put your seatelt on. Then he obeyed. I wonder if there's any connection there. Anyway, but you see my brother and sister I I need to bind my They're wrapped in Christ. You know what something wrapped is? You give a gift. I I don't know. I don't want them to see what I got them for their birthday or graduation. So, I'm going to wrap the sides and leave the top and bottom open. No, it doesn't work that way. Wrap is fully enveloped. So, I want to want to just make sure we're on the same page with the prophet here. They're wrapped in Christ in rapturing grace. Oh my goodness. This whole time I thought the only thing that mattered was rapturing faith. But we come down to this place now. What is what is grace? What is grace, saints? divine enablement, unmmerited favor. So we are wrapped now in unmmerited favor to make a rapture. And this whole time you thought you had to have enough faith to get off the face of this earth. Amen. But let me tell you, the unmmerited favor is God coming down and anointing your soul and saying, "I have faith. This word is true." The word is trying to wrap itself around me. I'm not going to push it away. I'm not going to fight with it. I'm not going to struggle. I'm going to let unmmerited favor wrap me up and take me into the presence of almighty God. No works that I can do. Nothing I can accomplish. This brings clarity to what the Apostle Paul is speaking there. Not as though I had already attained. He knew he didn't have it, but he knew who did have it. Amen. and was receiving that unmmerited favor of a rapturing faith. Amen. Oh, it ties together. They don't butt heads, my brother and sister. It ties together so beautifully. Nothing they did themselves. Christ took the uneducated, the foolish things of the world, wrapped his astronauts in it, and empowered them with the Holy Ghost. Wow. maybe maybe lights the fuse. I seen a little documentary about some Balmer guy back east on the east coast here. I don't know. I think that was in the early 90s. And um they told the guy, you know, come out. We have a marksman. He can see you. He's going to shoot you. Come out. Come out now. Anyway, he came out. They started to realize that he had lit this bundle of dynamite. And then he walks out and they're all scrambling cuz it's a bomb. But when you make dynamite out of road flares, it only flashes for just a minute or two and then it's all over. Not even a bang and they shot him. So he died for a road flare. My brother and sister, I don't want to die just over the concept of a rapture. I want to die daily to the real thing that's getting me out of here. Hallelujah. Somehow he had it in his mind that he was going to somehow still blow up the building, but he didn't know that a flare won't do that. Caught the carpet on fire is all he accomplished. So, he's wrapped his astronauts in it and empowered them with the Holy Ghost. Now, I'm telling you, don't misunderstand what I'm saying. Brother David preaches a lot about the Holy Ghost, and I'll tell you why I fully support every time he preaches about the Holy Ghost. Because if you want to be empowered, you're going to have to have the Holy Ghost. Amen. Not just believe the message, you got to have the Holy Ghost. There's where it empowers us to get out of here to in the prophet's words to take off. Hallelujah. The world is going to be left alone. That's right. Taking off. Can I have just a couple more minutes, please? So, rapturing grace is unmmerited favor. And that's not trying to figure out how you're going to make the rapture. That's you believing. Believing that the Lord has called you and you look at your life and I just want to ask you, can you stop for just a moment and just look at your life? Can you see unmmerited favor? Amen. In your life. If you can't see unmmerited favor in your life, I question your perspective. Was that blunt enough or should I make it bluntter? Blunter. Okay. Thank you. If you can't see unmmerited favor in your life, you need to find this altar. That's it. Because God has been there with you. That's right. Every circumstance, good and bad. And if you think you've got it so bad, just remember it was unmmerited favor that called Rahab out. That's right. Amen. An unmmerited favor gave her for a husband, a man predestinated to be in the lineage of Jesus Christ. Is this a story of a gentile or not? My brother and sister, you see, unmmerited favor is in every aspect of our life. Also in the countdown, if you don't mind, now the first thing is these things that we're talking about are so are they not. We know the Bible promised it. But is he here? God is here to do what we what he promised that he would do. God is here. I want to Can we say that God is here? Amen. To do what he promised that he would do. God is here. So, we've gone beyond speaking with tongues. That's all right. See, we've gone beyond these little things and we're into a place now where we got to have astronaut faith. That's astronaut power to realize that we're in Christ. Amen. Already. Already. Amen. Now, Brother Trevor, you responded quickly there. Let's stop and see if we can't find a way to say that already means somewhere in the future. No sir. Someday if no sir, you think that the prophet of God was just speaking and that's the word that he just come up with. No, my brother and sister, I put value in how these words come together because if you question these words as some are in this day, questioning the vocabulary and the understanding, it didn't have an education. You question that, then everything falls in question. That's right. That's right. Amen. But he's saying there now look we're in this place. We got to have astronaut faith that astronaut powers to realize that we're in Christ already. Now in this message if you're not familiar with it, brother Brandham is using a phrase starting off the horse and buggy and moving forward to the car and all of these things. Just more power. That's right. Just more horsepower. Just more power. More power. More power. More power. Yeah. Amen. Ah, just more of Christ. Can I Can I have permission just for a moment to do an edit? Just more power. Amen. Because Christ is power. That's right. To the bride of Christ. Amen. She He is the authority to his wife. Amen. To see to lift us up into heavenly places. Now, if we sit here this morning, I hope you don't get offended at this. We sit here this morning, we say we believe this word, we believe it with all that's in us, and then we doubt that we have the power to overcome, to live this life, to fulfill this word. My brother and sister, the devil's been lying to you. He's whispering in the other ear. And you need to just take and put a a ear plug or something in the ear that the devil's whispering in. And you need to just listen to the word because you see we can't be lifted into heavenly places without being empowered by the Holy Ghost to do it. Amen. God help us. God help us. Amen. Sister Vikica, if you would come please. Musicians, would you please come? Please bear with my words. It's time saints. to receive fully That's right. what we've already received. Amen. Not just a partial. That's right. But to fully receive it. Really, really receive what's been given to us. And also time for us to find out fully what the Lord has already achieved for us. Who wants to settle for partial salvation? Who wants to settle for partial faith, for partial anything? That's right. Amen. Amen. Come on. We sit and say, "Well, I I know, but there's got to be more." That's right. It never stops. That's right. the revelation of Jesus Christ. Now, people would maybe argue, do you have a quote for this? Well, yeah, it's not quite in the words that would prove it to them, but after all, they're not very good at reading between lines, so they wouldn't get it anyhow. That's right. That my brother and sister, the revelation will still be coming to us. Amen. Even when we're standing in his presence. That's exactly right. Absolutely right. Use it to the natural side, Sister Jerry. and I 42 years. Brother David, sister Diane, many more. Hope you guys had a wonderful trip. 42 years. Do I fully understand Sister Jerry? Not a chance. Oh, I'm not picking on Sister Jerry. Don't misunderstand. But you see, as she matured and I matured, we've been changing. And if this word is not maturing you, this word is not changing you. That's it. If you have just the same love, now see, there'll be people like, oh, oh, the scripture says the first love. But I want you to understand as Christians, as humans, our first love was so immature, right? so immature. I don't want to sound crass here or I'm not supposed to use that word. Sister Jerry's forbidden me. I'm sorry. Uh I I don't want to sound rude. But every young couple that gets married, there's a certain element that is just strictly physical attraction. I hope that never dies. [Music] But as the guy goes bald and gets a little pudgy and you know she's had several children and whatever, we can't go back and say, "Oh, that was just the girl I was in love with." No. See, it deepens and deepens and deepens and deepens and deepens and becomes a love that is they describe as enduring. stands the test of time and for sickness and poverty and all of these things. It's enduring. And the saints of old in the dark ages, my brother and sister, they didn't live just upon the freshness of the first relationship with Jesus Christ. By the time they come to give their life, it was life to them. And that's what God has done for us. Amen. Amen. Let the countdown of the word continue to mature us and bring us to a place that we're willing to come and say, "If the Lord even in this day called on me to give my life physically, could I do it?" Amen. A man who loves his wife and his children will give his life for his wife. Amen. And his children. Amen. Let us be those kind of Christians. Amen. Let's just stand. Amen. Sing a song or two. Brother Alex, if you would come. Hallelujah. Number eight, Brother Isaac. This really really struck me as I was studying and stuff. Come to a place I know it was the blood. Hallelujah. Changed my life was the blood. Not intellectual concept but the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when Paul was lost, he died upon the cross. I know it was the blood for me. Well, there's power in the blood. Oh, there's power in the blood. There's power in the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. There's power in the blood for me. Well, there's healing in the blood. There's healing in the blood. There's healing in the blood for me. [Music] One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. There's healing in the blood for me. Well, I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. I know it was the blood for me. Hallelujah. Amen. 102. Brother Isaac. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Alex, as you lead us. Amen. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. We have the victory. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Demands will. For when we stand in the name of Jesus, tell me who can stand before. In the preious name of Jesus, we have the victory in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, I have the victory. In the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, demons will have to flee. For when I stand in the name of Jesus, tell me who can stand before in the preious name of Jesus. I have the victory when I stand. For when I stand in the name of Jesus, tell me who can stand before. In the preious name of Jesus, I have the victory. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's uh Can you find that song Ready to Leave? I think it's the key of G. Some folks are building hopes down here. They're planning ahead. So busy with their fortunes, they forgot what Jesus said about the wars and earthquakes and the fig tree's burning leaves. But there's a group of people getting ready to leave. Ready to leave in the twinkling of an eye. Making investments in that bank up in the sky. Happy preparation, not a reason to grieve. Are you in that number? getting ready to leave. Sinner, what's the reason for your needless delay? While you're hesitating, Christ could come just any day. So he the spirit's calling. Make your way to Calvary and get in that number. Getting ready to leave. Ready to leave in the twinkling of an eye. Making investments in that makeup in the sky. Happy preparation not a reason to grieve. Are you in that number getting ready to leave? Ready to leave in the twinkling of an eye. Making investments in that bank up in the sky. Happy preparation not a reason to grieve. Are you in that number getting ready to leave? Oh, are you in that number getting ready to leave? Amen. Praise the Lord. We have one more song before we close. Um just a reminder that we have communion today at 5:00. Um I just look forward to it. It's always very encouraging and blessed time and good time we have together. Amen. Look forward to seeing you there. Number 565, please. [Music] Put it up. I don't [Music] know about tomorrow. I just live from day to day. And I don't borrow from it sunshine for its skies may turn to gray. And I don't worry the future for I know what Jesus said. And today I'll walk beside him for he knows what is ahead. anything about tomorrow. I don't seem to understand. But I know who holds tomorrow. And I know who holds my hand. And every step is getting brighter. as the goal. Then stairs I climb. Every bird's getting lighter. Every cloud is silver light. And there the sun is always shining. Bear no tear will dim the eye. And at the ending of the rainbow where the mountains touch the sky, many things about tomorrow I don't see to understand. But I know who holds tomorrow. And I know who holds my hand. And I don't know about tomorrow. It may bring me poverty. But the one who feeds the sparrow is the one who stands for me. And the path that be my portion may be through the flame or flood, but his presence goes before me and I'm God covered with his blood and many things about tomorrow I don't seem to [Music] understand but I know who holds tomorrow. And I know who holds my hand. Amen. You're dismissed. God bless you. [Music] [Music]
