################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - June 29, 2025  - Bro. Paul Haylett -  My Sheep #3 - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-29
Title:    June 29, 2025  - Bro. Paul Haylett -  "My Sheep #3"
Speaker:  Paul Haylett
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 56m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eodwMt3zBT4
========================================

Description:
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] again. [Music] Heat. [Music] Thank God. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. are great. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, hail King Jesus. All hail Emmanuel, King of Kings, Lord of Lord, bright morning star. [Music] And throughout eternity I'm going to praise him and forever more I will reign with him. Amen. Amen. God good to be here this morning. God bless you. each one. Amen. I'm just gonna this number 214. I will bless thee, oh Lord. It's been on my heart. Amen. [Music] I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh my Lord. With a heart of thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord. With my hands lifted up and my mouth filled with praise, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh my Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with my hands lifted up and my mouth filled with praise. With a heart of thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord. Amen. Amen. Is your mouth filled with praise this morning? Thanksgiving in your heart. Praise the Lord. Amen. Number 637, leaning on the everlasting arms. What a fellowship, what a joy divine, leaning on me everlasting on. What a blessedness, what a peace is mine, leaning on the everlasting arm. I'm leaning, leaning, safe and secure from all along. I'm leaning, [Music] leaning, leaning on the everlasting arm. Oh, how sweet to walk in this pilgrim way, leaning on the everlasting arm. Oh, how bright the path grows from day to day. Leaning on the everlasting on. I'm leaning leaning safe and secure from all along. I'm leaning leaning leaning on the everlasting arm. What have I tore? What have I to fear? Leaning on the everlasting on. I have blessed peace with my Lord so dear. Leaning on the lasting on. I'm leaning, leaning, lean and secure from all along. I'm leaning, leaning, leaning on the everlasting all. I'm leaning leaning safe and secure from all along. I'm leaning [Music] I'm leaning leaning on the everlasting arm. Amen. Amen. Praise his name. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty. Number 243 243. There we go. Father in heaven, we love you. Lift your name in all the earth. Your kingdom be established in our praises. as your people declare your mighty word. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who lives forever more. Father in heaven, we love you. We lift your name in all the earth. May your kingdom be established in our praises as your people declare your mighty word. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who lives forever more. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who lives forever more. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Number 246. This song has just been on my heart this week. Don't know why. Amen. Let's just stand as we sing this. Amen. [Music] God will make a way. Where there seems to be no way. He works in ways we cannot see. He will make a way for me. He will be my guide. Hold me closely to his side. With love and strength for each new day. He will make a way. God will make a way. God will make a way. where there seems to be no way. He works in ways we cannot see. He will make a way for me. He will be my guide. Hold me closely to his side. He will love and strength for each new day. He will make a way. God will make a way. One more time. God will make a way where there seems to be no way. He works in ways we cannot see. He will make a way for me. He will be my guide. Hold me closely to his side with love and strength for each new day. He will make a way. God will make a way. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. He works in ways we cannot see. This next song, in everything give him thanks. It says, "In the good times, praise his name. In the bad times, do the same." Just thinking, you know, when we do that, we're basically professing that we trust him, that he's going to take care of it like his word says. Amen. Let's just sing this as we get ready to go to prayer this morning. him everything. Give him thank everything. Give him thank [Music] in the good time. Praise his name. In the bad times, do the same. In everything, give the King of Kings all the things. In everything give him thanks in everything. Give him thank in the good times. Praise his name. In the bad time, do the same. In everything, give the King of Kings all the things. Amen. Amen. And as we go to prayer this morning, I'm going to have our brother Trevor come. Um, I'd like to remember our sister Heather Carpin in prayer, this battle with cancer. Amen. Lord, just touch her. I want to remember our sister Sophie with a blood pressure issue this morning. Amen. Our sister Dorcas for healing. Um, hold up our brother Pashant, Sister Kcha, Brother Adrian, and the family there in uh, Montana in prayer. Amen. Want to continue to hold up Gideon and Lily for salvation. Amen. Um quite a number of us out traveling and vacationing. Want to keep each one of those in prayer this morning. Amen. And then uh a friend of the uh Halelet family there or David Reynolds. Want to hold him up in prayer. He needs a has a need for healing this morning. I'm not sure the situation, but Amen. Do you have a need this morning? I'll just take it for the Lord with Trevor. [Music] I'm certainly trusting that he will make a way. Um Carrie and I also have a special request, too. Lord Jesus, thank you, Father, for this morning and assembling your saints all together. Lord Jesus, we're grateful to be here. Lord, it is by your grace that we are all here, Father. It's by your divine purpose, Lord, that we are here. And we don't take that lightly, Lord Jesus. Brother Isaac just mentioned trust, Father. And so I say we can all bind together, Father. Yes. Trusting you, Lord, for the outcome of every situation, Lord Jesus. Our sister Heather, we ask you, Lord, for life. We ask you for health, Father. We ask you, Lord, to return her to her family, Lord Jesus. And yet, Father, we pray your divine will be done, Lord Jesus. And for our sister Sophie and her blood pressure, Lord, please heal her, Lord God, and make her whole. Our sister Dorcas, Father, we're asking for mercy, Father, for her. For our brother Pashant and our sister Aona, Lord, and little Isaac, we just lift them up to you, Father. Commit them to you, Lord Jesus. Uh for brother Adrien, sister Ada, Lord, you know their needs. You know their desires. Father, for the Hallets who have a someone on their heart, Lord, we lift that situation up to you, Lord Jesus. I lift my own household up to you, Father. And for every unspoken request on the hearts of the people, Lord. And if there's anything that I have forgotten, Lord, you have mentioned it, it's been spoken over this pulpit, Lord, and we are committing it now to you. We are trusting you, Lord Jesus. We pray that you would speak through our brother Paul. Speak words of life. Help us, Lord. We're a needy people, Father, and you are our help, Lord. bless the tithes and the offerings. We love you, Lord, and we thank you, Father, in the precious name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Trevor. You may seat this morning. Um, have a few visit. Wow. Have a few visitors this morning. Just want to welcome each one of you. Brother Steve, good to see you. Melody, good to see you. And I believe Cody, is that right? All right. Good to see you as well. God bless you. Hope you feel welcome. Amen. Let's uh number 953. How great are you, Lord? How great is your mercy? Amen. [Music] How great are you, Lord? [Music] How great is your mercy? How great are the things that you have done for me. How great are you, Lord? Your loving kindness is filling my heart as I sing. How great are you, Lord, how great is your love. It reaches to the heaven. [Music] How great is the heart that sought and rescued me. How great are you, Lord. How great is your mercy? How great are the things that you have done for me. How great are you, Lord. [Music] Your loving kindness is filling my heart as I sing. How great are you, Lord? How great is your love reaches to the heaven. How great is a heart that sought and rescued me. [Music] How great are you, Lord? [Music] How great is your mercy? How great are the things that you have done for me. How great are you, Lord? [Music] Your loving kindness is filling my heart as I sing. How great are you, Lord? [Music] Amen. As we get ready to change the order of the service, ask our brother Paul to come. I just want to sing that song you started with. Give me Jesus. Pray that's the desire of your heart this morning. Amen. Just more of him. Let's just stand and sing this together. Amen. Uh sorry, I didn't write. Give me Jesus. [Music] Amen. In the morning when I arrive. In the morning when I arrive. In the morning when I ride. Give me Jesus. Me Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this word, but give me Jesus. And when I am alone. Oh, when I am alone. When I am alone, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. [Music] Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. But give me Jesus when I am afraid. Oh, when I am afraid. When I am afraid, give me Jesus. [Music] Give me Jesus. [Music] Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Give me Jesus. [Music] And when I am in prayer, oh when I am in prayer and when I am in prayer, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. But give me Jesus. Let's just sing that last verse. Just sing it prayerfully. No, no piano. Amen. And when I am in prayer, oh when I am in prayer and when I am in prayer, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. [Music] Give me Jesus. You can have all this world, but give me Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We say amen to that this morning. Amen. No matter what our circumstance in this life is, just give us Jesus. He's the answer for every need, every situation. Amen. Well, just like to give my personal greeting, brother Steve. God bless you. Amen. And uh no doubt in town for for your normal course of business, but we're happy you're here with us. And my dear friend Cody, known him since he's just a young man, and I'm very happy to see you here today also. And um my niece Mel, God bless you. Good to see you this morning. Amen. Let's just uh I want to talk to you very simple thought today and the Lord just has been uh laying this on my heart for a little bit just as I've been studying and reading and uh to realize how sometimes you know we can we can preach very deep things but uh when we look back at at uh what Jesus spoke we often see it was very very simple things that he spoke out to the people and uh So, I I just think that uh you know, sometimes it it's just good for us to go back into the simplicity of the gospel. I want to uh just uh bring April up uh in in remembrance also her her work schedule uh and and such. We know uh her heart's desire would be to be here and uh we just want to remember her. Uh also uh brother Jonah Imi from Colona, British Columbia will be with us on July 13th. So let's uh be mindful of that and remember uh to pray for those services a good distance for for them to travel. But um at at um we're going to be excited, I believe, to have brother Jonah here. I want to preach to you on the third part of my sheep. And we see through this scripture uh Jesus making many references uh to his sheep and his lambs. And let's just turn in our Bibles to Matthew 18 verses 11-4. And um just lay a little foundation out of the simplic simple side of the the gospel here. I was the word simplistic was going to come out but it's not simplistic. It's actually quite deep. Just like the way up is down is very simple but very very deep. And we thank the Lord for that. For the son of man has come to save that which was lost. How think ye if a man have a hund sheep and one of them has gone astray. Doth he not leave the 90 and nine and goeth unto the mountains and seeketh that which is gone astray? And if so be that he find it, verily I say unto you, he rejoices more of that sheep than of the 90 and nine which went not astray. Even so, it is not the will of your father which is in heaven that one of these little ones should perish. Heavenly Father, we ask you to bless the thought today. Just speak to our hearts. And Lord, open the word, Father. For we know that the word is much deeper than the words that man might judge as simple. And Lord, it is more beautiful than those things of a man might say in the complexity of of our articulation of our intelligence, our our studies, Lord, to see the real essence of what you are speaking to us, the real Lord word that has come to our day. Father, we ask you to bless this time in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. I would like to also then just go right into Luke the 15th chapter which is also a parallel scripture to this and um he says there in Luke 15 and1 then do near unto him all the publicans and sinners for to hear him and the Pharisees and scribes murmured saying this man receiveth sinners and eateth with them and you know it's so interesting when you do that because that was the whole purpose of the gospel right? Was to reach out to the sinner. If we're trying to save those that are saved and and wash those that are already clean, then we've missed the whole concept of the gospel. And yet they thought that people should actually be these perfect people, even if it was just strictly on the outside. But he he very clearly the Lord shows us how that this is not so. This man receiveth sinners and eateth with them. And he spake this parable unto them, saying, What man of you having a hund sheep, if he lose one of them, doth not leave the 90 and nine in the wilderness, and go after that which is lost, until he find it? And when he hath found it, he layeth it on his shoulders, rejoicing. And when he cometh home, he calleth together his friends and his neighbors, all of the church. Amen. Saying unto them, Rejoice with me, for I have found my sheep which was lost. And I say unto you that likewise joy shall be in heaven over one sinner that repenteth more than over 90 and nine just persons which need no repentance. Now as we'll look at this just in the nuance of the wording we will find my brother and sister that one is just astray and we can realize that's the same as being lost. But it is also that sometimes they have already experienced God and they have drifted and went astray and God is then uh calling them or finding to bring them back. And in this we see in Luke as the scripture is there over the sinner that repenteth. So we're looking at even one who has already experienced God in his life and to one who knows not God at all. The same parable bringing about the same rejoicing. And we thank the Lord for that because it is here in the day that we live in that we are not there trying to decipher who has got greater sin or who is of more importance. But we are all sheep and God cares about us and has redeemed us. And we sit here today I believe in our hearts with thanksgiving saying thank you Lord for the redemption that has come. And uh he knows uh our heavenly father the great shepherd of our souls. Amen. He knows according to the scripture who are his. And I say, Lord, thank you that you would speak to us because it's in speaking to us that you're reminding us who we are. Now, the devil's got a voice uh 24/7 365, it's everywhere you look, if you just even turn on the radio to listen to the news, there's something that is injected in there. And everywhere you go, the billboards and in the shopping centers and the stores, everywhere you go, Satan's uh pro proclaiming his message. And so we have this that we realize how precious it is that God comes and speaks to our souls. Amen. Aren't you glad when he comes to you personally and comes down in the midnight hour and speaks to you and let you know and starts to put an uncction in the heart or in the heart and the soul that we would be there and something in our mind that we ponder and can't get away from. And and these things is the way that God's working. He's countering, Amen. by the word. He's countering Satan's message of this hour. Now, as we'll look at this, I I want to uh just move into I hope you don't mind this morning, just a little down to earth, but you know, no doubt each one of you saw the painting of the shepherd uh there in the edge of the canyon, reaching down for the lost sheep that's on the little ledge above the cliff, the abyss that goes and drops far into the valley. And and so we'll see that this uh shepherd is there now at great risk to himself, a great price to himself, but yet his love for the lamb is so great that he goes right down and and takes this risk as it is and and goes down to the very edge of the abyss. And I just want to interject this at this point. The abyss actually represents eternal separation from God. Amen. It's not just a bump in your life that you're having a hard time, that you're struggling, that that Satan's assaulting you, but the abyss is literally that eternal separation. And Satan would just love to get people so hardened that they would come to the place that they don't care whether they're separated from God or not. They don't care about these circumstances, even to the point that they would declare, "We're not sure there is a God. It doesn't matter anyhow." And so you look at this and realize that the shepherd, he cared, the great shepherd of our soul, he cared enough to come down and pay the price and as it were take the risk. Now my brother and sister, if you are John 1 1-14, if if you are God in flesh, you know exactly what you're doing. It's not like humanity that might be climbing down to that lamb and holding on to a root or a rock and and it might be loose and wiggle and you're not sure whether and you're you're apprehensive or you can do this but God when it come to Calvary when it come to our redemption my brother and sister there was not a doubt but you'll see as you read the scripture because Jesus there in flesh amen he knew that he was going to bear the pain of this crucifixion he knew that this was going to be a price that in his flesh he did not want to pay, but it was already set in motion. And there he makes the declaration, Lord, thy will, not my will, be done. Amen. And I say, Lord, anoint each one of us with that with that attitude, with that approach that we're not concerned about what our own will is, but we're looking, Lord, that thy will be done in our life. Amen. And so I would say today the real story is not how the lamb got to where he is at. Sometimes we can focus so much on what it was that took a person to that stage of their life and and we get caught up in that uh details of that. Oh, how terrible that must be. My brother and sister, that's not the real story. The real story is how the lamb is going to be brought back. Amen. There's the real story. And so can the lamb help himself? Oh my brother and sister, the lamb cannot help himself. He is not there no ability to save himself. And so as it is that he is there, no doubt, let's just think like a lamb for a moment. No doubt as he ends up on this little ledge above the canyon and you see shady green pastures and and the water and everything down below in the valley, but to get back to that place, he doesn't know how. He can't go down on his own to the valley and he has found himself in a position he can't go up. Amen. I can relate in a little bit. Reminds me of a time many years ago and we were hunting and it got very late in the day and uh we got the bright idea that instead of walking these several miles back, we would just cut through the canyon, climb up the other side and and uh was only just a mile or two back to camp from there. And you know, I was about halfway up the canyon when I ran out of options. I have a rifle slung over my back and I'm there and I can't go down. And every rock I can reach above me is loose. And I start to relate to this right here. I've got no ability, my brother and sister. I can't go back. I can't seemingly find my way. And it was there that I didn't trust anything. and something come over me and I remember with tears in my eyes I thought Lord if there ever was a time in this flesh in the natural side I need to trust you now is the time I I have to trust you Lord which one of these rocks that I can't even see should I hold on to and we know that he is the rock of our salvation we know he is the rock that we are anchored in he is the rock that is there in the gospels amen he was a rock in the wilderness and it's it's just completely anchored there. And I remember I reached up and I got a hold of a rock and it felt loose. But I thought, "This is my hope." And I started to pull myself up and I scrambled over the top. And you know, I thought it was interesting. Yes, the rock I was holding on to would move a little bit. But the rock turned out to be very large, much more than what I could have ever made move. And and you know, you move on to that and realize that God has given us a rock that we can hold on to and and we're there. But in the case of this lamb, he's there and and lambs, you know, he's he's looking and he's looking for something. There's got to be someone to give him some advice, a bleet of his mother, of those of his friends, but it's not there and he can't save himself. And uh you know, it's just a recorded thought that uh sheep are notorious for their lack of ability to find their way home. Amen. Sheep were created to be led and not to go on their own, not to do their own thing, but they struggle to find their way. And I think we can see this in our own lives that sometimes we just don't have answers. And we feel like that we're strong individuals. We should have an answer. We we should know what we should do, but we are at loss. And that's because that representation of this sheep, of this lamb, uh, comes right down upon us because that's what we were created to be under that example. And so it's there to struggle to find our way. Now, my brother and sister, it is interesting that as long as we can find our way, talking of human nature, as long as we can find our way, we will try to find our way. We will try to do it our way. Amen. But when God ever brings you to the place that you realize that I need something greater than myself, I need something greater than what I can think, what I can do, what I can understand. And and it's there that God comes and says, "Hey, don't worry. I'm right here." Amen. You're my sheep. I'm here to come rescue you. Amen. And and in that, it's such a beautiful story. And I every time I see that painting, it just brings this alive to me that that lamb in that position left alone if not my brother and sister caught by a predator. Amen. And that there's a greatest predator, Satan like a roaring lion. Amen. Seeking whom he may devour. A great predator. If not, he would simply starve to death. And unfortunately, we can say we look in the world around us and you see a lot of people that that they they believe there is a God, but they don't know how to approach him or there's not enough uncction in their life to approach him. And you'll see how that they start to fill their life full of things because they're actually starving for the very thing that they desire the most. Amen. The very thing that would rescue them and bring them from their position. They refuse to accept that and they starve and they fill that full. And many cases my brother and sister we find that they turn into alcoholics and addictions and different things and and we'll find that they are people most unhappy. Amen. So we look at this now this will be something I think most of you I just felt led to use this for an example. Maybe uh you have or maybe not. I don't know. But Shrek the lost sheep. Have you heard that story? Read that story of Shrek. Amen. Shrek the lost sheep. So Shrek was of a flock and he was there and somehow Shrek decided that he didn't like to be rounded up and sent back to the paddock, you know. And uh Shrek started a little history, a great ability to evade. Amen. being taken with the rest of the sheep. And so Shrek would come and and they knew Shrek existed, but when the shepherds would come into the paddics to round them up, this was in a very hilly country. Uh Shrek would just run off and hide. And it turns out that Shrek had lived in a cave for several years. That was his place. Go find a hole and hide in it. And I I hope you think this through in a spiritual context. And he survived in the wilderness. Amen. Shrek defied the odds. No wild dogs, no wolves, no eagles, nothing was there to to uh take Shrek's life. He he was not uh uh uh consumed. Now, it doesn't say whether he was bothered or not, but he was not consumed by the wild animals. Amen. And he went through some long harsh winters. And I believe every one of us that's been saved and filled with the Holy Ghost can look back in our life and realize there's been some long hard winters in our lives. Uh times that we felt alone and times we felt so desolate. Times we thought there was not a hope for us. But you know somehow by the grace of God you survive. And Shrek is out there in the wilderness there and and uh and he survives for six long years on his own. And it's there, my brother and sister, and I want to re-emphasize, no wild animals got to him. Nothing took his life. But you know, he was burdened. Amen. Anytime we're not relieved, my brother and sister, anytime we don't let off the pressure, anytime that we believe that we have the answer for ourself, Amen. we start to carry burdens. And it's there that Shrek burdened by six years of wool. Right. Go look him up if you're not familiar with the story. Shrek is basically a ball of wool with a nose and four legs sticking out of it. Amen. And it had come to the place that Shrek while healthy was under a burden that was soon to overwhelm him. He was there at a place that when Shrek in his final, they determined that Shrek because after they he finally was brought into the fold, Shrek never laid down. And they realized that Shrek realized if I ever lay down and rest. Amen. We're called to have rest. Amen. This rest is not natural rest. It is a rest in our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. But Shrek realized if I lay down I will never get up again. So Shrek did not sleep on his laying down like a normal sheep should in rest. But he stood all the time and it was there. Amen. He was actually looking this barely able to walk under his burden. Does this sound familiar to some of us? Amen. And so you know this six years of wool was the equivalent of 20 men's suits. That's a lot of wool. Amen. So he's carrying this burden. Could barely stand, barely walk under this. Burdened by what comes natural to a sheep. You say, "Oh, brother Paul, I just don't know about my life. just seems like I have so many burdens. I have all these it what comes natural. Yeah. But we have to let the burdens be taken from us. Amen. We have to find a place to lay our burden down. Otherwise, as we carry it, it gets greater and greater. I've used it for an analogy many times how we would look with awe and wonder if we saw someone walking through the airport with about 25 or 30 suitcases hooked together and they're struggling to drag the burden. Amen. It's time to let it go. Amen. It's time to be done with it. It's time to lay it down on the altar and let the Lord Jesus Christ deal with it. But this was all burdens that were natural for a sheep. Amen. I'm going to type it to cares of life. Amen. Even nature shows our need for a shepherd and our willingness to allow God to shear us. That's right. Amen. And there's some pictures if you look it up, you'll see there. There's Shrek after he's been sheared. Now, you know, I wonder did Shrek lose that did that lesson teach Shrek not to run and hide? We would hope so. He actually lived many more years beyond that and uh was taken to all kinds of places. If you look at the history, he was taken before the government and sheared. He was taken before this group for for charity and sheared. Amen. Shrek didn't say, "Nope, I like that. I think I'll run back to the wilderness." He actually come to a place. I think he realized his lesson and it's like, I need to be sheared. I need to be sheared. Anybody need to be sheared this morning? Amen. Lord, cut away everything that's not supposed to be in my everyday life. Cut away all my burdens, Lord, that that are holding me down, Lord. Just let the word of God come and shear me that I can be light in my spirit, light in my heart. And as the scripture says, if your heart condemns you not, then you have liberty in Jesus Christ. Right? I want to have liberty. I don't want to be hiding in a cave somewhere uh holding on to my own things and obsessing over them and letting them slowly bear me down to where I'm afraid to even rest. Amen. So I say, Lord, isn't that beautiful how even in nature Amen. It shows that we have a need, right? Amen. So how do these sheep wander away? Did they just one day just jump up and say, "I'm running away." No, it takes place one step at a time. Amen. Just one step takes them a little further. Another step takes a little further. I had a friend some time back was telling me, he said, "Man, I had something incredible happen, Paul." And I was like, "Okay, what's that?" He said, "Well, I was doing some chores out in one of the back pastures and and we were rotationally grazing some cattle through there and I don't know what I was thinking. I was on my four-wheeler. I come I opened the gate. I passed through the gate and I never stopped. So there the gate was left wide open and he said, 'You know, after a couple hours I was like, and I rode back and he says, 'You know, maybe all these years of moving the cattle from from pasture to pasture, I've always led them from pasture to pasture with the four-wheeler, but he says, I rode back to there, and he said there was a couple cows kind of outside of the gate, but most of them are standing there. And he said, I I never thought it through. I rode up on the four-wheeler and they all said, "We're going somewhere." Amen. But up to that point, they were just standing in the gate waiting to be led. But the minute some leadership showed up, they're like, "We're out of here. Where are we going now?" He said, "I had to lead them out in a big round circle and ride them right back through the same gate because they were used to following. Oh Lord, let us get used to following." Amen. to be able to just follow the leadership of the Holy Spirit day by day and not question it, but not go off on our own, not decide this is what's best for me. This is what's best for me, but to stop. Amen. If there's no clear uh uh way to go, no clear answer, just stop and wait on the Lord and let him come and and lead us into the next segment of our life, the next portion or story of our life. Amen. And so, you know, this sheep, one step at a time, ends up in a wilderness. Amen. I did this in my teens, saints. I I I can relate perfectly. Just one step at a time and then ending up one day wondering, "How did I get here where I'm at now? How did I end up at this point?" Amen. But it all happened one step at a time. And we know how we return. It is there that we will return one step at a time. But catch this out of these two stories, these two parables out of the scripture. Amen. The the uh lost lamb there is not there walking his way back into uh his restored position, but he's there not held under the arm of the shepherd, but the shepherd has now brought him into a very personal and dependent position. And that is it's upon his shoulder. Amen. And we find and and we won't deviate into this thought this morning, but we find my brother and sister, the government, amen, of the people of the the bride of Jesus Christ has been laid upon the shoulder of our Lord Jesus Christ. And here is the lost lamb who is now been rescued. He's not drugged along behind on a leash. He's not held under the arm, but he's placed upon the shoulder, which is the strength, the resource for a son or daughter of God to be held as it would be the bosom of the Lord Jesus Christ. And so, it's there that he's being now carried back to his rightful position because if we could restore ourself, we would. But we need a loving savior. Amen. We need the shepherd of our soul to take us back held in the tender embrace of a loving shepherd. Amen. And you know this morning I don't want to really so much focus on just this story but of the promise of our Lord Jesus Christ as what he is speaking to us. And and it's there that we understand that as God has spoken these words, my brother and sister, when we get into our situation where we as it were, uh we don't know how it happened, but we're on this step, we can't go back and the abyss as it is is before us. May God help us not to give up hope and just leap off. That's right. Yeah. Amen. It doesn't matter anyhow. I can't seem to live. I can't live the gospel. It doesn't matter anyhow. I just give up. No. My brother and sister, just cry out. The great shepherd hears the voice and he's coming to the rescue. Because he knows his own. Amen. And he knows where to find his own. And if he doesn't know where to find his own, my brother and sister, he's not God. Amen. But he is God. and he's been proven to be God. And he's proven to be faithful. And he's proven to be here. And he's proven that he cares about you. Amen. So here today, we don't want to look at just a little story and say, "Well, maybe that was for someone that's lost." I'll tell you, my brother and sister, he came to us and carried us into his word. Every single one of us, there was never one of us found our way into the word. Not a one of us said, "Oh, I got it." My brother and sister, revelation is a gift of a God. And my brother and sister, salvation is a gift of God. Everything that we have is a gift from God. And I tell you, there's no gift that you can be given in this life, my brother and sister, that's greater than the gift that God has given us. Now, as we look here into one in a million, Amen. It is uh Brother Isaac, the screen doesn't want to respond. So, you see people making their blunders. Can anybody lift a hand maybe and say, "Yep, that's me. I I blunder. Amen. They stumble at it. They run at it and they think this and that, but it doesn't work right. We see it. But there is a working right. That's to find God's perfect will and stand in it. What God called you for. Amen. You wonder what I should do. Where should I go in my life? I I'm I'm here in these positions. What do I do? Amen. Stop and find the perfect will of God and then stand in the perfect will of God. Don't run aimlessly. Amen. Somewhere. Amen. I'll tell you, brother brother Eugene Brown told me one time uh something that he used in a sermon. He experienced it and they had a wild bull really. It was part of the herd, but he just liked being out there on the on the prairie he didn't want to do. And every time they would try to round him up, he would just run. And he would could just run for miles and and uh you know finally my brother and sister take this as a spiritual type. That's how brother Eugene preached it. Amen. Finally, you know, one last ditch effort before winter uh to get this bull. He never survived the winter out there with several feet of snow and and so one last ditch effort and they went out there. Now think about this. Amen. They were so happy to find that this bull had foot rot. Yeah. Now, you would think, why would anyone be happy that their animal had foot rot? Because it was foot rot that subdued this animal and allowed him to be led. Amen. Oh my. God knows how to give us a case, my brother and sister. He knows how to bring us to a place in our life that we're saying, "Okay, take me to safety. Take me to a place greater than myself. Take me to a place that I can come and actually find rest." and they found him way way out on the backside. You know, their pastures were where Brother Eugene was was working or helping on those things. We're talking about hundreds and hundreds upon hundreds of acres and the over rolling hills and and sometimes even ravines and rivers and whatever. So, it wasn't just stand at the gate and look to see if there's something out there. You had to go ride every corner of that. And they knew that bull was in there and they knew and they were determined. There was several of them went out. They were going to rope him if they had to and drag him till they could put him in a trailer and they were going to do all this, but they find him living by this little water hole that's slowly drying up and his foot hurting so bad he can't hardly walk. And they're out there rejoicing. Well, I know that people probably would wonder about this. Why is the preacher happy that God is allowing this to happen in my life, my brother and sister? Because you realize if you can't be led by man, God will do what it takes to bring you to a place you'll allow him to lead you. Amen. Because man's not the answer. Amen. God's the answer. And God knows how, if you don't mind me putting this way, to give you foot rot. Amen. Because it's that he knows will bring you to a place you can be led. Amen. Brother Eugene talks about how they threw a rope, lassoed that bull, and they were expecting a fight because that's what he'd done in the past. He would pull on the rope and then if he couldn't pull the rope loose, then he would run down the rope and the last thing you want is a couple thousand pounds of bull hitting your horse in the side. And and so they throw a rope on him and they just give a little bit of a tug and he just starts following. Oh, isn't that the truth of what the Lord has done for us? Amen. He sent his word. Oh, if you don't mind me putting this out, he sent his word out and his word come down around us and the word give a little tug on us. And now we've come to the place we're not willing to fight him anymore, but we're saying, I need help. I can't help myself. I need help. And you know, just for something, Cody would know. Amen. You get a cow with foot rot and the fever that's in the foot, they'll actually go stand in the mud trying to subdue the fever in the foot and the mud makes the foot rot worse. Wow. There it is. What we think will help. Amen. What we're pretty sure we can put the sav on our conscience makes it worse until we're willing to say, "Lord, thy will be done." Thy will be done. Amen. So, I I like that. I don't want to focus on that quotation real long, but you know, so you see people making their blunders, and I'm telling you, if we had a whiteboard here and I started writing my blunders on here, you guys would be saying, "Uh, can we at least go home for supper?" Because my blunders are endless, it seems. As the Apostle Paul said, "When I would do good, evil is present with me. Even while I endeavor, desire, long, and press to do good, evil somehow seems to show up. Can someone say amen to that? John 6 and 44 says, "No man can come to me except the father which has sent me draw him." Amen. There's the lasso of the word coming down around him, and I will raise him up at the last day. So, we realize that we are incapable. Now, Shrek had an attitude. He didn't like to. He was He was good at escaping. Amen. And And we can see that how the human nature sometimes is just good at escaping. But you see, God knew the day would come that Shrek would not desire to escape. Shrek himself knew he needed deliverance. Oh, thank you, Lord. Now these last day sheep for the scripture we see clearly in the book of revelation how it's coming down the spirits of these last days and how it would come upon the people. Some would be lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God. We would see they would be heady. They would be high-minded. But that's for a different class of people. Amen. We're we're not that class of people. And so here we are. These last day sheep of this age are very peculiar people. Titus 2:14 says, "Who gave himself for us that he might redeem us from all iniquity and purify unto himself a peculiar people zealous of good works." Amen. Not not of marginal works, not just having a form of religion. Amen. But to be zealous of good works with a heart's desire. Lord, I want to please you. I want to live for you. My overall overwhelming thing in my life is to please you. And you know what that does? It causes you to shed all kinds of things. You might say, "I have a hobby. I have a this. I have a that. I I do this. I like to do that." And as God starts to work on us, those things somehow I I I really can't explain to you how that happens. But you wake up one day and it's been so diminished in your life that you don't care whether you do it or not anymore. But that isn't how you feel when it comes to serving God. You're like, I need to, I have to, I will serve God. Amen. Amen. I thank God for this peculiar people of the last days, not just a religious people. Amen. You know, it's there. So, I I'll just bear a little secret to you. Um, I've been studying uh some very interesting topics and um one of those led me to come across um uh a video about a particular Baptist church back east and uh how the church now now we're not here to degrade anybody so don't misunderstand me but they were an independent Baptist church but you might say Baptist kind of is Baptist and and uh so they're doing and and their pastor the founder pastor got older and um he decided, you know, I I I'm older now. I want to just have some, you know, freedom and time and relaxation in my life and pastoring a church of a few thousand people. Yeah. I said thousand. I mean, it's huge. And he said, I just need a break from that. Ultimately, this church elects a man, young man, dynamic, whatever. But he was a wolf in sheep's clothing. And not long after he becomes pastor, he starts shutting down every program that they considered important. And it was interesting as they're interviewing these people, some of them are like got tears in their eyes. You know, that's real to them. He he got rid of our choir. I've sang in the choir for 35 years and no choir. And our Sunday school outreach, he said it was ineffective and he cut it off. And there's another families, our our married couple uh retreat stuff and all that. Said it's not necessary. Cut it off. And then one day they stand in front of the church and said, 'Oh, by the way, we don't know how this happened, but this church is broke. Now the old bookkeeper for that church says can't be such. When I retired, this church had X dollars in reserve. You see what they did is not only did he start preaching another gospel, he pulled the life right out of the church. And when people would say, "That's not right, pastor." They would get a notice, a postcard in the mail. You have been removed from your unsatisfactory behavior. You can't even vote. And my point being is my brother and sister that we're living in a day that the scriptures are being fulfilled. Even if it isn't right here in your midst, we say, "What? We're not having those kind of issues." But it's being fulfilled. Amen. Wolves in sheep's clothing coming preaching another gospel. This being a gospel of wokeism. And I'm glad I'm awake today, but I don't want to be woke. Amen. I I want to be awakened to the presence of God, but I do not want to be caught up into all the rest of this. Now, my brother and sister, do we embrace all of that? Yes. I hope you understand what I'm saying here. Every bit of that that they're woke about, we embrace. Amen. But we embrace the word coming. Amen. And we don't leave the same as we came. There's what we do. We embrace the word and it changes us to that point. Now my brother and sister uh one more thing along that line. So I was uh studying this certain thought and it was there that a minister that has been known uh out of the Baptist church forever been on television been on the radio made recordings and podcasts and all kinds of stuff influenced tens and thousands maybe hundreds of thousands of people. And somebody asked him a direct question along those lines right there. And uh he he dodged artfully. He dodged around the whole question because you see he had a choice. It's either the word or it's an opinion. And he tried to make opinion the word. Amen. Tell that to that lamb that's on the cliff above the abyss. You're going to be all right there. That's where God wants you to live. Build you a little shelter right there on that little narrow rock above the abyss. and and just learn to eat gravel. What's going to happen to that little lamb? If he doesn't jump off the abyss out of desperation, he's going to become so weak he falls off the abyss. That's not what the word of God said for us. Amen. He said that we would be healthy. We would be fat. The very marrow of our bones and everything about us would cover us with flesh. Amen. and he would restore us to our perfect health. He would bring us to our place that God ordained for us in the beginning. And I don't know about you this morning. Yes, I do. I can say that. I do know about you this morning. God didn't call you to be a starve, skinny Christian. He called you to be a Christian that's filled with the word of God, with life flowing through your veins and the strength of the gospel uh flowing and giving you that that everything that comes your way, every battle that you must face, every giant that you come to that you have faith enough to stand up and say, "This is the hour God called me to stand here on the gospel. I shall not be moved from my position as a son or daughter of God." Not the skinny Christian that's like, "Well, if that's what the church wants, this is not about the church. This is about you, sons and daughters of God, called before the foundation of the world, to be able to stand here and say, "I stand with the word." Amen. Not with opinion. Amen. It says he knows the sheep of his fold and he knows where they're at at all times. Amen. I love that. Now, just give you a little example. This is a little bit not it ain't out in the weeds but just a little bit off to the side here. Now look at this. When we talk about he knows where we're at. Here's Adam and Eve. They know that they have done wrong. They're in the garden and God comes down in the cool of the evening. Adam, oh Adam, where are you? Adam. Adam. Adam. Where are you, Adam? And here's Adam and Eve over here hiding behind the foliage. Don't say a word. Hold still. The whole time, God knew where they were at. He didn't have to go walk all the trails in the garden, go down the avenues and the streets all the time. I just read a little question somebody had here the other day and they said, "Well, if God knows or knew where we were at, why didn't he come to us?" He did. Adam, Adam. Yeah. But you see, it was our state of mind that kept us from saying, "Here am I. Here am I." until Adam and Eve could no longer hide. Now, their ability to no longer hide was not something that happened in them. It was something God put on them that they finally had to come out and face themselves. Because you see, as until God brings us to a place that we're willing to face ourself, we won't. Amen. We will find an excuse after an excuse and continue down our own path. in the right season is how we would put it. Now, Ecclesiastes 3:1-11, you know it, but we'll just go through it here anyway. Um, it's there. Uh, would you put that up, Brother Isaac? Um, Ecclesiastes first verse. There is it. Was there not a first verse on that? Okay, I'll just read it to you. To everything there is a season and a time to every purpose under the heaven. A time to be born and a time to die. A time to plant and a time to pluck up that which is planted. A time to kill and a time to heal. And I say thank you Lord for that. A time to break down and a time to build up. A time to weep and a time to laugh. A time to mourn and a time to dance. A time to cast away stones and a time to gather stones together. A time to embrace and a time to refrain from embracing. A time to get and a time to loose. Time to keep and a time to cast away. A time to rend and a time to sow. A time to keep silence and a time to speak. A time to love, a time to hate, a time of war, and a time of peace. What profit hath he that workketh in that wherein he labor? I have seen the travail which God hath given to the sons of men to be exercised in it. He hath made everything beautiful in his time. Also, he has set the world in their heart so that no man can find out the work that God maketh from the beginning to the end. Amen. As you look at this, we'll realize, my brother and sister, every situation we have as sons and daughters of God is a time or a season for that. And that season was not by our will or desire. It's always by God's will and desire. While we might be crying for deliverance, it's God who opens the gates of deliverance to us. We have a time that we say, "Well, I I it was a season I knew I just had to serve God." Well, the reason you knew it was a season you had to serve God is because God placed that in your heart. And when he placed that in your heart, you realize I I need to follow the uncction of what God has placed in my heart. And so as we'll look at this, I don't want to go and and explain every one of these for time's sake, but my brother and sister, as you look at this, see, he is this uh prophet hath he that workketh in that where he labor. I have seen the travail. Anybody experienced travail which God has given to the sons of men to be exercised in it. Amen. If I could just emphasize this to you to this morning, my brother and sister, you got some travail. You got some burdens. you haven't got rid of. You got some struggles in your life. Realize God's wanting you to be exercised in that for that season to cause to shift you from the position you were comfortable in. Shift you to another position. And it's not that it's just from one position to another. But it is this that is bringing us into a position to be ready for the coming of the Lord. Amen. So, we're never going to come to a place we just stand still and say, "Praise God. I got the message of the hour. I've got the word of God. Praise God. I'm going to just stand right here." No. God is constantly moving us. He's constantly bringing us. And he causes this to come. And what is it for? It's for our maturity. Amen. It's not. We oftent times as humans get well, well, you know, they got moved like that. They had troubles. Well, maybe they deserve that. Oh, my brother and sister, they deserved it only because they're sons and daughters of God. They didn't deserve it because they did or said or it wasn't quite pleasing or this, that, or the other. God uses the travail of man to move us. Let's not be set down in concrete. Let's let God move us. Amen. It doesn't matter whether it's here or there, up or down, sideways, whatever it is. If God wants to move us, let God move us. Amen. because he's not bringing us into a position to keep us there, but he's moving us on. Amen. Look at Israel in going through the wilderness of sin. You know, they got to a place they had the promise of God. It was a real promise. God had proven that promise. And yet, they got out in the wilderness. It got difficult. And they said, "I sure wished I was back in Egypt. My taskmaster didn't beat me too hard. I mean, I don't have too many deep scars. Sure would have liked to have went back there. But you see, when they were in Egypt, God used the travail of their taskmaster to give them desire to move out of Egypt. But it was their lack of faith, lack of trust in God that instead of holding holy to the promise of God and walking forward. Imagine now we understand God's plan, right? I mean, we can't explain all of the plan, but we understand by scripture God's plan. Amen. He's redeeming a people. Yeah, we can sum his plan up pretty simple by just saying he's redeeming a people. Now, we know that God knew that those people would come to the Red Sea and bulk. And we know that they would get out in the wilderness of sin and complain. And we know that when the brazen serpent was offered to them, they would actually reject the brazen serpent because they don't remember anything in their church doctrine about a brazen serpent. And so they refused to look at the brazen serpent because if they looked upon the brazen serpent, right, that was sin judged. unbelief judged. If they had looked at the brazen serpent, whatever the serpent tried, serpent could just bite over and over again. Now, I'm not going to bear my skinny legs, my brother and sister, but you could stood there maybe as a witness and pulled your pant leg up and said, "You guys are scared of the serpent. Are you guys with me? Look at these scars. Yeah, Satan bit me here. Bit me here. He's bit me here. Bit me here in my family. Bit me here by losing my job. He bit me here under this circumstance. He bit me here because of my children. But I looked to the brazen serpent and I live. Amen. The only thing that they didn't have was faith enough to look and live. Because imagine Joshua and Caleb turned out to be the the primary those that come out of Egypt to walk into the promised land. They they were the men. There could have been a whole group walked into the promised land, right? But they wouldn't look and live. They wouldn't trust, right? And they wouldn't obey. My Lord, don't let me be like that. Amen. Let me be of those. Amen. To see the travail which God had given to the sons of men to be exercised in it. But he have made everything beautiful in his time. And he set the world in their heart so that no man can find out the work that God maketh from the beginning to the end. You see, God put a veil right there that we can't go out here. And people today, just listening to all part of this little study I've been doing, listening to this man, he speaks every language. He purposely learned every language that's in the Bible. I'm working on English. Soon as I get over English, I'm going to move on into some of these others, Aramaic or Hebrew or whatever. But you see, my brother and sister, sounds judgmental, and I'm sorry, but fundamentals in the scripture refute what the man's interpretation of the scripture that he learned. It's not learning, right? It's revelation. It's God's showing us, not how many languages we know, because then he starts to talk about, well, what I don't understand is as we get to this and this sub dialect of of Hebrew and this blah blah blah, and they conflict. So, we're going to have to study this out some more. My scripture says, "Repent, be baptized, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." Translate that into Spanish, it says the same thing. Translated into Bulgarian, it says the same thing. Translated, it's the same thing. Repent. Amen. It's there. The same thing. Let me just hurry along here. Now, in Hebrews chapter 2, we'll look at this. God always bears witness. Your life will bear witness. This is the product of the gospel, my brother and sister. Your life will bear witness. I don't know what your testimony is, but your life speaks so loud your voice can't be heard. Wow. I mean, you think about that. We can say all kinds of things and I hope that my life is saying amen to what I'm speaking, not contradicting it. Right? That's what we want. We want our life to bear witness. Amen. Amen. So, uh, your voice can't be heard, but you're living your everyday life will testify what you are. God bears witness. Yes, the Holy Spirit is a seal. And a seal takes both sides of the paper. They see you standing here, and they see you when you go away. Not only in church, but at everyday work. You You're sealed on both sides, inside and outside, by the joy that you have, by the life that you live. you're sealed in and outside that you know you're saved and the world knows you're saved. Now, that's what I like, my brother and sister. That's what I want my life to be. Sometimes I feel like I come very short of that, but I don't want to have to go out here and tell people I'm a Christian. I'm a Christian. I'm a Christian. Did you know I'm a Christian? I want my life to testify I'm a Christian. Amen. And I want people to say, "We think he's a little weird. He's a Christian. Well, that's good. Weird is in the eye of the beholder, right? Just like beauty is in the eye of the beholder, weird is in the eye of the beholder. All right? The word says that they would worship in a way called heresy. So, some people say that's heresy and some of us say it's God. Amen. Amen. I lost myself. That you know you're saved and the world knows you're saved by the life that you live. For God bears witness. Blessed be his holy name. My I feel religious. Think of it, brethren. There. Oh, my sheep hear my voice and a stranger they won't follow. Oh, how that our names are in the palms of his hands. It's before him day and night. His word is always before him. His promise he can't forget it. And he loves you now. He'll bear witness of his own. You don't open your mouth and say a word and the world will know something has happened to you. Amen. Amen. We don't need to carry a placard. We don't need to carry a billboard. Now, I'm not deriding this, but I have uh there's a man here in the valley. He was involved in politics for a while. Uh he has some very strong stands on things. He's known in the state house. He's known on the radio. And and he said, I asked him one time, I got to know the gentleman. And I asked him one time, I said, "So, you know, why do you wear that?" You know that some people call them sandwich boards, you know, uh, why do you wear that and walk up and down the street, block traffic, do all this stuff? I want people to know I'm a Christian. You think that's really the testimony that makes people know you're a Christian? Well, here's where I'm going to sound judgmental. Forgive me. I've seen the man mad because someone approached him and questioned and I've seen him mad and everything that he said just flew out the window when he got mad. Now, we're probably all guilty of such things, right? So, I'm not judging him in that fashion, but I'm telling you, whatever his sign said and whatever he said contradicted each other. And Lord, help us not to be those kind of people. Amen. Lord, help us that when it does, we say, "Lord, forgive me." Because you see, my brother and sister, they're going to see us as we are. Amen. Now, every story is different, but every story is the same. Amen. I'll pick on Brother Trevor for a moment. Brother Trevor's life, a young man growing up and what he did and the city and music and and these kind of things, right? That was part of Brother Trevor's testimony. Uh my my youth and all of that was actually relatively boring. We were just these wild Indian kids that roamed over the countryside and and um you know whatever and and you do that. So if you get my example of two different stories, but when God comes, it's the same story. It doesn't matter about the details there. It doesn't matter anything. It is about what God writes the story to be. We can say, "I was a drug addict. I was horrible. I was a convict." Those of you who are family camp, you met Brother Jeff. Amen. Brother Jeff, I tried to contact you this morning, but you didn't answer. So, I'm using you anyway. So, but you look at Brother Jeff. He he was telling me holds his arms out, you know, look at this, Brother Jeff. You'll hear this, I'm sure, but uh forgive me. You know, skull and crossbones on the inside of this arm, you know, and all these different tattoos. And he says, "I'm so ashamed of who I am, Brother Paul." And I said, "Brother Jeff, you can't be ashamed of who you are. Who you are is what God called you to be." Amen. And he called you to go down a path so that someday you could stand before people and say if you've went down this path of of this nature of these things of these temptations and these trials and stand here today as an overcomer in Jesus Christ do not be ashamed of the path that God let you go down because somebody's going to have to testify. Amen. And if we're all liy white, well, to the sinner out here that's been bit by the serpent, how are you going to tell them just look and live if you've never been bit, right? All you'll be able to talk to him intellectually. But when you have an experience to be able to say, I've been there. I done that. I overcome it by God's grace. Amen. And I stand today as a believer in the word of God. Amen. See, every story different, but the same. We see the hour. The Lord's calling sheep. Amen. And he's calling them. We're seeing a lot happening around us. We're seeing God calling sheep. Amen. And what is this? Is it all about doctrines? If we never recognize that we've been called to be a sheep, it won't matter how much pile of doctrine there is. Amen. We've got to recognize that we are sons and daughters of God. We have to recognize that the word has come and is living in us. Amen. At the opening of the word, it's calling a people out of a people. Is that not what it is? Amen. And so, it's setting it in order. Amen. Let me just move along here. If you don't mind, I'll close out on this. This just as I come across it, it just stirred me and I really, really want to. Hear ye him. You don't mind if I read this out, do you? I live on the Ohio River years ago. I heard a little story of a little boy that lived up there above us there. And he went to church and Sunday school and one day wanted to know who God was. And he said to his mommy, "Mommy, could you tell me who God is? Can I see him?" And his mommy said, "Well, I'd asked the Sunday school teacher." In other words, mom don't have an answer. which is kind of a shame that mama doesn't have an answer cuz this ain't a matter of I'm just a mama, right? This a matter of being a son or daughter of God is what gives us the answer. Not where I went to school or how much school I have. But our position in Jesus Christ, can I see him? Mommy said, "Well, I'd ask my Sunday school teacher." So he asked his Sunday school teacher. She said, "Well, I don't know. asked the pastor, went to the pastor and the pastor said,"Certainly not, son. No one can see God." Said, "God is a spirit, therefore no one can see him." And that didn't satisfy the curiosity of the little lad. So he used to go up the river to Six Mile Island with an old fisherman. And this old fisherman, old and gray hair, gray beard, and one day come up a storm, and on the road back, the fisherman pulling his boat. In case you're wondering what that means, he was rowing it. Okay? He wasn't pulling it behind his, you know, SUV pulling his boat and the little boy sitting in the back, the stern of the boat as the old fisherman was pulling the boat. Oh, how beautiful is here in Indiana after a rain. There must be some attraction to people there. Uh, and the leaves are all washed off and that real fresh smell, just a little riffle on the water, enough to make your boat or clip as you draw them. Everyone who pulls a boat knows that the rhythm of the boat. And he kept looking over his shoulder as he watched there was a rainbow that come out, circled the whole horizon. And that old fisherman as he watched the rainbow begin to weep and tears come down out of his eyes over his gray beard. And this little lad sitting in the back of the boat kept watching him. And he got so enthused. Now, let's just bust the myth that all old men are grouchy. That's right. Yeah. We get little myths, you know. That's right. You know, I'm grumpy because I'm old. You're grumpy because you haven't been reading this. Yeah. Yeah. The little lad sitting in the back of the boat kept watching. He got so enthused he ran up to the center of the boat, fell down to the old fisherman's lap, and said, "Sir, I'm going to ask you a question. My mother cannot answer. My Sunday school teacher cannot answer. Neither can my pastor answer. He said, "Can a man see God?" Why? He pulled the oars into his grab the little fellow up in his arms. This God bless your little heart. All I've seen for the past 40 years has been God. If there's God in here, Amen. you'll see God out there. That's right. Amen. Hallelujah. Sister Ruth, I trust this all made sense this morning. Amen. It just was something uh Oh, I didn't finish that. He will reflect himself no matter where it's at. Amen. It was a little something to disturb me and I I just, you know, kind of I know it's kind of simplistic, but I I think that the deep things are much more simple than we sometimes believe. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I want Brother Isaac to come up and just lead us in a few songs. I don't know if somebody can run the program for him. I didn't pay enough attention to know who ran it this morning. Amen. So 8:24, he knows my name. Amen. Aren't you glad? Let's just stand and worship the Lord for just a few minutes this morning. Amen. I love this song because it really shows us very clearly this whole picture just as that little boy needed to see the picture to realize we have a maker. Amen. And your heart that wants to serve God wants to serve God because he formed your heart to serve God. Amen. and to recognize that our life has always been in his hand. Your life never, no matter what's happened in your life, no matter as you look at the gospel and you say, "I was a ranked sinner. I I had lust of the flesh, pride of life. I had addictions. I had this. I had that." If you'll recognize those were all just symptoms of Satan trying to get you to a place to not believe. But the minute belief come into your heart, those things disappear. Those things no longer there. I have a maker before my heart. And before even time began, my life was in his hand. He knows my name. [Music] He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. [Music] I have a father. [Music] He calls me his own and he'll never leave me no matter where I go. He knows my name. [Music] He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. I have a father. He calls me his own and he'll never leave me no matter where I go. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. Amen. What a blessed revelation that is. Hallelujah. As he was talking about our brother Jeff, I love I loved that guy. What a wonderful, you know, it just made me think of this song, Unseen Hand. You know, we don't understand why we go through things sometimes or the trial or whatever it is. But he leads and guides me. If you're one of his, he's going to lead and guide you no matter what. Amen. Where you're standing today, he led you to that point. Amen. There he is. of seen hand to me that leads in way. I cannot see while going through this world of woke this hand still me as I go. I'm trusting to [Music] the unseen hand that guides me through this weery land [Music] and some sweet day I'll reach That strength still guided by the unseen hand. This hand has led [Music] through shadows tree. And while it leaves I have no fear. I know will lead me to that home where sin no sorrow or air can come. I'm trusting to the unseen hand. that guides me through this weery land. And some sweet day I'll reach that strand. still guided by the unseen hand. Amen. I long to see my Savior's face and sing the stor by grave and there upon that golden strand. Hallelujah. I'll praise him for his guiding hand. Trusting to the unseen hand that guides me through this weery land. And some sweet day I'll reach that strength guided by the unseen hand. Hallelujah. Praise God. See was just reading that last quote. I don't know if you have that handy, Ivan. Just the last part of that quote on here ye him [Music] says there at the bottom. If there's a God in here, you'll see God out there. He will reflect himself no matter where it's at. Amen. It just made me think of the the words of yet not I but Christ in me. As we dismiss today, let's just sing that together. Just give him thanks. Amen. Amen. Gift of grace is Jesus my redeemer. There is no more for heaven now to give. He is my joy, my righteousness and freedom. My steadfast love, my deep and boundless peace. To this I hope. My hope is only Jesus. For my life is wholly bound to him. Oh how strange and divine I can sing. All is mine yet not I but through Christ in me. The night is dark but I am not forsaken. For by my side the Savior he will stay. I labor on in weakness and rejoiceing for in my need his power is displayed. To this I hope my shepherd will defend me through the deepest valley he will lead. Oh, the night has been one and I shall overcome yet not I but through Christ in me. Fate I dread. I know I am forgi. Hallelujah. The future's sure, the price it has been paid. For Jesus bled and suffered for my pardon, and he was raised to overthrow the grave. To this I hold. My sin has been defeated. Jesus now and ever is my plea. Oh the chains are released. I can sing. I am free yet not I. But through Christ in me with every breath I long to follow Jesus for he has said that he will bring me home. And day by day I know he will renew me until I stand with joy before the throne. [Music] To this I hope. My hope is only Jesus. All the glory ever more to him. [Music] When the race is complete, still my lips shall repeat. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. To this I hope my hope is only Jesus. All the glory ever more to him. When the race is complete, still my ship lips shall repeat yet not I but through Christ in me. When the race is complete, still my lips shall repeat. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. [Music] Yet not I, but through Christ in me. [Music] Yet not I, but through Christ in me. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. As you go this week, let the Christ in you just just reflect him. Amen. Amen. Just reflect that light to this world. God bless you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Yeah. Hallelujah. [Music] Praise [Music] God. [Music]
