################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-19 - October 19, 2025 - Bro. Paul Haylett - When The Word Is Not Enough - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-19
Title:    October 19, 2025 - Bro. Paul Haylett - "When The Word Is Not Enough"
Speaker:  Paul Haylett
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vbZet6QXq8
========================================

Description:
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh come ye sinners lost and hopeless. Jesus blood can make you free. For he saved the worst among you when he saved the rich like me. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner clean. And I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner clean to the faint. He giveth power through the mountain makes a way. findeth water in the desert turns the night to golden day. And I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner clean. And I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner clean. In temptation, he is near thee. Holds the powers of hell at bay. Guides you to the path of safety. gives you grace for every day. And I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner clean. And I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner clean. And he will keep thee while the agees roll throughout eternity. Though earth hinders and hell ragees, all must work for good to thee. And I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vile sinner clean. And I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner clean. And I know. And I know. Yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner clean. And I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner clean. Amen. Well, good morning you all. Good to good to be with you. Um, let's go to number nine, please. This old world can never hold me any moment and I'll be gone. For I've made my consecration and I have my wedding garment on. Sweet honey in the rock. Sweet honey in the rock. Oh, it tastes like honey in the rock. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, it tastes like honey in the rock. Oh, this old world can never hold me any moment and I'll be gone. For I've made my consecration, and I have my wedding garment on. Sweet honey in the rock. Sweet honey in the rock. Oh, it tastes like honey in the rock. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, it tastes like honey in the rock. Amen. Why don't we stand together for this next song number 611? I have found a friend in Jesus. He's everything to me. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. The lily of the valley. In him alone I see. All I need to cleanse and make me fully whole. In sorrow he's my comfort. In trouble he's my stay. He tells me every care on him to roll. Hallelujah. He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. He all my grief has taken and all my sorrows born. In temptation, he's my strong and mighty town. I have all for him forsaken and all my idols torn from my heart. And now he keeps me by his power. Though all the world forsake me and Satan tempts me sore. Through Jesus I shall safely reach the goal. Hallelujah. He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. He will never never leave me nor yet forsake me here. While I live by faith and do his blessed will. A wall of fire about me. I have nothing now to fear. With his menhe my hungry soul shall fill. Then sweeping up to glory to see his blessed face where rivers of delight shall ever roll. Oh, he's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. Oh, he's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. Amen. Praise the Lord. We'll go to prayer with this next song. Number 443, please. [Music] If the world from you withholds of its silver and its gold and you have to get along with me fair Just remember in his word how he feeds the little bird. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. [Music] If your body suffers pain and your health you can't regain and your soul is almost sinking in despair. Jesus knows the pain you feel. He can save and he can heal. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Just take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. and your eneies [Music] assail and your heart begins to fail. Don't forget that God in heaven answers prayer. He will make a way for you and will lead you safely through. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leaveth it. [Music] When your youthful days are gone, and old age is stealing on, and your body bears beneath the weight of care. He will never leave you. Then he'll go with you to the end. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Amen. We're going to go to prayer now. Uh let's remember sister Dorcas for um a health need and also brother Pashant sister Kona and baby Isaac recovering and sister Sue is not here today. Let's remember her in prayer and uh the Nash family traveling and um sister April as well and brother Sergey and brother Vicilei not here [Music] for sister and uh prayer for Dan and uh Dana will be traveling to Idaho. So let's remember them in prayer. Uh brother Trevor is visiting parents and sister Carrie not here today. Let's remember them. Sister um Aaliyah not feeling well and sister Loretta also having a fever. And uh let's remember the the Adrian family up in Montana and the believers in the outlying areas. Amen. Let's bow our heads, take these knees to the Lord. Gracious Lord Jesus, we come before you this morning, Lord. haven't sang the songs of praise, Lord. And this last song that we sang, Lord, we just bring all our needs and cares to you, Lord God, knowing that you can take care of him. You have the answer. You've provided, Lord, a way of escape through the trials and you've paid the price for our healing, Lord. And I just pray for each one of these that have been mentioned, Sister Dorcas, Lord, with the need. Brother Pashan, Sister Aancha, and and their little baby Isaac, Lord, recovering from sickness. We just pray that your um your healing touch will be with them, Lord, and and Sister Aaliyah and Sister Loretta as well. Lord, at home today, not feeling well, Lord. May your spirit be with them. May your presence, Lord, fill the the the place that they're in, Lord, and that you touch them, Lord God. And those who are traveling, those who can't be here today, Lord, for different circumstances, we pray that you be with them, Lord. Keep them safe on on the roads, wherever they may be. Lord, we we just we can't go without you even one day. Lord, we just need you so much. Lord, and Sister Sue at home and brother Dan and Dana um traveling, Lord, we pray that you'd be with them as well. And uh Lord, all the other ones that I maybe have forgotten, Lord, all and just praying for all the ones that are here today, Lord. I just pray that you touch each heart, Lord. That you be with us in the service. That you um that you bring us, Lord, this this word, Lord, that we need of encouragement to give us strength, Lord, to to reveal something to us, Lord, to bring us closer to you. We pray that you be with us, Lord. We just love you, Lord, and thank you for everything you do for us, Lord. We just uh are blessed people, Lord, just walking in your light and and seeing your word, Lord. We we love you, Lord. We thank you and just invite you to be with us today. We pray that you'll bless the offerings, Lord, and the tithes. And uh we commit it into your hands and this whole service in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. We have a special sister Jerry. Um Sister Jerry and uh just once again greeting you all and um Get and Lily, good to see you. and uh all the ones on the internet. God bless you. Hope you are blessed today. [Music] Down from his glory, [Music] everlivinging story. My God and Savior came and Jesus was his name. Born in a manger to his own, a strangeanger. A man of sorrows, tears, and agony. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, [Music] my all in all, the great creator became my savior and all God's fullness dwell. dwellth in him. What contention bringing us redemption that in the dead of night, not one faint hope in sight. God gracious tender [Music] laid aside his splender. [Music] Stooping to woo to win to save my soul. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my all in all. A great creator became my savior and all God's fullness dwellth in him without reluctance flesh and blood his substance. [Music] He took the form of man, revealed the hidden plan. Oh, glorious mystery, sacrifice of Calary. And now I know he is the great I am. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my all in all. The great creator became my savior and all God's fullness dwell in him. [Music] Let's sing that chorus again. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my all in all the great creator became my savior and all God's fullness dwell. dwellth in him. Amen. Thank you, Sister Jerry. God bless you. Um let's just sing one more song as we invite brother Paul. Um Potter's hand number 970. [Music] Beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior, I know for sure. All of my days are held in your hands, crafted into your perfect plan. You gently call me into your presence, guiding me by your Holy Spirit. Teach me, dear Lord, to live all my life through your eyes. I'm captured by your holy calling. Set me aart. I know you're drawing me to yourself. Lead me, Lord, I pray. [Music] Take me, mold me, use me, fill me. I give my life to the potter's hand. Call me, guide me, lead me, walk beside me. I give my life to the potter's hand. Oh, beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior I know for sure. All of my days are held in your hands, crafted into your perfect plan. You gently call me into your presence, guiding me by your Holy Spirit. Teach me, dear Lord, to live all my life through your eyes. I'm captured by your holy calling. Set me apart. I know you're drawing me to yourself. Lead me, Lord, I pray. Oh, take me, mold me, use me, fill me. I give my life to the potter's hand. Call me. Guide me. Lead me. Walk beside me. I give my life to you. Beautiful. God bless you. Amen. Is it wonderful today just to have this opportunity to just give our life to him? Amen. Let him control our life. You know, we do pretty good as humans and planning our life out. But I tell you, our life is much better when we leave the planning to our Lord Jesus Christ and just let him guide us. Amen. And as he guides us, my brother and sister, we don't always understand uh exactly the footsteps that God takes us on. But if you fully trust him, then you know that he has and is taking you in a perfect plan, a perfect place. God bless you to each and everyone. God bless you. Uh Gideon, Lily, good to see you here. It was nice to be able to greet them. and um um Manasse and Katie. Good to see you guys here today. And each and every one of you, our dear sister back there. I don't guess I even know your name, but God bless you. Good to see you again today. And uh we just thank the Lord for his grace and mercy. Amen. I want to bring uh greetings to you from our brother George Smith. And uh he just um asks that you would just remember him in prayer. Um, Brother George is getting a little older and uh still just uh traveling uh preaching and uh all all the things he feels like God's called him to do. I'm going to do something just a little bit different this morning. I hope that uh it is okay. But um Sister Dorcas, is it okay to share your text to me? We Just want to lift and very seriousness our sister Dorcas as the doctors uh have diagnosed what they believe to be lymphoma. You know the devil just doesn't give up. If he sees life, he does everything he can do to destroy that life because he is so afraid of one person fully committed to God defeating him. Now imagine the whole bride of Jesus Christ. How that Satan he he he just works overtime because he cannot stand the thought that you, yes, the bride of Christ, you are going to defeat him. He has spent all these seven ages perfecting his plan on how to deceive and destroy mankind. And when he sees a a son or a daughter of God rising up and saying, "You know what? In spite of everything that's happening, I still believe." Amen. I want to ask our sister Dorcas to come forward. I'd ask the brothers of the church to come forward. We want to lay our hands upon sister Dorcas according to the word of God. And uh it says if we lay our hands upon that and we believe they shall recover. And I believe Mark 16 is just as true and powerful today as when it was pinned into the scripture. Amen. Do we believe that? &gt;&gt; Amen. We believe God is our healer and we're not here defeated. You say, "But a a brother or sister, somebody passed away, a heart attack, a this or that." My brother and sister, God chooses the path that he takes us from this world. We will not allow Satan to choose that path for us. Amen. If we go down in the battle, we will go down victorious. Amen. You say, "What?" No, it is. When you go down, a believer goes down in the battle, he is still victorious in the name of Jesus Christ. Sister Dorcas, would you come? My brothers, would you come? Amen. We just want to according to the word of God, we want to lay hands upon her. And if we would just stand and we would each one join uh in faith uh the prayer of faith. Amen. The prayer of the righteous, the scripture says avaleth much. And uh we would just Amen. We believe that we our prayers are going to avail much. Amen. Today amen. Sister Dorcas, we come as believers and believing that you and all the things that you have faced in your life have proven by your life that you are an overcomer that you are a daughter of God and the very life of Jesus Christ is manifested in your determination to serve the Lord. Amen. to stand faithfully on the word and we would just come today as your brothers. Amen. Brothers and sisters, just to bind as the prophet said, we bind our faith together. It will not be my faith. It will be your faith. But we bind our faith with your faith. And we leave with all of our heart that God has heard your cry, sees your situation, and is here to touch your body. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Amen. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, as we come before you today, Lord, already just the things Lord that you know that have confirmed that you are here. Lord, we would just come, we lay our hands upon our sister, according to the word of God, Lord, according to the leadership of your Holy Spirit. Father, you said that if we would ask anything in your name and not doubt it, not question it, Father, that you would give that to us. And today, Father, we just bind our faith with our sister Dorcas, Lord, and believe that healing is already in her, Father. We would just ask, Lord, that healing virtue would flow through her body today. Let no words, no thoughts, no deeds of doubt come to take this victory away from our sister. Lord, you can come, Father, and just move through her right now. And that's what we come according to your word, believing for. Your word tells us to believe for life. Lord, we your word tells us that we claim life and what we speak will come to pass. We ask you, Lord, just to touch our dear sister. Start the process even now, Father, that the Holy Spirit moving through her, Lord, will just start to restore the blood cell. Start to restore everything that Satan has tried to put out of order. But Lord, we know that you are the perfect one. And Lord, we put our sister under the blood of the perfect one this morning. Lord, that healing virtue will come. Lord, we confess it, we believe it, and we send it forth with a confession that our sister is healed in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Sister Dorcas, just as a prophet in the prayer lines over and over and over again told those that he prayed for, go believing, go confessing. Amen. Our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ is your healer today. Lord, we thank you in your precious name. Amen and amen. Hallelujah. Can we lift our hands and thank the Lord this morning? Amen. For this word, my brother and sister, this word is not just concerning sickness of the body, but it's cons sickness of the of the spirit and of the mind, of the emotion, and all of these things. He's our healer. It's time for us to come and claim what God has already given us. Amen. To stand on the word of God today, my brother and sister. You say, "Oh, oh, I I believe. I believe." But my brother and sister, it takes more than that. The devil believes. &gt;&gt; The devil believes this is true. The devil knows that this is powerful, but he will not leave it. He live it. He cannot live it. But God has given you the ability to live it. Amen. Can we just say thank you, Lord, for that ability to live the word. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. I'd like to announce a youth meeting at Brother Alex and Sister Rachel's this Friday at 700 p.m. Might be news to Sister Rachel. No. Uh and uh so hopefully youth, young people, we haven't put an age cap on it. So if you feel young, you can show up. Some of you just look at me like some of you get it. Amen. So anyway, we just invite one and all uh um come with an expectation. Amen. It's good. We have fellowship, but we're really there to just reach into the word, pull something out that would impact our lives. Amen. So, um Brother Alex, Sister Rachel, 7 p.m. this coming Friday. And then uh don't know if this is the right time, but um sister Jerry and I will be uh fulfilling a promise I made to brother Jose and we will be traveling up to the Tri Cities to speak at the little assembly there in the Tri Cities this coming weekend. And uh we desire your prayers, travel mercies that Lord would give to us. And um we we don't normally make much of it, but um I just uh heard that somebody had a birthday this last week. And uh so we just uh want to wish happy birthday to our sister Vika. And uh I appreciate I appreciate all of our musicians. Not trying to single anyone out, but I really appreciate sister Vika puts her heart into playing the piano for us. And I believe that we are blessed by the gift that God has given her. and we say thank you and happy birthday, Sister Vika. Amen. Amen. Let's uh turn in our Bibles this morning. I got kind of a unique title that um I hope you don't judge too quickly on the title, but uh when the word is not enough. And it would appear that we would think there is something more that is necessary and actually there is. And uh we often times say well we've we've got the word for our hour and uh that's all we need. But even the prophet of God come and said you know what there's something you need besides just the word. And we'll touch on that today. And uh if you'll be patient with me, turn in your Bibles to the 2 chapter of James verses 14- 26. And um uh very familiar scripture uh that uh that we have heard and has been preached on many times. James the 2 chapter verse 14 through verse 26. What does it profit my brethren? Though a man say he hath faith and have not works, can faith save him? If a brother or sister be naked, and destitute of daily food, and one of you say unto them, Depart in peace, be ye warmed and filled, notwithstanding, you give them not those things which are needful to the body, what doth it profit? Now, my brother and sister, Brother Brandham speaking uh along the lines of a painted fire. If you just offer somebody something symbolic, not real, they're not going to be warmed by a painted fire. And if you just tell them, "Oh, oh, you'll be blessed." And there is nothing to back it up as the scriptures just shared with us. Yay. Oh, let me go back up. Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead being alone. Yay, a man may say, "Thou hast faith, and I have works. Show me thy faith without thy works, and I will show thee my faith by my works. Thou believest that there is one God thou doest well?" That ought to catch all the trinitarians right there. The devils also believe and tremble. But wilt thou know, O vain man, that faith without works is dead? Was not Abraham our father justified by works when he had offered Isaac his son upon the altar? Seeest thou how faith wrought with with his works and by works was faith made perfect. And the scripture was fulfilled which saith Abraham believed God and it was imputed unto him for righteousness and he was called the friend of God. Ye see then how that by works a man is justified and not by faith only. I want you to think about our title today. Amen. Not by faith only. Likewise also was not Rahab the harlot justified by works. When she had received the messengers and had sent them out another way. For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also. Heavenly Father, we ask Lord that you would just bless the word today. Lead us, Father. Let it be a portion for each and everyone here. Lord, you know how to rightly divide your word to each and every life. Lord, we just ask, Father, you would use us as a vessel, but Lord, let us be set aside that it be your words and not ours. We ask this in the precious name of Jesus Christ that you would move in the midst of your people today, touch lives, change lives, open things. Father, reveal things, Father. Lord, that we could walk away a better Christian, a better son or daughter of God. We ask it in your precious name. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Now, my statement may seem kind of strong to actually make a statement that the word is not enough. And we'll look at this. If you um if we look in the overall context of of what I'm trying to say today, you'll see that many a person has a Bible. Uh many a person has their study guide. They have their books, they have their tapes and is actually a weak Christian. That having the Bible, having uh books, tapes, etc. does not make a person a strong Christian. It takes something more than just having the resource on the shelf. Those of you that are in school and studying and taking tests. Just because you have the book in your backpack doesn't mean you'll pass the test. You have to dig into the book and glean what is in the book for you out of it for you to come. And and we'll look in the day that we're living. I remember a brother one time we were discussing a certain situation and I said I shared with him a little testimony uh about how that I had been so disappointed by a a particular person uh their behavior and and he told me and I won't go into the details of that but he says you know what what is really discouraging is is when people uh very things I I'll just go ahead and share it I mean if I hope it doesn't uh offend offend anyone. But he said, "What really bothers me is when people say that they believe everything the prophet of God said and you go in their home and there's a picture of the cloud and a picture of the prophet on top of their 60-in screen TV that is hooked to Netflix and everything else." He says, "You know, the prophet of God said, throw that thing out of your house." And and yet, you know, my brother and sister, we live in a day that we can compromise. We can we can do that and we we'll take a certain angle and and we would look at it and say but you know they do this and my brother and sister it doesn't matter if we have those things in our life that are a hindrance to us. Reminds me one time this might sound silly if you don't mind me using something silly but a man at the boat ramp you know he was there brand new pickup brand new boat and all the perfect fishing gear and and it just looked like this man had it all. And as he went to pull away from the boat ramp, uh the boat didn't seem to want to respond. And finally, somebody come up to him and sir, you have to unhook the boat from the trailer first. And so that's what we got to do today, my brother and sister. We got to unhook oursel from Leodysa before we can actually make progress to go forward. It's not enough that we have books and tapes and resource on the shelf. We actually have to take that and apply it in our life to move forward. We have to break through uh break away from the spirit of Leodysa if we expect to make any progress as a believer. And so you know look at that and to be a weak or or uh uh um ineffective Christian it it shows that there is something lacking in our life. And if you think, my brother and sister, if brother Paul is is preaching down at you today, you're mistaken because everything I will say today applies to me also. Every one of us, we live by the same rules. There's no exemptions in the word of God. Amen. I want you to think about that. Enoch didn't have an exemption. Amen. That caused him to to please God and walk off the earth. my brother and sister, because of the exemption. Every one of us, we play by the exact same rules, the same word of God. So, just let that apply to you. If it fits, apply it. Amen. If it isn't for you, it doesn't affect you in that way and it's the word of God, just say amen. And just go on. Don't let don't let it detour you. But you see, if we're lacking something, now remember, Brother Brandon brings a little story and people say, "Oh, that's such an interesting story of the little boy that ate the petal off a bicycle." Now, my brother and sister, no one in their natural side would say, "Oh, that little boy has a sulfur deficiency. Let's give him a petal off a bicycle." The doctor wouldn't say, "Just buy him a go down to the hardware store and buy him a pedal and let him eat it." But there was something in that boy that sensed there was something in that bicycle pedal. Amen. The rubber there, the sulfur in that whether he smelled it, there some sense that was there and he starts eating the pedal of a bicycle and it satisfies what it is or starts to satisfy what it is that he's lacking. So my brother and sister, don't take that as a story uh that the prophet gave. He was making a point that when there is something lacking in our lives, God is going to put something in you to seek what you are lacking. Now, if you don't really care how you live and you don't care what is going on around you and you're just going to live every day to be satisfied for the day, then you don't sense what is lacking. There's nothing anyone can do for you. It would take a move of the Holy Spirit to cause you to realize, I need something. And for sons and daughters of God, we are not, my brother and sister, of this world. We weren't created for this world. We were created to serve God. Can we say amen to that? Amen. And so created to serve God, what's lacking in our life, God is going to put in there a a something to satisfy that. And so it's there that we'll find that for sons and daughters of God. Amen. The word is what we need. Now, my title would think that I'm declaring that there's a time that the word is not enough. I don't want you to misunderstand this morning that we're not saying the word is insufficient, but the prophet of God lays out something very clear to us that it's not just the word that we need. We have to have something more. I got inspired this morning. There's two things that happened. Amen. what I was studying, some things that I had, things I added into the the thought, some things I deleted. And when it comes down to, and I'm studying, there's usually songs that come to me. And uh you know, I was there and wrote on the bottom of my notes the lily of the valley. And then I thought, well, you know what? I'm trying to break my habit of trying to be this preacher and the song leader. And so I just erased the lily off the valley lily of the valley off my notes because hey we got a song leader let him come and what the Lord lays on his heart. Then I am here and I hear and brother Alex then sings lily of the valley and I thought thank you Lord but what struck me the most I won't go into the detail of it but we're in the back and brother Alex is there going to bless the service and he literally prays an outline of what I have been studying. My brother and sister, you talk about God touching your heart to give you a little bit of confidence that what you are thinking, what you want to uh speak on is not just your own thoughts because God is dealing with others on the very same thought. And I would pray today that God is dealing with you along these lines also. Amen. So if there's something lacking in our life, you know, oftent times a very easy one for us to say is I need to pray more. Can anybody say, "I I agree with that." That that I know that I need to pray more. So, what is causing you to say, "I need to pray more." You're recognizing there's a lack in your life. Amen. You're recognizing that that there's something there that you should do. And so, we come, if we're not careful, we'll l we'll ignore or uh uh go on lacking uh that because I'm too busy. I'm this. I'm that. But you see, if you really are hungry, you'll find something to eat. And the prophet of God shows us that there was people who once ate from a fine table are now eating out of a garbage can because they couldn't find something to satisfy the hunger. But we're sitting here this morning by the grace of God. Can we say the grace of God? Amen. We are here by the grace of God. we have something to satisfy that hunger. We don't have to go to a garbage can. We can go right into the word of God in the presence of God and have that satisfied. Now, in James 1:es 1-8, James, a servant of God and of the Lord Jesus Christ, to the 12 tribes that are scattered abroad, greeting, my brother, count it all joy when you fall in diverse temptations. Every time I read this scripture, I'm thinking, "Wow, without a little better understanding of the word of God, how could we count it joy when we fall into diverse temptations? When when we are tested, when we are struggling with things around us, how could we count that as joy?" But my brother and sister, verse three says, "Knowing this that the trying of your faith workketh patience." So he's not saying that you are an unbeliever because you have come into this diverse temptation, these deep temptations, these temptations of the flesh and of the mind and emotion. It is not that you are there suddenly a sinner, suddenly an unbeliever, suddenly a heathen as we would use that word. But my brother and sister, this is God working to the trying of your faith to give you more patience to come to the place, you know, I don't know about you, but there's times like as being a pastor, it's kind of become a joke, and I don't mean it jokingly, but there's times that I quit being a pastor every single week. I can't do this anymore. But you know what happens after what brings about that? God always comes and pours in a little bomb of Gilead. And when it's all done, it's like, wait, I'm not a quitter. And I know for a fact that God has brought me into this position. And if I walk away from that, I I can't just go sit on a pew and say, I'm not going to be a pastor. I'm not going to be a shepherd anymore. I'm just going to sit on the pew and be content. And in just a week or two or three, I'll have so many sermons piled up. I'll be tormented that I want to preach this. I need to preach this. I want to share this. I got to find somebody to share this with. You see, God creates in us this desire and this ability to live the word. And my brother and sister, people can backslide for years. Amen. And they will tell you, I I know these men. I know these examples. They backslid for years. And when they come back to the Lord, they say, I have been miserable for 25 years. &gt;&gt; You'd say, but why didn't you come back and serve God if you've been miserable this whole time? And they have a whole list. Well, I didn't know if the God would accept me, and I don't know if the people would accept me, and I don't know if I wouldn't just backslide or fall again. I don't know this, and I don't know that. But there comes a time that they finally come to the place that the only thing that will satisfy them is the word of God. And and they have to come back in that presence. They have to come and and worship him and serve him again because that's the only place in their life they've ever found rest and peace and comfort. Amen. But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing. For any of you lack wisdom, if any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God that giveth to all men libery, and upgradeth not, and it shall be given him. Now, I want to just venture a little bit, if you don't mind, this morning outside the boundary of the scripture. Not trying to change the wording, but I just want to draw this out. If you if any of you lack, and let's just put a line right there, and it doesn't have to say wisdom. What is it you lacked this morning? If any of you lacked something in your life this morning, the scripture is telling you if you lacked wisdom, ask. Let him ask of God. But if there is something deeper besides wisdom in your life, you have no peace, you have no comfort, you're troubled in your spirit, you're troubled in your mind, whatever it might be, ask God. Don't just sit there and say, you know, I guess this is my lot in life that I'm here with no peace, no comfort, no security, but my brother and sister, if you lack, ask God. &gt;&gt; He is faithful. He says, "You ask anything in my name and I'll give it to you." &gt;&gt; Amen. He's not talking about a Bentley or a mansion. He's talking about a spiritual position that you and I would come in. But if we're sitting here, I hope I'm not too blunt this morning, but I I think I'm starting to understand after all these years, starting to understand humanity, uh humanity, my brother and sister, we're sitting here today and every single one of us is lacking things in our life. &gt;&gt; I want to know, are you asking God daily? &gt;&gt; Maybe you've been raised up with uh you ask God once and never bring it up again. Well, I'm going to tell you that doesn't fit the scripture. &gt;&gt; You need to ask God if you lack something in your life. &gt;&gt; Whether it be wisdom or peace or comfort or understanding, you want more. Prophet of God says pray for revelation. He didn't say pray for revelation once and go on. He says pray for revelation. That's one of the most important things you should pray for. And I would say today what we lack in our life, we should. I don't care what position you're in today. Whether you've been serving God for 40 years or you've been serving God for 40 minutes. Amen. You need to have the confidence and understanding God's here and he wants you to ask him. He wants you to call out to him and claim what it is you lack in your life. And he says here, amen, that he giveth to all men libery and upgradeth not, and it shall be given him. I say today, &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's ask God for what we're lacking. Let's let's put our hand in our heart up and say, "Lord, I I have things in my life that I know need to change. I'm lacking in that position and and Lord, I I'm not going to approach you." Now, my brother and sister, if if you haven't repented before the Lord, you really should put things in the correct order. But I'm telling you, I've seen it over and over again that people who were not even saved, but sincere desiring God, ask for things in their lives, not material things, but spiritual things, and God come on the scene and give that to them. What's he doing? He's sending you a love letter. He's sending you a bouquet of flowers. He's letting you know, I hear your prayer. I hear your cry. I hear your need. And I'm here to let you know I'm here to be your savior. I'm here to be your healer. I'm here to be what's lacking in your life. &gt;&gt; But it's amazing. The scripture says that we have not because we ask not. &gt;&gt; But when we do finally get around to asking, we don't even ask correctly. &gt;&gt; Lord, help us to ask correctly. Let it not be a selfish prayer. Let it not be for selfish reasons, but let it be for the reasons that Lord, we could come closer to you. We could be a better Christian. We could serve you better. Lord, I'm desiring to be a better husband, a better father, a a better wife, a better mother, a better daughter of God, a better son of God. This is my desire, Lord. This is what I'm longing for. And I recognize things lacking in my life. You realize my brother and sister that our children, you look through, you look through the the experience of being a parent and typically the child that you struggle the most with and the parent you struggle the most with is the one you're most like. &gt;&gt; Did you get me? I don't get along with my dad. I don't get along with my mom. I don't get along with my sister, my brother, grandma or grandpa. &gt;&gt; You'll find that you carry the same traits, &gt;&gt; they do. And the very thing I find it humorous actually, very ironic, the very traits that you dislike is who you are. So ultimately you don't even like yourself. So what do you need? You need understanding. You need wisdom. And if you lack those things, you will never be able to forge a relationship with that individual when you are in that condition. But when you start to understand that every one of us stands before God as a sinner saved by grace. Amen. and that God overlooked our need and overlooked our shortcoming and our failure. God overlooked those things in our life. And by grace, we'll overlook that in their lives. And we'll pray for wisdom to realize that just as annoying as they are to you, you are that annoying to them. Oh my children, sorry, but if you think your parents are annoying, it's because you're annoying. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. God will amen his word. Amen. Thank you, brother. Amen. My brother and sister, you see, we get this idea that we've got it right and everyone else is lacking. But the problem is is while we think everyone else is lacking, we're actually the one who is lacking. We have no grace for each other. Well, we say they should have more grace, you need to have more grace. Or rather, you wouldn't be saying they need more grace, my brother and sister. You see, the very things that make our relationships work is usually something in our self that is lacking that we can do. Oh, that brother, he acts so spiritual. Well, why does it bother you that he acts so spiritual? If he's a hypocrite, pray for him. &gt;&gt; But if he's sincere, then maybe you might look in his life and see what is he doing different than you are doing. And why do you feel like it matters that you would judge them as they are too spiritual? Could we be too spiritual? &gt;&gt; Well, we can be so spiritual we're of no earthly value. And I hope actually I reach that point one day where I have no earthly value. And then if there's no earthly value, maybe God will just take us home and we'll be done. But you see my brother and sister, often times the very thing that we criticize is what's actually lacking in our own life. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Say amen or ouch, one of the two. Okay? &gt;&gt; You know, amen. But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that waverth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed. For let not that man think he shall receive anything of the Lord. A double-minded man is unstable in all his ways. My oh my. You see this is just not about picking one little thing out but this affects our whole entire life. Natural, spiritual relationships, everything. It affects it. &gt;&gt; You guys are quiet today. Now, many times in the last while, I've preached to you about our need for action. How that God, you know, Acts 2:38 says, "Repent." There's an action taking place, right? You're repenting. Amen. And be baptized. There's an action. You go to the water, you get baptized. There's an action that God promises you that when you repent and you get baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, my brother and sister. So, you see this scripture right here, Acts 2:38 is full of action. That action's not just on God's part, but that action's also on our part. And when we fulfill our part, God fulfills his part. You see, so this is all a works, you might say. Now, we don't believe it's just works alone. You're not going to go do a million good deeds and make it to heaven. Amen. That won't work. That's not the kind of gospel God has presented to us. But we're not going to be the people who sit on our hands when we should have some action and we sit back and say, "If God wants it to happen, it'll happen." Well, you know, if you're a son or daughter of God, your name's on the Lamb's Book of Life, you might not like how God makes it happen. Amen. Sometimes God brings about very very drastic actions that causes us to pursue him. Amen. My brother and sister, why would we be so stubborn in the human element in our flesh, in our mind, and our emotions? Be so stubborn that we know we should and we don't. We won't do it because the preacher said, "I should do it. I'm not going to do it." Then my brother and sister, you realize the preacher is so ill in the picture of God. so irrelevant that God said it would be by the preaching of the word it would perfect you. But that's kind of an illrelevant thing, right? So it's there because he's not preaching. If he's preaching his own idea, you'll never come to perfection. So the preacher himself is like the messenger. I have never Amen. I have received some pretty hefty checks in the mail over my lifetime of companies that owed us a lot of money for crops and and and work that we did for them. I've never once went out, tackled the mailman, gave him a hug, and said, "Thank you for bringing me this money. He's just a carrier. He's not the money. He's not the original origin of it. He's just a carrier." My brother and sister, when you don't like what the words being spoken to you and it's being spoken in love, don't get mad at the preacher. Ask God to explain to you and open to your heart what it is God is trying to say to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, if the preacher here is just a mean, vindictive man, go find another preacher. Don't don't sit there and learn to hate preachers because this man is mean and vindictive. Amen. He's not the message. He's just the messenger. He's just the carrier putting the mail in the mailbox. Cuz that same mailman that has delivered very large checks to my mailbox has also delivered very large bills to my mailbox. Amen. I would love him one day and hate him the next. But it has nothing to do with him. And when the word one day comes and tells you, you're sons and daughters of God called of Almighty God from before the foundation of the world. You've been washed. You've been cleansed. You've been sanctified. You've been filled with the Holy Ghost. My brother and sister, you say, "Thank you, Lord, that the word has come forth." But when the word comes and says that sin, like a flood has creeped up to your house, we get the idea it's like a tsunami sweeping through the window, tearing everything up. But when the word comes and says that he would come like a flood, sometimes the flood just rises so slowly &gt;&gt; and just creeps in under the door. Amen. &gt;&gt; And around. &gt;&gt; I got it. &gt;&gt; And when it's all done, the water is still in the house. &gt;&gt; Sin is still in the house. Whether it ripped the porch off, terrified you, or it just come really, really slow. When it has invaded your house, the house of God, temple of the Holy Ghost, &gt;&gt; it's still a flood. But God said, "You know what? When that comes, I'm going to raise up a standard." &gt;&gt; Now, my brother and sister, what is that standard? Feel free if you want to answer it, speak out. What is that standard? &gt;&gt; Yes. The word always comes and rises up. Now I want you to understand we get the idea that when Satan would come in like a flood that God raises a standard and it never touches us. &gt;&gt; But I want to tell you when the flood comes you can get your feet wet. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You can get your feet wet, &gt;&gt; but the word doesn't abandon you. The word causes you to move to higher ground. The word causes you to go into a higher place. Amen. It doesn't allow your life to be destroyed because you see this word is coming to pass that it is here that it would come as a diverse temptation. Come as something that you struggle and say why you know why God's moving you to higher ground. Would it be safe for me to say, maybe this is just me, if you don't mind, I'll just put it out there, that every moment of spiritual growth has come after a moment of spiritual battle. We do not grow spiritually just because we got up in the morning and we felt like, bingo, I've got it. Spiritual growth comes right after you slug it out with the devil and you stand on the word and confess the word. And as you confess that word and you live that word, you hold on to that word for dear life. All of a sudden, you realize, you know what? Next time this comes into my life, I know how to deal with this. This is how the bride is overcoming, my brother and sister. Not God giving you a get out of jail free card. God is going to make you work for it. God is going to make you have a prayer life. He's going to make you have a a uh study the word life. Amen. He's going to make you come to the place that you have your priorities right. We're not going to just keep collecting get out of jail free cards. Young people and old, you need to realize God is not going to let you just fill your bookcase full of the message and say, "We've got the message. God sent a prophet. All is well, my brother and sister, as it is, he is telling us through the word, this very word that I revealed to you. And as it comes out, I'm jumping around a little bit. I'm I'm trying to skip a page in my mind, and it's hard, but it's there, my brother and sister. You see, the prophet said, "In this age, in this time, at the end of the age, amen, all the mystery of God will be revealed." We're not to move on as status quo, my brother and sister. Now, look at science. Look at at the good side of science. Amen. Every day, they're finding out new things. They're discovering little things about how, you know, our body uh processes things and how the cells work and what impact it is on us. And and my brother and sister, all of these things taking place, it is there. Some of this science is good. Some of this science is just a waste of science. But it's there that as God is working now, my brother and sister, I don't know about you guys, but uh we're certainly not the oldest people here, but you know, at this stage of my life and my health condition and different things like that, I suddenly woke up one day and says, "Man, I wished I'd have been taking my vitamins my whole life." Yeah, &gt;&gt; we did blood test on you, Paul. And that's lacking. I hope you catch the connection. That's lacking. That's lacking. That's lacking. Oh, finally at the end of the list. Oh, here's one thing that your body's good. The other 30 things are lacking here. Can anybody volunteer for a blood test this morning? Amen. That it would tell us what is lacking? Don't you actually wish that was the case? I could just sister, you know, you wouldn't want me with a needle in my hand. But anyway, but you know, we just Oh, this is lacking in your life. Here, take this bottle of faith. Take two a day. No, you're lacking. Take three a day. You know, I'm just going to be transparent. Sister Jerry's like, "I I got something for you to take." And I'm like, "Oh, what is this?" It's for people with ADD. Squirrel. Now, what were you talking about? And when I realized this going to help me not have squirrel moments, she's like, "No, you can't eat the whole bottle of them in one day. They actually are gummies and they taste good." You know, it's like if one gummy is good, two should be better. And I want to get over my squirrel moments like right now. I just But that isn't how it works, my brother and sister. We're not here as Christians to binge into the word. We're here to day by day realize without this in my life, I'll wake up one day lacking. I won't have this. Let me put it this way. I was just reading a little case of a young man that got in a lot of trouble with the law. I think he was about 35 years old. And it was when he got in trouble with the law that his own father realized his shortcomings and went and started to do his best to be a father. And the dad had expectation that after a few months of being a real father, it would unwind the years of neglect to the son. And ultimately one day he catches a revelation. I need to the rest of my life be a father. That's the only way I'll fix it. I can't give it in six months. But he also come to another conclusion that if I had been doing this the whole life, maybe this wouldn't be like it is. See, my brother and sister, you can't binge on the word of God and think you're going to undo all the days of neglect in your spiritual life. What you can do is start and take your spiritual vitamin every single day. And it will take time, but you will correct the deficiency. Amen. You don't go from not praying at all to a faithful, solid prayer life in one day. Amen. You'll find that every excuse that worked for 20 years will still be there trying to keep you today. But what you can do is press through that and say, "You know what? This is what I need to do." Amen. I think vitamins are a perfect example. And you know, maybe there might be some here this morning that that just automatically just faithfully take your vitamins, but most people I know need reminders to take their vitamins. Did I take my vitamins or did I not? Amen. So, what do they do? They build these little things there that have Monday through Sunday on them and you fill it full of vitamins. You know, some of you are smiling. You know what I'm talking about. Why? because you'll get where you at the end of the day can't remember whether you took your vitamins or not. And it's there that God says, "I want to meet you in the morning is when I want to meet you. I don't want to meet you when the day is over and everything has swamped your mind. I want to meet you in the morning." And then you don't have to worry about whether you met me or not. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because you've come. But you see, every day you don't take your vitamins. It takes two days worth of vitamins to cure the day you didn't take your vitamins. Could we apply that in our spiritual life? Now, Brother Brandon puts it this way. Study the message. I don't have a particular sermon that he put it in, but he talks about how the prescription won't do any good as long as it stays in the bottle. Right? So, you have to take the medicine. Amen. Because if it's still in the bottle, it's not doing you a bit of good. And I want to say this this very straightforward this morning. I hope this is not offensive. But if you're just sitting here saying, "I'm a message believer." Your medicine is still in the bottle. Amen. There's nothing to be proven by saying, "I'm a message believer." People, I believe a message for 40 years, 50 years, 60 years. My brother and sister, I want to know, have you taken it out of the Bible and applied it to your life? Because the devil has believed this is the truth from the very foundation, the very beginning. Amen. When before actually we recognize Satan had fallen, it was already something in him that he thought that he had a better idea than God did. He thought that I can present this better. I could do that. I could be more attractive. I'm more beautiful. And it was there, my brother and sister, that he never took the actual gospel of Jesus Christ before that. He never took that and applied it to himself. It was always applied to someone else. And he come and what he ended up was a case of spiritual amnesia. And it's there, my brother and sister, you'll find that we're living in a day that it's so easy to say, "I'll pray later. I'll read my Bible later. I'll do this later. I'll lift people up. I'll pray for others later. But that's just a case of amnesia. So let's get it out of the bottle. Amen. Let's take the medicine and then we'll find ourselves not lacking. But we have to get it out of the bottle. Now, brother Brown says in the message, India trip report. This is where my title comes from. in essence. Now, we know that it's nice to have churches. That's wonderful. We know it's nice to have denominations. That they're wonderful. It's nice to have seminaries. It's wonderful. But Christ never told us to build any seminary or anything like that. He said, "Preach the gospel." And the gospel isn't the word only. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Come on, man. This can be a dead letter to you. &gt;&gt; But through power and manifestation of the Holy Spirit. Now, this word manifestation is an action. It's a conversion taking place that it's coming off the page and actually being brought to life. And you and I, my brother and sister, are being brought to life. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're not the old dead people that we were when God first started dealing with us. We're being brought to life. He's bringing manifestation in us. Would produce the signs of Mark 16 when he said, "Go ye into all the world, preach the gospel to every creature. These signs shall follow them." Amen. Now, look at this. This next line, the word itself is dead. But he didn't put a period there until it becomes into action and produces life. You see, we can have all the Bible we want. &gt;&gt; We can have all the prayers we want, but if you never put it in action, it's actually dead to you. &gt;&gt; Reminds me of a story I read. It was a young man. It was talking about his the transformation of his own life. And he said he was just like everybody else that was in their Bible study group, their youth group at the church and they're there and the instructor is talking about how you need to do this and you need to do that and this is what it'll take to be a good Christian. And one of the young men in that group at the just seemingly right time says to the instructor, "Do you do this?" And the instructor had to admit, "No, I don't." This young man realized just having the class, just having the study guide, just having the Bible didn't produce what the Bible and the study guide said it would. &gt;&gt; It had to be put in action. This young man actually went on to become a pastor. But right there in that uh little group, he actually just presented an innocent, honest approach and says, "Okay, so none of us in this group are doing this. What's stopping us? Can't we do this?" And they started to be serious about what they read and what they talked about. And they started applying it. and they actually started to actually really truly pray, really study their Bible. And he says the transformation amongst these kids was young people was incredible. You know what, my brother and sister, I hope I don't certainly hope I don't offend anybody here, but my brother and sister, we live in a day right now that people are faithful in church. They're faithful in Bible study. They drink, they do drugs, they dance, they're they're promiscuous, they do all these things and say they're a Christian. I'm telling you that word has never manifested off the page and become real to them or they couldn't be that kind of a person. I hope that didn't offend any of you. You can't be smoking pot and say you really have a revelation of who Jesus Christ is. Amen. He told you not to put any evil thing into your body. Amen. He told you not to do a lot of things. But you see, as long as it stays on that page, it doesn't affect us. We say, "I'm a Christian." What is that, my brother and sister? That's no more than being 10 generations from the original homeland and say, "I'm Greek and I'm Italian and I'm French and I'm whatever." My brother and sister, not so. It's got to be real. It's got to be current. It's got to be alive. It's got to be something that you can reach out and tangibly take a hold of today. And if we're going to sit here today and say, "I'm a message believer." Then let's have the message in our hand. Let's have the message in our heart. Let's have it in our mouth. Let's be eating the message, breathing the message, living the message. Otherwise, we've just hung some kind of a title on oursel and said, "I'm this." If we're going to do that, I'm going to stand up today. I hope you don't mind me using such a silly example. I'm rich. &gt;&gt; Or maybe I could say, I'm needy. Give me your money. Or maybe you could stand and say like a craziness of this day. You know, I'm going to share something silly with you. I don't know why I'm doing this, but my son, my my granddaughter in her classes, there was a young girl started showing up to school with this little I don't even know what you call it, plastic thing that clips on your head. You girls use them. Hold your hair back. No. Well, the plastic, you know, ding ding, whatever. had ears on it and she was wearing a belt that had a tail. And she would tie these things on her tennis shoes that looked like paws. And she'd tell everybody at school, teachers, principles, everybody, I'm a wolf. Well, this went on for a few months. One day when that little girl came home from school, her daddy had been shopping and he had a little cooler there with a little lunch meat throwed in it, little cheese, some water, and he says, "Sweetheart, we're going to go for a drive." They drove up into the white tanks out behind Phoenix there. If you're familiar with that area, you'd know where I'm talking about. They found this spot right there and the dad starts unloading things and he says, "I know this doesn't fit perfectly, honey." But the dad sets up a tank, throws a a tent, throws a sleeping bag inside. It's got a cooler with a little lunch meat and puts it down there. And the little girl's like, "Dad, what's what's going on, honey? Wolves don't live in houses. Wolves don't have cell phones. They don't sleep on mattresses. Wolves live in the wild. They sleep on the ground and you're a wolf. She stood there a few minutes. She turned to her daddy and says, "Dad," he's like, "What, honey? I'm not a wolf anymore." Now, my brother and sister, you say, "Brother Paul, what are you trying to get at? I don't care what Satan's tried to convince you. You are. You are sons and daughters of God." Amen. We are not to live in a garbage dump. We're not to eat garbage. We're kings. We're children of the king. Let's live like we're children of the king. Amen. Not immersing ourselves in the in the garbage dump. my daughter, my granddaughter Aaliyah, she showed me a little mime and it's here it's a deal and and they're holding up two pictures and and uh uh one is just all this trash and banana peels that are turning brown and and just ugly and another one and they said one of these pictures is your room and the other one's a garbage dump and they're like which one's which and they said well this one's my room and they said they're both your room. &gt;&gt; What is it, my brother and sister? We sometimes think our world is tidier than maybe God looks at it and sees a lot of trash laying around. I'm not being too hard on you this morning, am I? &gt;&gt; You see, what God wants us to do, my brother and sister, is realize it's going to take more than just the word. &gt;&gt; You're not going to have a Bible. You can have so many Bibles, you can't store them all. Amen. You can have everything you need. You can have the message. You can have preaching. You can have beautiful gospel music. You can have all of that and be just as lost as lost is lost. &gt;&gt; Because it takes more than just the word. It takes the spirit. Amen. It takes the Holy Spirit coming down. Now, my brother and sister, and the gospel isn't word only, only through power and manifestation of the Holy Spirit, which would produce the signs of Mark 16 when he said, "Go ye into the world and preach the gospel to every creature." these signs shall follow them. And the word itself is dead until it becomes into action and produces life. And except a corn of wheat fall into the ground, it abides alone. And then when the word is brought into the heart of faith, an action taking place. Amen. Maybe you could lift a hand and say, "Lord, let my heart be a heart of faith." Amen. I I don't want it to just be an old stony heart. I don't want it to be just an intellectual heart. I want it to be a heart of faith. It makes every promise in the Bible live again. See, it it's got to live. It's germatized word. It It's a germatized word, and it must live if it's received in the right place, under the right condition. Every seed will live again. If it's put under the right condition. Now, my brother and sister, I'll tell you, for this word to live today, you and I are going to have to put it in the right condition. Amen. That's not an old filthy life. That's not just living on the borderland. It's not just a compromise. It is actually standing on the word of God with no compromise. &gt;&gt; Oh my. And people say, "But I can't live it." Yes, you can. You're listening to the devil. If you think you can't live it, you're listening to the devil. Amen. Shut the devil out. The word of God said you can live it. You can do this. Now, look, this is a germatized word. So that means the life has already been brought to life inside of that seed, &gt;&gt; but it needs the right condition. &gt;&gt; Needs the right location. It needs the right atmosphere. You see my brother and sister, I look at this. I love this message. Yeah. Sometimes it's hard on my flesh. I read things, hear things that I'm just cringe like, "Oh, Lord, help me." But you see, I have over the years collected box after box of books, message books. And when you thumb through those, I don't bring them here to the church and give them out because there's there's names, people's names written in there, uh people's ideas, notes, thoughts underlined, and and you just don't present that in such a way that that it influences others of what somebody has focused on. But my brother and sister, all these boxes of books have someone else's name inside the fly. They had the message. They had a revealed word for the hour, but they didn't have the spirit. And these people are not rude, horrible people. They're people that just said, "Paul, I can't live this, and I can't bring myself to throw this away. Would you like that? I had one individual give me literally boxes of material because he said, "I can't bring myself to throw it away, but I can't bring myself to live it either." &gt;&gt; You talk about being in a limbo. It's enough truth to them that they can't just disrespect it to throw it away, but it's not alive enough to actually want to live it. Acknowledge it. God is good. God's a savior. God's a healer. Why don't you prove it? &gt;&gt; Let your life prove it. Now, let me move forward. There's a beautiful quote, but time is so fleeting. Yeah, what's time? It is fleeting. In the first seal, exactly what it done. That's what Daniel said this Antichrist would do. He would fit the people's place. Yes, it'll fit their menu for this day for the churches. For in this church age, they don't want the word Christ, but they want church. The first thing they don't ask you if you're a Christian, what church you belong to. Now, we could segregate it. wouldn't it be really weird if we come today? And I said, "Hey, you know what? We want to just kind of have a couple boundaries around the place here. Um, why don't all the farmers come over here and and stand with me?" See, Sister Jerry doesn't even consider herself to be a farmer. She says, "I married a carpenter. I didn't marry a farmer. Oh, all of you that make a living doing this, come over here. You know what? We'd end up just maybe a few at most in a little group. And otherwise, all of us would almost be completely separated in our fellowship. Right, brother Adam? How many drywallers are there in the church? Two. Amen. Father, son. Oh, how how many of you work with stone? Pretty limited number. How many of you do this? Pretty limited number. How many of you are students? Probably the biggest group in the whole in the whole group here still trying to learn. But you see, I could come and step over here with the students and say, even at 63 years old, I'm still learning. So therefore, I identify as a student, but would the students really accept me as a student? Imagine now the church goes on to function with all these little groups. silly analogy, but I want you to understand that when we come and we're not identified in Jesus Christ, we're identified in I believe this part of the message. I believe this part of the message, I believe this part of the message, I'm Baptist, I'm Nazarene, I'm Methodist. You see what we're doing? We just separate the fellowship and there's no real joining together anywhere in this. This is what the prophet of God's talking about. Oh, what church you belong to? What church? They don't want Christ the word. You tell them about the word and how to straighten up and they don't want that. They want something and just live any old way they want to. I hope this doesn't apply to you guys. Amen. And still belong to church and obtain their testimony. See? See, he fits the menu just exactly. And remember, he's finally called she in the Bible. And she was a prostitute and had daughters. Just fits the bill of the day. What the people wants. There it is. God has promised it when the word is refused, when they are turned to their desires. Let's read Thessalonians again. He said, I want you to catch or watch here uh just a minute. Well, we read it a while ago. 2 Thessalonians 2:9-11. It said that they would turn down, reject the truth, they'd be given over to a reprobate mind and would believe a lie and would be damned by it. Now, that's what the Holy Spirit said. Now, isn't that the desire of the church today? You try to tell people that they have to do this, that, or the other, and they'll let you know right quick that they are Methodist, Presbyterian, or whatever, and they don't have to paddle in your boat. See what's happened? We've moved away, and we've segregated because it's not the Holy Spirit leading the church any longer. It's identity. Yeah, &gt;&gt; you guys are looking at me like, and the point is, man, those of you nodded your head at that, I'm offended. You realize, my brother and sister, this word, Amen, will not change you. You'll read it. You'll read it. You'll read it. It takes a moving of the Holy Spirit. It takes the Holy Spirit coming down in your life, in my life. It takes more than just the word. &gt;&gt; Cuz the word is sitting on the shelf of many a person today that will not go to church, will not pray, will not read their Bible, will not do every attribute of what a Christian does, but they've got the word but no spirit. Amen. What God wants you and I to do, he has given us the word. The word has come. It's here. What he wants you and I to do is get in the spirit. &gt;&gt; He wants us to come to the place that we want to be in his presence so much that above all else, we want to be in that because the spirit, my brother and sister, the spirit is what giveth life. Now, I want to just move forward real quick. Amen. Just real quick. People pack the same Bible as you, maybe go to the same church as you. They sing. They raise their hands. Amen. But you see, brother Brown says in the sermon, God has identified the same in all generations. Uh that we'll see what the word is by what has been made manifest. Now, I would say by and large overall, don't mean to be presumptuous, but we're here because we believe this is truth. We're here today with a belief. That belief should have action connected to it. If what you're living doesn't line up with the word, don't toss the word out. Change your life. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's all it takes. My brother and sister, I'll close. Sister Vika, would you just come? But I I want to put this, my brother and sister, to to you today. I felt led to preach this. This is where we're at. But you realize when it comes to navigation, you're in an airplane. You're over the Atlantic Ocean. Your navigation is off by a half a degree. Doesn't seem like much. If I put a pin right here and I go to the back of this building, a half a degree off, it's not even hardly going to be noticeable. But when you're talking about an airplane, true story here. Amen. Back in the days before GPS and all this, flying across the Atlantic Ocean and the navigator cloud cover, he got one glimpse and he took a reading with his sextant and and he did that, but his reading was off by approximately a half a degree. They had to land on the Azors to get fuel to continue their flight. Do you know what the Azors is? In all reality, it's this one little blip in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. Just a blip. And when they get to the point that all calculations say we should be at the Azors, there's nothing but water. That half a degree almost doomed them. But at that last minute, the pilot asked the navigator, "Go back on the chart. Look at it all again." And and the navigator says, "I think I see where it was, a half a degree calculated by a,000 miles. Azors is 80 miles that direction." And the pilot says, "This is do or die." And he turns the plane and he goes that direction, that heading. You know how they rejoiced when that little speck in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean appeared in front of them? And when they put the landing gear down and they landed on that thing, grown men who had just been through a war sat in their planes and wept with the realization how close they came to missing it. My brother and sister, today I want to encourage you. Go back. Make sure you're not that half a degree off. Make sure that your life is lined up perfectly on the word of God because what will happen is when this life is over and we are faced with eternity, you're either going to be able to land as it were on that island or you're going to land in the middle of an endless ocean of sorrow, grief, and despair. See what God's trying to do? He's bringing this word. Not that you have to tow this mark. You have to tow that mark. It's the word. It's the word he wants you to line up with. It's the word he's trying to point us and draw us to. Anything that's not the word is a compromise. Anything that's not leading you into eternal life is a compromise, a mistake. Amen. That's why the word itself is not enough. We need the Holy Spirit to come into our lives, lead us and guide us, give us direction, correct us. Who likes to be corrected? You know, I think believers can lift a hand. Real Christians lift a hand and say, "I like to be corrected." But most of humanity doesn't like to be corrected. But a real believer says, "Lord, change my course. Lead me. Guide me to all truth. Lord, lead me, Father, so that I can come to the place and I land in your presence. I come and hear those words, "Well done, my good and faithful servant." We'll sit there and we'll weep. We'll be there and say, "Thank you, Lord. My life was off course, but you brought me on course, and you've brought me to this place. I'm saved. My life is complete." Oh, my brother and sister. Amen. Forgive me for my wondering. Amen. And forgive me for bouncing around all in these thoughts, but here we are. The Lord wants us not to just settle. We have the message. He wants us to have him. We need his Holy Spirit. We need him in control of our life. Lord, thy will, not my will be done. Hallelujah. Oh my. Amen. Let's just stand. Brother Alex, if you'll come. 405 Marvelous Grace. [Music] Marvelous grace of our loving Lord. A grace that exceeds our sin and our gift on Calary is mou [Music] there where the blood of the lamb was spilled. Grace, [Music] grace. Just thank him for that grace this morning. &gt;&gt; Grace, &gt;&gt; oh grace that will pardon all and cleanse with him. Grace, grace. God grace. Think about it. A grace that is greater than all our sin. Sin and despair like the sea waves cold threaten the soul with infinite grace that is greater. Yes. Grace untold points to the reuge the mighty cross. Grace. Grace. God's grace. Grace that will pardon and cleanse within grace. Grace God's grace. Grace that is greater than all our sin. Dark is the stain that we cannot hide. What can a veil to wash it away? Look, there is flowing a crimson tide, whiter than snow you may be today. Grace. Grace. God's grace. Grace that will pardon and cleanse within. Grace. Grace. The grace. Grace that is greater than all our sin. Marvelous initate matchless grace freely bestow on all who believe. You that are longing to see his face, will you this moment his grace? Receive grace. Grace, God's grace. Grace that will pardon and cleanse within. Grace. Grace. God's grace that is greater than all our sin. [Music] Amen. There's uh the third verse that reminded me of the song. I would like to sing it now. Number 725. It's whiter than snow. Can we go to the key of E? Lord Jesus, I long to be perfectly whole. I want thee forever to live in my soul. Break down every idol. Cast out every fo. Now wash me and I shall be wider than snow. Wider than snow. Yes. Wider than snow. Now wash me and I shall be wider than snow. Lord Jesus, look down from thy throne in the sky and help me to make a complete sacriice. I give up myself and whatever I know now wash me and I shall be wider than snow. Oh, wider than snow. Yes, wider than snow. Now wash me and I shall be wider than snow. Lord Jesus, for this I most humbly entry I wait blessed Lord at thy crucified feet. By faith for my cleansing I see thy blood flow. Now wash me and I shall be wider than snow. Yes, wider than snow. Yes, wider than snow. Now wash me and I shall be wider than snow. For Jesus, thou seeest thy patiently wait. Come now and within me a new heart create to those who have sought thee. Thou never says no. Now wash me and I shall be wider than snow. Wider than snow. Yes, wider than snow. Now wash me and I shall be wider than snow. The blessing by faith I receive from above. Oh glory my soul is made perfect in love. My prayer has prevailed. And this moment I know the blood is applied. I am wider than snow. Wider than snow. Yes. Wider than snow. Now wash me and I shall be wider than snow. Yes, wider than snow. Wider than snow. Now wash me and I shall be wider than snow. Amen. We'll sing one more song as we dismiss um number 119 key of G. Start with the chorus or the second verse. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. All things are passed away. I've been born again. More than a coner. That's what I am. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. Hallelu He redeemed me. Oh, I been born again to win. [Music] I thank God he justified me. and of his fullness have we all received of him. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. All things are passed away. I've been born again. More than a coner. That's what I am. Oh, I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. I'm a new creation. Oh, I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. All things are passed away. I've been born again. More than a conqueror. That's what I am. I am a new creation. I'm a brand new man. Amen. God bless you. You're all dismissed. Lord available. See you Wednesday. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
