################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-11 - June 11, 2025 - Bro David Dienhart - David Dienhart.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-11
Title:    June 11, 2025 - Bro David Dienhart
Speaker:  David Dienhart
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 2m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9WDsZnmyb6g
========================================

Description:
Bro David Dienhart
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
blessed friends. Good evening. Um, let's start with number 455. I came here feel a little sluggish this whole week. Just been so tired. Brother Trevor's yawning. So, uh, Maybe we'll just sing it together. Energize a little bit. I'm looking for a city, the one not made by hands. I'm looking over Jordan and I see the promised land. The waters will be parted and I'll be on my way. As we're crossing over Jordan, I can say that now I have that everlasting joy within. Since he came and took away my sin, the moment that he blessed me, he made me fully whole with that everlasting joy within my soul. And I'm drinking from the fountain that flowth from on high. A well of blessed waters that never shall run dry. I'm feasting on God's mana. I'm praying day by day. And that everlasting joy is here to stay. Oh, now I have that everlasting joy within. Since he came and took away my sin, the moment that he blessed me, he made me fully whole with that everlasting joy within my soul. And I've heard the prophet's message. I've placed it in my heart. I've got the revelation that never shall depart. The rapture is upon us. The stage is set to go. And we have this precious promise we all know. And now I have that everlasting joy within. Since he came and took away my sins, the moment that he blessed me, he made me fully whole with that everlasting joy within my soul. One more time. And now I have that everlasting joy within. Since he came and took away my sin. The moment that he blessed me, he made me fully whole with that everlasting joy within my soul. And I was there when Jesus saved me. The very moment he forgave me, he took away my heavy burden and he gave me peace within. Satan tries to make me doubt it, but I'm going to shout it. I was there when it happened. And I guess I ought to know one more time. Oh, I was there when Jesus saved me. The very moment he forgave me, he took away my heavy burden and he gave me peace within. Satan tries to make me doubt it, but I'm going to shout it. I was there when it happened. And I guess I ought to know one last time. Oh, I was there when Jesus saved me. The very moment he forgave me, he took away my heavy burden and he gave me peace within. Satan tries to make me doubt it, but I'm going to shout it. I was there when it happened. And I guess I ought to know. Amen. Praise the Lord. Why don't we go to number 220? We'll sing Thing About His Love. Think about his love. [Music] Think about his goodness. [Music] Think about his grace that's brought us through. [Music] For as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our Father's love. [Music] Great is the measure of our Father's love. Oh, think about his love [Music] and think about his goodness. Think about his grace that's brought us through. [Music] For as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our Father's love. So great is the measure of our father's love. [Music] Amen. number 816, please. As we get ready for for the prayer, start with the chorus. [Music] The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. And it gets easier to understand this road I'm traveling down. No more winging or wondering. I'm standing on solid ground. And I know I'm headed to my future home. And the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. [Music] The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. The problems I had yesterday are now stepping stones to a higher place. The trials that seem so awesome to me are now my bers of victory. And I know I'm headed to my future home. And the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. [Music] And the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. One more time as we stand. Oh, the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control. [Music] The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I live, Lord, I love you more. Amen. Praise the Lord. We're going to go to prayer. I'll ask if Brother Ivan could lead us in a word of prayer. Let's remember brother Isaac Nash for healing. Uh brother Pashan, Sister Aancha, and their baby Isaac. Remember them in prayer. Brother Adrian and family. and uh brother DA and sister Vicki and Calville and sister Toma traveling as well as sister Alice and uh um we'll remember sister Dorcas and also the sisters Megan and and Aspen. Amen. That's what we have. Remember them all in prayer. Pray for the service. [Music] God bless you saints. Let's just take these things to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just come before you, Lord. Tired, Father, but Father, we're expecting to hear from you, Lord. Yes, Father. And just we desire, Lord, that you just speak to each one, Lord, individually, Father. And Father, we all have needs, Lord, and we're a needy people, Lord. And father, but you have an answer for each one, Father. And Father, and that is our desire just to hear from you, Lord. Father, and all these needs that were read here, Lord, just touch each one, Lord. The different ones, the ones that are traveling, the ones that aren't here. Um, Father, the for whatever the reason would be, Lord. Father, you know, you know we situation. Father, we just ask Lord that you just go to each one, Father, and just be their portion, Lord. And Father, and the ones that are streaming, Lord, just be with those and Father. And just thinking of Brother Sergey and brother Vasilei out on the road. Yes. Father, just keep your hand protect them, Lord. Yes, Father. And if I forgot anyone, Lord. Lord, you know each need before it was ever read here. We just give each situ each situation, each need, Father, and into your hands, Lord, for your perfect will to be done in each one, Lord. Father, and our desire, Lord, is just more of you, Lord. And Father, we just ask that you just use Brother David tonight, Father, and just speak to us, Lord. Give us strength, Lord. and Father and for the tithes and the offerings Lord we just ask Lord that you just bless that it would be used for the furnace of your kingdom Father and and with the camp coming up Lord Father just different things preparing Lord just ask Lord that you just oversee everything and that everything would be done Lord according to your will father we just give this evening into your hands and ask all these things in your precious name our Lord Jesus Christ amen You may be seated. Sing that song number um 541. [Music] When Jacob met the Lord upon that lonely night and wrestled there alone until the morning light, he won a princely title to guard him for the right. I want that kind of blessing. Yes, I want I want that kind of blessing that saves and keeps and satisfies the soul. I want I want that false salvation till billows of heaven or mirror. When Israel at last came into Canaan's land, the Lord his riches gave so full on every hand. They drove their foes before them and dwell the happy band. I want that kind of blessing. Oh, I want I want that kind of blessing that saves and keeps and satisfies the soul. I want I want that false salvation till below of heaven or may roll. This is the day of grace. The comforter is here. We are the chosen race. Our God is drawing near. He's waiting to be gracious, the prayer of faith to hear, and then he'll send the blessing. Yes, I want I want that kind of blessing that saves and keeps and satisfies the soul. I want I want that full salvation till below of heaven or me roll. One more time. Oh, I want I want that kind of blessing that saves and keeps and satisfies my soul. I want I want that for salvation till of heaven or mirror roll. Amen. As we invite brother David, let's sing number 313. Jesus draw me close. Jesus, draw me close, closer, Lord, to you. Let the world around me fade away. [Music] Oh Jesus, draw me close, closer, Lord, to you. For I desire to worship and obey. [Music] Jesus, draw me close, [Music] closeer, Lord, to you. Let the world around me fade away. [Music] Jesus, draw me close, [Music] closer, Lord, to you, for I desire to worship and obey. As we stand together, let's sing one more time. Oh Jesus, draw me close, closeer, Lord, to you. And let the world around me fade away. Jesus draw me close closer Lord to you for I [Music] hallelujah. I only heard one amen on that. Hallelujah. Do you love him? Are we happy to be here? Let me give you something that brother Brandham said. Do you mind? I've got a lot of things he said I want to share with you. He said, "We don't come together here in the church. We don't come together to talk about the message. We come together to get in the message. [Music] What is the message? Christ. [Music] We don't come together to talk about it. We come together to get in Christ. To get in the message. [Music] It's good to talk about it, but talking about it won't do it. You got to have the life of this in you. That's the key. Amen. Aren't you glad that the key is on his shoulders? Amen. Amen. I've got a lot of things here. I It's striking to me how God changes it so quickly. What direction I thought I was going, he just turns it right around. So God's always right. God's always perfect. I believe that with all my heart. Amen. We're never just set in our ways. He's sovereign. He does what he wants to do when he wants to do it. And I'm so glad he can get us in his grip and comes in us. And we're subject to him. It's beautiful, brother, sister. His ways are perfect. Your way is not perfect. It's not about you. It's about him. Amen. Amen. And I just say as my brother prayed, brother Ivan, he said or he mentioned, he said, "We want more of God." Do we want more of God? Do you know that you have that desire? There's more of God for you. Praise the Lord. Amen. You couldn't have that desire. Deep calling the deep. There's got to be a deep to respond or you wouldn't be calling. That's truth. Amen. Amen. Let's have a word of prayer. Our heavenly father, in the name of Jesus, we come reverently and humbly before you and that almighty allsufficient name. That name's not a history to us. That name is here now. That name is in your people, Lord. That name is your bride. That name is yourself. So thankful that we can share this Lord together as members of one body under one head. Our blessed redeemer and the one that not only purchased us but came forth in this hour to claim us. Lord he claimed what he's purchased. And there's a bride truly raising up coming into a maturity and that maturity is of yourself. She's this word is growing in the bride. The revelation of Jesus Christ is growing in the bride to a full stature. And we thank you for that stature, Lord, that we can worship in. It's coming very close now, Lord. Very close. And we know that that third pull, which is only for the bride. She's the only one that could go into that little room and come out sealed. We're so thankful for that sealing, Lord. Nothing can separate us. Nothing can come in there to take us. Satan can't receive it. You've hid the things, Lord, till the very end. And Satan has watched constantly what you might do and then tried to jump it ahead and pervert it. But this he can't pervert. He doesn't know this, Lord. It's your very mind opened. And it's open to a particular chosen race of people, a chosen group. Not race being another culture, but your race, Lord. We're here not as another creation. We were created in you. And Lord, when you came to this earth, we came here and created in you to good works which we have been before ordained that we should walk in them. So not our works, you're works. It's not works that saves us, Lord. There's one salvation and that's you. It's not Jesus plus works. It's Jesus alone. Then Lord, being in you, you've ordained us being a particular member of your body, a member in particular, different set aside individual. Lord, we can walk with you, speak with you and ordained of you, each position to take his place in this great symphony, in this great body. And Lord, we just give you praise for that. In the name of Jesus Christ, we look forward now to your blessing on your word that you would impart it as it's going forth. You send your you send life through your word, Lord. Life always comes through your word. And Lord, we're so thankful that we by your word are partakers of yourself. When you opened up yourself in this day, we see and come to the realization, Lord, of who we are. We're growing in that, Father, to a body change. and we're thankful for this and give you praise now in Jesus' name. Lord, I give myself to you. You've turned this around. I'm expecting you to speak knowing you will speak because that's your promise. And Lord, I just we just commit ourselves. We release ourselves to you right now. We release our minds. We release ourselves entirely to your possession, to your will to do what you want to do and speaking your word to us in Jesus Christ's name. We pray for revelation because when it's revealed to us, it's a perfect faith and it's ours. It's not imagination. It's a it's a substance and it's a knowing. And we rejoice in this faith, this revelation that you're opening to us through your word, through what you promised you would do in this hour. And we're glad to be a a peculiar people. We're glad to be a special people. We give you thanks in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'd like you to turn with me to Philippians chapter 2. My title tonight is the right mental attitude. And I just I'm just amazed how God compacts so much and so little. But it's every word is so compacted that it's just amazing how it just opens up. But right mental attitude and an attitude and when I speak of mental attitude I'm speaking of the right mental position because an attitude is a position and attitude is a great thing. Your attitude toward the word. Brother Brandham even said you people out here sitting hearing the word your attitude toward it could determine eternal life to you. And so attitude's a powerful powerful thing and uh our attitude we take brings results. Did you realize our attitude sets an atmosphere and so we want to be the attitude is our position toward the word. So we have a right mental attitude toward the word. The prophet said and don't forget this quotation that a right mental attitude toward any divine promise in this Bible will bring it to pass. Amen. He said, "Just remember the right mental attitude or mental position toward any divine promise that's written in this Bible will bring it to pass." So now, just keep that in your mind. If God made a promise and you'll take the right position or attitude toward that promise, God will fulfill everything that he promised. I know he said that is true. Hallelujah. Amen. All right. So if Philippians 2:5 said this, let this mind be in you. Hallelujah. He said let it means release it. It's time. Let it go. Allow me to put it in you. Allow me to give it. Allow me to make it manifest. Let this mind that was be in you where? Which was also now this is powerful. Which was also this is amazing to me. this just I can't I cannot even contain what's inside of my soul but this you realize well I won't say that quite yet let this mind let I just love that word let we let so many things but let we either let or don't let you realize that we either let in or let out amen we we are given authority amen over our being over our flesh man we are given authority over our spirit man. Who's given authority? The word's given authority. You see, the contest is between God, the word that's in your soul, and Satan. It's exactly what he said. The conflict is between God and Satan. He even preached a message called the conflict. The conflict is between God and Satan. But who is God in you? It's you, bride. Brother Brham said the real you is the spirit of God that's in you. Things that are to be. He said the the real you is the spirit of God that's in you. Where is it in you? In the inside of the inside. When God became flesh and dwelt among us in the fullness of the godhead bodily I was in him. Ephesians 2:10 which we had this last Wednesday. We we ministered here said you were created in Christ Jesus unto good works. But you were created in Christ Jesus. That is your that is your source. You tell me where he came from, I'll tell you where you came from. He tell me who he is and I'll tell you who you are. And I'll tell you where where he went, I'll tell you where you're going. Amen. Because you were created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which he, not you. He hath before ordained that you should walk in them. So let him have his way and bring forth what he desires through you as a member of his body in particular. Amen. And don't try to make it happen. You let him do it. How you going to do that? Release it. Release yourself to him. We're going to cover a lot of little area here in a short time. So I better keep going. So let this mind be in you which was also in same mind. same mind which was also in Christ Jesus. Now, if you think and consider his mind and what he had, do you realize that he didn't fully completely see the fullness of what he was until after he had passed and went on? Do you realize that? You say, "How do you know that?" Revelations 1:1 said that he received the full revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave to him. Yeah. Amen. So he was a man on earth. Do you realize he was a man on earth? Walked on earth. Amen. Had followed the word. He said he learned obedience by the things he suffered. He was subject to the word and subject to God himself. Amen. Do you believe that? He he absolutely Amen. He didn't come born like we are. We're born in sin shaped iniquity. He come virgin born. But he had to receive the Holy Spirit. And when he received the Holy Spirit, he was led. And another place said driven out into the wilderness to be tempted and tried of the devil. And he conquered every bit of the devil for us. And so we created in him are more than conquerors. Amen. Amen. Now being created in him, the only way you can tell that you're created in him is that you've received the true baptism of the Holy Spirit, which places you in the body, which identifies you to be in him before the world began. You are that germ of life to be manifested and ministered to minister through in this hour in this day for this season. That's why the true identity is a revelation of the word for the season in you. The true identity of being a being a true seed of God and filled with the Holy Ghost is the true revelation of the word for this season in you lived out of you. Something you cannot do. It's done through you. You don't make to pump it up. You don't have to make it happen. God will work it. Why? Because you have the same mind. Amen. Amen. So let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus who made was being in the form of God. Iorphy that's immorphy who being in the form of God thought it not robbery to be equal. Now let this mind be in you who being in the form of God. We don't think it's robbery to be equal with God. Amen. Hello. Can somebody say amen? We've got some scriptures here. You are equal with God. It's not robbery to be found equal with God because you came from his source. You came from the eternal. You were in the thought of the eternal. You were his thinking. Amen. He knew everything. But I'll tell you what his thoughts were was about you. Amen. Amen. And you existed in those thoughts. You were existing in him. You were you were substance in him. Amen. So he said he made himself of no reputation. The bride cares nothing about reputation. What she wants to know is him. She knows him. Not knows about him. We are to know him. To know him is different than knowing about him. Everybody knows about him. But there's very few that know him. Amen. Amen. All right. So he made himself of no reputation. took upon him the form of a servant. Brother, sister, I want you to know right now. You are sons of God. You're not a servant. You are sons to serve others. Did you know that? Now, the ministry, God made us a servant to serve you. But we are sons of God. Amen. We are not servants to God. The Bible never said we were servants. We act, we deal as we serve others. as a servant would. Amen. But you're not a servant. You're a son. The Bible said, "Now what f love the father has bestowed upon us that we should be called servants." No, we are called sons. A serv a son is above a servant. Amen. Amen. And so having this mind, let this mind be in you who being in the form of God think it not robbery to be equal with God. Amen. Now talk about a right mental attitude. Now watch as we go ahead here. Now so in faith is works expressed. He said he said this. Now I'm going to read some other scriptures here. Hold on. 1 Corinthians 2. I'm in a hurry and I don't want to be in a hurry too fast here. 1 Corinthians chapter 2 and verse 15. Now, we could read Corinthians 2 is very, very powerful chapter. 1 Corinthians 2. I love that chapter. It really identifies and places the bride where she's at. He said this verse 15, but he Let's back up to verse 14. But the natural man receiveth not the things of the spirit of God, for they are foolishness unto him, neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned. You can't have the discernment of these things unless you're born of the spirit of God. Amen. The true baptism of the Holy Spirit is being birthed into the body. And there in order to be truly born of God, there had to be a seed of God in you to be quickened. The prophet said, "You did not become seed by the rebirth. You were seed and therefore can be reborn." Amen. And you weren't just pl placed here. You were planted here. Amen. Not just scattered here. You were planted here to a specific purpose, a specific uh position in the body to to manifest the word for the season because you are the word for the season. Amen. Now, but he that is spiritual. Verse 15, but he that is spiritual. Is there anybody here that's spiritual? Satan wants to beat that all the time because there he because he's trying to get you to look at your outer man. He's not talking about the outer man here. He's talking about the birth word. He that is spiritual. What's spiritual? The word is spiritual. The word unveiled in you is spiritual. The new birth, Jesus Christ, the new birth revealed in you is that spiritual man. Amen. So he that is spiritual, what makes you spiritual is having the mind of God. All right? So, but he that is spiritual judgeth all things. Yet he himself is judged of what? God. No, he himself is judged of no man. Amen. All right. For who hath known the mind of the Lord? that there that mind is who hath known the spirit of the Lord. Who hath known the mind of the Lord that he may instruct him. Okay? But we have the mind of Christ. So all that God was, he poured into Christ. And all that Christ was, he's poured into. And all that he was is poured into. All that he was is poured into his bride. So what are we now? What are we? We are the expression of himself. We are himself in another form. It's not another person. It's just the person in another form. This is another act. This act is Christ himself, the bride coming of Christ. Amen. You may be seated. I'm sorry. I could preach here with you standing because I'm standing. Thank you. He said in St. John, let's go to St. John 5:30. But we have the mind of Christ. St. John 5. I didn't have time to even mark these out. So if I'm turning while you're turning, that's good. St. John 5:30. I can of myself do nothing. Let's just stop here and go to verse 17 first. Said Jesus answered them, my father worketh hitherto and I work. He couldn't work until God worked. I wonder who has that mind. Amen. My father were Jesus said my father worketh hither to. That means at this moment whatever that moment was at that moment my father worketh hitherto and I work. All right. St. John 14:12 said he that believeth in me the works that I do. So what he didn't say the works I did I did. He said the works I do. That's present tense. So he had to be in you to do those works. So he's ordained you to certain works. Then let him do it. He said he would do it. Is that right? All right. Then then it's not for us to produce works. It's him producing the works in us. But how's that going to happen when you let go and let him have his way? And remember they asked him, "What can we do to do the works of God?" And he said, "To do the works of God is to believe on him whom God has sent." Then we know that God sent his word in this hour. If we believe on him whom God has sent, we will do the works of God. Amen. Because you cannot believe on him whom God has sent unless the one that sent him is in you. Amen. All right. We're going to go on these more of these scriptures. That's so in St. John 5:30 he said I can do nothing of I of my own self can do nothing as I hear I judge that word here is not ears here it's here as I hear receive amen who can receive the word for the hour only one only one individual body that's the bride she's the only one that can receive and hear the word for the season because she was in his thoughts before the foundation of the world to be in this season. Amen. Amen. So, so others can't receive it because they weren't in in in his thoughts. I'm not talking about salvation. I'm talking about I'm talking about bride material. Amen. All right. because there going to be others saved that won't be in the rapture, but they will come up at the white throne judgment and they are called the righteous in the Bible and they by their works will be judged in the if they're found in the book of life, they will be given life. But the bride's not standing before him there. She has a she has I'll just say this right now. We know that she has a throne to stand before, but that isn't for judgment whether and whether cast out or not cast out. That's for reward because you give an account for what you've done in this life. Amen. That doesn't pertain to salvation. You're not going to stand there and not have salvation. Amen. But you may not get the reward. You can be Paul said, "I I could if I don't run if I don't so run correctly and bring my body under obedience to this word." He said, "I could be a cast away." That's not cast away, cast out and cast away from God. That's just lose his reward. He didn't run like he should have run to receive it. Hello. All right. Now, that's that's deep. And we could go back and we could pick that up where the prophet said that. All right. Now, so he said, "I can my own self do nothing. As I hear, I judge and my judgment is just because I seek not my own will." Now, we're talking about having this same mind. So, what are we going to say about this bride which is himself? We're going to say about the bride that the bride doesn't have her own mind. She's seeking the will of God. She is absolutely she she said and she can only judge as she hears. How's she judging? She's judging herself by what she hears. By hearing the word and receiving the word, what's she doing? The Bible said, "Judge yourself." Amen. They're not talking about going out and judge everybody else. You just judge yourself by the word. Amen. Judge it. Judge everything you do according to the word. All right. Now he said, "So because I seek not my own will, but the will of the father which has sent me having this mind, who sent you? Who brought you here? Who set you in this neighborhood? Who set you in this valley? Who set us in this? Why are you sitting here tonight? Because he brought you here. If you just come to be seen, if you just come to do works, well then you probably need to have a change. But you've come because you love the word because you want more of God. Because it's not just a duty. We can come to be many, many, many people in this message just come to church as a duty and never have eternal life. Amen. But we come because we love the word. We want the word. We want to hear the word. It's in us to be here. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's exactly right. So he said, "Because I seek not my own will." So if that was his mind, that was his nature. What about us? We're not out here to seek our own will either. Now brother, sister, I'm talking about we're growing up. We're talking about maturity. We're coming to a maturity here. We realize what we are, who we are, and been and that we have been positionally and are positionally placed in Christ. That's our position. See, that speaks so contrary to the human understanding that it looks ridiculous and it is ridiculous to the carnal believer because you're going to say, "Who do you think you are?" Well, don't I don't who I think I am. It's what I know I am. Amen. Amen. We're not boasting of this. We just simply live the word. We don't go out and start boasting. Look who I am. Look who I am. No. No. He never made himself of reputation. He simply gave himself over to the word and God worked through him and he worked. That's right. Amen. Because the Bible says very clearly in Philippians 2:13 that it's God which workketh in you. Amen. Is that right? Philippians 2:13 said, "For it is God which workketh in you, both to will and to do of his good pleasure. Therefore, quit your murmuring." Next verse, verse for 14, and then verse 16 says, "Holding forth the word of life." Amen. A right mental attitude. Holding forth the word of life that I've not run in vain nor labored in vain. holding it forth. What's going what's before you? What are you seeking? I just said here Jesus said, "I seek not my own will but the will of the father which has sent me." What are you seeking? There's See, the word is absolutely flawless. The will of the father was his word. And the word is flawless. It's it's beyond our term of perfect. It's actually beyond our term of flawless. But it's flawless. There's no flaw in it. There's not a spot in it. It's perfect because it's eternal. And there's only one form of eternal, and that's God. Amen. So, if you have his mind and be equal with God, you're equal with the eternal because the the prophet said and the Bible said we are his eternal possession. We didn't know that was hidden in the word until the seals opened. Amen. We didn't know that we were the ones that he spoke to. We didn't realize that that Christ being in us and Christ being the the Bible being the complete revelation of Christ. Now we come to oursel and realize the complete the the the the total having him in us makes us the complete revelation of the whole thing. Talk about a mystery unveiled. See, Satan would have liked to got a hold of that thought, but God kept that thought hid. Yet it was in his word, but he kept it hid. Yes. When when when God told Abra Adam to uh to to um to to uh to bring forth to bring forth children. I just have I can't think of the word I want to use. You know what I'm referring to in Genesis 1? Replenish the earth. Yes. Okay. Then Satan got a hold of that. Yeah. Here come one that came out of him, a byproduct, and said, 'Well, I'll just Satan's brother said he's always trying to jump ahead and pervert it if he can pervert what God has in his mind to do. And he heard that and he said, "Well, I I'll just I'll just get her to bear bear children. I'll get there first before Adam does." But Adam's command was stand behind the word. Stay behind that. don't partake of that tree of knowledge of good and evil. But she lusted to know what God meant. And so Satan reasoned with her and she broke through the wall of that word. As long as you stay behind your fortress that God has placed you under and behind, which is an eternal word. Why'd he put you there? Because his word's eternal. You stay behind there. It takes a right mental attitude to stay behind there. When you stay behind there and quit your reasoning with your feelings, reasoning with your ideas, reasoning with what other people say, and don't do that and just take the word and believe it and go on. Don't add to it. Don't add take away from it. Don't converse with the enemy. The Bible said it. You say it's written. And that's all you need to do. Stand behind that. And there's absolutely no way for Satan to punch through that word. Amen. He can't do it. Amen. And we're going to come to that in just a few minutes here. All right. Now, so so but so when this word, when this mind is directed from the inside, when when it's directed, the attitude is directed from the inside, the soul that comes from God is the thought of God. It throws all the rest of it together. That's the guidepost. That's the control tower. the inside of the inside. Now watch the soul and we're speaking to bride here. We're talking we're talking to because she's the word on the inside opened. She is the opened word. Amen. She is what God had in his mind and put in a word and expressed it. That's the mystery. That's the secret that's in the bride. Only in the bride is the word is in the bride. Amen. All right. So, so, so that's the control tower. The inside of the inside, the soul controls the spirit. That's the little spirit. That's your middleman. That's your mind. That's where the battleground is. That's where the battle takes place. Satan chose the mind. God chose the heart. And I just said where the control room is for the bride is the soul. It's that third realm. It's that inside the inside. That's who you are. That's that's what God recognizes. That's you're identified to be that. Amen. Amen. All right. So being that right there, that's the control tower. The inside, the soul controls the spirit and the spirit controls the body. So if the bo if the spirit is brought under the obedience of the word, what's the body going to do? The body can't do anything but manifest the word. Because he Romans 8:11 said, "If the spirit of God dwells in you, he that quick if if the spirit Romans 8:11, that's what just a minute. I just went into a blank right there. I know that by heart. If the spirit that raised Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ shall also Where where's Christ raised up?" in you. It's a resurrection in you. The sun is up. Where' the sun rise? Where's the sun rising? The sun, Brother Bram said, now he said it's rising. He said it's up. Where is it? It's in bride form. Amen. Amen. Where is the sun rising? What's the promise? What's the promise of the hour? It's because what is the promise? You're that open book. Now, I'm coming into another message and I have to back off, but that's what it is. All right. But so so the so that spirit that controls if the if that spirit's in you raised up Christ shall also do what? Bring your body by that same spirit bring your body under obedience to his word. Not only will it change it, not only will it it raise it up if it goes to the grave, but he said he'll also right now right at at the this day this time he's going to bring it subject to the word. That's his promise. Amen. And you can depend on that. Do you believe it? Amen. Then give it a right mental attitude. Amen. Amen. Is that right? Then then he said that he promised that. Then you just need to let go and let him do it. If you believe it, then take him at his word and quit complaining about anything and start praising him for what he said he's doing. Whether you feel it or don't feel it, your feelings, your reasoning, and your senses out here do not declare. You do not meet God through these senses. You meet God through his faith. And faith takes its resting place in the word of God. All right. So, so he said here, now let's let's go let's go to another scripture. St. John 6:50. No, not 6 7:29. I'll bypass for time on that one. 7:29. St. John 7:29. But I know him. Jesus speaking. But I know him for I ca I am from him and he has sent me. Now is that word the same today? Where is he today? Where's Jesus today? Jesus speaking. Where is he speaking today? Where is this final voice? Where is his voice? Is that right? Then what is the bride going to say? But I know him. But I know him. For I ca I am from him. The prophet said, "This little bride came from the same source." Amen. She She came from the same source and is one with him. And he that sent her goes in her. Amen. He that sent you goes in you. He that sent Jesus went in him. He that sent you goes in you. Having the same mind, let the mind that was in Christ Jesus. Yes. Who being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God. You came from the same source. You see, we're You see, Brother David, you're getting pretty bold on declaring who you are. Why? We know your failures. We know your mistakes. And I'm going to tell you, you're going to make mistakes in this old man out here. Clear up until the time you have a change. Because you have a carnal, sticky nature that's against the word. Yeah, you have a carnal, sticky nature that's going to bother you until you release this old this old man out here, which is released. The Bible said it's released. So, how are we walking? We're living and walking by faith in what he said. Reckon yourself dead indeed unto sin and alive in Christ. And bring your body subject to that word and and and bring your you rule over your body. You're sent forth the king. You rule over your members. Amen. That's your place. God's expecting you to do that. I've given you my word. I've come in you. I have given you the authority. Now you speak. You go forward. You announce. You say it. You live it. You take my word. And you say it's written. And quit your belly aching and complaining because the devil's trying to beat you down. Why don't you just take the word and come back with it? It is written. And stand right there. He can't do anything about it as long as you're positionally placed behind the word. Hallelujah. Amen. All right. Now, now, now, Satan, you're not going to do that. That catch in my back. I rebuke that thing. You know what I'm going to say to him? It's written. I'm healed by the stripes of the Lord Jesus. I don't have what you're telling me I have. I don't have it because I'm healed by it. Amen. So God is my strength. Oh may a I mean amen. Oh me. Oh my. Amen. Amen. I'm not trying to speak in tongues. That's just all right. All right. First Corinthians. I already read that. Okay. Where am I here now? All right. Now, okay. Colossians. Let's go one. Okay. 7:29. That's what I read. Okay. He has sent me. Okay. And then see we've come from the same source. The prophet said we've come we came from the same source eternal with him. We were his thoughts and those thoughts are eternal. And he said if you can see that those thoughts are eternal. He said you'll see a lot of mighty things. Amen. Because you realize where you come from and who sent you and where you're standing today. Right. You say, "I just don't know what you're talking about. I can't figure it out." You need to quit trying to figure out anything. You can't figure it out. In fact, I can't even explain to you what I'm talking about. Because you know what? Well, you say, "Oh my, nobody understands me." I'll just hit the quote before I read it. Nobody understands me. Right. That's correct. Truth. Nobody understands you, Brother David. Right. You're right. Exactly right. In fact, I don't understand myself. Right. Who can fathom the mind of God? And yet I have his mind. Amen. Amen. Is that right? That's right. But what what do I have? I have his spirit in me. And he'll reveal to me what I need to know when I need to know it. Amen. And I'll work. Yeah. You can't explain who you are. You can't explain how You can't explain how these things happen. You can't do it. If you think you can, it's not faith. I guarantee you, you don't have faith. You're trying to gain knowledge, right? God never gave you knowledge to serve him. He gave you faith to serve him. There is a knowledge of God. Don't get me wrong. But I'm talking about what what brother Brandham said, wisdom versus faith. Amen. Are you right? What what the what what everyone needs and must have and the bride will have is a new birth. Yeah. She's got the seed there to be quickened. Yeah, the seed is laying in her. And when that seed's quickened, it's a revelation and continues to be a revelation. He leads us into all truth. And when you see that, you've been identified to be in him. Amen. There's one identification that the only difference between Cain and Abel is that Abel had revelation of the will of God. Right? Cain didn't. Brother Bam said that was the difference. Amen. Because you don't you don't work yourself up to revelation. Revelation comes by hearing the word. Amen. Faith comes by hearing the word. All right, I'm getting off on another area here. So, let's keep going. It's the same area, but I've just got to stay here. Let's go to 2021. John 20:21. And it says basically the same right thing. And I could bypass it, but I'll read it. 2021 said, "Then Jesus said to them again, peace be unto you." Yeah. Because I want to take another scripture speaking of peace. Peace be unto you. Isn't that lovely? What about you and I? Peace be unto you. Well, I don't feel like I have peace. Quit your wondering of and reasoning with your feelings. That's exactly what the devil's doing to you. What did the word say about your feelings? What did the word say about that peace? You see right where it is, don't you? So, what do you come back with? I rebuke you, Satan. and I rebuke you. Don't tantalize that rattlesnake. He'll strike and bite you. All you do is just stand behind the word. It is written, "This is my fortress. This is the answer." And I'm going forth giving God the glory and praise that he's already given me the promise and he'll and he'll manifest that promise because I'm standing on the promise. Amen. Well, when when will you do it? That's none of your business. But he'll do it on a perfect time, at a perfect place, and a perfect season. All you need to do is follow. Yes. He said, "My father worketh hitherto, then I work." Jesus could do nothing until the father showed him. Do you realize that? And he said, "This same harmony will exist between him and his bride. He she and you and I can do nothing until God shows us." Amen. Oh, you said, "Well, I don't have to wait on God. I just go out and do No, that's not what the Bible said. You don't have to go out and seek works. Let him manifest the works. Amen. All right. Now, so just so we get the right. Okay. Now, so the Jesus now he said, "Has my father sent me even so send I you." All right. So So he that sent you goes in you. So you you answer this question. He sent you. How made say yes he sent me then where is he then what there's where is there fear to that the love of God's been expressed to you you have that perfect love not a fe we're not talking about felioh human love we're talking about a higher love we're talking about a love that takes the word and says it's so amen that's right all right so now if I just keep walking back and forth Here I take up time. There's how many seconds to do that? And seconds mean time. So Colossians 3:15. Let's go over there. Colossians 3:15. I want to get down the meat of this so I can quit. Close. That better. That's a better word because you'll never quit. Colossians 3:15. And let verse 14 above all these things put on charity which is the bond of perfectness and let here again and let the peace of God rule in your heart to the which also you are called in one body and be ye thankful. Where are you called? In one body. And be ye thankful that you are positionally placed in Christ. Being born again. Amen. So being born again identifies you as a true believer. A lot of people say they believe. That doesn't put them in the body, right? But a true believer being the seed of God. Amen. That seed of God quickened in you will lead you into all truth. Talk about identification. Amen. When he the spirit of truth has come, he will lead you into all truth. Who's the spirit of truth? What sent Jesus go in in him? He that sends you goes in you. It's your comfort. All right. So let the peace of God rule. To let it rule. What is this peace of God? What is this rule he's talking about? Let it rule. It means let it umpire. Let it decide. Let it direct and control. Let it determine. Let it rule. So when an umpire in a ball game says it's a strike and you don't believe that, what are you going to do about it? Well, I don't believe it was I believe it was a ball. Well, he said strike. There's got to be an absolute to that game. All right. There is an absolute message absolute 631 1201 he said there is an absolute in a ball game that's the umpire right if he said it's a strike that's what it is don't care what you say what I think way I saw it the way you saw it it's what he said it's absolute if he says strike you have to agree with it because that's the way it's going to be wrote up strike what if there's no umpire who would be right one said it was a strike the other said it's no strike it was a ball you start pulling out hair, you start having chaos and that's the end of the game. How do we run? Paul said, "So run. We hold our body. Bring it in subjection." I could read you 1 Corinthians 9, but you know what I'm referring to. Bring my body under obedience. Said, "Bring it under subjection." He even called it beating it into subjection. Is that right? All right. What are you doing? You're bringing it under the word. The only way you can run this race is by the word. It's through the word. The mind of God was the word. The mind of God was the word living. The prophet said this about the bride shall be the word living and inaction. So the word is quick and powerful. It's it's in action. Living and operative. The word is living and operative. That's the mind of God that's in you. It's living and operative. It it reveals. It opens it up when you least expect it. You didn't pump it up. You didn't make it happen. God opened it. God reveals it. He said he would and he does. That's sovereignty. That's grace. That right? We don't go out and and commit things the word says don't do because we have grace and know you shouldn't do it. Right. And then go out and do it anyway because I have grace to do it. No, that would not be right. when he said to do a certain thing and you know not to do it. Well, I can do it anyway. You know what that is? That's called Calvinism. Yeah, that's right. And the other one says, "Oh, I don't dare do that. I can't do that. Why? My my." You know, and then it becomes a works affair. Then it becomes Armenianism. But God in you is neither one. He's the word living. And when he lives, he discerns. He quickens. He directs. He works. So what are you going to do about it? Put your hand in his and let go. I I put your hand in, let go. No, hold on to it. But I'm saying give over to him. Give yourself to him. Quit trying to figure it out. Quit trying to reason with the devil. You know you can't get well. You know you did this. You've done that. You know you got to have this surgery and that surgery. You know this has got to happen. Who says so? That's right. Amen. Right. I mean, here's a doctor here, a surgeon. But I don't if I need surgery, I trust a doctor. God will lead that doctor to do what I need. But I also believe that God can keep me out of it. I've seen him do it. All right. You know, God's practically answering prayer every day for things. Amen. But don't put any of those things as being evidences. It's the spirit doing it without a doubt. But the evidence that you're a true believer is that the word's opened in you. Amen. You have an ability to hear and receive the word for the season and a true understanding, clear understanding of it. And it lives itself. You don't have to go live it. That's right. See, a lot of them are aimed at. They aimed at they were baptized. They were And this is another message. I'm just going to speak it real this real shortly. They aim at and then relax. Now that's a different word relax than I preached the Wednesday before. Really the word relax in was release. You release yourself. But this relaxes they become relaxed. In the Ephesian age they aimed at they were aimed at the right thing. Then then they relaxed and never went on to take God at what God said he would do and that's fill them. They thought it was okay because they could shout and they could dance under sanctification. Amen. You say, "Is that so?" Oh my. Yes. She ought to see the old Nazarines dance and shout and roll on the floor. Right. I was I'm old enough to remember that. Right. I hear Paul say him, too. That's all right. I don't mind that. I'm just closer home. I'm closer in age- wise than he is to get home. And yet either one of us could go tonight. So what? I can't go until it's done. That's right. I have his mind. I came from him. I'm led by him. He's guiding me. I rest in that. His word is perfect. Why? Every day I see that every day. God's never failed to have new mercies for me every day. Known making himself known, revealing himself every single day. You know what? I depend on it because he said so. His mercies are new every morning. All right, I'm going off. Let me keep moving here. All right, let's go to So, let him direct. Let him umpire. So, let him Now, I I got to a point there I wanted to get to on that baseball. Okay, now if he Okay, so he says strike is strike. It's a ball. Why? We would have chaos if you didn't have an umpire. You wouldn't know what to do. And then he says there's got to be somewhere that somebody's word is final. Amen. I feel real good right now. Glory. Hallelujah. There's got to be something that's final. I'm so glad of that. Oh, how there's somebody who can say it's sin or not sin. I'm so glad of that. I'm glad for an absolute. No arguing. No need of arguing. The umpire said strike and that's what it is. He what? See the peace of God. Let it rule. Amen. What's the peace of God do? Hold you steady in the word. Where's your peace lay? In the word. All right. The word of who? The word of God. All right. All right. See, you came from that. You came from the source of that. And when he put his thoughts into word, there you are. You're revealed and hid in this book. And this hour, it opened up who you are. That's why we're going home in a body change one day here. Or if we go ahead of time, the theophony will just come and pick up the body. That's right. A lot could be said on those things, but we just bypass it. He said, "So if he says it's strike, that's what it is." Now watch what he says. Mark it up in your mind. It's a strike and go on. What's he saying here? If God says it's this way, mark it up in your mind. Bring your bring that battlefield under obedience to the word and settle it there and go on. Don't reason with the enemy. You stay behind the wall of the word. You stay behind the word. That is your fortress. That is your place. That is your ordained position. Yes. Amen. Hey, we're not going to do what Eve did. She went out and reasoned with the devil. See? See, it looks and reasoning looks more beautiful. It looks more reasonable. But the word is eternal. There's nothing can stop it. There's nothing can hinder it. It's God's word. Let this mind be in you. You are the word living. That's why nothing can turn you from the word because you came from the word and a part of the word. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You can't be something you're not. You are going to be what you are and you'll grow up into that stature. Now, so we're going to bypass some of these things here, but after you become a Christian, and and by the way, a true Christian means that you're tabernacling deity. You know, the prophet identified a Christian as tabernacling deity, not just people saying, "I'm a Christian." But a Christian is Christlike, has the life of Christ living in them. The prophet said, "A Christian tabern is one that tabernacles deity." All right? But after you become a Christian, then you are fortified by the word and any promise in the word. He said,"I didn't know I was going to say that." See, you are when you become a Christian, you're placed behind the word of God. Now, there's your fortress and your safety. Oh my. Every promise in that is yours. Only thing I have to do is just reach and get it and go right on with it. That's it. All right. Amen. All right. You don't have to produce anything. Don't go out and try to produce it. You just receive it, believe it, say it's so, and go on. Settle it. I'm not going to compromise. Not going to add to it, take away. I'm not going to put my ideas. I'm not given a free thought. I have no right to put a free thought to it. God said, "So that settles it." Now you're standing behind the wall. You're behind that barrier. Amen. All right. Now, now he's either your guide or he isn't. Right? He's either coming you and and or he hasn't. If he has, then you're going to have what you believe. And if you believe the word, then life is for you. Then life is going to manifest itself through you. You're going in a rapture. You've already been identified to be there. And brother, listen. He has given you a choice. But he chose you before the foundation of the world. And you didn't said Bible say you didn't choose him but he chose you. But watch he still gives you a choice between right and wrong. But one thing he will do he will cause you pressure you a little bit and teach you to learn to make the right choice. Did you ever think of that? Yeah. Happens to every one of us. Lord I want to make that choice. All right. He just pressures a little side over here to get the right choice because he's already destined you. I know my thoughts concerning you, sayaeth the Lord. Not thoughts of evil, but thoughts, but but thoughts of good. I don't know if that's the right word or not. And and and to give you an expected end. Praise be to the Lord. I'm glad he he went and took every bit of redemption, took all my sin, all my failures, all my mistakes, every bit of it. And I'm not judged by that. He's looking at me through his blood. Looking at me and now taken the word in this hour and laid claim on me. Yes. Amen. Already claimed me and claimed everyone. And we're growing into that full stature. Amen. Hallelujah. All right. My goodness. Okay. I I'm just running pretty good here now. After you become a Christian, okay, you're fortified. Only thing that I know, God gave his children the best attack that they could have. He knew every attacks Satan would come. You don't think he knows that? He knew it before the beginning. He knew every attack that Satan would come at you at. He knew every time he would contest you. He knew every time he would try you. And God has to allow him to do that. But he knew it and he fortified you behind the word. And he said, now he said he gave his children the best attack that they could have, the best attack to to attack the enemy with. And what did he give? The word. Are you ready? Why did he give the word? He said, are you ready to know why? The word is eternal. And if God made a promise that's eternal, there's nothing, nowhere can stop it. Amen. You could, you could turn every atom upside down, turn it backwards, never pierce the word of God. One little word. See, because Jesus said both heavens and earth will pass away, but my word, let this mind be in you. If that was his word, he said his word, that's also my word. Is that right? That's also my word. So, by the same token, he said, "My words shall never pass away." What about being in him whose words are yours? Then those words that brought you life, those words that bring you life, those words that's guiding you cannot pass away. And you are that word. My my my oh my. Okay. Now, so he gave the word because eternal. Now, what is the word of God? The word of God. Listen now. Are you listening carefully? What is the word of God? The word of God is God himself. So let this mind be in you. What was what did he express? What was the word? It was a thought expressed and God is the word. So let this mind be in you. He said so, so the word is God. God himself is the word. He gave the believer. He gave the believer himself. He gave the believer himself. Amen. He said it's God himself. He gave the believer himself to attack the enemy by. In other words, he's the father and the word is God. Then the word is our father. We're born by the word and he's standing in the forefront for his children. Amen. There you are. He's standing out there for his children. What did not he stand for his son? Is not he standing for us? How can he not stand for us when we were a part of him? How can not how can he not believe the word? Can he deny himself? Neither can we. I can't deny this word. Amen. How can I deny it when when I'm a part of it? He can't deny himself. Neither can I. I'm talking about myself not being this myself. The word living eternal life. God gave us a record. What record did he give us? Eternal life. And this life is in his son. And he that hath the son has life. Now what in the world are you fearing? He that hath the son. You have the son, you have life. He that hath the son hath life. He that hath not the son hath not life. Here's your record. What's he given you? Eternal life. He gave you himself. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm not just saying these cliches. I mean every word. This is more than life to me. I mean more and more. It's becoming more open, more open, more open, more open, more personalized all the time. Till I just cannot. This body is going to have to break away. It's going to have to let go because this inside this this reality of who I am, who he is, we are one. We're no longer twain. We are united. Created in Christ Jesus. The prophet said, "Being created in Christ Jesus means that you were made in union with him. You cannot be separated from that union." God cannot lose a part of eternal life. If he does, he can't lose himself. But he's not complete until you are the expression of himself and you're made manifest. Now we're seeing the word for the season. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. All right. Now, let me just start closing here. You must never get behind that word. I mean, excuse me. You must never get from behind that. When you do, you're opening the door to the enemy. Oh, well, you he he'll say when you say when they say, "Oh, well, I'll do a little of this, a little of that." God wants you to separate yourself from any everything that's called unbelief, completely set aside for him and for him only. Amen. He said, "Now, every man that was made in the image of his creator, he was given a wall to stand behind. And that word could never can ne can never fail. That's what the Christian's hope is. That's his shield. That's his armor. It's his rock today. The revelation it's rock revelation today is to stand behind that word. Every believer stand behind the word and don't you know I could there's quotes I was going to read out of the family altar. I could give you the page number. You go back and read it. But Jesus never said when he was tested in the wilderness said, "I rebuke you, Satan." He never said that. You know what he said? It's written. Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God. That's all he said. So then Satan was defeated right there. Then he took him up and gave him another test. You know what he said? It's written. That's right. And then the last test, he said, he went right. He said, "Get behind me, Satan. For it's written, Brother Bram said that word that that a he showed us what the weakest Christian could do to defeat the enemy every place, every time on any condition, anywhere is simply take his word, right? Oh, well, Satan says it's got to be more than that. It's too simple. It's that simple and it's that powerful. Amen. Don't let him punch a hole through that wall by reasoning with you. Don't you reason with him. Turn him down. Turn him down. Take the word that speaks of you. It doesn't speak of him. It speaks of you. It's revealing you. You are the revelation contained in there. You are what's hidden in there. Amen. All right. Take that word. Amen. So, I'm going to have to bypass some of this. Oh well, okay. Now, he has a purpose for your life. Each individual, no one else on the face of the earth can take your place. God has got something for you. He made you like that. Why was that done that way? It was done that way for a purpose. God is sovereign in his work. Things we differ. Things different. Things are different. We're different. We different from one another. Now, so brother, sister, before I go any further here, and I I am coming to a close. Can't you see where we're standing today? With the word open, and you know, the word will continue to be open. Once we get into these bodies, we'll wonder how we we won't even understand why we lived here and how we lived here and how we were dying every day because it won't be there. We We can't explain right now this. Wait till we get over there. We will look back say, "I can't explain that." That's right. See, we we're we're going to have and we're not going to we're not just going to we'll be ask questions. We'll talk. We'll converse with one another just like we do now. Amen. Yes. I mean, it's not going to be, oh, oh, such and such. Oh, yeah. I already know that. No, it's going to be there'll be qu answers. We're going to live like we live. Don't leave there's no death in it. We're going to build and have it. On and on we could go. See? See? So, but let's go back here to what we're looking at. Can't you see where we're standing? Life. What's that life? Eternal life is in the grain again. What is it? Just exactly the same grain. Are you hearing me? What is it? Exactly the same grain that went in the ground. The same Jesus in the bride form. I could really smile big right now because I love this. The same Jesus in the bride form, same power, same church, same thing, same word. Let this mind be in you. The same word sucked up through these and come out here and come to a head here. And all that life that come up through there here carriers picked up its people. Now it's forming up into a head. Or other words, it's growing in the bride. He said to the full stature things that are to be the revelation of Jesus Christ for this hour is growing in the bride form. Amen. To the full stature. And all that life come up through here, picked up as people, now is forming into a head for the rapture. Amen. Amen. What's that rapture we're looking for? Body change. Meeting him. Meeting in the air. What's that opening? That's opening up his third coming. What's the third coming? Go right back to earth. What's left? Brother Brham said, "We're in the second fold of that seventh seal. What's the third?" Back to Eden. Comes one first time to redeem. He comes the next time to receive. that receiving part of it. Don't wait until we're caught in the air to be received. We're being received right now. When did he open the word? What did he open himself up for? To receive us, we had to mature somehow. And it took the son, it took the bridegroom to come and lay in the presence of that son to mature. Amen. Amen. So when they said, "Let let the bridegroom coming." And the prophet said, "The sun is up." Amen. And they that were ready went into the marriage. Amen. Is that right? Remember the foolish virgin were in the book of life. They meet at the white throne judgment. But the bride was in another section of that. And she's found also in Matthew 25. But she was ready. Why? because she had oil in the inside of the inside. That's right. There's your difference. And they went into the marriage and the last one had to come in. Is that right? Last one claimed. All right. And and they had to be immatured. She had taken an immature bride. Right. So they had to be matured. Amen. And then the door was shut. See? And there's there can be a period of time after the door shut. Amen. I don't know that. I'm not saying that. I pray that it isn't. There's still opportunity. Amen. For someone. We don't know that, do we? But we live in a in a day of revelation. Life is in the grain. The prophet declared this age as seed time. And to make sure you got it, he said, "It's bride time. It's the seed." All right. But in what form? Amen. There you are. Okay. Oh my. Wonderful. Now, now questions and answers. I'm going to bring this to you and then we're just going to try to we'll close here in the next give me five minutes. And questions and answers. Paragraph 269. The question is, I can't give over completely to Jesus. Have I an evil spirit? Let me just spend the rest of the time on that there. This is this is 8:23 morning 64 questions and answers. He said, "Let's see. See, I don't know, man or woman." He didn't know who wrote it. I couldn't tell what it is. God knows that you can't surrender to Jesus. Why? What's the matter? If you are a woman, don't you have to surrender to your husband to be a wife? Surrender all you are. A little lady when you were married, virtuous, fought all your life to stay virtuous. But one day you found a man that you loved, you were his completely. The things that you fought the things that you you had fought against all your life and tried to live clean and clear and virtuous. Now you surrender every bit of that to one man. Too bad. And he's talking he's talking to an individual here. Talking spiritually typing it with the natural. It's too bad that women haven't caught that vision today. Some, you know, claiming to be in the message. Haven't caught the vision that they've surrendered to a man. But we're looking at it spiritually here. Now, watch what we're saying here. See, it shows there's not a trust somewhere. I'll just let that lay right there. Let your pastor take care of that. All right. You were his completely. The things that you fought against all your life and tried to live clean and clear and virtuous, now you surrender every bit of it to one man. Is that right? You put yourself completely in his hands. You know, watch this. this trust here. You are his. Now, we could go back and pick that right up. You laid the veil on his shoulders. What you're declaring is, "I'm yours. You're my head." And he should accept the obligation and honor you as a weaker vessel, that your prayers be not hindered, and that he should love you as Christ loved the church and give himself for you. Now, there's real messages in that. It's more than dos and don'ts. There's a spiritual realization laying there concerning Christ and his bride. Paul said that. All right. There's a mystery here. All right. Now, you put yourself completely in his hands. You are his. All that you have stood for in decency and moral and everything like that. Now, you turn it over to a man because you surrender yourself to the man. Can't you do the same thing to Jesus Christ? Just surrender yourself that way. All that I am, all my mind, all my thoughts. Certainly, I don't think you're possessed of an evil spirit. I think an evil spirit anoints you with them kind of thoughts trying to make you think you cannot surrender yourself to God. Am I still on mic here? Sounds like it's fading. Let me show you something. Why would you want to surrender to him? Now look, look at how he brings this right back. talk devil given a black eye. Now just put this in your own park here. Amen. All of us, man and woman. He said, "Why would you want to?" How many want to surrender completely to him? That's right. Devil's trying to make it look awful difficult when it's so simple. That's the truth. But you have an old man out here that fighting against it. See? All right. Because Satan don't want you to surrender completely. He can't. He He wants to possess you and possess your thoughts so he can manifest himself through your body. So the battle is for possession of you. When you realize that, then you're giving yourself even more to God because there only one I want to be possessed by, and that's Christ. Amen. All right. Now, he said, he said, "I don't try." He said, "Why would you want to surrender to him?" Because there's something out there calling you to surrender. It's a very good sign. You ought to surrender yourself. What's surrender mean? Release. What do you do when you surrender to an enemy? Everything we have, everything we were yours. When you surrender to someone, I'm talking about as a war, you know, they surrender to the enemy. They just give them right to come in and possess everything they are. They put them whatever they do with they want what they want with them. What about when you surrender to him? Amen. Oh, it's wonderful. That's it. It's what do you It's And every day you're going to fight every day. You got to stay behind that word. Stay behind it. You, that's your fortress. That's your protection. Keep me behind the word, Lord. Nobody's saying in here that we're perfect as men. None of us are. But there's one thing in us that desires that more than anything else, Lord. This is your house. This is your possession. You take it and you do with it what you want. Your word is my absolute. Amen. That's all there is to it. I don't understand why this happens. I understand why that happens. But you're in possession. You're in control over it. Yes. Okay. Now, okay. He said just give yourself over Lord. My thinking, all that I am, I want to give to you. My life I give as life of service. Take me, Lord. Use me just as I am. And he said, and it's such a simple thing. When you release it, it's released. Lord spoke to me about a month ago and he said, "Haven't you committed yourself to me?" I said, "Yes, Lord." Then leave it right there. Committed is committed. Quit trying to reason why you're if you're committed or not. Didn't you commit yourself? Then he let go. Then let go. Just that's it. So when you come up against a situation, who are you going to submit yourself to? What the Bible say? Surrender yourself to God. How you going to resist the devil? By first giving yourself to God, the word. Then resist the devil, and he'll flee from you. Don't try to outsmart him. Don't try to use Don't try to reason with him. Don't try to reason with feelings. Reason with why this is happening. I don't know. I don't know. I've heard more people say, I don't know why it's happening. I don't know why it's happening. Just release yourself to the word. The word is your absolute. Well, I don't see anything happen. You're looking. You're what? You're not believing the word. You're not resting in what he said. Let patience have her perfect work. Is not God on time? Who saved you? Who called you? Who brought you here? Amen. Who gave you ability? Who gave you strength? All right. Now, I'm going over time, so let's just stop that. All right. A lot of things I could bring here, but I'm just going to take What a beautiful thing it is just to lay your life in his hands and say, "Here am I, Lord. Just use me now. Lead me, guide me, direct me in the way that would be pleasing unto thee." And then don't murmur. No matter what the path is, stay with it anyhow and God will work it. All right. Like brother Trevor and I was at the barber shop and we were saying, no matter what it looks like, all is well. All is well. Well, I have this happen. I have that happen. Yeah, that's right. But all is well. So, how do you know that? Because the word said so. Where am I fortified? What am I staying behind? The word. The word. The word is perfect. You're not. The word is. All right. Then no matter what the path is, watch what he said. No matter what the path is, don't murmur. No matter what the path is, stay with it anyhow, and God will work it. All right. The footsteps of the righteous is ordered by the Lord. And that scripture is true. Amen. What a blessed assurance. just like a baby to lay your trust in him and let him take all your cares for he cares for you. Don't try to do nothing about it. He will do it already. He promised he would do it. It's his business. As long as you're fooling with it, well, he can't have it. But when you turn it loose and let him have it, he will take care of it for you. Yes, sir. Oh, I like that. What a perfect calmness the Christian ought to have. I committed, he said, I don't, brother Bram said, I don't understand myself because I committed submitted and committed myself to Christ many years ago. He does the leading. I don't try to understand it. I just go where he leads. All right. And then he has no hands but ours now. And here's here here he's here in the spirit form. No eyes but ours, no ears but ours, no tongue but ours. So let's let him have everything. The secret of this is submitting yourself with godly love into the hands of a loving father and letting him take you over. That's all. I'll admit people study too much and try to go too far ahead and try to think too hard and sometimes they have mental breakdowns and things on account of studying about the Lord. You must quit that. You don't have to do that. The only thing you have to do is fall in love with him and just go right on loving him. Amen. It's not trying to push into something or make yourself something you're not. Just go ahead and let God use you the way he wants to use you. Just yield yourself. Commit yourself. Walk on happy, singing, rejoicing. That's the way. Amen. The only thing you have to do is take your stand upon God's word and God will make the way for the rest of it. Oh, there he goes out the door. He don't want you to stand behind the word. You You answer him with this is the word. This my word. That's not only my father's word, that's my word. Right. Thank you. Amen. I'm a believer. I'm a son of God. That's my word. I have the authority with the word. I am the word and it can't pass away. Heavens and earth will pass away, but my word will not pass away. Now, wouldn't that wouldn't that be a problem with carnal believers? Who do you think you are? We're speaking from another fountain here. Amen. We're living from another channel. That's right. The just shall live by faith. Okay, if you'll stand to your feet, I'll stop. [Laughter] Okay, now when it's revealed to you, it's a faith then a perfect faith that cannot fail. It's substance. Remember Jesus said, I can do nothing till my father shows me. And the same harmony is to exist between him and his bride. Do you love him? I've got a father. Do you have a father? Just remember, hold that word before you. You're being tested. You'll be tried. You'll be tried with mistakes. You'll be tried with failures. You'll be tried with pain. You'll be tried with discomfort. You'll be tried. Take the word. Amen. Stay behind the word. It doesn't matter. You don't have to figure out anything. Release it. give it to God and say, "Lord, here I am. You lead me in this. If I've got a you you and I absolutely believe you are and I've committed myself to you and I'll follow, how confident are you about that when you say it?" Don't speak in his name and not believe it. Because we don't use the name in vain. When we say something and speak something, let's believe it. Receive it. Ask in his name and I'll do it. Did he say that? He said he ordained your works for you to walk in. Did he say that? He said, "I've healed you." Did he say that? On and on we could go. You don't need to do anything else but stand right there. Give God thanks. Praise him for what he's done and quit looking at anything else and don't let the devil reason you reason with your feelings. I I can't stop from saying that because that's his tactics. Let's bring every thought under obedience to Christ. I didn't read that scripture. Well, you know what I'm talking about. 2 Corinthians 10:3 and5. Our warfare is not carnal but mighty through God through the word to pulling down the strongholds bringing every thought under subjection obedience to the word to Christ. That's the right mental attitude. All right? That's having the mind of God. Isaiah 26:3 said what? I'll keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed. That word stayed means you rest upon and you lean against it. See, all that goes right along with what we said. I'll give him perfect peace whose mind is stayed on God because why? He trustth in me. What are you trusting in? What are you resting in? If you're not resting in the word, you're on shaky ground. Amen. That's it. So turn the soul. Yes. I'm not talking about your outer man. Oh, well, I've got to do this. I've got to do this. It's mind over matter. No, it isn't. Not. It's not. And yet, we could say it is. God's mind. But what are we saying here? What's your soul believe? Live from that. Live from that realm. Live from that word. Live from that soul realm right there. Bring everything under obedience to that. Where is your guide? He's in you. Talking to believers, born again believers. Where is your guide? He said, "Let guide me, direct me, lead me in the way that pleases you." Do you believe that? Amen. Then rest in it. Care what it looks like. Rest in it. [Music] crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live, yet not I, but Christ liveth in me. And the life that I now live, I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me. And I say again, where does faith rest in the unmovable eternal word? Amen. Amen. Now, I'll probably go I'll probably miss, but don't matter. Let's sing that song. I have a father. You have a father. I love that song. Amen. Um, okay. I have a maker [Music] before my heart. And before even time began, my life was in his hand. Just think on that. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. [Music] I have a father. [Music] He calls me his own [Music] and he'll never leave me. No matter where I go. That's what he said. I'll never leave you, never forsake you. He knows my name. Release yourself tonight. He knows my every thought. Oh, he sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. Once again, I have a father. I have Yes, Lord. This is an individual affair. He's your father. He calls me. Did not he say that? Did not he declare that? And he'll never leave me no matter where I go. Oh, he knows my name. [Music] He knows my every thought. Oh, he sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. You believe that tonight? Do you believe he hears you? He said if your heart condemns you not, you have confidence toward God. That if you know you, he hears you. Then you know you have your petition. Hallelujah. We ought to be the freest. We are the freest. We ought to be the happiest. We are the happiest. Most joyful people there is upon the earth because we have a father. Because we have his word and his word cannot pass away. And because his word can't pass away, I cannot pass away. Hallelujah. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. I think that's a song, isn't it? Yeah. Let's sing it. You know that song? Okay. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. name. Oh yes, I'll bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy [Music] name, for he has done great things. Hallelujah. For he has done great things. For he has done great things. Bless his holy name. Oh, bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me, bless his holy [Music] name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. Amen, many many many. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Thank the Lord. God bless you. I think I'll just go ahead and dismiss. Brother Paul, do you have something? Okay. [Music] Keep him on your mind. Keep him on your thoughts. Hold the mind that he's given you. You take. Let that be predominant. Bring your old carnal mind under obedience to every thought under obedience to the word. For you came from him. You're part of him. Hold that forth. Don't let that drop. Stay behind that fortress, that wall that he's placed there for you to be. He's given you his eternal word. You could not have anything better. That cannot fail. Everything else will fail. So keep your focus on the eternal. Amen. Keep your focus on the eternal, not on the things that are temporal. Again, while we look not at the things which are seen, but the things that are not seen. For the things which are seen are temporal, but the things that are unseen. That's Christ in you. That's Christ living through you. That's Christ the word. That is the eternal. Keep feeding on the word, brother, sister. Keep eating. Ask God. You have not because you ask not. But ask according to his will. He's got to answer it. You believe it, then receive it. And don't let time, space, nothing else move that away from you. You just give him thanks. He will do it. I am a witness of that. I know that's truth. Amen. God bless you. Till we meet again, come expecting, fed up. Come in the spirit on Sunday. be a lot easier to preach, won't it, brother Paul? God bless you.
