################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-23 - March 23, 2025 - The One Thing I Desire  -Bro. Paul Haylett - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-23
Title:   March 23, 2025 - "The One Thing I Desire " -Bro. Paul Haylett
Speaker: Paul Haylett
Church:  Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2vJgjYziAA
========================================

Description:
Bro Paul Haylett
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] reol my life. [Music] I should have fallen in my soul, cast down, but mercy rero my life. Mercy rero my life. God's mercy rerode my life. [Music] I should have fallen in my soul cast, but mercy rero my life. Amen. Amen. Can anyone raise their hand this morning and say, "I've seen the grace of God, the mercy of God in my life." Hallelujah. I can both hands. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God is good. It's good to be here this morning. Amen. I'd like to sing like to sing number 63 34 this morning. When I see the blood, one of Isaac's top fives. Christ our redeemer died on the cross. died for the sinner, paid all his due. Inkle your soul with the blood of the lamb and I will pass will pass over you. When I see the blood. When I see the blood. And I see the blood. I will pass. I will pass over you. Chiefest of sinners. Jesus will say all he has promised that will he do. Wash in the fountain open for sin and I will pass will pass over you. When I see the blood. When I see the blood. When I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. Judgement is coming. All will be there. Each one receiving justly is due. Hide in the saving sin cleansing blood and I will pass will pass over you. When I see the blood when I see the blood. When I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. Oh great compassion, oh boundless love, oh loving kindness, faithful and true, and peace and shelter under the blood. And I will pass will pass over you. When I see the blood When I see the blood, when I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. Amen. Oh, great compassion, oh boundless love. Amen. Hallelujah. Love those words. Amen. Not just words to me. It's life. It's truth. Amen. Hallelujah. Um it's number number 651. I know whom I have believed. I know not why God's wonderous grace to me he hath made known nor why unworthy Christ in love redeemed me for his own. But I know whom I have believe in and am persuaded that he is aable to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. I know not how this saving faith to me did impart nor how believing in his word brought peace within my heart. But I know whom I have believeth and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. I know not how the spirit moved. Convincing men of sin, revealing Jesus through the word, cateing faith in him. But I know whom I have believe it and am persuaded that he is aable to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. I know not what a good or may be reserved for me. Of worery ways or golden day before his face I see. But I know whom I have believed and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. I know not when my Lord may come at night or noon day fair, nor if I'll walk the veil with him or meet him in the air. But I know I have believe it and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. Amen. Amen. I just scribbled a bunch of songs down. Usually I kind of try and put them in order, [Music] but let's sing [Music] um let's just sing number 838 as we get ready to go to prayer this morning. Amen. I just want to please the Lord to be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. Amen. Is that the desire of your heart this morning, man? Let's stand as we sing [Music] this. I just want to please the Lord. Be in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. To hear him say, "Well done someday." And I just want to please the Lord. Be in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. To hear him say, "Well done someday. I just want to please the Lord. Be in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. To hear him say, "Well done." someday. One more time. Amen. I just want to please the Lord. Be in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. to hear him say, "Well done someday." Amen. Hallelujah. Was talking to one of my kids a while back and they said, "You know, the best thing I could ever hear, they were talking about skiing or something." They said, "Just want to be able to hear my daddy say, "Well done. Good job." So, is that what you're looking for this morning? Amen. just to when we enter his presence that he would just say, "Well done, my good and faithful son." Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. We have a couple prayer requests here this morning. Um our sister Carrie's asking us to remember her in prayer. She wasn't feeling well this morning. And then they'll also be um traveling home, I think, in the next day or two. Tuesday. Okay. They'll be traveling home Tuesday. So Lord, just watch over them on the roads. Keep the weather good over the passes and stuff and just be with them. Amen. May it bless their time down there with our brother Pashant Nancha and the baby. Amen. Amen. Um want to remember brother Sergey this morning and he's just taking some time with his daughters this morning. So just be with them. Bless their time together. Amen. I want to remember brother Dace and family. Uh, Brother Wayne and his family up there in Montana and Adrian and his family as well in Montana. Hold continue to hold our sister April up in prayer. Amen. Our brother Gideon as well. Uh, and then just Alex and Rachel as they'll be traveling uh home. They went up north to see the see the family there. So, uh, I want to hold up the the saints in Emanuel Gospel Center. They're there in South Africa as well and going through some things there. Just Lord, just be with them. Amen. You have something on your heart this morning. Amen. You know, says I lift up my eyes to when cometh my help. All of my help cometh from the Lord. Amen. Let's just bow to him this morning. Amen. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we come before you, Lord God. How we love you, Lord God. Lord, as we've sang the songs of your grace and mercy, Lord Jesus, unto us, our hearts are humbled, Lord Jesus. Lord God, how thankful we are that you chose us, Lord Jesus. And Lord, that we could come here this morning, Lord Jesus, and lift our voices and sing the songs of praise and worship you, Lord God. Lord, what an honor and a privilege it is, Lord Jesus. And we just pray, Lord God, that in the praise and worship and in the speaking of your word, Lord God, that we'd be found in your presence, Lord Jesus. Lord, you've heard the requests, the different ones, our sister Carrie not feeling well, brother Alex, sister Carrie, and Sister Ruth traveling, Lord Jesus. And Lord, we hold them up in prayer as you just watch over them on the roads, Lord God, and just touch our sister Carrie, helping her feel better, Lord Jesus. Lord, for the our brother Dace, our brother Wayne, Lord God, our sister April, Lord, may you just be with each one of them even now, Lord God, that your spirit would be upon them, Lord Jesus. You just give them peace and liberty in you, Lord Jesus. We pray. Lord, for our brother Gideon, Lord, just needing a touch in his life, Lord [Music] Jesus. Lord, I just pray you just lead him back to you, Lord God. had such a heaviness on my heart for him. Lord Jesus, just pray and touch him, Lord God. Lord, for the different ones, the others that I may have forgotten, Lord Jesus, for every hand that's lifted up this morning, Lord Jesus, as we've come together, Lord, in your name, Lord, just ask, Lord Jesus, you just fall fresh upon us once again, Lord God. May we may we just dedicate this service and this time into your hands, Lord, that you'd have your will in your way. Just have the preeminence this morning, Lord God. Lord, we the saints in South Africa as well, Lord Jesus. May you just move in their midst, Lord, we pray this morning. We just ask these things in your holy name. We dedicate this time into your hands once again, Lord. Just pray you be with us in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You may have your seats. [Music] Sing number [Music] 995. Amen. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. Hallelujah. My [Music] Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath all that I am never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hand. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise have in you my Jesus my savior. Lord there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath, all that I am, never cease to worship you. Oh, shout to the Lord, all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty, praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hand. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compared to the promise I have in you. Amen. Amen. My hope is in the Lord. Number 872. [Music] I stand in all within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the aes lie. Whom the raging of the sea [Music] subside. Living sacrifice, the only source of life. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Stand. [Music] Amen. His tender mercies come with every rising son. Meet the sinner in his brokenness. offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord. This time on and ever more. Oh, my [Music] hope is in the Lord forever more. I standing all within the presence of the Lord. Whom the wisdom of the [Music] aes whom the raging of the sea subside. A living sacrifice. The only source of life, my hope in the Lord, from this time on. And ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. My hope is in the Lord. This time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Amen. Amen. As we get ready to change the order of the service this morning, I just want to sing that little course. He knows my name. Number 8:24. Before even time began, my life was in his hands. Amen. You believe that this morning? I have a maker. before my heart and before even time began. My life was in his hand. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. I have a father. singles me his [Laughter] [Music] own. And he'll never leave me. Matter where I go. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. I have a father. He calls me his own and he'll never leave me no matter where I go. He knows my name. He knows my every thought that falls and hears me when I call. Can we just take a moment just lift our hands and give the Lord a thanksgiving? Give him some praise. Lord, we so appreciate you today, Father. Lord, that truly you are our makers and father our hearts. Lord, you said you would come and turn the hearts of the children to the fathers. And Lord, we're seeing that come to pass in our midst. And Lord, how we love you today. And Father, we just look forward, Lord, to having you speak to our hearts today. And Lord, I open my heart. Lord, speak to me. Lord, that is my desire today. Lord, speak to me. Father, we might receive the words of eternal life, a wordss of strength, Lord, guidance to our weary bodies, Father, to guide us home, Father, to your presence. Oh, how we love you, Father. Ask you, Lord, be here with us this morning, Lord. Speak to us. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] You know, it's good to see you, Sister Sue. Amen. Amen. Just glad the Lord just brought you back down into our midst. Amen. And uh I was thinking, Brother Salem, Sister Wonder, I was thinking about you last night and I almost sent a message and I thought, well, if you're sleeping before work or already at work, but God bless you. It makes my heart happy to see both of you here today. Amen. Sister Maria, God bless you. Your baby's growing. Amen. So, every baby around here seems to be growing very fast. Amen. How blessed we are by God's grace. Amen. And uh you know, we always mention Brother Dace and uh I think we're a little remiss that we don't mention his mother, Sister Vicki. Uh and uh just to remember her in our prayers also. she's up there uh living in that same area. Just a dear, sweet sister. She sends such encouraging uh little uh notes to uh just uh say thank you and and we just want the Lord to just bless them. And Amen. And I don't know, maybe I've missed out on something. Um uh Sister Sammy and the boys, let's just remember them. Uh Candom Logan and the children. Uh I think maybe they're taking advantage of the school break also. Brother Vilei, God bless you. Glad always happy when the Lord brings you home safe. Amen. Let's just go. I want to speak to you this morning on a topic or title, the one thing I desire. Amen. God bless you. I want to just say, Sister Sarah, I'm happy to see you in the piano. She played the piano for us for so so many years and uh always makes my heart happy to see her playing the piano. Amen. Psalms 27 very familiar scripture. God bless you our visitor in the corner there. May God bless you. Amen. Trust that you have a good time in the house of God today. Amen. Psalms 27 verses 1-6. And uh when I was you know studying this um you know you stop sometimes and say you know what is it what is it that I really long for the most in my life. Um you know some they would say as a rich young ruler obviously he desired his wealth more than to be in the words of following the leadership of the lord. uh we see different things that people express to desire uh certain things of life and uh I believe it comes to this place that we as Christians as believers the one thing that we desire more than anything else is to be in the presence and the will of God. Amen. That that is the most important thing. And as we see the word uh having told us what would happen in these latter days, right? This is not a mystery uh to us. The word very clear what we would see in this day. Yet this sounds a little direct but yet the world of Christendom is just as nervous as a secular world as though they didn't understand what the word of God already told us about today. But my brother and sister, I I think by God's grace that we can stand today with a confidence to know what today is and what tomorrow is because we know who holds today and tomorrow, our future. There's no need to be nervous. Amen. The word says that he didn't bring us this far to lose us. Amen. Or to let us fail. So, amen. The one thing I desire. Psalms 27 1-6. The Lord is my light and my salvation. And anytime you feel like saying amen, you can just go ahead and say amen. Whom shall I fear? The Lord is the strength of my life. Of whom shall I be afraid? When the wicked, even mine enemies and my foes came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell. Though a host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear. Though war should arise against me, in this will I be confident. One thing I have desired of the Lord, that I will seek after, that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life, to behold the beauty of the Lord, to inquire in his temple. For in the time of trouble he shall hide me in his pavilion. In the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me. He shall set me upon a rock. And now shall my head be lifted up above mine enemies. Round about me. Therefore will I offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of joy. I will sing. Yay. I will sing praises unto the Lord. Amen. Isn't that wonderful? I've always loved that scripture because it is there giving us a very clear picture of the condition we should be in. Amen. If we're not in that position, that condition, he's already promised that he will put us there. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Heavenly Father, we just ask you this morning, bless each and everyone, Lord, that's here. Lord, ask you to be with those who are not here today, their circumstance. Father, you know, a guiding hand upon each one of us. Father, may questions be answered. May our hearts be encouraged. May doubts and fears flee in the presence of your word. Lord, we thank you for your kindness and your goodness to us. And Lord, we long, Father, to just come to the place that our first thought, our first reaction, our first action is to always trust you. Amen. Lord, we thank you for this opportunity today, this privilege to come in the house of God, Lord, to worship you, sing praises, listen to your word, and receive your word. We ask this now in your precious name. Amen. You may be seated, saints. As we look through this scripture, we know that there was a time, a season that David must have had every doubt and fear that that we do. He must have wondered um how could I've got so far out of the will of God. How how could u conditions of everything be in such a place? But yet the Lord comes so faithful to David reminding him and stirring up his heart for you know he's the one who created that heart as we sang the song. I sure appreciated that. Amen. And so it's there that him knowing our hearts intimately he knows exactly how to encourage and bring his word to us that would cause us to come into that correct position. Amen. You know, I I remember one time hearing a man say, "You know, the times and the seasons, the reason your s dial doesn't work is because you've kept it in the dark." And so, we have to have it out in the light for it to speak to us or to to bring about the answer. Now, in the uh message uh let your shine light shine so shine before men. I'll get that out. Um, want to just read these words right here because I think that uh uh these are good. Uh, this is really sets the pace or the tone of what I'd like to speak this morning. And it says, "Now, for just these few minutes, I just want don't want to get up here to just be seen or to be heard. That wouldn't be right. But maybe God helping me, maybe we could speak some words to something that'll edify to us, that'll help us all how that we would do better and live a better life. I'm sure that's what we all are here for is to take correction and get an understanding of what we can do to make us better Christian. If you have one thing, if I have one thing in my life that I desire is to be a better Christian than I am, can we say amen to that? And I'm sure that that's the heart's cry of every soul that's here tonight is to be a better Christian. And as we'll look at this, my brother and sister, this is not just an aspect of uh I I attended more faithful, I I gave more, I did all these things, but literally it is the expression of Christ in us. Amen. It changing us that our flesh is no longer in control, but the Holy Spirit then is guiding us. A better Christian to be Christlike. My brother and sister, you can look, we can defend behaviors if we want to. There was a time that Jesus braided a cord. Some people would say, "Well, I have a right to be angry." Well, my brother and sister, the very nature of the word that comes and the ministry of this hour was that love is the capstone. Amen. Without love at the capstone, we can justify a lot of things. But when we have Christ's love, that we as sinners and he loved us. Amen. My that should never be far from our memory. That should never be far from our thoughts. And as we look at this, we'll realize that here we are today. Sometimes uh church service, uh God deals in correction to us. And sometimes he's just giving us a better view of himself, revelation, opening the word to us that we can see. And you know, if we are here for any other purpose than to be corrected and to be encouraged, we need to stop really and and study what is our objective. If we come in the house of God just to learn more, my brother and sister, our our learning, our education might not do us one bit of good if it's not applied correctly. But if we come in the right spirit, the right attitude, we come with the right desire today, then the Lord will magnify those traits or that seed that he's already placed in your life, he will magnify that. And we can leave as it has been said many many times, uh we will either leave a better or worse person because there's no such thing as just staying the same. We we have to come closer to him or we will grow distant to him. I believe that we're here today. The desire that we have and I believe we can express is the fact that we want to come closer to our Lord Jesus every single day of our life. And certainly it's Satan's goal to put the wedge or to keep you from coming closer. And he will use all kinds of things. And the scripture says if our hearts condemn us not and that's Satan's business right there is just to be one a dispenser of condemnation. He's coming to just continually leave things there in our life that are worrisome. They're bothersome. They are a a a pull on our energy, spiritual energy, if you'd put it that way. Always drawing on that, trying to keep it down uh to where we never really have confidence because the word says that you ask anything in my name. Well, if you don't have confidence to ask, Amen. Then there's a lot of promises that you will miss. Things that you'll never take complete control of, never overcome if your heart's always condemning you. That's right. So you see, Satan doesn't have to cause us. You say, "Well, brother Paul, what will it be that maybe we would be condemned over?" Well, I've known people that lived lives before they were saved that were just I don't know the right word. I want to use the right word. Very far out there. They were just almost everything that you can think of. They don't even like to give their testimony because it it just goes out there so far. and they've got saved, been washed in the blood of Jesus Christ, been living a godly life. And as the song that we sing, submidnight hour, if you should find, you're in a prison in your mind. And then Satan draws these things out. Now, remember, as far as God's concerned, it's under the blood and it doesn't exist. But Satan, he got a glimpse of what it was. And so he gets to reach in there and pull these things out and dangle that before the people. And if they don't have uh the ability, I I I don't know that that's the right word, but if they don't have that to to just say simply, Satan, I put it under the blood. If there's any doubt that they've been forgiven, Satan draws that out as condemnation. And they get up in the morning and they're tired and they're worried and they're stressed out and and they wonder. They come to the house of God and they can't quite find liberty and worship because these things are still lingering in the back of their mind and Satan just keeps anointing that. But my brother and sister, there comes to a place that we have to stand up and say the one thing that I desire more than any is to dwell in the house of the Lord forever. And I am dwelling there and I am going in there under the blood and then you come victory. You can walk and those things. Yes. That was the old me. But the old me does not even exist any longer. Can someone say amen to that? Amen. The old me is gone. I am a new creature in Christ Jesus. And the thing that I desire is to serve God faithfully each and every day. There is actually no beginning of your Christian experience. You realize as a son or daughter of God, you were in him before the foundation of the world. So that is a period of time that you being in that form come and Satan had his opportunity. But God said there's a season of the manifestation of sons and daughters of God that I'm going to bring them out. And we say, "Oh, this is when I got saved." Well, my brother and sister, you look at the word carefully. You were saved from before the foundation of the world. This is an earthly expression of Christ's salvation, the blood of Jesus Christ in your life. And so you look at that and realize, you know what? I always was a son of God, daughter of God. I always will be a son or daughter of God. There's no beginning and there's no ending because you were either always an eternal creature or you never was an eternal creature. There's no such thing as I came and became an eternal creature in Christ Jesus by coming to an altar or saying the sinner's prayer. But to realize you were in the mind of Christ from the very beginning. And I tell you, God knows what he's doing. Amen. When you take, you know, testimony, when you see beyond the curtain of time, you know, and here's this beautiful young lady. She's coming up there and, you know, Brother Brown don't know who she is. He he doesn't recognize Holy Spirit speak to him and says, "You led her to the Lord in her 90s." Now, you would think God would if she was going to be saved, why didn't God save her all the way back here at 20 years old because he's got a plan and his plan is coming to pass. Was that a mistake? No, my brother and sister. It goes to show that no habit, no nature, no nothing can stop you if you're a son or daughter of God from being saved. And so in that we stand here on the word. No other position, not my feeling, not my emotion, not my education, but we stand on the word because the word is infallible. Men will make mistakes. Men will come short, but God's word is infallible. Amen. So we look at that. I say, I want to be a better Christian this morning. I'm not going to come and rest on laurels and say, well, praise God, I got saved at this point. I've been serving God. I've been doing all of this, but today I will express from my heart, from my mouth, Lord, I desire to be a better Christian. Amen. Many people desire a sign. We see in the in churches today, everything is about a sign. There has to be some indication, some vindication. There has to be something that would would prove to them. But my brother and sister, remember, if God said it, it will come to pass. Amen. Do you need a sign on what God has already confirmed? Amen. We don't have to have some sign here and there. You know, we can get all carried away with th these things. You know, I I was driving along and I saw this and I saw that and you know, that's wonderful, my brother and sister, but just because the light shone through the windshield of your car and turn that little cross hanging from your your rearview mirror into multicolors, uh, you know, that doesn't mean that you are saved. That doesn't mean you have the Holy Ghost. That doesn't mean much of anything. And yet God could use something if you've been praying or desiring in the right need or the right circumstance and it could speak to your heart. So we're not doing away with that. But you see if the Lord said it, that's really the sign that we want today. Amen. To find ourselves in the word of God. God said it and I believe it. And the sign is that I am here as a son or daughter of God believing the word. There's the sign that we need in this day cuz many signs can be impersonated. Many things can come and and represented. But my brother and sister, the word living in you is God's representation on the earth today. Amen. He doesn't need a sign here and a sign there. What he wants is the sign to be in our soul today guiding us. Amen. So if they promised a sign, there'll be a sign. That's one thing that we know. If he said there'll be a sign, there will be a sign. Amen. But you know, the world we live in, Satan's figured out. If I can just distract the people, they won't even notice what I'm doing. They won't even see what I'm doing. And so, we have a lot of lot of distraction in this age. I mean, there's you can name it. There's so there's so many. We could spend the rest of this time this morning naming the distraction. So, if we're not paying attention, we might miss a sign that's right before us. God speaking, dealing with us right right in front of us. Amen. So, you know what? You're going to look for a sign. Look for God's revealed word in your life. You'll find there's a sign of him, the Holy Spirit moving in your life each and every day. The prophet of God says that whenever the Holy Spirit lays something on your heart, act on it. Amen. Don't put it off for another day. act on it right now. Amen. And you'll realize that there's more signs in your life than you realize. God doing more in your life than you realize. Let's not be a distracted people. Amen. Now, here in this the word become flesh. Now, Christianity has been represented to you in the form of doctrine. We can say amen to that. Here it is. You're a Christian. You believe this in pamphlets and in Bible, which I am for it 100%. God help those missionaries that go there to live there. Yes, sir. But I said it's not fully been represented to you. See, it's been represented to you in word only. That's right. I want you to stop and think about that. You can take a Bible and you can give this Bible to someone and say, "This is the word of God." But without revelation, they can read every word inside these covers and it not change their life one bit. That's right. Most read book on earth they claim. And yet does it have the most reaction amongst the people by populist? No, sir. There's books that I won't dare to even mention that are coming close to outselling the Bible. And there are books that talk about nothing but sin and debauchery. That's right. So, it's not just a matter. It's not just a matter that you have a Bible. It's not been fully represented to you. See, it's been represented to you in word only. But the God that wrote that word that you already got placed in your heart has now come to a place till he's going to make the word live. See, make himself in the word. That's right. Is that fully understandable? Amen. He's taking this and it's not no longer just a book sitting on a shelf in our house. We might respect it, keep the dust off of it, even read it, do all of these things, but my brother and sister, it can just be words. But when he himself comes and makes this living in you and I, it is lifechanging. We don't have to say, "Oh, it's so hard to serve God." No, you got to get to the point. He's living in the word in you. Amen. And when he's living in the word in you, it suddenly takes it and casts every care on him. Amen. It puts it on him where we don't have to bear the burden. We don't have to try to overcome. We don't have to do these things. Yes, we have things in our lives that that were little habits, you might say, that you need to overcome. I saw this little thing. It it really actually kind of chastised me a little bit. I have a bad habit just it stuck with me for years and it seems like I overcome it and then it comes back and you know and it's here it is the dad who tells his little boy now son I don't want you to ever use the word stupid in public and then it flips over and a car cuts the man off and he says that's stupid driver you see how easy Sister Jerry's grinning because it's a word I have to keep just just crimping down on not using that word. But you see, God knows. And you think he's just going to say, "It's okay if you do that, Paul." No. He's going to continue to correct, to encourage, to strengthen, to manifest because he cares. There's not a portion of our life we don't get a uh uh you know pass uh uh go collect the 200. We don't we don't get uh you know that however that old monopoly phrase was. We don't we don't get one of those. We don't get a dozen of those. We don't get a thousand of those. God said he was going to bring you and I into perfection. And God's idea of perfection is not just close. It's right on the point. It's right there. And I say this. You say, "Brother Paul, okay, that's good. That's wonderful." No, I'm expressing to you and trying to break using everybody else for an example. I'm expressing to you that God cares and I desire to be what God cares about. Amen. Because it's only the word of God in you that can bring you to the place that the word is more important than anything else in your life. And when we come to that point, as we're growing into that, we'll find that we are here and the word starts to live. People say, "We're not really seeing anything supernatural taking place. We're not seeing, you know, young people of this day that are overcoming. We don't see this. We don't see that." My brother and sister, I'm sorry. I see it. Even if it would be our young people just one little step at a time coming closer to the Lord, it's supernatural in my eyes. It's supernatural to see us break a barrier uh something that hindered our life and it might have been there 20 30 40 years and suddenly we realize God has delivered us from that. My brother and sister that is supernatural because Satan just needs one little thing. If taking and adding or subtracting one word breaks the word of God then Satan doesn't need to have a thousand to keep you out of the word. He just needs one. And we have to come to the place that our desire is to be his desire to live the word that it would come forth from us. Not forced. Not forced. We were joking about this the other day. You know, you get on an airplane, you have to scan everyone on the airplane before you watch the movie cuz you don't want someone coming up and patting on the shoulder, good to see you, brother. Oh, some of you relate. Nothing like having your children say, "Oh, it's no problem. We have Netflix." The parents are over there like our children. Spend more time teaching your kids not to say you have Netflix than you do teaching them the word of God. Amen. You see, that's a forced Christianity. That's a forced reaction to the word. But I tell you what God's doing. God's putting a desire in a people that says that's nothing more than Satan's distraction. That's right. Oh, I don't think there's probably any one of us here today that's exempt from these kind of distractions. And I wouldn't say that all of them are are what you would say evil. But I'm telling you, let's not focus on the good or the evil. Let's just focus on whether it's a distraction or not. And Satan wants to offer up the distraction. I'll let God deal with you whether you should have Netflix or not. Amen. So, you know, it's there that you take that position. Is it drawing you closer to the Lord or is it drawing you away? And remember, every heartbeat you have is one heartbeat closer to your last one. That's right. And Satan just wants to get us to the point that our spiritual heartbeat is getting closer to the last one. Is everybody okay with that? Yes. Amen. You see, a living word when it's made known to you and I. Now, I believe every one of us sitting here would say, you know what, there's been times God has absolutely revealed himself to me, absolutely spoke through the scripture to me. Absolutely opened my eyes to see. So, we would say the word has been made living in our presence. And so when it's made known in our hearts, in our lives, you know, to make the word live, he had to come down and live in the revealed word. Yes. Now, it sounds like just a little word phrase, but it it's as I said earlier, it's actually deeper than we give it credit for because you can read your Bible. It mean nothing. Not change your life at all. Amen. In fact, I just read a little article. a a certain group of churches has decided that the Ten Commandments are not even relevant in their religion any longer. If you throw the Ten Commandments out, you might as well throw the Bible out. So, it won't be long before the churches will be saying the Bible's not relevant to us. In fact, there's some that are already borderline to that. So when the Bible's no longer important, it won't matter that the God of the word is in his word because they won't have his word in their homes, in their churches, in their lives. And so you realize just how clever Satan is. Amen. So to have a living word, Christ had to come down into the word and make it live. So he's living in the revealed word. In other words, you can't have a revelation of the word of God without having God himself, Christ Jesus. Amen. So, it becomes a word jumble. We're not interested in word jumbles. We're interested in lifechanging word of God in our life. Amen. So, it's there, you know, it's interesting. Now, this was shared to me some time back. brother were making a point to me and he said, "Brother Paul, you need to look at the church as a living entity. It breathes in and people come into the church. It breathes out, people leave the church. Maybe not to go to the world, maybe their job, family reasons, they move away and then the church breathes in again and people come into the church. It's a living organism, living, breathing in and out." My brother and sister, the word of God, revelation, God breathing into you a closer understanding, a a deeper understanding of who you are. And sometimes when he's breathing out, we find ourselves wondering, Lord, I don't understand. There's things happening in my life. I don't see it. My children aren't all that enthused to be in the house of God. They're not enthused to be hearing the preaching of the word. In fact, I'll admit it. I'm not enthused. Oh Lord, why? But then he breathes back and my brother and sister we find ourselves in a desperation digging into the word and we say thank you Lord that you've come on this scene again. This is human nature. The hot and cold, the high, the low, the mountain top, the valley. You can go through a lot of analogy. But my brother and sister, it's the word in you that is the living entity. Amen. It's not like I was on fire. I was not. If we're in the word, the living entity should be in us. It shouldn't just be quotations. That's right. It should be living, breathing. Amen. And we can type that to Christ in you. Amen. Amen. You can't have a relationship with Jesus Christ and be cold, lukewarm. Amen. Formal. You can't. Don't fool yourself. Let's not fool ourselves. If we have Christ in us, my brother and sister, we are a living entity and the gospel is changing our life. It It's rejuvenating. It's drawing us closer. You say, "But we have battles, brother Paul, that we can't seem to overcome." I'll tell you something. Tell Oh, thank God. Absolutely. Thank the Lord you have battles in your life because if you was not a son or daughter of God, then the devil wouldn't even need to conquer you because he would recognize you aren't even in the word of God. You're nothing. But my brother and sister, the greater the battle that you are facing, it shows just like Job that God knows in the end you will overcome that. In the end that you will rise in victory above that as an eagle comes. You'll catch a current one day and lift right up of the cares of this life. And God had enough confidence in you to let you be subjected to that battle. If he didn't have confidence in you, he would not have you in that position. So, we ought to stop right now. I don't know what you're facing today, but we maybe ought to lift a hand and say, "Thank you, Lord, that you love me and care for me just like you loved and cared for Job." Because in the end, Job was not the victor. It was God in Job that was the victor. Cuz we see Job righteous, righteous right up to the point that his very behavior was starting to become unrighteous, impatient, jealous, vindictive. And God said, "Okay, Job, I'm going to burn that out of you." that one day Job wakes up and says, "Oh my, oh my, these are my words. What have I been doing? What have I been saying? What an attitude I have. God forgive me." Yeah. Yep. Amen. And in that point right there, God bless Job to a position Job would have never reached on his own. That's right. And we sit here today, we have troubles in our lives, in our families, with our children, in our finances, all these aspects of this. And we ought to stop and say, "Thank you, Lord, that you would have enough confidence in me that you would allow me to be tested and tried and run through the fire because you see something in me I don't even see in me. And you will bring me, as the scripture says, to an expected end." Amen. God's expected end is not casting us into outer darkness. Amen. Our expected end is to hear the words, "Well done, my good and faithful servant." Amen. We can read the church ages. We can read the seals and all of this is good. But how much more glorious, my brother and sister, when that word is living and breathing in you. That's why that's got to be when you have come to the place that you know you are the word and I sit here today. I desire that in every day of my life, every aspect of my life, every circumstance of my life, I want to be able to say, Lord, this flesh might have just failed you, but I know my redeemer liveth. I know I'm victorious. I know I'm an overcomer in Christ Jesus. You see, that's when the word starts to breathe. Amen. Is when no matter what battle you have faced and circumstance you have faced, when you know Christ is in you. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. You know, a brother one time asked a group of people he was speaking to. It was a I think a Saturday evening or something. They had a whiteboard or screen or something and he asked him, "I I want to know. I want to know in this informal environment how you know you have the Holy Ghost. And the people were quite interactive and they start writing these things. And he says, "Is it okay? Can I have permission to debunk every one of your statements? Imagine somebody just told you, "I'm going to debunk your very reason you believe you have the Holy Ghost." Makes me nervous, man. Maybe what I offered up was too carnal sounding, too shallow. But the point he was making, he had saved a little margin on the bottom. And he says, "Now, I'm going to write something here that's going to be too simple for most of you to accept because the word says so." It has as much validity as I spoke in tongues. Much validity as I was a drunk and now I'm no longer. It has as much validity as anything. But he says the foundation of it is the word. Amen. The foundation of it is is not how I felt, what I thought, what I saw, all of these things. The foundation is the word says. So, amen. That's our desire is the word of God. Yeah, if you follow the headlines at all in the religious world, and I won't go into them, my brother and sister, but we find men that had religious reputations that were so incredible, huge followings. And they're falling. Yeah. Amen. Not just one or two, they're falling by the dozens. Amen. All around the world. Amen. Falling. Falling. falling. You know the only thing that will keep you and I from falling the word. Everything else can fall, but God's word cannot fall. It cannot fail. And there's the point that we say that we want to be at, we desire to be at. This is where I want to be. I want to be the word living. Not a dead word, not a word that we just quote and walk away, but a word that is vibrant inside of us. We can feel the pulsation of the word of God in our lives. We would say that's the Holy Ghost. That's the very life of Christ is in us. But it had to come out of the written page into a living word that was deposited in you and I. And it's lifechanging. Amen. When a man ever once meets Christ on that ground, he will never be able to walk away. That's right. Because that's who he has become. Right. and has become him. Amen. Amen. Now, sorry, get excited. I'm losing my thought here. Chapter one, the revelation of Jesus Christ. Now, don't let anyone be misled by what I have said and think that I do not believe in the accuracy of the word as we now have it. I believe this Bible is accurate. Jesus completely authenticated the Old Testament when here on earth and it was compiled exactly as was our New Testament. Make no mistake about it. We have the infallible word of God today. No man dares to take from it or add to it. But we need the same spirit that gave it to teach us. Amen. Because if we approach this as a theologian, it won't work. I will hide it from the wise and the prudent. Amen. So, an intellectual, it won't work. You're falling into the wise and prudent. Amen. But he says in the word that I'm going to reveal it unto babes. Now, that's not talking about a a little two-year-old suddenly going to have a great revelation. He's talking about people who are babes in the word. They didn't come with an idea. They didn't come with a a a theological understanding, an explanation of it. But God come down, revealed himself, and desired to reveal himself to them. And they desired for it to be revealed to them. You see, you got to want to learn. I say this jokingly, and I certainly hope no kids take this serious, but I only passed English in high school because a teacher was tired of dealing with me. God doesn't have the same program. We're not going to make the rapture because God was just simply tired of dealing with us and wanted to just move us along. Now, you know, it probably is obvious if you listen to my English that I didn't do well in English. As a brother jokingly in South America said to me one time, "Brother Paul, is English your second language? It may as well be. But I tell you what, I know what words can do. Words can heal or they can wound. That's right. They can lift up or they can push down. They can draw to or push away. Exactly right. We know what words can do. You guys are smart. Amen. You know what words can do. Now, when you think about natural words, right? You can crush someone by your words. That's right. Amen. And the word of God word y words says come here. Come up a little higher. Amen. Come into my presence. That's right. Listen with your heart. That's right. Not your ears. That's it. Take the word. You wonder. Why don't you try it? Yeah, we were with brother Persant, sister Aona down in in California here recently and they took us down to the warf and you know I I thought this this man I don't know if he was the owner or just worked there or something but he was a good salesman. Sister Conc looking at some chocolates there and and he's just like here have one try it. Well, I'll tell you what. He had won all of us over with just one bite in the natural. Sure. Amen. You want to see the goodness of God? Try it. Amen. If you come, come and see. That's right. Thank you, brother David. I couldn't quite get that to click in my head. Come and see. That's right. Amen. Because if you ever come into his presence of the living word, you can never go back. There is just no way you can go back. Oh, you know, I tell you what won me over was a chocolatecovered Oreo. My last thing on earth I should have been eating, but the man comes and says, "Just take a bite out of this. My I took a bite. I'm one." Sister Jerry would only let me buy one more. But otherwise, I'd be How many are in that case? How many are there? But you see, my brother and sister, it will never take a bite. We'll never know how good it is. Amen. And that's what the word is doing to you and I. The scripture says that we come and we took a bite and it was sweet in our mouth but bitter in our belly. And some people the only thing they remember about the gospel, it was bitter in their belly. That's it. But some they come back and say, "I have to have another bite and another bite and another bite and another bite." And some say, "I tried that church thing." That's it. You tried a church thing. You never come to a living word. You never come to Christ in his word in you. You just came to a church, to a religion, to a following. And what we got to do is come to a living word that is vibrant. so vibrant that it causes you. It causes you. I I just have a very poor analogy, but back in my days of of riding in the desert before you ever got on the bike, it's just warming up. I would get an adrenaline rush that my hands would shake and that was just at the thought of riding the bike. Lord, help us to come to that place as we come in the house of God that we would just have a vibration as it were. We'd have such an excitement. We'd have such a thrill that we would be just so ready and we would be there to come at the opening of the doors because there's a living God inside there. And I so desire to be in his presence. I'm excited to be in the house of God. Amen. But look what Satan's done to every one of us. Our flesh is weaker than ever. I was just talking with a man the other day. He was telling me about his grandfather, what his grandfather used to do for work and what his father did for work. And this guy was in good good health, very good health and good fitness. And he's like, I can't even fathom doing what they did. And then he blew me away. He said, we're just so much weaker now than they were. Take it from the physical into the spiritual element. My Lord, I desire to have your strength. Yeah. I desire to have your spirit, have your courage. I desire that when I am sick to be able to stand up with confidence and say, "I'm healed in the name of Jesus Christ." When my life is in the bottom of a valley somewhere, give me the strength, Lord, to say, "I have the same God, the same experience as I had on top of that mountain. Is God with me here in the valley?" Amen. Amen. no matter what our circumstance is to come to the place that we desire to claim the goodness of God above all other exper experience or condition. Amen. But we need the same spirit that gave it to teach it to us. Oh, how we need revelation by the spirit. We don't need a new Bible. We need a new trans uh uh we don't need a new translation though some are very good and I'm not against them but we need the revelation of the spirit. Amen. This is what we really need. We don't let me put it this way. We don't need a bunch of new doctrines. Amen. We don't need to come with a new something that we've pulled out of it and said now you got to line up with this here. We don't need that. What we need is the spirit of the revelation of the spirit. Amen. And thank God we can have what we need for God wants to reveal his word to us by his spirit. Amen. And we know he wants to reveal the word by his spirit more than we even want it. More than we even search for it. He wants to give it to you and I make it real in our lives. Amen. May God begin by his spirit to give us continuous life giving and prevailing revelation. Oh, if the church could only get a fresh revelation and become by it the living word manifested, we would do the greater works and glorify God our father in heaven. Amen. Can I read that again? If the church could only get a fresh revelation and become by it the living word manifested. It's possible for you and I to become the living word in this age. We don't just need a cloak of religion. We need a living, vibrating, vibrant word living inside of our souls. Something that serves us, moves us in a time of sorrow, moves us in a time of travail, moves us in a time of our weakness, moves us in the greatest challenges of life back to the word. Where's my answer? The word. Where's my life? The word. Where's my strength? The word. Where's my peace? The word. Amen. not out here and trusting in this book over here and this book over there, not trusting in this great movement. My brother and sister, I tell you, it's so sorry to say this so strongly, but in the world of religion is nothing more than using religion or the Bible to produce cash for their own good. That's exactly right. That ought to be the last thing we think about. That's it. Amen. The word of God deals with those things. Just get the people to believe the simple word. You don't have to have this phony for $5,000. I'll pray a prayer of deliverance for you. Amen. If they're a minister of the gospel, that's their job. Amen. There shouldn't be anything about how much money would be attached to it. It should be that they would be such sold out servants of God that if there was nothing but crackers and branchwater, they would still stand there and labor for the people. Amen. The word actually calls them hierlings. I don't know why I said that, but that's the truth. Amen. Jumping back up in this, but we need the same spirit that gave it to teach it to us. Amen. Don't need another man coming and saying, "I got a greater revelation than the Apostle Paul." Do we have might as well address this? Do we have greater revelation? The Apostle Paul tricky, isn't it? We won't go to into it today, but what does the Bible say that they without us That's right. That's right. That's right. God unfolding his word, opening it up. He's opened up more in each age, each time coming to the passing of time. Without being arrogant, without being heady, without being highminded, without being boasters, we can say this is the age. This is the season when the full manifestation of the mystery of God has been revealed. So yes, we could say we actually have more than the Apostle Paul, but he is the foundation of what we do have. And you pull the foundation out, there's nothing. That's right. Amen. So the fact that God has added to and opened and showed us, my brother and sister, we can't say, "Well, the Apostle Paul's no longer an anchor point for our He is because the word said." That's right. The word said he was. Right. Absolutely right. But we're not under that. We are We are not less. And part of it is because there had to be a people that would live the word the Apostle Paul spoke. Amen. Amen. That's right. I desire to be that person that's living the word the Apostle Paul spoke. Amen. To be living in this wicked age that we live in. My goodness. I just read an article, my brother and sister, about how that there's pressure now under this new presidency to to push back on what is allowable for children. Do you know, I won't have the dates right, but do you know what is allowable for children right now? Oh, what was that 26 years ago or something like that they said was classified as pornography? That's exactly right. Now it's open for kids, little kids, 5y olds, 7, 10, 12. Tell me this isn't a more wicked age. Tell me this is not an age that is filling up with the spirit of Sodom. Tell me that it's it's, you know, it's just horrible. And and the problem is, see, we've been so immersed in the atmosphere of this age, of these times, that we become numb to it. And that's exactly what Satan wants. He doesn't need to get you out of the church. He doesn't make you dress uh immoral and act immoral and do all this immoral. He just numbs us. Now, a few people can handle having a tooth pulled without it being numbed. But we'd be brushing our teeth. If we ever felt that pain when we were about 5 years old, no one would ever have to say to you ever again, "Brush your teeth." It would be like, "I want to keep all my teeth, and I don't want to experience that. I'll take good care." But you see, we become numbed to the Hershey bar before bed. We become numb to this. We come numb to that. Amen. Preach it. My own children and half the children in the church here. You know, water is such an incredible drink. It's a foundation of everything. Amen. But Pepsi tastes better. Yeah. Does it really? The truth of it is none of them. Dr. Pepper. Yeah. They don't really taste better cuz I'll guarantee you. Oh my. Let's go into a nostalgic moment. If you drank a Dr. Pepper from the 60s and drank a Dr. Pepper from 2025, you'd realize how they have fooled you. They don't even taste the same. You had the gospel from the 60s and the gospel. Now, you'd realize how we've been fooled cuz little substitute this, little substitute of that, add a little of this. Oh, now it tastes the same. Just go to a plant and watch how they make high fructose corn syrup and you'd never touch another thing that had high fructose corn syrup again in your life. It's this gooey syrup that you can actually glue boards together with. Yeah. And that's what you love so much. You know why churches get big? because they got a lot of syrup in there to glue the whole program together. Nothing wrong with a big church if they preach the pure word. Amen. If their desire is to Christ and Christ alone, it's okay. Let me go on. We can just touch on this real quick. Second Corinthians. Now, look at this. Do we commend ourselves? Oh, I'm such a Christian. Do we need we as some others epistles of commenation to you or letters of commenation from you? No. You see, God is the one who gives the commenation. Ye are our epistle written in our hearts, known and read of all men. For as much as ye are manifestly declared to be the epistle of Christ, ministered by us. See, Paul's a pretty bold man. He'd never make it in this day. You imagine? You'd want to clean out a big church, you know, just have the Apostle Paul come, man. He would clean out a church. They wouldn't even be able to pay their mortgage because there wouldn't be enough people left that wanted to hear the word preached like that. That's right. Amen. You'd been declared to be an epistle of Christ, ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the spirit of the living God. That's what I desire. That's it. The spirit of the living God. Not not just to hear words that make me feel good, but the spirit of the living God and not on tables of stone. Here we have this. Now, this I hope this don't go over wrong. I hope you don't misunderstand me. Amen. I'll tell you cuz taking what Paul said, I don't even want it written just right here, saints. It's got to be written right here. Amen. I can quote it from here. Can I quote it from here? And I'm not talking about quoting words. I'm talking about the spirit, the revelation of a living God needs to be written right here. You know what? If we come now, I I I I don't want to get into this. There's so many varied opinions, but you know what? If they went across the earth and destroyed every single Bible there was, maybe you might hide one in a rock backyard or something, but you know, Bibles are gone, illegal. Would we cease to be Christians? No. In fact, I believe we would in a desperation get so much more serious. Amen. You know, in countries, communist countries years ago, our brother Ivan, sister Olga, Brother Vicilei, Brother Ivan, Sister Nadia, Sister Nadia is too young. Praise God. Do you know they used to pack pages of the Bible around because if they were caught with the Bible, they were thrown in prison and sometimes very hideous conditions. But imagine you desired the word of God so much that you read this single page front and back for so long you could quote it word for word. But the amazing thing about it because we have them in our midst and we saw it is it transferred off the page not to some cells in the brain but to some cells in the heart and it become such a living word to them that they took such risks. I wish we had recorded all that. Sister Olga wrote it down. All those all those stories, all those things, the miraculous. Yeah. Amen. Being chased with tracking dogs and God allowing those dogs to become deceived in their smell and wander off down another trail. These kind of things, not, oh, praise God, it's so easy to go to church, especially when we're having a potluck. Let it be real word of God vibrating in our soul. This is what I live for. This is what I will die for if necessary. Let me close here. Amen. See, we've been declared and touched with the spirit of the living God, not on the stone, but on the table of the heart. Amen. And such trust have we through Christ to God word, not that we are sufficient of ourselves to think anything as of ourselves, but our sufficiency is of God. Amen. Amen. You know, it's nice. God's blessed us. We have many, many material things that make our life easier. But my brother and sister, I desire more and more as time is going on, a sufficiency that comes from the Lord, not from what an investment or what what you have over here. What none of those things that that can go away tomorrow. Amen. Amen. Not to talk politics, but my brother and sister, you see how easy it is in the whole world, not just here in the United States, not North America, the whole world, economies, can go to bed, everybody's happy, wake up, and it's a disaster. Amen. But God, having written it on the table, fleshly table of your heart. You go to bed happy, the world's falling apart, you get up in the morning, you're happy. Christ is my sufficiency. Hallelujah. Amen. Sister Sarah, would you come? You know, they say in the military world that a strong defense starts with a strong offense. Right? You see, if the enemy is already in your camp, it's much harder. Amen. Let's dig in. Let's have a strong offense. Let's put up the barrier of Christ in you between you and the devil. It'll be a lot easier than it will be trying to get our children back out. Reminds me this just carnal thing. This family in Texas was interviewed. They they're quite wealthy. But their neighbors all question. and they moved out of their big mansion in the city and moved to the country and bought a more modest home with a bunch of acres and and uh bought some cattle and bought horses for their kids and were driving their kids to this horse event and that horse event. And they set rules that their children needed to get up at 5 in the morning and take care of all of their animals. And if they didn't get it done, they would miss that day of school and you have troubles there. And the kids instead of rebelling, they was like, "I love my horse. I love my horses. They got up at 5 in the morning. They did their chores. They did what they were supposed to do. They got to the breakfast table. And people were saying, "You're too hard on your children. You should let them have it easier. This is not the old days." And the woman got a deal one day. She's the one that was writing about this. Her husband right there with her. She wrote, she says, "I will spend an unlimited amount of money on my children today to not spend it on rehab tomorrow. But you'll spend it. Come on, saints. That's it. We're going to spend time. Let the desire that Christ placed in you. Amen. Come to the forefront. Take the word. Eat the book. Amen. Amen. Cuz let me put it this way. You're going to eat some book. That's right. Just choose which book you want to eat. You're going to eat a book. Amen. Let's stand. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. 365. Brother Isaac. Amen. [Music] This is my desire to honor you. Lord with all my heart I worship [Music] you. All I have within me I give you praise. All that I adore is in you. Just worship the Lord. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I wait. Oh, have your way with me. [Music] This is my desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. [Music] All I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you, Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. [Music] I live for you alone. Every step that I forsake, every moment I'm away. Have your way with me. Amen. Hallelujah. Can we say amen? Amen. 953. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you saints. I trust today a little something might have touched your heart. Amen. [Music] Great are you, Lord. [Music] How great is your mercy? How great are the things that you have done for me. How great are you Lord? How your [Music] kindness is milling my heart as I sing. How great are you, Lord, great is your love. Joy reaches to the heaven. How great is the heart as sought and rescued me. How great is the Lord. How great is your mercy? [Music] How great are the things that you have done for me. How great are you, [Music] Lord, loving kind. [Music] It's filling my heart as I sing. How great are you, Lord? How great is your love? It reaches to the heaven. How great is a heart that sought and rescued [Music] me. How great are you? How great is your mercy? [Music] How great are the things that you have done for me. How great are you, Lord? Your loving [Music] kindness is filling my heart as I sing. How great are you, [Music] Lord? Amen. Hallelujah. You know, Brother Paul has mentioned Tasting of the Goodness of God. It was a song that's been on my heart. Um, you know, he's so faithful. The words, if you can go to that, Ivan, the goodness of [Music] God. I love you, Lord. Your mercies never fail me. All my I've been held in your hands, you know. And then as the second verse, it goes on to say, you know, I love your voice. It's led me through the fire. Just had a situation this week and was praying about it and committed it to him. He's so faithful. So incredibly faithful. Amen. [Music] I love you Lord for your mercies never fail me. All my days I've been held in your hand. From moment that I wake up until I lay my hand, I'm going to sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I'm going to sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are there like no other. Known you as a father, known you as a friend. I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable, I'm going to sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest night. You went close like no other. Known you as a father. You as a friend. I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life. You have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am able I'm going to sing of the goodness of God. Amen. Amen. You know, the next the bridge, we don't ever sing it probably because I think I mess it up pretty good, but it says, uh, "With my life laid down, I surrender all. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after me." You believe that this morning? His word says it. Amen. Do you accept that this morning? Amen. We can run from it, but it's chasing us down. We can try and do whatever we want to do, but praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Just like to sing in closing. Um, another song that was on my heart was uh Oh, now I forgot what it was. So much to thank him [Music] for. Help me start this. When I look around and see the good things he's done for me, I know I'm unworthy of them all, but his blessings he freely gives I owe my whole life to him. I've got so much to thank him for. And I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me, I've got so much to thank him for. Oh, sometimes while on life's way, I knew and I stop and say, "Thank you, Lord. For all you've done for me." And one day I'll reach heaven shore. Oh, please let me kneel once more. I've got so much to thank him for, and I've got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. When I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. Oh, sing it again. Hallelujah. And I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. When I think of what he's done and where he has brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for and I've got so much to thank him for. so much. Praise him for you. See, he's been so good to me. When I think of what he's done and where he has brought me from, I've got so much to thank him [Music] for. Amen. Hallelujah. Before we dismiss, just give him a clap offering. Hallelujah. Lift your hands and say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Just dismissed this morning. God bless you. Go with you. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
