################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-03 - September 3, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett Revelation On Display - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-03
Title:    September 3, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett "Revelation On Display"
Speaker:  Paul Haylett
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 40m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uwpd0EATKQE
========================================

Description:
Bro Paul Haylett
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Why don't we sing that song? As the deer, as the deer penteth for the water, so my soul longeth after thee. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. You're my friend and you are my brother even though you are a king. I want you more than any other so much more than anything. For you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. And I want you more than gold or silver only you can sisfy. You alone are the real joygiver and the pole of my eye. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit ye. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you all. Good to see each one of you. I have brother Eric, sister Kylie. Is that right? God bless you. Good to have you with us. Let's um go to number 556. Sing that song. Redeemed. How I love to proclaim it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Redeemed, how I love to proclaim it. redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed through his infinite mercy. His child and forever I am redeemed. Redeemed. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. redeemed. [Music] Redeemed his child and forever I am. Redeemed and so happy in Jesus. No language my rapture can tell. I know that the light of his presence with me doth continually dwell. I'm redeemed. Redeemed. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed. Redeemed. his child and forever I am. I think of my blessed redeemer. I think of him all the day long. I sing for I cannot be silent. His love is the theme of my song. Redeemed. Redeemed. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed. Redeemed. His child. And forever I am. I know. I shall see in his beauty. The king in whose law I delight, [Music] who lovingly guardeth my footsteps, and giveth me songs in the night. Redeemed, redeemed, redeemed by the blood of the lamb. redeemed. [Music] Redeemed his child and forever I am. Amen. Let's go down to the key of uh of F. That's number 179. Oh, take up your cross and follow Jesus. Take up your cross every day. Oh, don't be ashamed to say that you know him. Count up the cost. Take up your cross and follow him. Oh, take up your cross and follow Jesus. Take up your cross each and every day. Don't be ashamed to say that you know him. Count up the cross. Take up your cross and follow him. One more time. Oh, take up your cross and follow Jesus. Take up your cross. Oh, every day. And don't be ashamed to say that you know him. Count up the cost. Take up your cross and follow him. Amen. Let's sing the song on the wings of a snow white dove. Number 415. Noah had drifted on the flood. Many days [Music] he searched for land in various ways. Trles he had some but not from above. God gave him his side on the wings of a dove. Oh, on the wings of a snowy dove, God sends his pure sweet love aside from above. On the wings of a dove, Jesus our savior came to earth one day. He was born in a stable in a manger of h though he rejected but not from above. God gave us his son on the wings of a dove. On the wings of a snow white dove, God sends his pure sweet love, a sign from above. on the wings of a dove. Though I have suffered in many a way. I cried for healing both night and day. Faith wasn't forgotten by the Father above. He gave me his son. On the wings of a dove. On the wings of a snowy dove. God sends his pure sweet love. A sign from above on the wings of a dove. Amen. number 863, key of D. And uh let's stand together for this one as we get ready to go to prayer. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. Oh, he put that reassur way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. I put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hands. [Music] So every road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his plan. [Music] I put my life in his hands. My father knows what I need. My father knows what I need. In everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. [Music] My father knows what I need. Let's sing this verse again. My father knows what I need. [Music] My father knows what I need. And everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need. Amen. We're going to go to prayer. Um if brother David could lead us in a word of prayer. Um, brother David Dean Hart. Um, let's remember Sister Dorcas for healing and for her daughter. Um, Sharon has a special need. Let's remember them in prayer. Sister April and just all of those out of town today. Um, Brother Pashan, Sister Kcha, and Baby Isaac. And, uh, also brother Gyrus and the group in uh, Roseburg, Oregon. Want to remember them in prayer. And sister Melody T with family on vacation. And uh I also have here, please remember my uh my in-laws traveling home today. They um having some car troubles. So we're just really praying God helps it all get worked out. So brother David, any unspoken requests by uplifted hands, let's bow our heads. Our precious heavenly father, it is a great joy to bring our needs before you. You knowing what we would ask. And now, Lord, by your grace and mercy, we can come to you, Lord, having no condemnation to know that what we ask of you, you'll grant it to us. We're so thankful, Lord, that we have a father that knows everything we need and can meet that need. And you've heard these requests tonight. May you in your divine purpose and providence meet every one of these needs. Them that had the car trouble, Lord, and our sister April overseas, Lord, our sister Dorcas and her her daughter Sharon, Lord, every one of these things, those on the road, oh God, our dear brother Pashant, sister Kcha, and that little baby Isaac. Lord, give them all strength. work your purpose in their lives. Your perfect will and desire be done. We ask it for your glory and give praise to you that we're able to attend here tonight to receive your word. Lord, for you said, "We shall know the truth, and the truth shall make us free." And we're so happy, Lord, to know truth in this hour, to be able to walk in the light of the hour, knowing it's leading us into a body change. We thank you for this in Jesus Christ's name and we give you praise believing that we have what we ask for. Amen. &gt;&gt; Seated. We'll just sing one more. There we go. We'll just sing one more song before we hand it over to brother Paul. Um, I sing I surrender all song. Just couldn't stop thinking about it. I was getting ready for service tonight. I think we sang it on Sunday, but it's a good song. Good confession. All to Jesus. I surrender. All to him. my freely give. I will ever love and trust him in his presence daily live. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed savior. I surrender all. All to Jesus I surrender. Humbly at his feet I bow. Worldly pleasures all forsen. Take me Jesus. Take me now. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior I surrender all. All to Jesus I surrender. May me save your holy thine. Let me feel the Holy Spirit. Truly know that thou art mine. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all. Oh all to Jesus I surrender. Lord I give myself to thee. Fill me with thy love and power. Let thy blessing fall on me. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed savior I surrender all and all to Jesus I surrender. Now I feel the sacred flame. Oh the joy of full salvation. Gloryy, gloryy to his name. I surrender all. I surrender all to thee my blessed savior I surren [Music] to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. I just want to uh give my personal greeting to brother Eric, sister Kylie. I I was kind of rehearsing this in my mind and I thought, you know, it's wonderful to see old friends, but I'm not sure that would come out quite right. So, it's wonderful to see friends that we've had for a long, long time. Amen. And u we sure appreciate them. Brother Eric, Sister Kylie, Sister Kylie is actually from Australia originally and she donated, I think I heard her say it this way once, she gave this portion of her life to be a Canadian and now she wanted to recapture uh her life as u being an Aussie. And so there you're living in Melbourne, right? Yes. And uh anyway, just wonderful to have you here with us and each and every one of you tonight. Amen. God bless you. &gt;&gt; And uh we just uh want the Lord to just speak to our hearts tonight. Um, we had a wonderful time uh in uh Salt Lake City to see our dear niece Beth uh graduate with honors as an RN and uh just a nice time to be together with family and uh I just really, you know, appreciated uh the effort that she, you know, had and she put forth her testimony that she maintained through school and the people that went to to school with her uh she interacted with, they just um a handful of them uh from different areas, but you know, you could see those that knew her just really really love and respected her and that was just encouraging that uh to see that that we can live our testimony. It might have affected my thought tonight. Uh God bless you. Uh we appreciate you and um wonderful beautiful song service. Um but I want to just speak to you for a few minutes tonight uh of revelation on display. Amen. And uh you know it seems like you know that's kind of like saying faith on display and is faith a tangible thing as though you could lay your hand on it or hold up something and say this is faith. And uh we just want to look at this in a positive light tonight uh of what God does and how he brings it about. And uh so let's just stand as we'll just go into the scripture tonight uh and uh turn in our Bibles to Matthew the 5th chapter verse 14-19. And uh I just love how the word gives such encouragement to us. Uh how that uh God ultimately while the word of God is a word of correction, we can look at this and realize ultimately what God is really desiring to do is to bring you and I to a place that we are just so certain of who we are. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That we just absolutely know. And it doesn't matter if the sun is shining or cloudy skies, whether there's trouble in the land, trouble in our lives, we can get up in the morning and say, "I know that I know that I'm a son or a daughter of God." And nothing Satan can do will separate us from the love of God. And that's that's one of the things that we have to catch. You know, we don't want to be just sunny day Christians. you know, when all is well, we can praise the Lord, but we want to get up in the in the hard times. And now, we don't want to, you know, cast a negative light, so we won't ask you to raise a hand, but you're human. I'm human. We have hard times. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We face challenges that set us back, discourage us, and sometimes we look at that and say, Lord, what is happening? But the truth of it is without those things molding our character, we would be as spoiled children. We would just expect God just to always be pouring blessings out on us and he wants to. But we have to have our character molded, right? The scripture, the prophets showed us clearly how that to have the authority and power of the word poured into us without character would bring a satanic result. And and we see that we see that in the world today, politics all over the world or these people who have great authority but no character. And then it just leads to trouble. Matthew 5:es 14-19. Ye are the light of the world. Can someone say amen? &gt;&gt; A city that is set on a hill cannot be hid. Neither do men light a candle and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick, and it giveth light unto all that are in the house. Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your father which is in heaven. Now, I just want to interject this because we won't touch on this again, but so often we almost act as though we're embarrassed of our good works. We We'll say, "Well, I don't mean to sound too spiritual. I don't mean to." No, my brother and sister, if God is in you doing a mighty work, Amen. We should be standing up and saying, "Thank you, Lord, for the mighty work that is happening in my life." We shouldn't be ashamed. We shouldn't be backing up and saying, "Well, I don't want to sound like I'm boastful or nothing." My brother and sister, if you're boasting in your flesh, that will be revealed. But if you are giving glory to God, that will be revealed. Amen. And we are sons and daughters of God. We're not here of our own. We're not boasting of our flesh. So, we can just lift a hand and say, "God's doing a mighty work in me." Amen. God is changing me. He's leading me, guiding me. Do I stumble? Yes. But he catches me when I fall. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. Think not that I am come to destroy the law or the prophets. I am not come to destroy but to fulfill. For verily I say unto you, till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tit shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled. Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so. &gt;&gt; Oh boy, that's that's a hard line right there. We break it and we teach people to break it shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven. But whosoever shall do and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven. You know, here again, I bl brought that maybe so I could just make this statement. I want to be recognized as someone great in the kingdom of heaven. Amen. I'm not ashamed tonight to bring that up and say I I'm looking for God to lead me, guide me, pour himself into me, that when he looks down, he says, "This is a great man in my kingdom." Amen. As we'll look down through the church ages and we'll see through Revelations 2 and three, it is that we could see the scripture telling us that there will be those that will be a pillar in the house of God. Any pillars here tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. I believe there is. Heavenly Father, we just ask you to bless this time together in the precious name of Jesus. We ask for your Holy Spirit to move in our midst tonight. Lord, speak to our hearts for you know what we need, Father. so much more than man. Lord, let you just speak to our hearts each one in the fashion what we need to hear the encouragement, the strength, the correction in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. Now, as we look at this tonight, we would see that the term revelation can be used pretty loosely, very broad. Amen. People will come uh uh around the message. I'm sure every uh religious movement had this, but we certainly see this around a message a lot. And people will come and say, "Well, the Lord has spoke to me and given me this revelation." Now, you know, I used to just kind of have almost a knee-jerk reaction and back up from that. But, you know, as time goes on, some of those revelations are just so far out they scare you. But some of those are personal. It's not for you and I to judge what God spoke to someone's heart. And when they might express that I just God gave me a revelation. What they're doing is saying that God come and revealed himself through his word through the prophet through whatever the reading of scripture through music through prayer. He revealed something to me. And and so we shouldn't be nervous when somebody starts to talk about revelation that has come to them. That revelation might be something that was revealed to you many years ago. Amen. So it's not as though like they must be immature even though they've been around the message. My brother and sister, every season brings forth a revelation and every revelation brings forth growth. Amen. So it's there that you will find that uh the term revelation can be used pretty loosely very broadly. Now my brother and sister the word revelation depending on which dictionary we've got so many of them in this day and age but it could be a divine supernatural disclosure. It could be an unknown fact revealed. It could be something that is divulged. And it also could be opinion. So we'll see how that it covers a very broad range to to see this. But as we are here tonight, we can look through the message and and we can see what God has uh been speaking to the bride of Christ through the ages, through the years, and we realize that each and every one of us, if we would stop and look back, take a an overview of our lives through the years, we would realize that we have had hundreds if not thousands of revelations ourself. Amen. Now, we're not trying to place that in a prophetic sense like Revelation coming to the prophet, but you'll find that as you have read your Bible and you've studied and you've prayed through the years, there are so many things that God has revealed to you and I that we often times just kind of say, "Wow, I I saw something I never saw before." Is this true? Amen. And so, you see that and realize that that really is a revelation. everything you see out of the word of God. Uh to the bride of Christ, not to the theologian, not to the intellectual, not to the borderline believer, but to the real bride of Christ. Everything that comes that opens our eyes and deepens our understanding is a revelation that comes from God. It should not be an intellectual revelation. It should be an intimate personal from God coming down to you and I. And it will be that kind of revelation that will actually uh mature the bride. Amen. Not that we went and studied. Some people say, "Well, you know, study the Greek and the Hebrew and those that are really good at uh uh uh um uh you know, languages, you know, that's that's well and good, but some of us aren't so good with languages. And it wouldn't do me good to spend my rest of my life trying to learn, you know, Greek and Hebrew and Aramaic. I I would just burn a lot of my life up and and not really have an answer to it. But my brother and sister, God promised to give supernatural disclosure to the bride of Jesus Christ. He said that the mysteries would be revealed. Amen. And we're living in the hour that he said the mysteries would be revealed. So don't be shocked when God wants to pour that into you. Don't get nervous that maybe I'm getting out of my position. You are here according to the word of God to receive the mystery of Jesus Christ. And I could just sum that up so simple tonight. What is the mystery of Jesus Christ tonight, my brother and sister? The mystery of Jesus Christ is actually contained in his bride. That's what the word come for. God didn't need to reveal himself to himself, but he was revealing his word that a bride would recognize she has a bridegroom. Amen. Now, let's think about the human element and everyone who's ever, you know, had a courtship and got married and, you know, it's I always like to hear those. I always like to hear the story. You know, what is it? Why did you marry that person? And and sometimes you take young people, they've known each other for years, maybe growing up together, and and you would think, "Oh, yeah, this is just my friend, you know, girl, friend, and it's there." But one day, there's a little something happens. I I just recount this to you. Uh there was a a young man that I actually knew before he got this far into his engagement and onto his marriage. And he asked me, he says, "Brother Paul," he says, "I I I love this girl." He said, "I I don't just like her. I I I love this girl, but but you know, I don't know how to catch her attention." And I said, "Well, I mean, what is it? Is there competition?" And he was pretty funny. He goes, "Yeah, my own cousin." And we're both pursuing the same girl. And I said, "Well, what are you doing to win her?" He said, "I don't know what to do to win her." And I said, "Well, let me just give you a little clue. Once you start it though, you need to try to maintain this." And I just laid some things out to him that were just natural. And and uh you know, we went back a year later, this actually in the country of Chile. And we went back a year later and he was engaged. And and he'd come up to me and he says, "Brother Paul, it works." Now, what was that great mystery? I said, "You've got to give her attention that she recognizes no one else is going to give her." And when I give that to him, I said, 'J just simple examples. I don't have the answers. But if you're at a fellowship and her glass is empty and you're going to refill yours, you could just say, "Hey, can I fill your glass for you?" "Oh, here, let me catch the door for you." "Oh, what?" You know, and do those little things because you're showing you care. Now, poor analogy. Maybe forgive me tonight. Can we lift a hand tonight and say, "God has showed us He cares." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Everywhere we go, everything we do in our lives, God is constantly showing you and I I care about you. I'm willing to come and be your comforter, your provider. I'm willing to be everything to you. I will bring you peace. I will bring all of this to you because I care. And so as God is moving through this, my brother and sisters, some people, they have spent their lives in church and they still have a relationship that God somewhere out here in the ether. He's just a God who doesn't really care so much. But I tell you, we serve a God tonight that is showing us constantly, I'm going to show you more of myself so you will have more confidence of who you are. Amen. And the more we see of Jesus Christ, the more confidence we have in who we are today. Amen. So it's there there's many revelations that are contained or concerning scripture opening up of that many things you know uh as a child I just remember my parents uh going through the various churches that they went through and you know they had questions and and uh you know they come to the message they come and and God started answering their questions they put fleeces before the Lord and and uh there were things in scripture they did not see the Book of Revelation seem to be so far off that don't even bother going there. We just can't understand it. But God said, "I want you to understand it because the book of Revelation is me." &gt;&gt; And I'm going to show you me. &gt;&gt; Now, I'm sure there's people that married complete strangers and it worked out just fine, but there is a little bit of a need really to know who you're marrying. Amen. And God said, "I'm going to come down and not only am I going to show you who I am, I'm going to bring you to such a place that you are going to desire beyond desire to be mine. You're going to want to be mine. You're going to do everything you can to be mine because I'm going to reveal to you a side that I'm not revealing to the whole world." Amen. The whole world, my brother and sister, there's people maybe some of them might even be listening tonight. They certainly been criticizing a lot lately. But my brother and sister, it's not a public display. It's not. So God can come and speak to you and I and reveal himself to you and I. Amen. And they'll miss it by a mile. Amen. All they can see is a negative. All they can see is a mistake. All they can see is something they don't understand. But it's not to them. God is speaking to you because God deals in personal revelation. Amen. And now the prophet of God preached many many thoughts and brought many scriptures out and many people in the congregation would have went away saying praise God I see this the word has been open to me I see this many would be there but my brother and sister he didn't come and say now I'm going to give you a blanket explanation he come and he preached the word and he expected the Holy Spirit to come and interpret the word to us Without that, all we heard was words. &gt;&gt; Because there's no two humans alike, a husband and a wife. You know, they get to be so much alike that they finish each other's sentences and and uh you know, it's like, what would you like? And you already know what they would like because that's who they are and you know them. But God said, you know what? I'm going to come down. I'll deal with this on the individual level so that you will know it's me. It won't be just familiarity but it will be me that is there. And so we'll find that when we start talking about revelation um true revelation opens the word to the individual to the bride and it's always according to the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now my brother and sister God didn't come and say according to the latest interpretation of the word. It's always been God's interpretation. Amen. God's word doesn't need an interpreter. God is doing just fine interpreting his word. And he interprets it as brother Brandham shows us by bringing it to pass. Now, I want to ask you this question. I know we'll have a positive response. Has God been interpreting anything to you? Amen. There it is. We got our own private interpretator. We don't need to go out here and try and find some man with an education to interpret the word to us. But it's God himself coming down and it will be so personal it even discerns to the thoughts and intents of your heart. How many times have we sat in the house of God and the word of God preached has come and dealt with a subject that was there something you haven't spoke to to a husband or a wife or a friend or anyone especially not the preacher. Amen. We haven't spoken a single word and yet it comes and it touches right down to the midst of our need and God would speak to us and we say there's my answer. Do you realize my brother and sister that's revelation? &gt;&gt; Amen. We get people saying, "Well, I just feel like a nobody. I feel like that I'm just a nothing. I'm hearing the message and it just feels like I'm not overly spiritual. I I'm not overly uh you might say intellectual to understand and put all this together." intellectual in a good way. I don't seem to be able to put all this together and I sometimes question, do I really understand what I think I understand or is my understanding misunderstanding? &gt;&gt; And God comes and he speaks to us and we just the light turns on and we go, "Oh, that was good." We walk away. We don't think a whole lot about it. &gt;&gt; But if we was to write it all down and look back in our life, we'd realize When the word said that he would come in our midst and reveal himself, he's fulfilled that. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We don't need to look for a great movement of some great mysteries taking place and some supernatural. Amen. Where the Holy Ghost is present, the supernatural is present. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, people are going off looking for the supernatural. They want something supernatural they can hang their hat on and say, "Look what God did." But my brother and sister, just the simple fact that we're in the house of God, and he said, "I'll meet you in there." Amen. Going back to the vision, the little room, and the uh God speaking and says, "I'll meet you in there." And he has come down to his bride and has continually met his bride in there. Amen. In the word is where he's met her. It isn't a little building. For all those years, everybody thought there was going to be a little building on a stage and people were going to go walking through that. But what God was talking about in that vision to the prophet is the people coming into a place where they're in the presence of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Not church, not a tent, not an auditorium, the presence of God. And God spoke to the prophet, but he was really speaking to you and I. And he says, "When you get in my presence, I'll meet you in there." And that's where revelation comes. It's not a a love letter. That's good. Letters are great. But if you spent, you know, 50 years later, you're still writing letters to that girl. You have missed the essence of what it was all about. Amen. There has to come a time that the relationship is taking place and being fulfilled. Amen. And so, it's there that we'll look at this uh and we'll see. I I just love the expression of Matthew 5 here because it's telling us that um we are not going to uh light uh a candle and put it on a b bushel. Amen. We're we're not going to come to a place that we're just like, you know, I'm going to I'm going to be like a secret Christian. I don't want to be ridiculed at work. I don't want my family I don't want anybody to, you know, look down on me. I'll just be a secret Christian. Your light's not lit. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Because when you get a real infilling of the Holy Ghost, you're going to be fulfilling this scripture and you're going to put your light, your candle on the hilltop. Amen. On the top where it can't be hid. That's just a natural reaction that comes when we have received the word, the light. Amen. So, I I love how that comes. It it's uh just beautiful. The word in you can't be hid. Let's face it. I was speaking to a young man recently and he said, "Well, I just really don't want to be criticized by my family. Uh so I I'm just going to kind of I'm going to just kind of hold this back a little bit." And I told him, "Please don't do that." Amen. If God's dealing with you, put it right out in the public. Let the world know right now who you are. Amen. Because they're going to see that the old you is not the new you. And the new you is the real you. So don't go and try and just taper this off that years go by and they finally realize he he's changed a little. No, the light put it up. Let it be seen. &gt;&gt; Amen. What you're doing is saying it's been revealed to me. I've got revelation of who I really am. The old me has passed away. I've got a revelation of who the new me is. And I want you to know the new me. I want you to know who I am really am. Amen. And so, you know, there really shouldn't even be a desire to put it under a bushel. No. &gt;&gt; Amen. I remember I'll just share this personal. I keep it, you know, in this sense. I can remember years ago unfortunately uh you know I I guess I was a little bit ashamed maybe I don't know a little reserved you know and you'd be in a restaurant or you'd be uh at a place where a bunch of farmers used to gather and I used to go there pretty regular and um you know you just don't want to deal with the flack don't want to deal with the snide comments you don't want to deal with so it'd be almost like Lordless us his food. Any of you ever been there? &gt;&gt; Yeah. But you know, the Lord dealt with me one day. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Just like he's dealt with you and one day I was like, "Lord, I will not be ashamed of you. I don't even want it to look like I possibly would be ashamed." I started bowing my head and praying. And you know, the end result of that was is those guys would stop eating and bow their heads with me. &gt;&gt; Amen. So what God was waiting for was for me to have the courage to just let it be shining forth. And it turns out these people, they don't go to church. They hardly believe in God except to use his name in vain. And and that's just not who they are. But there was something there that they said, "Whoa, he's praying. Bow your heads." They'd take their hats off. They would do that. And you know, the thing is is uh God's just waiting for you and I to actually put our light up where it can be seen. We got this idea, I'd rather put my light up amongst Christians so that they can really respect what it is. But maybe God wants you to put your light up in the darkest place in town, &gt;&gt; in the darkest corner of your world. &gt;&gt; He wants you to put the light up. &gt;&gt; And you don't know who's going to see by that light. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, Brother Brham says here in Let Your Light So Shine before men. Amen. And uh let me just interject this right now. We're seeing God deal with our sister Lisa. And as she come up uh in the service, and you dealt with her, Brother David, we're seeing my brother and sister. I don't know the future, but we're seeing how God would lead an individual that was right here on this street one day. And God says, "Go into that church." &gt;&gt; Oh, it wasn't cuz our church is so special. I'm I'm happy what God's blessed us with. Don't misunderstand. But it's not like it's the prettiest church in town and it's just so majestic and we're advertising our choir and our our club meetings and our, you know, feasts and whatever. No, but God's dealing, my brother and sister, and God dealt with Lisa. And God's really dealing with Lisa. Now, you can't hear the words on the service really of what is said here, but I already heard them the Sunday before. She already poured her heart out to me sitting in the back right here. Pray for her. Hold her up before God. My, that lady has had such a rough life, so many things in her life that would discourage so many people. But I believe with all of my heart tonight, she's got a revelation. God is revealing himself to her and she is sitting there and she's talking about things like a sweet presence. Now, I'll tell you my brother and sister, this might sound a little hard, but I watch some of you walk out of church after services sometimes and there's not much sweet presence available. &gt;&gt; Is that a little too harsh? &gt;&gt; I think it's truthful. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Amen. But here God is dealing with this sister and she's saying there's a sweet presence. Oh Lord, let me lift my light a little higher. Not that Paul can boast. Not that you can boast, but it can be seen. Amen. That it can be seen by those that were homeless and drug addicts and have all kinds of trouble in their life. Let it be seen by them. We don't need to convert a theologian. We need to convert a hungry soul. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. So you look at this. There shouldn't even be a desire in us to put it under a bushel. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; I like this. Let your light so shine before men. 1961. You may never see a vision. You may never put your hands on a sick person and feel the charge of Almighty God make a skeleton of a man turn back to life again. You may never see him standing yondering three or four rainbows. You may never see his image. You may never hear his voice. But you can still But still you can be a signboard that will reflect Jesus Christ by a life that's been so pure and unadulterated from the world, not cluttered up with dirty things around your life, but a pure thing that'll cause the hungry heart to hunger and thirst to be like you. Now, see where Satan's battle is, saints. I'm just going to take a stab in the dark that many of us here tonight would say, "Oh my, I don't know why they would want to be like me." Because Satan's going to raise images up before you. Going to raise voices up before you. Going to bring remembrance of things up before you that would cause you to go, "Oh, man. No, I mean, not like me." But I want you to stop and look at it now over the banister of heaven from the way that God is looking at you and says, "This is my son. This is my daughter." And the light is in them. And even though they don't recognize it, it is shining out of them. And they want to be like you. &gt;&gt; Can somebody say, "Lord, let that be me." &gt;&gt; Amen. That we would stand. It's not how you feel. It's not what you view yourself. It's not your emotion or your reasoning, but it's a work that God is doing through you is what people are looking at. Oh, my brothers and sister, I've shared with you before in the harvest season how, you know, you lose your cool and go back and then apologize or repent to to the individual. I'm sorry that I that I got so frustrated or or maybe I should just be honest, so angry. And then they say, "No, quite honestly, I never even thought about it that way cuz I just realized my part of this equation." And I'm like, "Lord, forgive me." But you see, God, because he's so gracious, didn't let them see you the way you saw yourself. &gt;&gt; Isn't that beautiful? &gt;&gt; I think it's so beautiful that God doesn't let the world see you like sometimes you see yourself. Amen. because they're seeing light that is different. It's a casting a light into their life that they don't have. And we're looking at it like it's a dark shadow that flickered across our life. But they only see light. And God says, "You know what? I'm going to use you to be the light in their life." But if we're here under a blanket condemnation, we'd be saying, "I could never testify to that person. I could never witness to that person cuz I've got my own issues. I've got my own struggles. I've got my own. What could I say to them? You could say what God asked you to say. Amen. You can let the life that God's put in you pour out. &gt;&gt; Don't put a bushel over it. That's what Satan wants us to do is to put the bushel over our own life. Not Satan coming and putting the bushel over our life. We put the bushel &gt;&gt; over our life. See, God wants us to realize he's doing something that's so far beyond us that we don't even comprehend it. &gt;&gt; We're still looking at us. &gt;&gt; We need to be looking at him. &gt;&gt; He's the one. &gt;&gt; Amen. The light is his light. &gt;&gt; Amen. The pedestal, you might say, the lifting up the light, my brother and sister, we're not lifting up the light. He's lifted the light he placed in us already. and made it obvious to the world today because it's all him. &gt;&gt; It's all him. &gt;&gt; But you can still be a signboard that will reflect Jesus Christ by life that's been so pure and unadulterated from the world. So there's our part, our action, not cluttered up with dirty things around your life, but a pure thing that caused a hungry heart to hunger and thirst to be like you. Amen. And you're the salt of the earth. As the salt has lost its savor wherewith it shall be salted. That's right. Hungering and thirsting. Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works. See what you do and glorify the father what's in heaven hungering signboards reflecting wonderful. Yes sir. Amen. Now look at that my brother and sister. This is God working in you and I. This is beyond a human element. It it is not us saying, "You know what? I believe the message of the hour and I'm going to go be a signborn." No, sir. This is after you've went through the fiery trial, the discouragements, the troubles, the failures. Amen. You might be standing there. If I could figuratively say this, you got mud on your face and you're there and somebody's saying, "If that happened to me in the state that I'm in, I'd be destroyed." But look at them. They still are standing on the word of God, still believing the word. They're still pressing forward. I want to be like that. &gt;&gt; I don't want to crumble under the pressure of life. I want to have what they've got because I've saw what they've went through and they're still standing. They're still praising God. I want to be like that. And we're over here saying, "Lord, I got mud on my face. What could I witness? What could I tell anyone?" They would look at me and they'll see mud on my face. But I tell you, the word says that we're trophies. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Do you feel like a trophy tonight? Amen. We should just go ahead. If you don't feel like it tonight, just claim it anyhow. I'm a trophy. Amen. Of God's grace. Amen. Now, also, we don't want to do this. We don't want to make a quick sale of it. I think you guys will like this. Are you familiar with this quote? Any of you? Yeah. Don't want to make a quick sale of it. Just say, "Well, I got converted last night. Hallelujah. The whole world." You can't do that. That's a quick sale. If we do that, the product is not much good. If we just live good, say, I know one time I lived good for two weeks after I was converted. That's what I can boast about. After I got converted, I made it two whole weeks. Well, I tell you, sometimes that's how Christians live. Got a little besetting sin, got a little something in their life, and oh, I made it two weeks. I've overcome this. Week number three looks like I'm sorry that it was released from the gates of hell because we thought we had done something. &gt;&gt; We got to let the Lord do it, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; I live two I I lived two weeks just a perfect life. That's a quick sale. That's like this had that we just had. Nothing but a bunch of vitamins wrapped up together and it didn't last but a little while. It finally went out. You want to be an everyday Christian. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm not being judgmental, but I've met many people that just moved into such a spiritual realm, I couldn't even comprehend them. I I'm I'm like, man, Lord, I I don't know if I'm missing the point. Should I be like them? I I I want to be spiritual, but I'm sorry. You guys know me. I I'm a nuts and bolts guy. My heart might be jumping. My soul might be jumping all over the place and and it looks like I have lead feet. And then you'll see people practically bouncing off the back of the pews and running the aisle. But my brother and sister, if they only go for a little while and burn out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Then what was what was that? Was it what we want to be? No. Brother Brandham says, "Just want to be an everyday Christian, every hour Christian, every year Christian, not a quick sale." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But let your light so shine if you walk up to a man and ask him to receive Christ and he laughs in your face. Don't go off and say, "Well, there's nothing to it." Or he would have accepted it. No, that's a hadacle sale. We're not selling hadacle. Now, do you know what had? In the mid 20th century, there was a man who put together a whole bunch of vitamins and stuff and put it all together and it was supposedly going to make you healthy, give you more energy and strength. And and the reviews on that were it probably did make people feel better because it was half alcohol. [Music] So, no wonder when they drank it, they said, "Wow, boy, that put fire in my veins. This is good stuff." But after a while, it faded away because it wasn't a real solution. It wasn't a real answer. It was a quick sale. They even the man who had this even did, you know, the medicine wagon, go around, have all the displays and do all the thing. My brother and sister, all of that was great. kind of reminds you of revivals in a way. Amen. You guys are all going to feel better. Praise God. Jump up and run, shout, scream. Amen. But in a week, has anything changed? &gt;&gt; So if it's there, we'll look at this. We're selling the gospel, not had Not a little natural spirit to make you feel better. Now, I haven't drank much alcohol in my whole life. Thank you, Lord. But I do remember a time when I was quite young that I was offered some whiskey and I took a drink of whiskey. Hopefully, you don't kick me out over this. And I'm telling you, it burns on the way down. Any of you who have ever drank any, you would know it burns on the way down, but when you get up tomorrow, it didn't change a single thing. There was inspiration at the moment, but it didn't change a single thing in your life. In fact, it probably just became a camouflage for your problem. So, Brother Brown saying, we're we're not just trying to do a quick sale. We're not trying to just, oh, fill the church up. You will not believe the amount of literature. It's tapered off now, but the amount of stuff I get on how to double the size of your church in three months. I thought about applying it just to see if it worked, but then we'd have to go back to preaching the truth and they would all leave. So, it won't do any good. But you see how they're approaching it? It's like a quick fix. You You can do this, you can do that. You can have daycare for single mothers and you can have sports events and you can have dances and you can have concerts and you can do it's a quick fix. &gt;&gt; But God's not wanting a quick fix, my brother and sister. Brother Ram says here, "We're selling the gospel, the power of the living God. Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. If the world hates you, they hated Christ before they hated you. For the same cause drove him to the cross, but we're his representative. We're his billboards. We advertise him. &gt;&gt; Oh my. I want to be a true advertisement. Amen. Do you know that there they they do a lot of survey stuff on college campuses? And uh they're asking a lot of college kids why they are turned off about serving God and going to church. And anybody have an idea what their response is? hypocrisy. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; They say that they're Christians, but they're just like us. &gt;&gt; False advertising. Yeah, that's right. &gt;&gt; No wonder that kids are cynical &gt;&gt; about it cuz they look at this somebody that's supposed to be saved, delivered, and this, you know, washed by the water of the word and and all they see is somebody is just like I am or worse. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, see, we're billboards. And as a billboard, we must imagine now if they were really alive, a billboard once in a while might have to just take a peek over the top and see what is it I'm advertising this week, right? But everybody driving down the freeway knows what's being advertised. They see it. I think the preaching of the word sometimes just comes and brings us to a reminder of what we're advertising. That's &gt;&gt; right. &gt;&gt; We're talking about serving God, a revelation of a message in this hour. Amen. Let our life, our billboard proclaim it. Not let it be hypocrisy. Let it just be the truth. Let it just be you. Don't go out and say, "I'm going to prove to these people what a great Christian I am." Just be a Christian today, this week, this year. Let the revelation of Christ in you shine. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I think we all need a little reminder of that every once in a while, right? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We advertise him. Now, let me move right along here. Amen. So, I I I want you, you know, this is what caught me in in this this sermon. Brother Brandham talking about that's a quick sale. We're not here to do a quick sale. We want to see people. We're not here to say we filled our church up on Sunday. We're here to say the sons and daughters of God are hungry for the word come into the house of God and are fed. &gt;&gt; Now, we were having this little conversation. God knew what it would be like. Saints, he didn't say where two or 30 hundred are gathered in my name. That's right. &gt;&gt; Where two or three are gathered in my name. He brought it right down to the barest bones. &gt;&gt; I was talking to a brother here just a few days ago. We were discussing along this and it's interesting because in the conversation I recounted a time many years ago Wednesday night we were over uh by where the police station is now. Wednesday night, we go there, turn the lights on, turn the music on, Sister Jerry, my daughter Kristen, and the clock ticks down, and it ticks 7:30. Well, people are running late tonight. 7:35, 7:40, 7:45. I hate to admit this, but God was teaching a lesson. My first thought is, let's fold it all up, turn the lights off, let's go home. But the Lord spoke to me and said, "Wherever two or three &gt;&gt; are gathered in my name." &gt;&gt; Do you know we're human, right? So, we like to see a great turnout on a Wednesday night. Thank you for coming tonight. God bless you. But it changed my life. and I have been in different places and and we've traveled and done and we have just spoke to a little handful and by God's grace I want to pour all the light that's been poured into me. I want to pour it out not because there's more people. I was just talking to another young man here just starting his ministry and he was going, "Oh, you know, Brother Paul, it's just when there's just a just so many people. I get nervous when there's so many people." And I said, "Brother," I said, "This is the way I see it. It's easier to preach to a whole church full of people than it is to two or three." That's right. &gt;&gt; Because two or three are looking at you. And we're human. We tend to look at who we're preaching at. And imagine, we'll just take the front row here. There's nobody else in the building and you're preaching. You're not going to go, "And God was speaking to somebody." No, you're going to focus right in on that and you're going to see every expression. And maybe you're not going to like it, right? &gt;&gt; Maybe they're thinking, "He's so boring." But it's the truth. Amen. Come on. You know that happens. People say amen because it's the truth, not because it's interesting. So, you know, uh th those of you that are honest with yourselves will say there's been times you said amen to the word, not because what was preached was inspiring, but because it was truth. Amen. Thank you for the amens. Now, look at this, my brother and sister. What God is doing, he's not wanting us to come to a place that we have to be entertained, that we have to have something that we never heard before. And you know, if we're not careful as ministers, the devil will try to come and say, "You know what? You've been you've preached along this theme. You've preached that, you know, you're just a boring preacher because that's the only thing you can preach." Well, remember what the prophet of God said. They said, "Brother brother Brandham, how long you going to keep Job on the ash heap?" And I'm paraphrasing it. Until you get the revelation of why he was on an ash heap, I'll keep him on the ash heap. You know, but we want something new and something that is entertaining in a sense of expanding our thinking and God wants us to get it. &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; He wants us to get it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, let me hurry along here. Amen. So, the scripture says that we should not become weary and welloing. Now I I want you tonight, nobody needs to raise a hand, but I want you to just in your heart, if that's the truth, raise a hand in your heart. We feel burnt out. There's pressures in Leodysia. There's things that happen in the world today. And if we're not careful, we get this jaded feeling &gt;&gt; and we're looking for something to inspire us. Now my brother and sister, just the pure word of God should be inspiration &gt;&gt; to us. It's the light. It's not a fancy presentation. Look, I had a brother one time. He was doing the barbecuing. We got distracted. It was my fault. I claimed the blame because we got distracted and then all of a sudden he jumped up and said, "Oh my, the chicken." And he ran off to the barbecue. And anyway, we had a little bit of a religious service that night because we had a burnt offering. But you look at that, my brother and sister. You see, we don't need to have something that just thrills us &gt;&gt; every service, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; We need to feed on what God presents to us. And by the way, that brother that he thought he had destroyed his chicken, it was some of the best chicken I've ever eaten. It was it was smoked, but it was it was tasty. It was beautiful. It was great. And when we left that night, he was apologizing the whole time. I destroyed the meal. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I couldn't convince him that black on the outside, juicy on the inside was still good. Now, my brother and sister, we don't need to be sold a quick sale. We need to sit down and say, "Lord, I want something that will last through this week. I want something that will last through the the hard trials, the hard times. I I want something that will last when me and the wife, as brother Greg Aler says, have some intense fellowship. I I I want something that will last through intense fellowship at work, whatever it might be. So, we look at this. We're selling the gospel. Now, Brother Bram's words could be misconstrued as though we're selling some kind of bill of goods, but we as the bride of Christ understand exactly what he's saying. We're not here being critical of his words because we're understanding that my life is the representation &gt;&gt; of Jesus Christ. And if my life isn't representing him, &gt;&gt; there should be no question why nobody wants it. &gt;&gt; But when our life represents it, &gt;&gt; you don't have to sell it. It will sell itself. &gt;&gt; I knew a man now. Now, Brother Eric, he's been in the copier business. Are you still in the copier business? Yes. Brother Eric's been in the copier business and and I'm going to put him on the spot here a little bit. uh you know when they lived up in Canada, we stayed with them, visited, fellowshipped with them. And you know, if brother Eric just did his job, the people come back to him. He didn't have to go out and resell the product every time he seen the customer. They actually says, "This is a good product and it's good service and we like what you do." And obviously, Brother Eric has a talent to be able to deal with people in that sense. But my brother and sister, if you have a good product and lousy service, you're going to have to resell that thing every single time. Amen. And you're going to have great service and a lousy product and sooner or later you're going to lose it. So now the gospel has come and revelation in you and I is not that we have some new thing that we've got to go run out into the desert, right? It's right there in scripture. You know, they went out in the desert and it fell apart. They went out in the desert and it fell apart. But when you have the life, my brother and sister, God will allow them to go in the desert and come back. &gt;&gt; They'll have a desert experience. Anybody had a desert experience? You'll have a desert experience, but God is in it. And you will come back. You don't go out to the desert and die. You come back. And God proves to you, you can go to the desert and you can come back. Amen. You can live through this desert called Leodysa and still come back and serve God. Amen. Let me hurry up and finish this. Amen. So, we're not called to burn out, disappear. We're called Amen. And so, we wonder why people are turned off. Now, Psalm 60:es 1-4. Oh God, thou hast cast us off. Thou hast scattered us. Thou hast been displeased. He's talking about my life right there. Oh, turn thyself to us again. Thou hast made the earth to tremble. Thou hast broken it. Heal the breaches thereof, for it shaketh. Thou hast showed thy people hard things. Is there an amen in the house? &gt;&gt; We've been shown hard things. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thou hast made us to drink the wine of astonishment. Thou hast given a banner to them that fear thee that it may be displayed because of the truth. &gt;&gt; Why do we have something to go out and say, "You guys need to serve God? Is it because we're so smart, so good-looking, so this, so that?" No, we have a banner of truth that needs to be displayed in this day. Amen. There are people that want to hear about the gospel. They don't want to be told they're sinners. They don't want to be told they're lost. They don't want to be told there's no hope for them. They actually want to hear the word and it give them encouragement. And when God has their attention, he will correct all of these other things. But our problem, I'm not going to blame it on the message, but we certainly have a bad dose of it. We want to clean them before we've ever caught them. Imagine the fisherman don't even have a lure on his pole. He's standing on the beach sharpening his cleaning knife. Be able to flay these fish that I've never caught. No, my brother and sister. God wants us to live that life that they can see that this revelation that is in us is not just a human flash in the pan but it is Christ himself changing you and I. Amen. I can say thank you Lord that the evidence is there. Amen. The gospel on display. Amen. Now there's nothing greater than to see something that actually works. Amen. if you're if you're you know got a product you know uh you have something uh uh that that you're selling and um you know it's interesting in days gone by I don't want to get nostalgic and get off here but in days gone by it used to be if they come around the farm they would say hey this stuff breaks the rust loose from bolts and um it works now it's a little spendy but it works use it and call us when you want to order it. &gt;&gt; But now they come and say, "This is the best snake. I mean, best stuff. It's only $35 a can. Trust us." You wonder why in the world that that fellow employee or that boss or that person, they want to take your life for a test drive. Oh, maybe we could even come down to husbands and wives and children. They want to take your life for a test drive because they've trusted and been disappointed again and again and again. What they want to see is a real Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; with flesh on &gt;&gt; in this day living. &gt;&gt; Lord, help me. &gt;&gt; All I can say is is Lord help me. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let the revelation we can talk about. I have revelations of of the first pull, second pull, third pull, the seals I of the vials. I have revelations of this and of that and of the Hebrews and all of this. And if you live like a well, I don't know. I I'll just leave that to your imagin. You fill in that blank. You live like whatever. And none of that speaks of revelation. You're never going to be able to witness to that person. But you might be one of the simplest people on earth and you have a revelation of all of those things &gt;&gt; and it's real. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Your life &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; will speak. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; And they'll want it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I've shared this before in the church as I close. There's a brother back east. I imagine he's passed away by now. This been quite a few years ago. And uh somebody had mentioned to him, you know, it's too bad, brother. You spent your whole life. He was living. He he had a lot of children. I don't remember now exactly how many, like 10, 12 children. And and him and his wife just took time living with each family, his children. Somebody one day said to him, "It's a shame that you lived your whole life out and um and here in your retirement, you you don't even have your own house. you don't have anything. You know, it's just a shame that you're so poor." This brother looked at him and said, "Poor?" He said, "I have 12 children. They're married." And he had some crazy number of grandchildren, like 75, you imagine, birthdays. No wonder he's poor. &gt;&gt; He says, "Poor?" He said, 'Yes, I don't have a house. I don't have any anything, but I've got 12 children, 12 sons and daughters and laws. I got all these grandchildren, and they all serve God. &gt;&gt; I'm the richest man on earth. &gt;&gt; You see, there's a man who had a revelation what this is all about. I pray Lord let us have that revelation. &gt;&gt; It's not about our houses, not about our lands, not about our bank accounts. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's all going to go up in smoke. Oh, just to encourage all of you tonight, there's a growing number of countries in the world, economies in the world that are talking about ditching the dollar. And so, you know what that's going to do to the dollar when they ditch the dollar? this bankrupt nation we live in will actually have to acknowledge it's bankrupt because it's not going to have anything to prop it up. Now, did that make you happy or sad? Should have made you happy. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because this nation we have Oh, why do you call this a revelation, brother Paul? Because it was revealed to us. This nation must be broke. It must sell itself. &gt;&gt; Going right back in scripture. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Must sell itself. Where's our rest? &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; Where's our peace? Where's our comfort? &gt;&gt; Let it not be. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; In the things of this world. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let it be in Jesus Christ. Sister Ruth, would you come? Amen. I like this. If you don't mind, I want to go ahead and do this last quote that I have right here. Um, uh, well, not the last, I guess. I shouldn't say it that way. The token. Amen. Sorry about that. I I like this one. We're not to come together to talk about the message. We're to come together to get in the message. Too often we talk about it. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; But it's time for us to get in it. And the message is Christ. &gt;&gt; So people in the world today, especially naysayers, you guys are following a man and I say, "Yep, I sure am." His name is Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's who I follow. That's the movement that I've got in. Now, if you look at this, let me throw this in. If you look at the definition of a cult, you'll find that they're all flinging this. They're in a cult. I was delivered from a cult. I escaped from a cult. You'll find that the old English definition of a cult, every church religion on the face of the earth is a cult. &gt;&gt; Only they use it as a slur word to make it you look bad while they look good. But most of them are in more of a cult than you are. &gt;&gt; So don't get defensive when somebody says you're in a cult. say, "You're absolutely right. I'm following Jesus Christ, and he's got total control over my life. I do what he tells me to do. I go where he tells me to go. I give when he tells me to give." They won't know how to answer you cuz they want to put human flesh, a man in that. But that's not what God's doing. The message is Christ. &gt;&gt; He is the word. That's right. and we get into it and get beneath it. Yes, sir. That's what we're supposed to do. He was not responsible for any persons out from under the blood. Not one. No matter who he was, he was not responsible. All had to take not only himself but his whole family. They're only safe when the token was displayed. We cannot feel safe until the token, this token is displayed. That's right. You must come under this token, God's Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Amen. And that's what I want that part. I wanted to read a whole thing that that my brother and sister don't get comfortable if you're not under the blood. If there's things in our lives that we are not don't have not dealt with, have not put in the right place, let it be a revelation to you that it's easier to live without condemnation than it is to live with it. But I must make things right. You'll want to make it right someday. &gt;&gt; Make it right now. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let it be a revelation, saints, that we want to, as the early quote said, we want to live a life with not a mark on us in the day that we're living in. Let that be a revelation. Well, I can explain the seals. I can explain the vials. I can explain. My brother and sister, if we're living a life with a mark on it, it won't matter what you can explain. &gt;&gt; Let's just get under the blood. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's so easy. It's so wonderful. God is so gracious. All we have to do is say, "Lord, forgive me." And move into that position. Amen. Is it good to be here in the house of the Lord tonight? Amen. You know, I didn't even have a single song. Um, so I'm going to have to ask brother I Alex to to um just come. Um, you know, I want to take this little statement, put it this way. Revelation is as revelation does. And so my brother and sister, when we say we got revelation, let that revelation bring action in our life. &gt;&gt; And let that word change us. Amen. Oh, how I want to be changed. &gt;&gt; Oh, the Lord's done so much. My He's done so much in our lives. Let's lift a hand and acknowledge and say, "Thank you, Lord, for what you've done in our lives, but I want to change more. I want more. Amen. God bless you tonight, saints. We love you in the Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] God bless you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Um, can you search up Let the Death Angel Pass? This one. The Lord spoke to Moses and told what to say to the children of Israel in Goan that day. Slay the lamb, take the blood. Strike the post at the door. For I'll pass Egypt this night and smite all the firstborn. [Music] Let the death angel pass. God's brides free at last in the token he gave that we could be saved. Oh hallelujah and glory to God. The blood's been applied. His spirit abides. Let the death angel pass. The sweet Holy Spirit is the token today. And those who are underra, God said would be saved. Outside of this token, the lost will be found. If your loved ones saved, you better get them in now. Oh, let the death angel pass. God's brides free at last. and the token he gave that we could be saved. Oh hallelujah and glory to God. The blood's been applied. His spirit abides. Let the death angel pass. Amen. Um I don't think I've ever sang that song, so sorry if it's wrong. That's the only way I know it. Thank you, Sister Ruth. Um let's just sing that song. Um Take the name of Jesus with you as we get ready to dismiss. It's KFG number 660. [Music] Take the name of Jesus with you, child of sorrow and of war, and it will joy and comfort give you. Take it then wherever you go. precious name. Oh, how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven. Precious name, oh how sweet. [Music] Hope of earth and joy of heaven. Take the name of Jesus with you as a shield from every snare. If tempations round you together, breathe that holy name and prayer. Precious name, oh how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven. Precious name, oh how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven. Oh, the precious name of Jesus. How it thrills our souls with joy. When his loving arms receive us, and his songs our tongues employ. Precious name. Oh, how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven. Precious name, oh how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven at the name of Jesus bowing, falling prostrate at his feet. King of kings and heaven will crown him when our journey is complete. Oh precious name. Oh how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven. Precious name. Oh, how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven. One more time. Oh precious name, oh how sweet, hope of earth and joy of heaven. Amen. With that song, we'll dismiss. God bless you. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
