################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-30 - April 30, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett The Partial Moving Us Forward - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-30
Title:    April 30, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett "The Partial Moving Us Forward"
Speaker:  Paul Haylett
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 50m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IyZs8O9y3UE
========================================

Description:
Bro Paul Haylett
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] God bless you saints. Good evening to you [Music] all. Why don't we start with that song you were playing earlier? I was uh singing it myself earlier today and I heard it being played. Be thou my vision number 692. [Music] Indeed. Be thou my vision, oh Lord of my heart. not be all else to me save that thou my best thought by day or by night. walk or sleeping. Thy presence my life be thou my wisdom and thou my true word. I ever with thee and thou with me, Lord. Thou my great father, I thy true son. Thou in me dwelling and I with thee one. riches I need not nor man's empty praise. Thou my inheriteritance now and always. Thou and thou only, first in my heart, high king of heaven, my treasure. Thou art now. Thou my breast, shield, my sword for the fight. Thou my dignity, thou my delight, thou my soul shelter. Now high tower raise thou me heavenward. Oh power of my power. High king of heaven. My victory won. May I reach heaven's joys, oh bright heaven son, heart of my own heart, whatever befall, still be my vision, oh ruler of all. Amen. Let's go to number um 447. We'll sing he abides with [Music] me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the pilgrim way for the hand of God. In all my life I [Music] see. And the reason of my bliss. Yes. The secret all is this. That the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Halleluah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within. Till I heard how Jesus died upon the tree. Then I fell down at his feet and there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abides with [Music] me. He abides. He abides. Halleluah. He abides with me. And I'm rejoicing night and day. as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me, and he is with me everywhere, and he knows my every care. I'm as happy as a bird, and just as free. For the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul. Since the comforter abides with me, he abides. He abides. Halleluah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me, and there's no thirsting for the things of the world, they've taken wings. Long ago I gave them up and instantly. And all my night was turned to day. All my burdens rolled away. Now the comforter abides with me. Oh he [Music] abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. He abides. Oh, he abides. He abides. Halleluah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Amen. Number 482, [Music] please. We find many people who can't understand why we are so happy and free. We've crossed over Jordan to Canaan's fair land. And this is like heaven to me. This is like heaven to me. Yes, this is like heaven to me. I've crossed over Jordan to Canaan's fair land. And this is like heaven to me. So when we are happy, we sing and we shout. Some don't understand us, you see. We're filled with the spirit. There is not a doubt. And this is like heaven to [Music] me. Oh, this is like heaven to me. Yes, this is like heaven to me. I've crossed over Jordan to Canaan's fair land, and this is like heaven to me. We've heard the sweet music, the heavenly court from glory land over the [Music] sea. A soul thrilling message from Jesus our Lord. And this is like heaven to me. Oh, this is like heaven to me. Yes, this is like heaven to me. I've crossed over Jordan to gain and this is like heaven to [Music] me. Amen. Before we go to our prayer, let's sing number 698. [Music] I've the mountain with Jesus and I've been in this valley. Oh Lord, but never one time has he failed me. To him with my troubles I go. Oh, let me walk with you, [Music] Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. For without you, I could never. No, never make heaven my home. You found me when I was so lonely. You found me when I was so blue. You found me when no one would love me. And no one knew just what to do. Let me walk with you, Jesus. us. Don't ever leave me alone. For without you, I could never. No. Never make heaven my home. One more time. Oh, let me walk with you, Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. For without you I could never make heaven my home. Amen. We're going to go to prayer. Um I'll ask brother David if you could lead us in a word of prayer. Let's remember uh brother David Lunsford, sister Sarah's dad, his passing. We'll just remember the family um especially brother Gideon and um there's a request for saints in South Africa as well. And many are not here today. Brother Ivan, brother Isaac, um I don't know, Sister Carrie, maybe not feeling well today. No. Um they're helping Christian just came home from the hospital. All right. Also remember them a prayer as well then with [Music] David. Let's bow our heads. Our precious father, we bow before the King of Kings, the Lord of Lords, our Redeemer, our salvation, our strength. And Lord God, we just are please are thankful that we can be assembled here tonight. You just simply said where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst. You've heard these requests, Lord. You knew they would be asked. We pray for the peace of the Lunsford family, Sister Wanda, Sister Sarah, her brothers, the family. Lord, we ask you to comfort them, strengthen them, be with them, decisions to be made. Oh God, I pray your hand be upon them. Our brother Ivan, brother Isaac, his family, Lord, and sister Nadia. Lord, I pray that your hand would be upon them also. Give them what they have need of, Lord. We are all very needy people, but we have this assurance that you said, "I will supply all of your need." So, Father, we just remember this our one coming from the hospital, Lord, Sister Demi, and their little baby. And Lord, I pray for that one, Lord, to be strengthened. Lord, other requests. Lord, I know that you are totally in control of every one of these things. We are expecting you to speak tonight. Give us what we have need of. We've come here to be fed. We've come here to be drawn closer to thee. We're expecting to leave here not the same as we came, but drawn closer to thee. Bring deliverance and healing now to those that need healings, Lord, we pray. and for thy glory committing these needs to you giving you praise for answering. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. [Music] Amen. Thank you, brother David. Let's uh go to number 75, Child of the King. I believe that's an F as well. [Music] Number [Music] 75. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the King. His royal blood now flows through my veins. And I who was rich and vile now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the King. Oh, once I was clothed in the wrath of my sin, wretched and poor, lost and lonely within, but with wondrous compassion, the King of all kings. In pity and love he took me under his wings. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. His royal blood now flows through my veins. And I who was wretched and vile now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. And now I'm a child with a heavenly home. My holy father, well, he made me his own. And I'm washed his blood. And I'm clothed in his love. And someday I'll sing with the angels above. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. His royal blood now flows through my veins and I who was wretched and vile now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the King. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the King. His royal blood now flows through my veins. And I who was wretched and vile now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, I'm a child of the [Music] king. Let's sing this one last song as brother Paul comes. Number 702. Maybe let's dance together as we sing this. Give me your hand and let's agree together. that all of our eneies will crumble at our feet. And whatever we bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. For at the name of Jesus, Satan has to flee. Oh, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan rages, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. And for many years now, saints have tried to stop us. Oh, but the bride of Jesus, Lord, we're still alive. And like a mighty army, we keep maring onward, fighting every battle. Cuz the Lord's on our side. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan rages, we cannot be at the in the name of the Lord. Let's give a little hand clap of thanks and praise to our Lord. Amen. How beautiful. Amen. We could not sing that song. We've got the power if we were talking of ourselves. Amen. And we just thank the Lord that he has given a revelation. Actually, that's what it is. Just listening to the prophet speak. And the victory we have in this day is revelation to you and I. It's not just words. Some people say you're just speaking words. The prophet says it's a revelation of your overcoming power, the Holy Ghost in you. Amen. And I just have to say thank you Lord for that because without the Holy Ghost, Amen. Just as the word says, we couldn't even call him the Christ without the Holy Ghost. Amen. And that just makes my heart excited. Amen. You know, another thing makes me excited to call brother Trevor grandpa. Amen. That means he has officially joined the older generation. So, I'm sorry, brother Trevor, but you you'll be happy to be here. It's a good position to be in. So, we're so happy that Demi delivered a healthy, happy boy and that she's good and and Christian doing good. Amen. I look at that young man and I just think Lord just unleash the potential that's in him. Amen. So good to be here. So many so many things, you know, I just uh you might say reminiscing after sister Jerry notified me today that uh brother David Lunsford had passed. Uh we had a lot of good memories. He would come up to see the family and and um brother David, sister Diane has been a little bit of this. we would all go over and eat at the orchard house and and just uh be relaxed and to be able to do that. And um we're going to miss him. Amen. I know that sister Sarah uh bittersweet, but to be there at the passing of her dad and we just want to remember the family. Amen. And uh also I think we announced it uh brother Ivan had text and said that they would not be able to be here tonight. So we want to remember them. Um brother Isaac doing better but still kind of has that stomach issue. Uh so we just want to keep on remembering them. There's so many you might say not minor. There's no request that's minor. But um anyway, once again, uh we're happy our sister April's made it back um from that location and um just uh uh appreciate what she is uh doing in that natural side. Someone showing the compassion of Christ uh to to people. We want to remember uh brother Ruben Daniels. I don't know, it's probably not a familiar name to you, but brother Ruben uh pastors a church in Ran Fontaine, South Africa. Uh I've had the privilege, sister Jerry and I, visiting their church, ministering there. Uh uh brother Ruben, I'm not sure exactly what kind it is, but um Brother Rubin has cancer and uh it has just uh reduced him down to just a small portion of who he is, right? Just uh very very uh hard on him. Uh so please remember brother Ruben Daniels in prayer. Lovely brother, lovely church. um and um that the Lord would just come on his behalf and touch him. And also the the church there uh Emanuel Gospel Center, my my heart very much connected to them. So many dear friends and we want the Lord to just come down and just take all the question marks away. And I know there'll probably some of them that will listen to this service and uh we just want to take all the undercurrents. Ask the Lord to take all the undercurrents away and just give very direct leadership to them. They as a group of believers, now this wording might not be correct or the best, but they're lovely group of believers and they deserve a Holy Ghostfilled sincere pastor. Amen. Someone who can just unite them together and take them on to the rapture. So, uh we want to continue to remember them in prayer. Amen. youth meeting this Friday evening at 700 pm here at the church. Let's turn to our Bibles. Ephesians the third chapter. Thank you so much. Uh I enjoyed the song service. Thank you musicians. Amen. Uh just uh felt a nice calm peace. uh in a day um I I'm not speaking or confessing myself into this, but in a day filled with all kinds of little distractions and little things to um oh, how will you say that? They have the ability to raise your blood pressure. Uh you know, and you face those. It was just nice to be able to come in the music uh calm and soothing. The song service just calming and I thank the Lord for that. Ephesians 3. Now, this will be the same scripture that uh I I used in a sermon just before we went to South Africa, but I feel really led to continue down this thought. I preached it on a Sunday, but we're going to pull it into a Wednesday night thought. And um so, we're going to be talking on uh the partial uh moving us forward. Amen. And that might seem like a a little strange uh title, but uh taking it from what the prophet of God talked about, partial realization becoming a full realization. Amen. We'll be looking into that thought along that vein. Amen. Ephesians 3:10. to the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be made known by the church the manifold wisdom of God. And I would say tonight Lord let us know your wisdom. Come down father speak to our hearts and open our minds to understand the wisdom of God according to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord. in whom we have boldness. And I I if I could if I could highlight that and put that in the most giant capital letters. Uh amen. That we have boldness. I think something that's lacking uh in the church and in the message is is uh we're not moving forward in any kind of a boldness. God made the promise. You didn't make it. That's right. Brother Brandham didn't make it. God made it. And therefore we should be able to absolutely come with a boldness and say if if our Lord Jesus Christ if he said it it is going to happen and then we could put the biggest period right on the end of that settled done because he said it. Amen. Amen. In whom we have boldness and access with confidence by the faith of him. Wherefore I desire that you faint not at my tribulations for you, which is your glory. For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named, that he would grant you according to the riches of his glory to be strengthened with might by his spirit in the inner man. Amen. Now, the physical man, God will touch the physical man, but it's the inner man that really matters. Amen. Because this old flesh is just aging. I I don't know where the wrinkles come from. I don't know where, you know, all of these things come from, but I tell you, the inner man is getting closer to whom my theophony said I would be, and it's drawing me into it. Amen. So, the body's aging, but God's pulling us into our youth. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith, that ye being rooted and grounded in love, may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, the length, and depth and height, and to know the love of Christ, which passes knowledge, that you might be filled with all the fullness of God. Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think according to the power that workketh in us. Unto him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages world without end. Amen. Amen. Thank you Lord. We ask you to bless this time. The saints that are unable to be here today and every need we commit to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. As we look at this, just to touch on this scripture, I I believe here in the book of Ephesians, it's laying out to us a very solid foundation or footing for us to take and hold on to to look at these things and say, you know what, this I don't care what I see around me. This is my promise in the word. And and God's made this real to us by revelation. These are not just scriptures that we read, but this is the very life of Christ. If we could just envision that we're sitting there now in the under the porch on a chair and our Lord Jesus Christ is sitting right there having conversation with us. Uh this is the way I feel like we should take this that he literally is here in a personal conversation. Not just scripture we refer back in time but a personal conversation that is being spoken to us and uh as it is the word of God no matter who preached it. Amen. It is the word of God and uh so I say Lord help us. Now here again I want to read to you a quote that I read of those services here a couple weeks ago. uh I think it's a very pertinent out of the 70th week of Daniel and uh in the last days is when God is going to reveal these secrets to the church. Now to put a very bold punctuation there if we could put a gap in there that that this last days and we are living in the last days my brother and sister without a shadow of a doubt there is not another age to come. The prophet of God preaches about a bride age, but that's a spiritual condition. Amen. That is not a natural time span of an age coming, but that's a spiritual condition that the bride is coming because she's stepping out of the atmosphere and influence of Leodysia into a whole another realm. And the world does not know that realm. They do not understand that. And the prophet of God says, "Neither will they understand it because they were not called to understand it." That shows us really how privileged we are as a people that God would open our eyes and open our ears. It's not something that we want to be flippant or arrogant or any of those things, but realization, a boldness, if we would go back to that, that God has says, "I called you from before the foundation of the world, and now I'm proving that I called you." And so we live in that realm. You know, the prophet of God shows us that the bride is going to be small in number. And so many people just reading something recently, somebody says, "Oh, there's going to be a a great falling away amongst the bride because and they had their idea of what a small number was." Well, my brother and sister, we know in re realization that that uh the small number is going to be relevant number, right? But who knows what that number is? You know, I I couldn't sit here today and say uh uh you know, there's a small number here in this service tonight. So, we must all be in the bride. My brother and sister, that small number is relevant to God's thinking and God's thinking alone. Nobody can just say it has to be less than this number, less than that number. Now, the prophet of God made reference, but you sometimes need to put it under a spiritual application and not sit there with your calculator and figure out how many people on earth. And so, the bride's going to be just this number. It doesn't work that way. So, as we look at this in the last day, God is going to reveal these secrets to the church. He hasn't done it before. And the reason he hasn't done it is to keep the church watching and praying all the time, not knowing when it was coming. But you remember in Daniel 12, he said, "The wise shall understand." Oh my, look at this, my brethren. This is why we need God's wisdom because the wise are going to understand what the word is saying. The wise are going to understand the moving of the spirit and the prophet of God. Now, we can take some of these things the prophet said and put it in totally a carnal literal sense. And brother Brown said read between the lines. But as I look at my Bible today, there is nothing printed between the line. So if we come in a carnal sense, we're not going to understand. But when the Holy Spirit moves upon us and we start to understand by a supernatural revelation, God speaking to us, it might be a midnight hour, it might be noon time, but God is speaking through the spirit to his bride and she understands. Amen. So it is the wise shall understand in the last in this last day. See, it's been given to him. the spirit of wisdom. My my brother and sister, we got a lot of people pray or claim they've got revelation. But another factor that really should weigh in our life is do we have the spirit of wisdom? That's right. We can say we understand and intellectually many a person can explain many things. But is there real wisdom there? And I say Lord help us reveal give us a revelation of real wisdom to understand what is happening because my brother and sister in South Africa and I pray the dear sister uh yeah I don't mean any harm as I bring this but a dear sister was sharing with me how her husband backslid and he he he is not serving the Lord but she said the thing that is very confounding about it is that he can take any subject in the message and explain it with clarity. She said any subject but there's no life. Yeah, that's right. So the life doesn't come by being able to recite it. That's right. The life comes from relationship. That's right. And without that relationship being impregnated by the word, it cannot bring forth life. Amen. So something beyond man's knowledge, man's intellect has to be the relationship that brings forth life. Amen. So the spirit of wisdom comes into the church to make known to the church by the revelation of the Holy Ghost bringing the church in and revealing what day that we're living in. So my brother and sister, what day we're living in, I'm going to take this a little different twist tonight. The day that we're living in is not to look over here and say, "Oh, look, Russia's prepared to do this. Oh look, financially America is here. Oh, the whole world is broke. Oh, the pope just died. Oh, this. No, my brother and sister. None of that thing is actually relevant to the bride of Christ. What we're looking at is what is happening and revealing the day that we're living in. And that is Christ is in you and I. And the word has been opened and we are slowly moving into a position where the partial partial realization is moving us into a full realization. Now in a full realization, I'll just kind of jump this ahead for a second. The rapture is in full realization. It is not in partial realization. The rapture takes place when the bride is mature. And so we must come into that realization to come to that place. So bringing the church in and revealing what day that we're living in. Just the same as Gabriel came to Daniel, the Holy Spirit comes to the church in the last days to reveal these great deep secret things. Do you understand? Now this is in 70th week of Daniel. Uh uh in this it's paragraph 6768. And it's good to go read behind that, read further. Amen. We're not trying to isolate the quote, but certainly we don't have time to quote the whole sermon. But you look at this, my brother and sister. You see, this understanding is not to be confused with how we can explain the message. Amen. It's not to be confused how much scripture we can quote, but it is to be rooted in the fact that God is coming looking for a bride. Now, my brother and sister, he didn't come looking for a bride that could quote the most. He didn't come looking for a bride that could bring, you know, the the message quotes or the scriptural quotes or can retain the most about Luther or or any of those others. My brother and sister, he was actually looking for a bride that was willing before even that she would commit herself and she would say, "You know what? So, you're coming back for me?" Amen. Look at the story of the meat packer and the the little orphan girl. You know, it's not just a little story out of history, but it's a very deep story because here's a young lady, the bride, that has said, "You know what? I'll take your word for it." Did he give her anything of value, uh, tangible? Did he give her some written record that had been certified? He did not. He gave his word. Amen. And she took that word and said, "That word is sufficient for me. She was mocked. She was derided. She was scoffed at. But she didn't care because it was his word." And when she took his word, she took it not into her brain. She took it into her heart. Amen. And then she labored for him. Not a works gospel. She was doing this from her heart because she had fallen in love with him. Amen. And that's one of the keys I think sometimes that is missing is the love affair has gone out and we are now coming to quotes and we're coming to these things and we're laying out facts and and all of that is well and good. I'm not opposed to that. But somewhere in the midst of that, there has to be an overwhelming love that is drawing us, my brother and sister, as it is. I said it a minute ago. I'll say it again. God's not coming for those who can quote the most of this message. He's coming for those who are living this message. Amen. And I say, Lord, help us. Amen. You see, it's not just a matter of coming down because it says at his coming would be as it was in Sodom. And so, we're not just coming down here to go stick our nose out here and see what condition the world's in. Because certainly in our mind, we would say this has to be Sodom. But my brother and sister, God's not looking at us to judge our position by their position. He's called us. Amen. That it's not just a doctrine, but it's more like a couple in courtship. Now, we've had a couple here in the church, young couple in the church here, got married recently. Courtship would be so fresh to them. Now, by God's grace, Sister Jerry and I have survived survived 42 years today. 42 long years. She's still the girl. Amen. That I determined in my heart years ago I wanted to be my wife. That's right. You know, it's that courtship that's enduring. It's a love that is enduring. And uh Sister Jared be embarrassed, but actually have a picture that she shared with me that is is my heart's memory of those days. Um her as a young girl and she's beautiful. Do we still have that kind of love affair? Yeah. Are we still sitting here today and saying, "When I first met my Lord, he was so beautiful to me." So precious to me, so real. And I thought in my heart, I want to be his bride. Amen. Amen. It should be so real. That's what the Lord's looking for is a bride that's in love with him. not just following commandments and and uh reading trying to read between the lines of of oh this will make him happy. My brother and sister when real love is there there's an organic uh something about it that love just happens and that's what he wants his word to be to you and I is something that our love for him just happens because it is what we are. It's who we are. Amen. And so the beautiful picture of courtship. Amen. You know, in the natural and spiritual, each new day reveals uh uh what one is coming to love about the one he's fallen in love with. And here we are moving down in this relationship. Now, I'm not opposed to using the terms that, you know, I've been a Christian for x amount of years, but what really matters is, have we been in love? That's right. All those years. And and there's nothing to be ashamed of. Might have been going to church and living a godly life for 50 years, but maybe 40 of those years we actually weren't in a love affair. But what matters is if we're in the love affair now. Amen. So we don't have to be ashamed to say, "I wasn't always on fire for the Lord, but I'm on fire now, and that's what matters." Amen. Not to talk about being on fire 25 years ago. Amen. It reminds me just dealing with someone a little marriage issue here very recently. And and you know, as they share this, they're they're speaking about how there was a time that they were really in love, but something has happened to that. And and that's what Satan's trying to do in this day is come into the midst of our love affair. And he is trying his very best just to make it an affair. Is that the right words to use? Not a love affair, just an affair. Not an affair like unfaithful, but just in that relationship. Amen. I trust that you understand. You see, where we're at today is this partial that we experience in the flesh. What we can realize in the flesh is slowly moving. Sometimes moving so slowly that we fail to grasp that it is moving. We would say it seems like we have stalled out right here. that God is still moving and things are happening and prayers are being answered and God is still stirring hearts and when we hear I don't mean to to to tell on the wife or embarrass her but I just believe it's a beautiful example that we were sharing actually sister Jerry says here look at this in the message and she's sharing something with me and we're sitting there at our kitchen table and it brought both of us to tears. And I tell you, as I looked back on that through the day, I thought, "Thank you, Lord, that the word of God, the message of the hour, still has the ability to move us in such a fashion that we haven't become coarse and hardened to this that it's just words, but let it be something that still stirs our heart and moves us." Because you see, even though it seems as though we're not moving forward at a great pace, the partial, the prophet of God said it, I believe it, the partial is becoming a full realization. Amen. And that I thank the Lord for. Amen. So the gospel, the good news is something that we must fall in love with and remain in love with. Amen. to be a people in love with the word. You know, that's what separates it, my brother and sister. You see this where where people in and around the message in and around church and not even in the message, just out in the denominational world, a lot of sincere people, but there's a lot of people just go to church. Amen. The Lord didn't want us to just go to church. He wants us to come here to realize if I could use these words, the interface. Now the interface can take place anywhere but he chose to make the interface right here in the house of God. Amen. It's not just coming to church. It's our time to come. God's provided place of worship to come and meet him face to face. And he promised unless I can't count there's more than three of us here tonight. Amen. And so we know that he is here tonight. Can we say amen to that? We should be able tonight of the deepest need, the deepest desire or the highest heights of our worship to express it tonight because he is here. Amen. Not waiting for another meeting. Our our brother Andrew, I'll just throw this in. I forgot to mention it. Brother Andrew is going to be coming out here for a wedding. And uh we were we were talking, brother Andrew Glover. and we were talking and and uh you know he I asked him would you be able to minister for us and uh Lord willing he has accepted but it's Lord willing that everything would work now my brother and sister we shouldn't have to sit here tonight and say you know what I'll be able to deal with a little issue I'll be able to find a little victory when a minister like brother Andrew comes and gets us excited no we should be able to be excited tonight on the simple promise that God said we're two or three are gathered in my name, I'll be there. That should be enough to bring an excitement and anticipation and boldness into our lives. Amen. So, we look here in Proverbs 22 1-6. We look at this. A good name is rather to be chosen than great riches and loving favor rather than silver and gold. The rich and poor meet together. The Lord is the maker of them all. A prudent man foreseeth the evil and hideth himself, but the simple pass on and are punished. By humility and the fear of the Lord are riches and honor and life. Thorns and snares are in the way of the frowward, but he doth keep his soul shall be far from them. train up a child in the way he should go and when he is old he will not depart from it. Now I want you to just kind of go this way because you see our Lord Jesus said not to keep the children from him. Amen. That we should worship like children. So I'm moving all of us back if you don't mind. There are some children here tonight. They don't have to move anywhere. But moving us back to a position that we'd actually look at the promises of God, look at the word of God, look at our relationship with the Lord as a child would. Now, I shared with the church of that sweet young lady that wanted to know, "How do I get closer to the Lord?" Brother Paul. Well, my brother and sister, we don't get a child closer to the Lord by pulling out a book of rules, the dos and the don'ts and all of the things of the message that you're expected. That's not how you're going to train that child. But when you look back through the word of God to train up a child, my brother and sister, it isn't saying train them by fear because you'll get the results of what fear brings. Amen. You don't train them by obligation because all you will get is the results that obligation gives you. Yeah. Oh, we can train by these things, but you wonder why it malfunctions later in their life because it never was real. It was an obligation. Amen. Train by the rules. We can put a whole list of rules out. Now, the scriptures, God gave a whole book full, as it were, of rules. Then he turned around and said, "I'm going to write it on the fleshly table of your heart. It's not going to be graven in stone. It's not going to be inscripted in a book somewhere that you have to go to the certain page, the certain paragraph and follow that." No, that's where the Holy Spirit comes and starts to move that. But let me move forward here. If we train by rules, my brother and sister, rules without respect equal rebellion. And so when we give our young people, wait, we're all kids here tonight. When we give ourselves nothing but rules to follow to serve God and the opice of the message of the hour, it's do this and do this and do this. My brother and sister, sooner or later we become callous to that. But when you search out this scripture and take certain avenues that that the language gives us, Amen. It's telling you, "Train up these children to love the Lord." Oh, my brother and sister, when you're in love, Amen. There's a lot that you will do simply because you're in love. Amen. And here we are tonight. Amen. Serving God. And it says that they will not, Amen. will not depart from that. They have that love of God in their heart. And even if things aren't going well, if things have went a little sideways, if things have have been such my brother and sister, it's in the last while here, just a lot of interaction, uh people struggling over things and certain things in their life. And these are all in far away places. But my brother and sister, one thing that stirs my heart is to have a young man telling me, "This is what's happening in my life and I'm struggling and and I failed the Lord here and I failed the Lord there." But brother Paul, please understand, I still believe and I still love the Lord. I'm just fighting a battle like I've never fought before. And all I could give him wisdom was, "Brother, keep fighting." Amen. Just keep fighting, brother, cuz God promised you the victory. And you see then what it is. A love for the word. A love for our Lord Jesus Christ is the only thing that's holding him. It's not rules. It's not obligation. He's broken all of those. But something in his heart won't let go. Amen. Oh my brother and sister, how precious that is. Amen. That the Lord is training. We're seeing a partial moving, my brother and sister, into a full realization as our love for the Lord Jesus Christ, for the word is growing every single day. Amen. And if it's not, we should stop, push pause, kick everything out of the way. It happens in natural marriage, right? Amen. It'll happen in your spiritual walk. Time to stop, push, reset, pause, and reset a and kick all this stuff out and get back in love again. Amen. To let the love, not obligation, but the love guide our life. Amen. Mark 12 28-31. Now, it'd be good here in Mark 12 to read before and do this because I I just pulled this out. There's a lot of lovely things there. One of the scribes came and having heard them reasoning together and perceiving that he had answered them well, asked him, "Which is the first commandment of all?" Isn't it interesting this this uh scribe perceived that he'd answered the question well he had to acknowledge that the answer was a good answer. Oh my. Thank you Lord that sometimes by God's grace we can just give a good answer and our answer is the prophet of God said if you have nothing else to say tell them how your candle got lit a good answer good answer Jesus answered him which is the first commandment of all Jesus answered him the first of all the commandments commandments is here. O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord. My You're never going to hear a trinitarian quote that one for its foundational value, right? Well, it was one God and three pieces. No, come on. Come on. You talk about one of the greatest deceptions ever placed upon humanity. They're going to be stunned, my brother and sister. We don't want to see them lost. There's that's not the right attitude, not the right approach. But my they're going to be stunned when they found out that all these prayers through the years they were praying to to nothing. Yeah. Recently, I was turned on to a little video clip and the man is standing in a courtyard or uh plaza type environment and and he's challenging people uh on baptism, what they believe and whatnot. And you know, I thought it was interesting and sad because on the one part, uh, all these adults, do you regular attend church twice a week? Well, what about this? And he starts in on on the Trinity, and it's stunning how few people can give a credible scriptural answer, right? And I thought, Lord, help us. Amen. Maybe we need to here at the church just go back a little bit and relay some foundational things about this and and get them on the screen and and whatnot. Maybe a handout. I don't know. Brother David, maybe you can help me do that. and we just let's go back and and give a fin find found foundational answer that that if you was in the plaza and you were uh uh approached and and you were asked to defend Acts 2:38 that we wouldn't be just stuttering around but we'd be able to do it. And I thought it was interesting just a simple fact here I deviate for just a moment. Not one of the respondents even brought up Acts 19. the one solid evidence in the Bible of baptism in the name of Jesus Christ. Not one of them mentioned it. But one man did come to the point further in his conversation to ask him, "Where is baptism in the trinity in the Bible?" And the man answering just smooth as butter. It's a revelation. We have no foundation to build it on. It's a revelation. If God speaks to you, you'll understand. No, my brother and sister. God said, "I'm hiding it from wise and prudent people, and I'm revealing it to the babes." And sometimes babes don't want to be told about the baby bottle, how it was designed, the scientific deal of it, blah blah blah. They want a bottle. They want it in their hand. They want to use that bottle. They don't want a theory. But you see it's kind of sad because this is what it comes down to. There is very smooth, very researched, very uh lay it out. So, and people becoming baffled. Well, they won't defend their faith. They're not sure about their faith. Might even start to question their faith because, pardon me for putting it strong, they're ignorant about their faith. Or maybe kind. Let's be kind. Should we be kind? They're naive about their faith. Lord, help us. Amen. We should be in a better position than that. First of all, the commandments is here. O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord. And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart and with all thy soul and with all thy mind and with all thy strength. This is the first commandment. The second is like, namely this. Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. There is none other commandment greater than these. Now, you might wonder where I'm going here, but I want to tie this back to train up a child. My brother and sister, if we'll come, we can completely fulfill Mark 12 in the lives of our children and young people if we will train them up to fall in love with our Lord Jesus Christ. And that means that we've got to show them that we're in love. Yes. If we can't just talk about being in love, oh, you know what? Yes. Yes, we we love the Lord. But no love inside, no love expressed, no love on display. My brother and sister, if we train up a child in a true uh essence of Mark 12, they are going to have struggles. There there's no there's nothing going to say they won't go through fiery trials. But when they are in love, it's easy to come back into that position and say, "I remember that God loves me." Just like a a a young lady, I don't know if I shared it or not, a lovely young lady wanted to come. She come back into the minister's office uh during Easter weekend. A and uh I I loved how brother Tim Dodd uh he took first step into this. She said, "Uh, I I struggle my my mom and dad there some things in their life." And the mom had already just in bitter tears admitted she hadn't always expressed herself so well to her daughter that she loved her. And and the the little girl, you know, uh not that little, 15, 16 years old is saying, "I I don't think my mom loves me. I don't think my dad loves me. And I don't think the Lord loves me." Now, you look at that. That's a recipe for a young lady going to find love somewhere else. Satan's setting up a pattern where she's going to start searching for love somewhere because we're human. And love is a component that we need. It is it is an essence of which we must have as humanity. And if we don't have that, we become in essence, it's a hard word, but we become a little bit mentally, spiritually, emotionally depraved. Yeah. And so then you'll find many a young woman, sorry to pick on you young sisters, you'll find many a young woman go out and give herself to about every young man that pays attention because she's craving love and thinking the physical touch is love. And she said, "I don't even think the Lord loves me." I loved how brother Tim brought this. He just asked the girl straight out, "Do you believe on Jesus Christ?" The little girl looked a little stunned, almost like, "You question that." She said, "Yes, I do." And Brother Tim just very polite, very loving, said, "God is love." That's right. And I'm telling you, I'm not mocking in any form or fashion. Don't misunderstand, but make the point. I was looking in that little girl's eyes and I see the light. Come on. I believe in the one who is love. That means he loves me. Amen. Oh, my brother and sister, see how deceptive Satan can be. And he's trying to cause us to stay over here in the partial understanding that it's about emotion. It's about thoughts. It's about this physical realm. It's all over here. And that's not where God called us to live. He said, "I'm going to call you out of a partial realization. And I'm going to bring you just like Israel coming out of Egypt in the promised land. I'm going to bring you from a partial realization into the full realization where you realize that the Holy Ghost, God in you, Christ in you, is the love." Amen. And I got to see that little girl's whole demeanor change and tears running down her face and my heart rejoiced. Amen. to be there and be a witness of that. Amen. By God's grace, we were able to share a couple things that were pertinent to her. A and you do that. But you see, Satan was trying to get a foothold into her life and the word, my brother and sister, come so simple and set her free. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Just to love the Lord my God. Amen. It's there, my brother and sister, as we look at this. Amen. With all thy heart. Yeah. Not a partial. Amen. Going back to realization here. Not a partial. Amen. With all thy soul, not partial. With all thy mind, not partial. All thy strength, not partial. This is the first commandment. In other words, you got to sell out. Amen. You got to sell out. Yeah. Let me hurry along here. And things that are to be, it's a perfect place calling you to that perfection. See, we're not here in Leodysia, Satan's Eden in this carnal realm of everything is a cover up for something else. Every time it's there, there's some kind of motive. I just read a little deal. Just give you an example. Amen. Pastor has been preaching to his church, goodsized church. He's been preaching to his church about tithes and offering. And it's going along, it's going along. It went into days, weeks, and months. And finally, he just comes out of frustration and says, "If I'm going to buy this $65 million uh jet, you guys got to give more money." You see, he wasn't talking about giving to the Lord's work, but in his mind, he justified a jet as being necessary for the Lord's work. Can I talk to you guys about something? No. Is this unreal? This is the house of God. Is that the gospel? No. Preach about tithe and offering in a godly fashion for a godly purpose. What you're actually preaching is not for the benefit of the preacher when you preach those things. Amen. God rewards the giver. Amen. God rewards one who is happy to give. And it's really about the blessing coming back on that. not making a man in office, a position wealthy, but to satisfy the word of God. And yet, see how that's been twisted. So, they camouflage that. They camouflage that. Oh, the poor man only lives in a $17 million house. And he needs another 65 million for a jet. Wait, he doesn't have anywhere to keep the jet. You need to build him a runway and a hanger. And he doesn't know how to fly the jet. So, you need to send him to jet flight school. See, it never ends. All for the gospel. Come on, my brother and sister. Need a yacht that's got a built-in pool on the back of it so you can baptize people. See the nonsense that is there because the people haven't even moved into the realm of partial realization. They're outside the parameters of that. But they recognize that God will bless even in that distorted view. Yeah, people give and God blesses them. But we're here with a message of the hour and God has brought that to us and our realization is becoming real. Amen. It's coming alive to us. Let's not settle down. Sorry to just throw this in, but I want to make this point. Let's not settle down. God sent a prophet. Amen. That was just down here at the basic level of the partial realization. And God's calling us up higher and calling us along. and he's bringing us along and I'll bring it this fashion here on the road to Emmas. Jesus didn't just stop on that road. He didn't just say, "Let's just stop right here and cut to the chase." But he walked. It wasn't just him walking. They were walking. He was calling them along that road because he knew it would come to a certain place that in the evening time they would sit down. And he knew at the breaking of the bread, the opening of the word. Amen. The seventh seal being opened, a third pole being opened, all of these things being He knew at the breaking of the bread, their eyes would be opened. And we must remember we got to walk with him before we can run for him. Amen. It takes a walk before we can run and testify of the supernatural. We have to have a walk with him. Amen. Okay, I'm lost. The Bible said, "So Jesus said, "Be therefore perfect even as your father in heaven is perfect." It's a perfect kingdom. So it must be a perfect people come because you have to stand and be married to the perfect son of God. You must be a perfect bride. Oh, how are we going to get to the position of perfect bride? a snap of the finger, someone just witnessing or prophesying over you, it won't do it, my brother and sister. But this bride is being brought from the partial realization into a full realization. Amen. And if I could use this in a natural sense, my brother and sister, brother Donnie Reagan, many years ago preached along this line and he says, you know, a brother says, "Brother Donnie, I I need to come talk to you." And and when he comes, he's got a 12-year-old girl with him. And he's like, "Okay, what's going on, brother?" Well, we want to get married. Brother Donnie says, "You don't even sit down and entertain that. You tell him, you know what? You're messed up. You need to wait for her to grow up. And when she's grown up, you won't be the right man. So, just get out of here." Amen. But you see, the bride cannot be an immature bride. Anywhere you see that in a natural sense to go back on that you you're seeing something perverted. Amen. That young lady needs to come to maturity. Amen. Before she enters into that relationship and here is Christ coming long bringing his bride into a maturity that she can literally stand one day and be the bride and accept a bridegroom and the relationship is complete. Amen. not a partial relationship. I'll take her home. She'll have my name. She'll be my wife. But no, my brother and sister, God wants a mature bride, and he's going to bring her into maturity before he truly puts her in a position of bride. Hallelujah. You must be a perfect bride. So, how can you do it through anything else but the perfect word of God, which is the waters of separation that washes us from our sins? Amen. That's right. The blood of Jesus Christ. Think of it. The dripping bloody word. Amen. The blood, the word of God. Bleeding blood to wash a bride in. Amen. Yes, sir. She stands perfect virgin, unadulterated. She never sinned. Can we say amen to that? She never sinned in the first place. Amen. She was trapped into it. See? Hallelujah. There's a position for us to stand into. And when we can come to the place we can fully accept that. Not an exemption to live any old way because we're not going to be accountable. But when you're trapped, Amen. Trapped into it. Hallelujah. See, this is what's happening, my brother and sister. I dealt with a young man in South Africa. Amen. Still caught in a little cycle of of of uh condemnation. And I thought, well, I'm going to have to really I'm going to have to really kind of lay this out to this young man. But all of a sudden, it's like a little inspiration struck him. But then he turns around and says, "But I've been delivered from that." And I was like, "You're headed in the right direction, young man." Amen. You don't have to stop here and dwell in this circle, this circle, this circle, because you have been delivered from that. Amen. And God says, "I never even held it to your account in the first place." Hallelujah. Amen. See, we're not living in or holding to man's idea of perfect. Right. Amen. Is there anyone perfect amongst us? Oh my. We won't even start going down that road because it would take about two questions for most of us to fail the perfection test. But you see, it is perfect love that's drawing us into God's perfect plan. Nothing less. Now, if God chose to express his love to you and in you, should we not stop and receive it? Amen. Wouldn't be It's not a funny video. It's shown as a funny video. of a wedding. And when the minister says, "You may kiss the bride," she refused to kiss him. Let's not be that kind of bride. When it comes time for us to show the Lord we really love him, let's not pull back. That's right. Amen. at that point to look at it in the hardline of Jewish uh matrimonial tradition going back into the old Jewish tradition once the vow is said she belongs to him now in this feminist day that we live in that just seems to be just oh so that's horrible belong that means possession no that's how God looked at it once a vow is exchanged you're not your own anymore aren't you glad we're not our own. Amen. The vow has been exchanged and and we're moving from this partial relationship. Well, I'm engaged to the Lord Jesus Christ. Isn't that good enough? No, my brother and sister. We got to move into the fullness of the marriage of the lamb. Amen. It's not an engagement of the lamb. It's not a courtship of the lamb. It's a marriage of the lamb. And God, help us just not to stop, not to hesitate, but just drive right in that and say, "I want to be the lamb's wife." Amen. I don't want to just have some partial relationship. I want to be the lamb's wife. Hallelujah. Amen. Because living in the partial leaves us lacking. But we're being called into the full realization. Aren't you glad tonight? Amen. Sister Vikica, will you come? Hey, man. I need to unwind myself here. Just just this last little bit of thought. So, we see Enoch, right? In Genesis 5, we see that Enoch, Amen, walked with God and was not, for God took him. And and we look at that as seeing Enoch as perfect. Now, if Enoch had just been born perfect, my brother and sister, would God not have some obligation if he made one man perfect that he would be obligated to make you and I perfect? We're talking within the kingdom of God. So, Enoch was not our idea of perfect. It was not our idea of what he did to please God. The reality of it is all that mattered was that the Lord was happy, that the Lord viewed him with pleasure. Scripture 5:24, "And Enoch walked with God, was not, for God took him." You see, my brother and sister, this is exactly what God's moving you and I to come to the place that we've been walking with the Lord. Now, it doesn't give us a real diagram of everything that Enoch went through. It doesn't show the the fiery trials, the tests as it is with Job. We don't see as it is with other men in scripture what they went through. But what it does is gives us a very clear picture. And let me just say this in simplicity as I close. The definition of walk is to move forward by placing one foot in front of another. Yeah, that's right. To stroll. Amen. Well, praise God. You know what I think I'm going to do? I think I'm going to get up off of my seat. I think I'm going to get out of the chair. I think I'm gonna quit standing here and complaining and I'm gonna start walking with the Lord. Amen. Oh, nowhere does it show that he just received that as just a gift anymore than we have received the gift from our Lord Jesus Christ. Enoch, here I come. Here I come. I'm taking what the Lord said about you. I'm gonna move forward by placing one foot in front of another. Amen. I'm gonna stroll over heaven. Amen. I want to stroll over heaven with you. If you're if you're willing, if you're welcome to that idea. Amen. To walk along and say, "Man, I don't know where we come from. What I do know is is God was faithful cuz we're here. I don't know that we'll remember all the trials and the struggle and that." He said he'd wipe every tear from our eyes. So maybe there will be some remembrance of what we went through. But what we will remember was the lamb made the way for you and I. He gave us the guidance, the direction, and the strength. Amen. Let us stroll. Amen. And walk. Amen. See, God's bringing this partial realization into a full realization. One step at a time. I'm in South Africa and I hope you understand this. I don't say it just to be funny, but I had a brother, I know this brother, had a brother come up to me and look me in the face. He said, "Did you go to Krueger?" And I said, "No, they offered to take us, but I wanted to focus on the people." And he says, "Well, we appreciate that, Brother Paul. God bless you." How do you eat an elephant? One bite at a time. One bite at a time. That's right. And that's what actually stirred me. One step at a time, we're going to have victory. One step at a time, we're going to come closer to the rapture. We don't need a miracle to get us there, my brother and sister, but one step at a time, drawing us closer to the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. 2:30. Amen. And then I'm going to ask brother Alex, maybe brother Sergey can cover. Amen. Sing that song. There's none like you. Amen. It's got that little f/G thing, you know. I don't know what that means. It's just part of the alphabet to me. Amen. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none. Let's just stand and worship the Lord for just a minute [Music] now. And there is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like you. One last time. Oh, there is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternity, Lord. Lord and find there is none like you. Amen. Let's go to the key of D. Song number 425. We'll sing the chorus. We walk in the light. Beautiful life. Come where the dew drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Sing that again. We'll walk in the light. Beautiful light. Come where the dew drops of mercy are bright. God shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Amen. Let's go to number 557 as we get ready to dismiss. See in shady green pastures so rich and so sweet. God leads his dear children along. Where the waterers cool flow bait the weery ones feet. God leads his dear children along. Some through the waterers, some through the flood, some through the fire, but all through the blood, some through great sorrow, but God gives us Oh, in the night season and all the day long. And sometimes on the mount where the sun shines so bright, God leads his dear children along. [Music] Sometimes in the valley, in the darkest of night, God leads his dear children along. Some through the waterers, some through the flood, some through the fire, but all through the blood, some through great sorrow. But God gives us all in the night season and all the day long. When those sorrows befall us and Satanos, God leads his dear children along. Through grace we can coner, defeat all our foes. God leads his dear children along. Some through the waterers, some through the flood, some through the fire, but all through the blood, some through great sorrow. But God gives a song in the night season and all the day long. Oh, away from the mire and away from the clay. God leads his dear children along way up in glory. Eternity day God leads his dear children [Music] along. Some through the waterers, some through the flood, some through the fire. But all through the blood, some through great sorrow, but God gives a song in the night season and all the day long. Some through the waters. Some through the waterers, some through the flood, some through the fire, but all through the blood, some through great sorrow. But God gives a song in the night season and all the day long. Amen. As we dismiss number 10:42, this is the evening time. It's later than you think. The bride is preparing now for her Lord to me. And all things are ready [Music] now. The bridegroom I [Music] hear, and he that hath an ear to hear, the evening time is here. One more time. This is the evening time. It's later than you think. The bride is preparing now for Lord to [Music] me and all things are ready now. The bridegroom my [Music] ear. He that hath an ear to hear, the evening time is here. All things are ready now. Oh, all things are ready now. The bridegroom I hear, and he that hath an ear to hear, the evening time is here. Amen. You're dismissed. God bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music]
