################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-14 - May 14, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett Be Careful For Nothing - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-14
Title:    May 14, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett "Be Careful For Nothing"
Speaker:  Paul Haylett
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 49m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0_wJDCWrco
========================================

Description:
Bro Paul Haylett
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Oh yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] This is your house. Father, come and dwell. This is your house, a holy house of prayer, where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. [Music] This is your [Music] house. Come and dwell. Amen. Good to be here this evening. Amen. Good to see sister Andrea, Sister Alice. God bless you. Good to see you guys. Sister April, it's good to see you, too. I guess it's been a while. Nice to have visitors with us today. God bless each one of you. Amen. Hallelujah. I'd like to start with uh on Christ the solid rock. I was just singing that today in the car. My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness. I dare not trust the sweetest frame, but holy lean on Jesus name. On Christ the soly rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. When darkness seems to hide his face, I rest on his unchanging grace. In every high and stormy gale, my anchor holds within the veil. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. His oath his covenant and his blood support me in the whelming flood. Then all my round my soul gives way. He then is all my hope and stay. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. when he shall come with trumpet sound. Oh, may I then in him be found, trust in his righteousness alone, faultless to stand before the throne. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. Amen. Amen. I know when I go hiking, I like to have firm footing. Amen. Definitely in my spiritual life. Hallelujah. Amen. Um let's sing ancient words. I didn't didn't even get my chance to write my songs on paper. Holy words long preserved for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life, words of hope, give us strength, help us go in this world where we roam. The word of God will guide us home. Word of God ever true, changing me changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Holy words of our faith handed down through this age claim to us through sacrifice. Oh, heed the faithful words of Christ. Holy word is long preserved for our walk in this word. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Word of God, ever true, changing me and changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Word of God ever true, changing me and changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Amen. Amen. Let me walk with you, [Music] Jesus. Or sorry, I'm let your holy spirit follow me. Sorry. [Music] Lord, Lord, let your holy spirit fall on me. Like a cloak of calmness on a troubled sea. My restless soul is longing to be free. Lord, let your Holy Spirit fall on me. Lord, let your Holy Spirit fall on me. Like a cloak of calmness on a troubled sea. My restless soul is longing to be free. Lord, let your Holy Spirit fall on me. Lord, let your Holy Spirit fall on me. Like a cloak of calmness on a troubled sea. My restless soul is longing to be free. Lord, let your Holy Spirit fall on me. Amen. Amen. That's my desire this evening. Lord, just let that Holy Spirit fall on me. Amen. Amen. I want to sing that little chorus. Um, it's already done. As Let's just stand as we get ready to go to prayer this evening. [Music] It's already [Music] done. It's already done. The battle is over. A victory's been won and it's already done. I'm already [Music] sealed. I'm already sealed. The battle is over. A victory been won. And I'm already sealed. Family is [Music] here. My family is [Music] sealed. The battle is over. The victory's been won. My family is sealed. I'm already healed. Claim that tonight. Amen. I'm already healed. The battle is over. The victory's been won. And I'm already healed. Sing it again. Amen. And I'm already here. I'm already here. The battle is over. The victories been won. And I'm already here. It's already done. [Music] It's already done. The battle is over. The victories been won. It's already [Music] done. Amen. Do you believe that this evening? Praise the Lord. Amen. I wanted to give a little little testimony here before we go to prayer this evening. I um we've been having some car trouble. And you probably don't know this, but I love working on cars. I say that very sarcastically. Um working on cars makes me think very not very nice thoughts about the people that make cars and people that design cars. And so I I don't really like working on cars. Um, our Escape broke down a while back. The steering went out in it and uh um sometimes can be a when it comes to working on cars because I don't like working on cars. I am a bit of a u Debbie Downer. Oh, it's toast. Get rid of it. But I don't like spending money either. So, um so when the steering went out, I was like, "Well, we should probably get rid of it. I looked it up on, you know, Google and uh, oh, you know, that part's a couple thousand bucks or whatever it was and that car is not worth that to me. Let's get rid of it. And then I waited and I talked to the neighbor and he's kind of a mechanic guy. He's like, I think it's probably the sensor. It's probably just a sensor. Sensor is only $50. I'm like, oh, okay. Get on there, look look some things up. Yeah, I could probably fix that. Well, it had been parked all this time. This has gone over months now. And the uh so I go out there to start it up and battery is dead. Okay, battery's dead. Great. Okay, go get a new battery. Put the battery in there. Everything looks like it's going to fire up now. It won't start now. Okay. Um, so it sat probably another month or two in the meantime and uh I uh we I started looking at cars again and we went me and my wife went out and looked looked at cars and I'm like, man, I don't really feel like spending 20 or $30,000 on a new car. You know, I just drive this thing till the wheels fall off. And uh that was uh that was Friday night. go home Friday night and I got up that morning and I said I thought to myself, you know, get up in front of the saints at church and I talk about faith and praying and trusting in the Lord, right? So I said to myself, you know, I'm just going to commit it to God and then I'm going to walk and I'm going to commit it to him and as I you know, I'm going to pray about it until I have peace about it. And I did that and I felt inspired to go work on the car. That's strange for me, but I did. So I went out and I worked on the car and I got it started. Well, I figured out what the problem was the next day. The part showed up and I got it started and I was like, "Yes, hallelujah. Praise the Lord." That was Sunday night. And then um I wasn't feeling well Monday, so I still had to fix the steering, right? And um Tuesday night when I got home from work, I felt a lot better and I'm like, I'm going to go out there and fix the steering. Going to have a car again. I took everything went swimmingly smooth. I didn't I don't think I banged my knuckles once. Um but when I got done, steering didn't work still. I tried to be I tried to, you know, I was like, I'll take it for a drive. It's probably I'm probably just imagining it, you know, trying to be positive. And by the time I got home, I was a little bit I was a little bit upset and probably a little grumpy cuz I'd been working on cars and the car still didn't work. But I woke up woke up that morning and I was a little sorry, you know me, I get a little thinks about the Lord. But I woke up that morning and I was still a little upset. and I opened up to Hebrews and I just read the like I don't remember which one it is in Hebrews, but he says, "I'll never leave thee nor forsake thee." You know, and I thought, you know, Lord, you're so good to me. And I was getting ready for work and I was just going to drive the car anyways. No power steering. I thought I'm I'll just not take the freeway or anything crazy, right? So, I um got as I'm walking out the door, something said to me, "My scanner was sitting there." I said, "Grab your scanner." And I grabbed my scanner and I got in the car and I started it up and I wait a minute. So, I turned it off, hooked the scanner up, turned turned the key again, turned the scanner on. I thought I should clear the codes. So, I cleared the codes, started it back up, and it worked perfectly fine. And as I was driving to work, I just felt felt the presence of the Lord. He said, "You know, you committed it to me. I'm going to take care of it for [Music] you." He's faithful. He's faithful. When we give whatever it is in this life over to him, maybe we don't like the outcome or the outcome doesn't happen quite like we thought it would, but he's going to take care of it. He's going to take care of it. Praise him. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Let's just sing that chorus. Change my heart, oh God. As we get ready to go to [Music] prayer, change my heart, oh God, make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. You are the potter. I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is what I [Music] pray. Change my heart, oh [Music] God. Make it ever true. [Music] Change my heart, oh [Music] God. May I be like you. Amen. Want to remember the saints in Russia, Ukraine, and all the war affected areas over there. Amen. Lord, just be with them. Want to hold up our brother Pashant, sister Kcha, and little Isaac in prayer. Amen. [Music] Uh, Sister Jolyn, says Sister April on here, but you're with us this evening. Amen. Sister Sue, Sister Susan, Sister Carrie as well, but you're here, too. So wonderful. Amen. Brother Dace and the family, Sister Vicki, uh, Brother Wayne and the family there in Montana, the saints in South Africa as they continue to pray for a pastor. Amen. Saints in northern Idaho. Sister Toma who's traveling. Brother Ivan and Sister Nadia not able to make it tonight. Little Tig wasn't feeling well today. So just hold him up in prayer. Amen. And the Graham family and brother David, sister Diane away celebrating their anniversary. May the Lord just be with them. And brother Jose and the family in Tri Cities. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we come before you this evening, Lord. Lord, so thankful to you, Lord Jesus, that we were able to rise this morning, Lord God. Lord, and for your goodness in our lives, Lord Jesus, that you just thinking of the words of that song. Your goodness is running after us, Lord God. If we just slow if we just slow down and let it catch up to us sometimes, Lord Jesus. Lord, just slow down and bow our heads sometimes and just trust you, Lord God. Lord, we give you thanks and thank you for your grace and your mercy, your love unto us each and every day, Lord Jesus. How we love you and how we appreciate you, Lord God. Help us, Lord God. Mold us and make us as we've just sang, Lord Jesus. May you just take us, Lord Jesus, and make us more like you each and every day, Lord God. That our lives would be a your word expressed, Lord Jesus. Just a living testimony to those, Lord. Just that the life of Christ would just pour out from us, Lord Jesus. that anybody we come in contact with Lord would just be changed Lord by our words by our actions even just to look upon us Lord Jesus that they would your spirit would be so rich upon us Lord God that would change them Lord Jesus we pray and as we've mentioned these requests tonight each and every one Lord God the different ones that are not feeling well, Lord Jesus, are unable to make it, Lord. May you be with them even now, Lord. And the different ones traveling, may the grant them traveling mercies, Lord. The ones that are listening in, Lord Jesus, may with their heads bowed, they just be blessed this evening, Lord Jesus, by the speaking of your word, Lord. How we love you, Lord. Just draw us closer to you. Fill us more and more each day. I ask, Lord Jesus. May you just have your will and your way in the service tonight, Lord God. May the you just be found your presence and the praise and worship tonight, Lord God, in the hearts of your saints. We pray be with our brother Paul as you'd bring the word this night. Lord, we give you thanks and ask these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. I'm sorry. Wanted to remind everyone uh communion this Sunday, right? Five o'clock this Sunday. Well, uh, let me walk with you, [Music] Jesus. I've been on the mountain with Jesus. I've been in the valley so low, but never one time has he failed me. To him with my trles I go. Let me walk with you, Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. For without you I could never no never make heaven my home. You found me when I was so lonely. You found me when I was so blue. You found me when no one would love me. And no one knew just what to do. Let me walk with you, Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. or without you I could never. No, never make heaven my home. [Music] I've been on the mountain with Jesus. I've been in the valley so low. But never one time has he failed me. To him with my troubles. I go. Let me walk with you, Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. For without you, I could never. Oh, never make heaven my home. And let me walk with you, Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. or without you I could never. No, never make heaven my home. Amen. Amen. As we get ready to turn the service over to brother Paul, I just want to sing that little chorus. Um, keep me true, Lord Jesus. [Music] Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. There's a race that I must run. There are victories to be won. Give me power every hour to be true. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. There's a race that I must run. There are victories to be won. Give me power every hour to be true. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Lord Jesus, keep me true. There's a race that I must run and there are victories to be won. Keep me true every hour to be true. Amen. That reminds me of the little story about the little girl. She approached her dad and she said, "Daddy, they said in church about serving the Lord Jesus all the days of your life." And she said, "That just seems like an awfully long time." And her dad said, "Well, sweetheart, maybe you could just serve him for a year." And she said, "Oh, Daddy, a year is a long, long time." He said, "Well, maybe, sweetheart, you could serve him for six months." And she said, "Oh, I can't even imagine." And they bring it all the way down for the little girl. Can you just serve him minute by minute? Amen. And we look at this whole picture of how gracious the Lord is. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Amen. We don't have to try to look off and say, "Well, well, to the coming of the Lord, I want to remain faithful." Let's just be faithful right right now. Amen. Ain't that wonderful? Amen. Hallelujah. Well, some pleasant surprises. Amen. God bless you. Amen. So happy to have each and every one of you. I I hope this is not too personal, but I was just listening as we're harvesting. I was just listening to the prophet and I couldn't even tell you now what service it was exactly because I just been listening to a bunch. and and he was talking about brother Neville. And when he started talking about what a blessing brother Neville was to the body and so faithfully teaching the people and supporting them, I just thought of your family and I just said prayers for you because you know God has a way of just carrying those things right on down. And when I think about that and I think about Brother Neville, I just think about what a godly legacy is in your family, Sister Alice. And you know, I got two daughters that are just uh oh, so faithful and on fire for the Lord. That just stirs my heart. Amen. Hallelujah. And uh Sister Carrie, we will forgive you over time that you have held little Isaac before all the rest of us even get to see him. Uh but we are so happy for brother Persant, Sister Acha. Uh what a handsome little man. Amen. And I just really look forward to that. Um, brother Pashant, Sister Koncha, if you're listening, uh, please bring him to us. Amen. And, uh, we just look for that. Also, I want to just, uh, uh, encourage you to continue to remember brother Donnie in South Africa. Uh, you want to talk about the Lord doing things. uh he uh you know his chest started hurting uh right after he just preached some wonderful services. They had uh I think seven baptisms and three or four more that that um were not prepared for that for that weekend. And then he comes back home and and uh chest hurts and they said, "Well, your lungs are clear full of blood clots." And um you know so they they wanted to keep him in the hospital but you know literally uh in a very short time they said well you might as well go home uh take this medicine it's going to take time for it to work you probably will not preach for 6 months. He preached just here Sunday evening and he didn't hold anything back. Amen. So, just continue to pray for for brother Donnie. You know, the Lord's healing him. And uh I don't see sister Ulia, but I think Sister Vika had some wisdom teeth pulled. And uh is she doing okay? Yes. Yes. I can only imagine. Amen. But anyway, let's remember Sister Vika. Let's just stand as we go. Uh I sure appreciate the song service. you know, our musicians, God blesses us that we and um even uh you know, maybe with limited attendance and we we've got uh uh still a beautiful atmosphere for song service. Amen. And we thank the Lord for that. I want to just take something from the scripture uh and uh when I start to read it, you'll see. But I want to title this, be careful for nothing. Now, that seems like a pretty big order, right, to come that that we would just not there's nothing here that would intimidate us. Uh nothing here that would stop us. Now, we've all been there. We've been intimidated. We've been stopped. The devil shows up like a giant and and we kind of tend to cower just a little bit in that. remember Israel there and they looked out there and they were like, "Oh my, not only is the average Philistine a big guy, but Goliath is just above and beyond." And so I've got a giant in my life and it's holding me back, but the word tells us, "Be careful for nothing." Amen. So those giants are subject to the word of God. Just like a little devil, Amen. A big devil still subject. Amen. And every one of those, the word says, have been placed under our feet. So, we don't have to look at the size of the situation and say, "That's that's too much, my brother and sister." Kind of like, you know, how the prophet showed us there's no degrees of sin, right? So, it's not a little sin and a big sin. It's just sin. There's not a big devil and a little devil. It's just a devil. Amen. And so, we don't have to be careful. Sorry, my nose is itching here. This is driving me crazy. Uh we don't have to be careful for nothing. Amen. Now let's just turn in our Bibles to Philippians the 4th chapter verses 4-9. And um we will see this here where I was uh uh uh moved to name or title this tonight. Rejoice in the Lord always. And again I say rejoice. You know, we could stop right there and go home and say, "We were blessed to be in the house of God." Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand. Be careful for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving. Let your requests be known unto God. Now, I just want to put a footnote here real quick. often times the bigger or uh uh uh uh seemingly insurmountable situation is there. We don't find ourselves coming to the Lord saying, "Thank you for this trial. Thank you for this situation." We tend to find ourselves intimidated by the size of what we're facing, the the overall what we view it. God looks down and says, "Ha, nothing. Nothing. Just one word and that's settled." And we're saying, "Oh Lord, the world has come to an end. What do we do?" But it's telling us, in everything, can we repeat that? In everything, Amen. by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God. And the peace of God which passeth all understanding, Amen. There's not anything that's beyond that understanding, right? Shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus. Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report. If there be any virtue, if there be any praise, think on these things. Those things which you have both learned and received and heard and seen in me. Space of time, not just blended in, right? We just hurry right on through it. Do we're given an action as a command, an action. these things that you have heard and you have received and uh you you've seen. Amen. Aren't you glad we get to actually see the word of God lived out? And it's it's not that we have to look back in history and say, "Oh, look at the Apostle Paul. Look at Matthew, Mark, Luke, John." We can look right in our own midst. Amen. We can look right here this evening. I just Sorry, I don't mean to be too forward, but we've seen God come on the scene and heal. Amen. We're not looking hoping someday to see a testimony that God is a healer. When we were singing the songs and stuff there, it just struck me. We have witness right here in our midst of doctors saying, "We don't know what we can do about this. It's this." And then God comes and says, "Just remember, trust me. I'm your healer. I'm your healer and I'm on the scene." Amen. Ain't that beautiful? We're not looking for a God of history. And we're not looking for the God of the future. We're looking for a God that's in church with us tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Those things which you have both learned and received and heard and seen in me do. And the God of peace shall be with you. Heavenly Father, we just ask you for your blessings tonight. May the word, Father, come and just touch our hearts. I mean it tonight, Lord, in my heart as an encouraging word that we would bring tonight. and just ask, Father, that you would come move as you would, Father, on the midst of your people. Touch each heart according to their need. Guide each one, Father, for those that are not here tonight. We ask for your tender hand of mercy, Lord, to be with each and everyone. May the word be open to us. May revelation flow that we can walk out, Lord, reminded that we are already a victorious people. We thank you now in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. You know, I uh I just uh one of the notes I just wrote down here as I was putting all of this together is that we need to apply this scripture every day of our lives. Amen. The things of good report. Amen. The prophet of God, you know, reminds it's not part of my sermon, but just struck me. He reminded us that uh when we say that we're not very strong and we can't do it, you know, we're speaking the devil's language. And I certainly don't want to go on record as as being a supporter of Satan's uh language. Amen. It's uh it's not who we are. Amen. So, as we're looking at this scripture, if I can just uh dive right into it, uh I want to know, my brother and sister, are we bold enough? The word of God is right here. It's telling us that to be careful. Amen. For nothing. And we would desire that um we would come and the scripture of verse five, let me just back up a little bit. Let your moderation. Now, we can take this several different variations of this definition of moderation, but I'm going to bring it in this fashion right here that God wants us, my brother and sister, to take the word and apply it to our life. He doesn't want us to plow the ditch on the left. He doesn't want us to plow the ditch on the right. But we want to be known by the balance that we have in our life. and you know to do all things in moderation to live a gospel the life of Jesus Christ in moderation that the people would see who we are by our action by how we live out the word. In other words, if I could just be so strong to say it tonight, my brother and sister, we don't want to be known as it would be liberal as believers, but we also don't want to be known as the legalist of believers. We want to find that center road. The gospel is there. You know, we look at those things. You would look at Peter just for an example for a moment tonight. Look at Peter as as he is speaking and he is acting out. Now Jesus looks at him and says, "Satan, get thee behind me." Now that I I I have to admit I believe that would be something that having that spoken to us would be would be crushing. It it would be as though like oh my. But you see what Jesus was doing was taking Peter who if we were there might have behaved exactly the same way. And he was centering Peter up. And the final touch you might say on that is when he declares that you're going to deny me and Peter says never. But yet it is there. I was just looking through some pictures a few days ago of our time in Israel. And remember we're there in the statue and there is Peter sitting and there's the tree and there is the rooster on top of it. And it so struck me as we're looking at that to realize that Peter while in his heart was fully committed. I would never never deny my Lord Jesus. and the moment how that must have crushed his spirit uh when that rooster crows and and it's there in that situation but you see God was allowing Peter to be centered he come back to actually see I can fail I am not invincible I can fail I need this gospel more than I ever thought and I would say tonight that I'm coming to a realization I need this gospel more than I've ever thought I needed it. Amen. I find myself saying, "Oh, you know, here I am in this situation and you're tossed and and tempted and things are coming in such a fashion and you find yourself maybe not angry in the sense we typically relate it, but you find yourself having a great emotion and then you realize, oh Lord, help me." That's, you know, one more step that might have been a temper. Uh, and you know, things that happen and we realize what's happening. Uh I I just listened to a brother. I won't mention his name. You would know it if I if I shared it. But he was preaching here recently and he made a comment. He says these things that God is doing in our lives, what he is doing is exposing us. Oh my, my brother and sister, I say, Lord, expose me tonight. Amen. I don't want to be exposed as an unbeliever. Amen. or the makebeliever, but the things that are in our life expose them. Amen. That's how we get them out. Not by covering it up, not being told it don't matter, but by the word of God coming and showing us this needs to leave my life. Amen. So, as we look at this, we realize that it's our moderation uh to be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand. be careful for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be known unto God. And it really struck me, and I I just want this, as I said, to be an encouraging thought tonight to be able to apply the scripture uh every day in our lives. And you know, we find ourselves sometimes in the midst of trials. Maybe this is just more of a personal thing, but we find ourselves approaching God almost more like beggars than we do uh uh boldly. We find ourselves, oh Lord, you know, I did this wrong and I did that wrong and Lord, can you please just come and do this, can you do this? But that's really not the way that the word here is speaking uh to the Philippians. you know, he's he's telling them there that you need to be uh not to be careful for nothing. You need to come boldly. And it's in that realm that we find that what God is doing, he's bringing us to a place and and that's why my nose is going to drive me crazy. I don't know what it is uh that I put this down in words. Are we bold enough? Now my brother and sister, there comes a time and a place that we would come and and we know my brother and sister that we want to submit everything in our life for God's reveal. We we want to just submit it. We want to come We don't want to ask him to fix it after we've messed it up. We want him to lead us before we get to that. And so it's in that place that that we want to submit everything for the Lord's review. And no matter how small, you know, it's kind of interesting, my brother and sister, that that uh sometimes we get this idea that that uh the little things of life, we we just don't need to worry and bother the Lord with it. But he really cares about every aspect of our life. Now, I did not go this avenue tonight because Lord willing, we won't go as long as that would have taken. But uh some lovely quotes coming to the fact that uh our Lord Jesus is not complete until he is married to his bride. The prophet of God lays that out beautifully my brother and sister. And the bride is not complete until she is married to her bridegroom. And so we look at this the whole picture to be complete must come to a place that it is in a fullness. the action has taken place and we're not looking into the future that we will be the bride but the prophet of God uh uh said you know I now call you bride. Amen. So there is a junction of time that God is is uh conveying to us that it's no longer we'll in the future somewhere identify ourselves as the bride of Christ but we now can stand here even tonight and make the declaration we are the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. That means that there's something been closed. The loop has been closed and there is something that is finished. Amen. It has come to a fullness and here it is that in essence can be with with uh that with confidence laid out that this is a seventh seal uh revealed right now. We're no longer looking to be bride one day. But the prophet of God said I now call you bride. Now you could say, "Oh, that was just terminology." I like the terminology. Okay. I like the identity terminology. To say I'm saved is terminology. to say I'm forgiven is terminology. So we can look at that in that sense or we can look at that and say God's word will never return void. So therefore when he said I am the bride of Christ, I am now the bride of Jesus Christ. And we can stand on the word and hold to that. Amen. Now we know that our desire I I'm I'm speaking very positive to believers tonight. We know that our desire is pure. Amen. we're coming to the Lord. I I would just have to say I would trust that none of us have uh some ulterior motive. Uh we don't we don't have a desire to to be known in the world or to to rise above our peers as it were, but our our desire is pure and our motive is pure. And so God is granting to us in that position a bold entrance to the throne. Amen. When he tells us to come boldly to the throne of God, he didn't put any quantifiers there, a certain date, a certain time, and only if this happens, come boldly to the throne. But we come to a place at the opening of the word. And in that that opening of the word, that boldness comes with identity. When there's identity crisis, there is no boldness. Amen. But when we know who we are, we can then come boldly to the throne of God. And when we read the word, as we've made reference here, and the word says, "I'm your healer," we can come boldly to the throne because we know that was speaking to me, was speaking to you. Amen. And I I just put this this bold interest to the throne. I want to have an Esther kind of boldness. Amen. They all said, "Now, if you go in, Esther, and he does not hold the scepter out to you, that you would be banished and you will never come before the king ever again in your life." Now, my brother and sister, if you were just worried about your own position, you would say, "There's a high risk. I better not take it." But Esther had a higher calling. Amen. As a bride to the king, Amen. She knew that she actually had an obligation. Mori put it in pretty strong words to her. He said, "It's for this occasion, for this time, for this purpose that you have come, been called into the kingdom." And my brother and sister, this is the age that God said a bride would rise up. Amen. The prophet speaks of this. A bride would rise up in this day and she would bring glory to her God. Amen. Bring glory to her savior. Amen. She would then come and edify her bridegroom. Amen. And there's nothing like having your wife, Amen, represent you in such a fashion. What a glorious thing. Now, I'm going to keep this simple, okay? But to to be married and to have a wife that that is spoken highly and even just our sisters, it doesn't really have to come down to be a wife. That that it is there's a representation that is there spoken highly of. Amen. What does that do? It brings glory without the horns blown and confetti and everything. It brings glory. Now, I'll just share this with you. Talking to a brother here the other day. Amen. And he made a comment to me. He says, "You know, Brother Paul, you're really blessed." And and I wasn't feeling too blessed that day. Amen. I I was feeling very stressed. Not blessed. Amen. They're spelled pretty close, right? But not quite the same. And And I'm feeling a little stressed. And he says, "You know, Brother Paul, you're really blessed." And I said, "Yes, brother. I I believe so." And he says, "Well, I'm talking about the church. You got a church full of wonderful people that love the Lord." And and you're really blessed as a pastor because I preach a lot of places and not every church is welcoming and open and receives the word. Uh and and you you are blessed. And I got to thinking about that. You know what? Amen. Here it is. I'm getting the compliment from this minister, but it is you that brings it to a place where the compliment means something. Amen. It wasn't he said, Paul, you are such a great guy to preach to. He's talking about the body. Amen. The believers and here it is that we as that and Esther, you know, she had that relationship with her with her husband and there's what separated it wasn't just she's married to the king. That's a very good term, a very good position to be in. But that kind of position, my brother and sister, would never bring you because Vashi, she was just married to the king. Amen. She didn't have a relationship with him or she would have never disrespected him like she did. She was just married to the king and she thought, you know what? I I'm just as on solid footing as the queen. I can do what I want. The prophet of God brings this and says that was a spirit that has come into the churches of this day because they believe they're on equal footing. Amen. As a dominant as the wife being dominant, they believe they're on equal footing with the king. Amen. And God says, uh, nope. That that's not how it works. That's not going to work. God wants a bride, a wife that has that brings honor, brings that respect, brings that praise. And you know, the the uh carnal mind comes and says, "Well, I I don't know that I want to serve a God." I just read this the other day, a man making these comments. I don't know that I would serve a God that I had to constantly give him praise. And I thought, boy, you would be a great person to be married to. You know, I mean, it it's a component that we have to to have as humanity, right? God made us in this image so that we could relate to who we are in our relationship to him. And I I don't know of anybody that's normal. Let me put it that way. Capital normal. Uh but that that doesn't like to hear a compliment, doesn't like to be lifted up and have something nice said. And and you know, uh somebody would say, "I wouldn't want to serve a God that I had to constantly praise." You know, uh does he have, you know, a problem with self-confidence? And I thought, man, you're going to hear those words echo one day and you're going to say, have confidence when God says, "Depart from me." There won't be any argument then about who's in authority and who's in control. And so Esther kind of bold and it's there that you look at this. They're trying to talk Esther out of it. Esther, you you you know, you don't realize what you're doing cuz if he doesn't accept you, then you will never see the king again. But the thing was is Esther knew, right? This is the kind of bold that I'm talking about. Esther knew that the king would respond to her voice. And when God said, "Come boldly to the throne." Amen. He knew. He was already declaring, "I will hear your voice. I will receive you. It's not going to fall on empty ears." And you know, Esther says, "Hey, I have to do this." Now my brother and sister, you imagine that all of those chamberlains and all of those maids that had fallen in love with Esther that they were there, they cared about her. She was a different kind of of a bride, a different kind of a person, and they cared about her. And and uh they had procured the best. She didn't want max factor. She didn't want all these other things. She just wanted to be who God made her to be. And she wanted to present herself. and she presented herself in simplicity. And uh I I won't go into that, but I knew a man uh uh that years ago used to love the phrase simple elegance. And I think we can all relate to to that. You don't have to have, you know, everything gussied up, you know. And as a deal, I I I hope you don't mind me saying this. I I read a deal some time back here. Uh, and the guy was talking about exotic sport cars and and he makes a comment. He says, "You'd have to wonder about the mentality of someone who had put a bumper sticker on a Maserati." And so, it's there that you think about that. Amen. We don't need a bumper sticker saying, "I'm a Christian." Amen. Who we are says boldly. It shouts it to the heavens that we believe. Amen. that the word is preeminent in our life. We don't have to run around telling everybody, "I'm a Christian. I'm a Christian." Because it shows. Amen. And so, it's there that Esther knew she had to do this. She knew that's what she had called Mordei and planted that in her. But Morortei didn't wait till she was needing to go before the king. He had started from a little girl. Amen. when he adopted her into his family, such a lovely type there, he started planting the idea of who she was and what she was when she was a little girl. He didn't come to the crisis and then say, "Wait, wait, you're a daughter of God. Wait, wait, you should this. Wait, wait, you should do that." But it was already something in her and it was there. Now, John 14 and 12. Amen. Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also. Greater works than these shall he do because I go unto my father. Now, I was just listening and brother Brandham lays this out and he says, now it's really shouldn't say greater. It should say more. Amen. So, we're not going to do something greater than our Lord Jesus Christ did as far as magnificent and whatever, but we're going to see the word come. And what the prophet lays out here is it's not going to be confined in one place. like I'm sorry I just been uh on on a little deal here some stuff. But but my brother and sister, we don't need a prophet to come back so that we can have healings and deliverances and people receive the Holy Ghost and and all of these things, the word be open to us. We don't have to go back there because the prophet showing us that when God's in the church, when the Holy Spirit is in the midst of the people, these signs shall be and they will happen. They're happening in Africa. They're happening in Europe, South America. They're happening wherever in the world that the believer is gathered. These things are happening. Amen. We had that sister. Amen. There in in South Africa. I don't know, maybe you guys wouldn't have heard this testimony, but we're right there at a f a Saturday evening fellowship. A and uh it was really incredible because a sister stands up. She says, "I I have a a testimony." And uh so she stands up and she says it was in the midst of the service. Now I don't say this that because I was preaching but it shows to me that God is present when faith is there. And so she says, "Brother Paul was preaching. Here it is in the Friday evening service." And brother Paul is preaching and I'm looking up there and brother Paul goes blurry and the the the screen and whatever it goes blurry and she's like, "Oh my, what is happening to my eyes?" And she took her glasses off to rub her eyes and she could see perfectly. Amen. The blurry was because God had healed her in that moment and her eyes did not need what we would call correction. Amen. and God healed her and f uh Saturday evening they had a fireside uh testimony and song service and whatnot and she shared that and and uh brother uh Tim Dods was actually there and he just or no that was brother Dale wasn't that just challenged her uh read the screen and they had a music screen uh for the music out on the end of the thing there read that and then sing it amen and she just can see it perfectly now my brother and sister we weren't preaching about healing. We weren't preaching about having faith. We were just preaching about believing the word and whatever was going on in her life, her prayer life. She was called just like Esther, she was called for that moment. And she responded in that moment. And Lord, I believe and you are my healer. And so, it's there that it God come on the scene. And she was just as important for that moment as Esther was for her moment. Oh my, how beautiful this is. Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also, and greater works than these shall he do, because I go unto my father, and whatsoever ye shall ask in my name. What a what an ingredient here. Let's grip this, my brother and sister. That will I do that the father may be glorified in the son. Amen. And so when we ask and we come boldly to the throne of God, not not coming passively, not coming as it is just as a beggar, not just hoping somehow this might be, but we come as sons and daughters of God. I believe this promise. I believe this word. It was spoken and I say amen to it. And he says, when you ask in my name, that will I do. Can we possibly saints not have had a high enough expectation? We have that, oh Lord, if we we we will spend more time praying if it's your will, Lord. It has to be his will or he wouldn't have put it in his word. Amen. He's not running like a a lottery and the thing is spinning and a little ball falls out every once in a while. I'll just heal one. My brother and sister, I honestly I I'm just preaching from my heart. I think that we have had way too low of expectation of what God will do in our midst. And and he's trying to encourage us. Come on, just claim everything. Whatsoever you ask in my name, Amen, that will I do. And I think we need to come more bold to the throne. Amen. Now, God expects a life behind this, right? But the prophet of God, remember he's speaking and he says, you know, people wonder how it is that a real saintly daughter of God would come and and she doesn't receive her healing. And some young woman, maybe not everything quite right in her life, comes off the street and as she's there, she says, "You know what? They said that he's my healer and I believe that he's my healer and God heals him." You know what the problem is? That woman didn't have any more sense than to just believe God was her healer. And we as Christians, as believers, are over here saying, "If I can get to this place, and if I can do that, and if I can get this straightened out and I can praise God enough, he'll heal me." He said he is our healer. Amen. And simple faith will bring that to pass. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, I just say this for reference. You can find it. Uh it's not even on the won't be on the screen. Uh at uh and thy seed shall possess the gate of the enemy 62 01 January 121 or I mean January uh the 21st 1962. These are the direct words, but just pulled right out. I'm going to tell you right now, they're just pulled right out. They fail that still small voice of the word. still small voice. The word keeps you balanced to the cross. That's where it lays. That's why we don't have genuine prophets in the church today like Agabus. Now, go look this up. I encourage you take the note, look it up on the screen after the fact. But you see what happens is is God's here. And that's why I draw this out, but I just want to be fair to give you the reference. the still small voice. Is it finished? God was done speaking or we're waiting for somewhere in the future for God to speak again. That still small voice is right here. And the prophet of God is making the point that it's in the word. Yes. So people are like, "We're looking for the supernatural in our message, church. We're looking for this great thing for God to speak to us." and yet here is his word and they miss it because they're looking for something else. Or they would come to a place that they would misapply and say, "Well, that isn't quite what the prophet meant." H okay. They fail that still small voice of the word. It's here speaking. Now, we're a small group tonight, but I can just ask you, has that voice been speaking? Yes. Amen. I think I think we could lift a hand and really acknowledge it. That voice is speaking. We're not sitting here without hearing from the Lord. Amen. When we are faithful to read our Bible and study the message, amen, that voice is speaking to us through the word. This is a little bit of what the prophet was talking about when he was talking about reading between the lines. It's not just the letter on the page. That won't do it for us, my brother and sister. But when we are reading it and the voice is coming out of the word and speaking to us. Amen. And the world out here is saying, "Well, uh, you really have no right to to interpret what the prophet said." We're not interpreting. It was a voice that was speaking. Amen. I didn't create the voice. Amen. But God did give me ears to hear the voice. And so when the word starts to speak, the bride of Christ actually hears a voice speaking to them. Oh, and it changes. That still small voice. Amen. And that's where the val balance is found is in that voice. See, if the word Amen. The letter kleth, but the spirit giveth life. So, if we just read it, here we are. You know, I remember one time sitting in a church service and I I saw a brother beside me. He had a little plastic ruler. I couldn't figure out for a little bit what he was doing, but as they're reading this scripture, he's sliding it down his Bible, you know, and and I I realized what he's doing. As I get older, you know, sometimes you're reading and you just skip a whole line or, you know, something. and and he just had this little plastic ruler and he's just sliding it down the page, you know, and uh something struck me about, you know, the thing is is that little ruler, that little line that's drawn right there might be imaginary as it were, but it it's crossing over between the lines. Every bit that it goes down, it's crossing between the lines. Now, whether that speaks to us or not is how we approach it. I could get sidetracked real easy at that point right there. Um, James 4 and three says, "Ye ask and receive not because you ask a miss, you may consume it upon your lusts." Now, as we look at this uh uh uh we understand, my brother and sister that lust isn't always a a sexual or or a physical type of a lust. It can be in our spirit. It can be in our approach. Uh we might want to be better known, better dressed, better, you know, better vocabulary, uh more articulate. There's all kinds of things where these things come in and anoint that. Amen. But it's there that because we are not there with a clean open heart as we were speaking earlier we we have uh different motive we have different objective we have something behind it and uh you know we can ask but I want you to just think about this for a moment did the prosperity gospel flourish in America because they asked for wealth and no wealth showed up. It prospered in America and is deceiving millions because they asked for wealth and God let them have wealth. In other words, he granted to them the desires of their hearts. And have I told you that I've been praying to be wealthy? I want every nugget of the word. Amen. I want it possess it. I wanted everything to come and I wanted to impact my life because you see I I have my notes here. Uh the rich young ruler naturally rich spiritually poor. Now my brother and sister, we're not called to fulfill the rich young ruler's position. Amen. We might be naturally poor, but we want to be spiritually rich. Amen. And what a heritage. A little bit of the thought that touched earlier last time. What a heritage it is that God said, you know what? I'm going to put it to your family and your family and right on down. Amen. From age to age to age, I'm going to pour this in. Tell me who's rich. Amen. Not these not this prosperity gospel of the world, but sons and daughters of God that said, "Lord, I want more of you." Amen. I need more of you, Lord. I I want I want to I know your Holy Spirit. I want to know you, Father. I want to see you and I want to have a conversation with you and I want to to be personal. As the scripture says, "Depart from me. I never knew you." And we know because it's been preached for years. But we know that that word noob means more of a intercourse or a a very personal relationship that is there. So it's there. Depart from me. I never had a real relationship with you. And yet they were saying, didn't we do many mighty works? Amen. They wouldn't say those words if nothing had ever happened. That's right. But we take that oh as a sign that God was uh approval of what we were doing. But my brother and sister, God said, "Look, I did that because somebody in the audience had faith and they needed to be lifted up by the word. They needed some encouragement. They needed a deliverance. I did it for them. I didn't do it for you because you don't even know me." Oh my, what a just almost brutal position to be in as a preacher. Amen. That there would be deliverance something come to the people and deliver the people because their faith rising up just listening to the prophet. And he says, "Now look at that. I'm seeing now. Look at that. It's moving. It's moving across the uh the audience." Oh. And now it's now fallen on that little black sister right there. And you hear the sister on the tape crying out. And he says, "Oh, there it is now falling on that sister." And my brother and sister, they weren't there just in some emotional realm, but God moving so powerfully. Amen. But then the prophet of God also says, "Now look, see how that spirit, that spirit there, it needs help. It's crying out to this other spirit." And people would be like, "Oh, you know, I was so glad there was somebody else felt the same way I did in church." Hallelujah. What a what a what a position it would be in. Now, look at this once again. Make sure I want to clarify this. There'll be people listening to this maybe, possibly. Amen. I've just just like you, Lord, I realize I need more of you. Amen. I need you to make a a deposit in me, but Lord, I I need to make sure that I'm worthy as it were. Now, I'm not talking about worthy like in works, but just Lord, my life cleaned up a vessel of honor. You know, we've went through this, preached this quite a few years ago. For a vessel of honor to be clean inside and outside, that means somebody's got to be serious enough. They didn't just look at the vessel for what it looked like, but they were willing to reach down inside of the vessel. Are we willing to reach down inside of our vessel? Amen. And reach down inside of that vessel and clean the inside so that the inside is just as clean as the outside. Because we're not here for a show. Amen. We're here to be a vessel of honor. Amen. Now, Brother Brham says in the sermon, "Why Little Bethlehem?" He says, "Nice to be here this morning." And now, I believe we're going to have a special. Brother Williams was telling me by someone from his church. A sister sings, "Fill my cup, Lord." That's what we're here for this morning. Raising up our cups. Amen. Can we lift up our cup tonight? Amen. Fill it, Lord. This is the only time that we'll have the opportunity to ask this. There'll come a time where we'll be on the other side, we won't have that opportunity. So, while we do have it, and in our right mind, I just love how he's putting that. Come a time, we're here, the opportunity. We're on this side of the threshold. We're on this side of, as one brother I know puts it, we're on the proper side right now of the dirt. Yeah. We won't have that opportunity. So, while we do have it, and in our right mind, I think one of the most sensible things that anyone can do while God has given us the opportunity to do so is to do it. Get our cups filled now. Amen. With his love, Amen. and mercy. Oh my. You see, we've been given this opportunity as it is to come with a confidence born of the word, a boldness that is not a carnal. You know, you meet people, I always find this interesting, believers that were just born. Um, you know, two brothers that I know, one brother says of the other one, he could sell a horse a glass of water. And the other brother makes the comment and says, "I couldn't even beg a horse to come drink my water." Two so different natural personalities. One just works for somebody and the other guy is his big bold I've got a business and you're going to buy from me kind of a guy. Amen. two opposite kind of personalities. But that's not the kind of boldness God's looking for. Amen. They are both good believers, good, solid men. Amen. So God uses both. But the one who is the very more timid type of a brother, he just does, I heard the brother make a comment that um boy, I've done all this work on this and I I sure hope my boss is happy. That's not a bold approach. The other guy, the other brother is kind of like, I'll just convince them that this is as good as it gets and they want it. And so you see two opposite. But you see it, it's not a confidence born of flesh. This is a confidence born of the word. Amen. Not a carnal boldness. Amen. You can be that meek brother of faith and God answers prayer. Amen. But you you come and you look at that that God uses the personality. And I'll tell you where the bride where she gets her boldness. It comes from the open word that's been revealed to the bride. There's where her boldness is. She is not here arrogant, boastful, proud. She's here saying, "I see clearly who I am in Jesus Christ. I see it. I don't have to question it. I see it. And thank you, Lord, I had the ears to hear the word. And thank you, Lord, that I had an open heart to receive the word. And thank you, Lord, that I had a boldness to declare the word. In other words, this is my word. Malachi 4:5, behold, I send you. Amen. There's got to be a people out there that read that that aren't saying, "Oh, that was for this or for that." My brother and sister, I read that. I thank the Lord for many, many years. I read that and say that's right. God sent a prophet to this age for me. Amen. And that's not arrogant. That's not boastful. That's not proud. It's understanding who you are that God loved us so much, my brother and sister, that he would send a prophet to come down and give us the word that we could receive it and stand and say, "Lord, now I have revelation to come boldly to your throne. I have children not saved. Lord, I'm not going to back up. I believe it. I have needs, Lord. I have needs in my body, needs in in whatever it might be, the family in general. I have needs. Not to come as the beggar. Please, Lord, you said please, but to come and say, Lord, I've done all that you asked me to do. I've stood on the word. I'm living the word. I want to be that example. is my boss. I think I shared it at the church. Maybe not. One of the young men in South Africa, he he contacts me uh um every so often, not not super regular, but he just had to share with me uh how it was. And he's in the university kind of finishing up and and uh so there is um I don't know how you say this. I just I just look at it this way. It's all black, brown, white. Amen. So in Africa, you're either black, colored, or white. That that's just plain and simple. They they don't have all this weird vibe about what color they are. And so here he is, a colored young man's colored uh and uh and uh he's in the university and uh there's this black girl that uh he uh uh has a lot of interaction with and he started to witness to her and uh they would oftent times on their lunch break from school uh go sit in the cafeteria and they would talk about the Bible and he started witnessing to her and he asked her would would you read something I give it to you and she said And so he starts giving her some message material. Next thing he knows, that little girl's friend has picked up her literature because she's curious about what her friend is reading. And uh so then the one girl, the first girl decides, you know what? I believe this and I'm going to get baptized. And she shares it with her friend. I'm going to get baptized. I I believe this. I believe it's in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. This is makes sense to me. It's what I've been searching for. And her friend says, "Well, I I was a little embarrassed, you know, because I thought you might kind of look at me, but I actually when I first picked it up and started reading, I I just was like, "Wow, wow, this makes so much sense. I go to church and they talk about this tradition and talk about that and it don't make any sense." And then they had a third friend that's like, "What's going on with you guys?" Amen. I'll just tell you here just recently, they baptized all three of them. Amen. And you see God is still working. And he doesn't have to have some perfect formula that we got to drag them to church and we got to shove a prophet down their throat. My brother and sister, it's that seed that's inside. And when we come and present it correctly, God will come and shine light, but the seed's got to be there first. Amen. You can have the sun shine on these fields all you want, but if there's no seed in that field, it's not going to grow. Amen. So, you'll find, I just say this as a matter of note, you'll find that in the system of America, Amen, that things change like the Midwest, things change so much. They go from too wet to too dry. They go from too dry to too wet. The market goes from too cheap to high. And it can do it all in a matter of time. And you will find farmers in the Midwest will tell you, "If the seed's not in the ground, you'll not have seed in the bin." And so that's why people are like, why are they out there planting in bone dry ground? Because more often than not, the rain will come and they will have a bountiful harvest. Amen. And so it doesn't matter that we are here. We shouldn't be careful, my brother and sister, about what will the world thinks. my oh I I I'll probably you know shouldn't be quite so bold but you know it's interesting that we're now in the last little very brief period of time this whole prophecy of the papacy and people are coming out very boldly a man just come out the other day he's a minister lead pastor in a very large church and he says let's face the facts Catholicism is not Christianity. That's pretty bold statement in the world we live in. Amen. But here's a man that's basically not using these exact words, but saying, "Look, it's the truth and it may as well be spoken because this means if the prophecy of the papacy, it has any truth to it all, there is nothing beyond what this is." Now, remember, this pope could serve another 20 years. So, let's not be thinking that it's all over tomorrow, next week. But you see, my brother and sister, how it is. We're coming down to a time it won't matter. Those that are timid can remain timid. Amen. Those that are are are, you know, filthy remain filthy, and those that are holy remain holy. Amen. But you look at that. Amen. We want to have a boldness of the word. Not a carnal boldness, but we want it to come from the open book. We want to be able to look in here and say, "You know what? Here it is." Amen. And you know what separates this? This boldness coming from the open word. The bride believes every word. Amen. I love how Brother Brandham puts that out there. He says, you know, this is going to be a sign. She's going to believe every word. She's going to say amen to every word of God. Oh my. Okay, we're getting close to being done here. And that's good because it's nine o'clock and the seven church ages. Amen. Revelation of Jesus Christ. Now, where will the gentile church be while Jesus is making himself known to his brethren? Remember that the bride of Joseph with the two children were in the palace. For Joseph had commanded, "Let everyone leave me. put them all out from before me. So the gentile bride was hidden in the palace of Joseph. Wh where will the gentile church go in the rapture into the palace? The bride will be taken off the earth. She will be caught up before the great tribulation to meet her Lord in the air. Amen. Let's not be bashful. Let's be bold. Thank you Lord. Oh my. So many misunderstandings. So many misinterpretations. A few things popping up here just in the last few days and people are saying, "Well, you know, when the tribulation comes and they take our churches away from us and all of this happens, we're going to be prepared because we have stored up the food in our house. Where will the gentile bride be? Not in our house. Amen. will be in his house. That's right. And so these kind of interpretations, what it is, I'll just be bold and blunt about it. It's fear-mongering. It's causing the people that what are we going to do when they slam the doors? You know, I really don't care, my brother and sister. Uh they they come and one day would have barricaded the doors of this church because I see what the prophet said and he said it would be something that would drive us into desperation. So even if they're not hunting or pursuing or or causing that, you know, uh it it's all there. It wouldn't matter. We're believers in the good times and in the bad times in the valley and on the mountaintop. Sister Ruth, would you come? Sister Vanessa. Amen. You see, we are the bride and he has claimed us and he's already got a home for us. That's right. Amen. You know, I won't say where, but I find this interesting how certain ministers have a way of approaching things. Had a brother tell me here recently, a young man come to him, expressed interest. He said, "Uh, I I've done it all correct, pastor, and um so, you know, I've spoke to her father and um he's given me permission to to court and then I've spoke to her father and he gave me permission to speak strongly to her and I've spoke strongly to her and she has, you know, in essence given me permission to take that next step." And the pastor said, "Stop right there. I don't want to hear another word out of you until you have a house to take her to. And the young man told the pastor, "But that might be years." And he said, "That ought to motivate you to work hard and fast." And I thought that might be a bit extreme, but I know the brother and his his approach to it. He was referring to this. Amen. You got a bride, you got to have a house to take her to. And that brother caught that young man offguard and he's like, "I'll never get married." And he says, "No, this is your motivation." Amen. And lo and behold, within three months, the young man found a nice little house on a reasonable price, got a raise at work, put money on the house, and then he come back to the pastor, "Do I have your permission?" And he said, "You even amazed me." Amen. So, you look at that, my brother and sister. God's already got it all settled. We got a home to go to. We're not going to be a homeless bride. Amen. We've got a home to go to. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just stand and and sing a song or two if you don't mind. Amen. Just kind of struck me. I'd like to sing 580. Amen. Amen. We don't want to sit back and act like that. We just uh we just got to wait. We just got to endure. No, this is a battle. We're soldiers. We're fighting. Amen. We're going to defeat the enemy. We're going to stand up. You see, when David killed Goliath, that wasn't the last time that he had a battle. Amen. And we look at all the scriptural, spiritual types, you know, of five. Amen. Jesus and faith, all of these things through the word, he had to keep right on applying it. Amen. Oh, killing Goliath put him in a position of notoriety. Everyone knew who David was after that. But my brother and sister, just because you're known. Oh, they're a believer. Good, faithful people. Doesn't mean the battle's over. Amen. We got to fight. Amen. Am I a soldier of the cross, a follower of the lamb? And shall I fear to own his cause or blush to speak his name? And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. We shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new [Music] Jerusalem. I'll wear a crown. I'll wear a crown. Wear a bright and shining crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. Must I be carried to the skies on flowery breads of ease? While others fought to win the prize and sail the blood is seas. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. We shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. Wear a crown. Oh, wear a crown. Wear a bright and shining crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in that new Jerusalem. Are there no place for me to face? Must I not stem the flood? Is this vow world a friend to grace to help me on to God? And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. Oh, we shall wear a crown. We shall wear a crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. In the new Jerusalem, wear a crown. Wear a crown. Wear a bright and shining crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. Sure, I must fight if I would rain. Increase my courage, Lord. I'll bear the toil, endure the pain. supported by thy. Now, let's make it personal. And when my battle's over, I shall wear a crown. Yes, I shall wear a crown. Yes, I shall wear a crown. And when my battles over, I shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. Wear a crown. Oh, wear a crown. Wear a bright and shining crown. And when my battle's over, I shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. God bless you, saints. Amen, brother Isaac. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. I want that kind of blessing. [Music] when help me out. Met the Lord upon that lonely night and wrestled there alone until the morning light. He won a princely title to g him for the ride. I want that kind of blessing. I want I want that kind of blessing that saves and keeps and satisfies the soul. I want I want that full salvation till billows of heaven or me roll. When Israel at last came into Canaan's land, the Lord his riches gave so full on every hand. They drove their foes before them and dwelt a happy band. I want that kind of blessing. I want I want that kind of blessing. that saves and keeps and satisfies a soul. I want I want that full salvation till billows of heaven or me roll. This is the day of grace. The comforter is here. We are a chosen race. Our God is drawing near. He's waiting to be gracious. The prayer of faith to hear and then he'll send the blessing. I want I want that kind of blessing that saves and keeps and satisfies a soul. I want I want that full salvation till billows of heaven or me go. I want I want that kind of blessing that saves and keeps and satisfies the soul. I want I want that full salvation till billows of heaven or me roll. Amen. Amen. Just that song came to my mind, you know, just thinking about Israel coming into Canaan's land. Do you think they were careful for anything? No. No, I don't think so. Amen. And that last verse there, this is the day of grace. The comforter is here. be careful for nothing. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I wanted to sing just in closing um was it this is the day or what was the other one? Can't you see why I'm happy? Yeah, that one. Amen. Just as we go this evening. I think maybe it was the other one. Let's see. Oh, what did I say the other one was? This is the day. Maybe that's what it was. Yeah, let's let's sing that one. [Music] Amen. Amen. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord hath made. That the Lord hath made. We will rejoice. We will rejoice and be glad in it. And be glad in it. This is the day that the Lord hath made. We will rejoice and be glad in it. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord have made. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord hath made. That the Lord hath made. I will rejoice. I will rejoice and be glad in it. And be glad in it. This is the day that the Lord hath made. I will rejoice and be glad in it. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord hath made. Amen. God bless you. Be with you. Rejoice. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
