################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - April 13, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett When The Partial Becomes Perfect - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-13
Title:    April 13, 2025 - Bro Paul Haylett "When The Partial Becomes Perfect"
Speaker:  Paul Haylett
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 8m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JO52DuPDzMM
========================================

Description:
Bro Paul Haylett
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] on the mic. Um, let's start with that song, Boundless Love. She's playing number 866. There is not a mother, sister, friend, or brother loves the way that Jesus can. He proved his love for me when he died on Calvary. He gave his life for fallen men. Oh, his love is a boundless love and it reaches down and touches me. His love is an endless love that will last through all eternity. Jesus wants to love you. There is none above you. You are precious in his sight. He will never fail you. When the doubts assail you, he'll be with you day and night. His love is a boundless love and it reaches down and touches me. His love is an endless love that will last through all eternity. Jesus wants to love you. Oh Jesus wants to love you. There is none above you. You are precious in his sight. He will never fail you. When the doubts assail you, he'll be with you day and night. Oh, his love is a boundless love and it reaches down and touches me. His love is an endless love that will last through all eternity. His love, oh his love is a boundless love and it reaches down and touches me. His love is an endless love that will last through all eternity. Oh, that will last through all [Music] eternity. Amen. Well, why don't we dance together? Number 834. Through my disappointments, strife and discontentment, I cast my every care upon the Lord. No matter what obsession, pain, or deep depression, I'm standing on the solid rock. I'm standing on the rock of ages. Save from every storm that rages. Rich, but not from Satan's wages. I'm standing on the solid rock. Even though he's gone now, I don't feel alone now. With comfort came the spirit of the Lord. Now with his hand to guide me from temptation, hide me. I'm standing on the solid rock. I'm standing on the rock of ages. Save from every storm that rages. Rich, but not from Satan's wages. I'm standing on the solid rock. Now I'm pressing onward. Each step leads me homeward. I'm trusting in my Savior day by day. Close is our relation. Firm it says foundation. I'm standing on the solid rock. I'm standing on the rock of ages. Safe from every storm that rages. Rich, but not from Satan's wages. I'm standing on a solid rock. Oh, I'm standing on the rock of ages. Save from every storm that rages. Rich, but not from Satan's wages. I'm standing on the solid rock. Amen. Number 584, please. Blessed asssurance Jesus is mine. Oh, what a foraste of glory divine. Heir of [Music] salvation, purchase of God, born of his spirit, washed in his blood. This is my story. This is my [Music] song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my [Music] Savior all the day long. Perfect submission, perfect delight. Visions of rapture now burst on my side. Angels descending bring from above. Echoes of mercy whispers of love. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Perfect [Music] submission. All is at rest. [Music] I in my savior am happy and blessed, watching and waiting, looking above, filled with his goodness, lost in his love. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. Amen. Number [Music] 1075. 1075. Greater than all my sin is the blood that still [Music] cleanses me. Is the grace that still sets me free. to praise him. And I know the blood of light. I'm walking in newness of life. I cannot fall for it's greater than all. The blood of the lamb. It's greater than all my sin. Is the blood that still cleanses me. Is the grace that still sets me free. to praise [Music] him. I know the blood of I'm walking in newness of life. I cannot fall for it's greater than all the blood of the lamb. One more time. Oh, it's greater than all. My sin is the blood that still [Music] cleanses me. is the grace that still sets me free to praise him. And I know the blood supply. I'm walking in newness of life. I cannot fall for it's greater than all the blood of the lamb. Amen. We're going to go to prayer. Have a few prayer requests. [Music] Um I have another one uh note saying from sister Susan. Um want to thank the Lord for touching my uh thumb. The swelling is almost gone and just uh praying for continual continual touch of healing. Amen. Um, also let's remember brother Ivan, sister Nadia as they travel as well as brother David, sister Diane and sister Ruth and uh also sister April and uh let's remember sister Dorcas for healing and for health for brother Gideon and uh brother Basile and brother Sergey as they're either on the road or brother Sergey will be heading out today and also brother Paul and sister Jerry traveling heading out tomorrow. Brother Trevor, could you pray for these needs? God bless you, hope you guys don't mind me just sharing a little something with you. Uh we just went to Evening Light Fellowship last last weekend for the meetings and they were very good. Uh brother Jason Watkins took the evening ones, two of them. Brother Chad Lamb took the morning ones, two of them, and they were both just very good. If you guys could, you should watch them. They're they're very amazing. Um, brother Jason, his Saturday night message was about onward and upward. And it really relies on it refers to brother Brandham's vision of the churches marching by, the church of America going down, but the church of the bride going up. And um just to move forward with the message in the truth in Christ is to move up. To move forward, to move onward is to move upward. But he said, "If you don't move and you just stand still, the world is going so fast downward that you're backsliding just by staying still because the world is just getting darker and it's going right past us and it's leaving us in putting us in darkness." That's just a tremendous thought. Yes. [Music] So, okay, let's bow our heads, saints, brothers and sisters. Let's just all give our attention to the great God. Lord, we love you, Lord Jesus. We're so grateful that you speak to us. You meet every need. Father, we're hungry this morning and we're asking, Lord Jesus, for you to come meet us again as we've seen you do so many times, Lord. And we don't want it to get old. We don't want to become complacent, Father. But we're so grateful that you meet our need. Speak to every heart here, Father, to whatever we have need of. And you know our needs greater than we do, Lord Jesus. I lift up all of these Lord requests, this praise report from our sister Susan um being healed. Lord, we just give you glory for that and just pray continue healing for that. And Lord, there's many traveling. Uh, Brother Ivan, Sister Nadia, the Dean Harts, and Brother Vasilia, and Brother Sergey will be leaving. And we just pray that you be with them as they travel, Lord Jesus. Sister Dorcas, and and her needs, Lord, for healing and for her family, Lord Jesus. We just and I'm sure there are many other spoken and unspoken requests, Lord. And I lift my own hand, Lord Jesus. Just pray that you would meet every need, touch every heart. Father, you know our needs, Lord, and we we just rest knowing that you know them and that you will answer them in your time, Lord Jesus. Father, come and minister to us the words of life. We pray speak through our brother Paul and Lord, listen and hear through every believer here. We love you, Lord. We pray that you would bless the tithes and the offerings and the cheerful giver. And we love you, Lord. In the precious name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. You may be seated. Once again, God bless you all who can be here. Everybody listening on the internet. God bless you. Uh we do have a special sister Jerry. [Music] from the beginning. You've been unchanging. Age to age you stay. Constant you remain every mystery. The questions I've [Music] carried are safe within your will. Though I trust you, even still I believe you are who you say you are. You'll do what you say you'll do. You'll come through. You are always faithful. [Music] Oh, okay. Sorry, I lost my place. Jesus, show for me, holding me steady. Every word you speak is a promise that you keep. This firm foundation cannot be shaken. My God, you never fail. Never once, you never will. I believe you are who you say you are. You'll do what you say you'll do. You'll come through. You are all faithful. So I'm that that on the cross your blood was spilled and by your stripes I have been healed. and every promise you fulfill. I believe I believe that you rose again in victory. And that same power lives in me. I've been born again. I've been set free. I believe. I believe that the gates of hell will not prevail. Your church is still alive and well. This gospel truth I'll live to tell. I believe I believe that one day soon you'll split the sky. You're coming for a spotless bride until my faith has been made sight. I believe. I believe you are who you say you are. You'll do what you say you'll do. You'll come through. You are always aable. I believe you've already made a way. So I'm running through parted waves straight to you. You are always faithful, I believe. And on that day I've run my race. I'll finally see you face to face. And nothing will then separate. I believe. I believe. I'll join with every tribe and tongue and bow before the lamb of God singing, "Holy, holy, holy one, I believe. I believe [Music] he Thank you, Sister Jerry. That was beautiful song. Enjoy that. Let's just sing song number 895 as we turn it over to brother Paul. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. One more time. Change my heart, oh [Music] God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. You are the potter. I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever [Music] true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. You are the potter. Oh, you are the potter. I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is what I [Music] pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. She was here the other day. So I be like you. Let's just stand and sing that again. Maybe just sing it as a a prayer, a praise. Certainly we know that it's the Lord that controls. Change the atmosphere of our hearts. Change my heart, oh Lord. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh [Music] God. May I be like you. For you are the potter. I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh [Music] God. May I be like you. I trust that's our heart's desire this morning just to take on the very nature, the very spirit of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Just uh certainly desire for you to pray for the meetings there in South Africa. Uh just uh just desiring that the Lord would just come on the scene, speak to the hearts of the people. uh just had a lot of people reaching out uh desiring, expressing and uh I believe that uh God's on the scene. He's he's present. He knows exactly what we need. But he also desires it when we actually express our needs to him. When we actually would would reach out to him and say, "Lord, I I need you to touch me. I have this need in my life. And I want to see these things come to pass in my life. And you know, if we're mute, my brother and sister, you'll find that God will be mute back to you. He wants to hear his people. And when we ask, he will speak. Amen. Let's remember our brother Daniel is going to be speaking our uh next Sunday service, Easter service. Just lift brother Daniel up in prayer. to give traveling mercies for them also as they would come down and of course remember there is a potluck following the Easter service. Amen. So good to be in the house of the Lord today. Amen. We thank you. God bless our visitor. Good to see you back again. Amen. Let's turn in our Bibles uh Ephesians 3. Thank you musicians. Very beautiful music this morning. Appreciate that. Amen. I want to speak to you when the partial becomes perfect. And um as we'll look at this quite a few things, quotations, there'll be a little bit of reading, a little bit of expression this morning of that fashion. Uh but if you'd be patient with me this morning, uh there's certainly a lot on the plate, but uh by God's grace, we can stay focused and in that in that line. Ephesians the 3 chapter uh verse 10- 21 and uh just uh I want to say I appreciate each and every one of you and God bless you today. Ephesians 3:10 to the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God. So an expression that the church would know the wisdom of God according to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord in whom we have boldness and access with confidence by the faith of him. Wherefore I desire that you faint not at my tribulations for you which is your glory. For this cause I bow my knees unto the father of our Lord Jesus Christ, of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named, that he would grant you according to the riches of his glory to be strengthened with might by his spirit in the inner man. that Christ might dwell in your hearts by faith, that ye being rooted and grounded in love, may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth and length and depth and height, and to know the love of Christ, which paths all with past knowledge, that you might be filled with all the fullness of God. Now unto him that is able to exceedingly abundantly above all that we ask or think according to the power which workketh in us. Unto him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages, a world without end. Amen. Heavenly Father, we just ask Lord that you would just bless the reading of your word Lord and just guide these words. Let these words be your words today father. Bless each and everyone that is here, Lord, that they might be able to leave the house of God today, saying it was good to be in the house of God. Thank you, Lord. We love you and appreciate you. In your name, amen. You may be seated. As we look at this this morning, we just uh take a second. There's so much here, but I have so much on my plate uh that um I I hope I can get through it. But verse 10, to the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be mo known by the church the manifold wisdom of God. And so we look at this and realize there is an expression in the word that is telling us there is much more than what we have now. More than we h have had in the past even at this moment there is much more for us to have. And so he's wanting to bring this not to bring it as the wisdom of man. My brother and sister through the ages we'll find that the the very nature of man coming in each age they come there was something fresh but ultimately it's the very nature of man to build it around the church they they bring the church as the answer but it is actually the wisdom of God Christ Jesus himself the Holy Spirit moving in our midst is our answer it's not the building it's not the doctrine it's not it's not our our thoughts as humans, but it is the wisdom of God. And so this expression that there is more for us, I believe we would understand the deep calling unto the deep. If there's something to call, there's something to respond. And and we recognize that today. And this wisdom of God is this manyfold. The manifold is really, you could take it into a longer version of words and say this manyfold wisdom of God. In other words, there's many aspects to it and there's many angles that God is is got uh to share with us to raise us up into his wisdom. It it comes from even natural life. You know, I remember a story many years ago that a man in in Kansas that was very wealthy and um he he uh uh in the town that he lived in, he gave uh just exceeding amounts of money uh to every church in town. And finally one day someone asked him, you know, hey, you're always giving money to the church uh churches, but but you yourself don't go to church. And he said, you know, uh, I I want you to understand I believe in God. I believe God is real. And, uh, what I'm looking at when I give or share to these churches is I'm looking at the principle that's in God's word. I'm looking at it. And he said that if you rob God that you'll have holes in your pocket, but if you are faithful to God, he will bless you. And he said, I have proven that in my life, all the years of my life, and I give and God blesses me. Now my brother and sister, the greatest gift that God has given to you and I is salvation himself. So we don't want to just take this as a business principle that we can apply and that God will honor. But even in a case like that, God would honor a man who would honor God's word. So if we are here today h and we are from the depths of our heart serving God just just not to have a a better life uh to become a wealthy man or something of that nature but truly to serve him from our heart and he's still pouring out his wisdom upon us. He's showing us who he is. And my brother and sister this is the the blessing that comes from the word of God. And you know verse 16 says that he would grant you according to the riches of his glory to be strengthened with might by the spirit in the inner man. Now we can choose to be strengthened in the outer man. I just here recently uh uh saw some deal. I forget the title now. It just kind of an afterthought. Uh you know it was fitness buffs for Christ or something like that. And these guys have great big muscles and they're they're they're doing this for the glory of God. But my brother and sister, I don't think that's what God intended as to justify becoming bodybuilders and being fit and all of this, you know, to give glory to God. We give glory to God from the inner man. Amen. It's the inner man that is lifting up the word and and he is strengthening us in the spirit by in the inner man. Amen. By the spirit in the inner man. And so we're being strengthened by the word. Really, it's what God is doing. He's strengthening us by the word. And uh you know, there's just no way around it. It's the word of God that makes the impact on our life. You can go to church all the days of your life, go to hell. You can you can read your Bible every day, go to hell. It's the strength of God in the inner man, the presence of Jesus Christ on the inner man. And you see, it's revelation that's pouring out of the word. Now my brother and sister, you have to look at the the reflection of what revelation is uh in a correct fashion. You can have something revealed to you uh and say, "Oh, that's revelation." But you see, the revelation of Jesus Christ is a revealing of himself. Not a bunch of facts, not a bunch of history, not a bunch of uh things. It's Christ himself revealed to us. And if he's revealing himself to us, then we have to be able to see him. We have to pay attention and and give our focus as it is to what he's revealing to us. And so I just uh maybe take a halt of that and we'll we'll uh touch on that again in a little bit in the seventh week of Daniel. We'll see now at these last days when God's going to reveal these secrets to the church. So we're in the last days. We're in the time God's chosen to open his word and give secrets to the church. Amen. He hasn't done it before. And the reason he hasn't done it is to keep the church watching and praying all the time, not knowing when it was coming. Imagine, my brother and sister, if we knew exactly when the Lord was coming. If we knew that it was on Easter Sunday, uh, and we knew it would be mankind, the very nature of man, we would just be worried about that the day before Sunday, we we wouldn't live our life in that expectation. We'd say, you know, I've got time. I can, you know, I I'll make sure that I I fast and pray on Saturday and when the rapture comes on Sunday, I'll be ready. But that's not how it works. God wants his bride. He wants his church to have herself prepared every single day. Amen. Consecrated to him, focused on him. My brother and sister, it's just like in the youth banquet here, we had had a young man had a question about the Sabbath. And you know, you look at that, we realize if we're not careful, we we serve God by the day. We look at that of the traditions of days, weeks, months, and years. And and so we focus that this is a day that I worship. But the word of God shows us very clearly that every day is a Sabbath. Every day is our day to worship God. Every day is our day to live for him. Not just a day of the week, but every day. And so we look at this the time not knowing when it's coming. But you remember in Daniel 12, he says, "The wise shall understand in the last in the last day." See, it's been given to him. The spirit of wisdom comes into the church to make known to the church by the revelation of the Holy Ghost, bringing the church in and revealing what day that we're living in. Now, my brother and sister, I I'm going to speak just a tad bit political here if you don't mind for just a moment. Uh, another denomination has now their council general leadership has uh, pronounced that um, anyone who does not accept the current uh, gender uh, movement uh, is really not welcome and they're actually firing or or dismissing pastors that uh, stand against that. They're saying we don't need you. This is what we accept. We're standing on this. Now, that is directly opposed to the word of God. But you see, the church is not now worried about the word of God. They're worried about the church. They're worried about if we do this. Now, this same denomination has lost over 1 million members in the last few years because of this argument over this gender identity stuff. My brother and sister, now the church is taking a stand because they don't want to lose more members. But it's not lose more members cuz you know they're going to lose members cuz not everyone is on that side. They're choosing what members they want to have. And so it's not there my brother and sister Grace Tabernacle here this morning. We would say well aren't we choosing what members we want? Well I want this to be what does the choosing? Not us. Not what we stand for. Not what we promote but what the word of God said is truth. Let that be what gives us our members. Amen. Let that be what determines where we stand in the day that we live in. And so here taking this, it comes to make it known to the church by revelation of the Holy Ghost bringing the church in and revealing what day we're living in. My brother and sister, when I look at the day that we're living in, it tells me it's the last days. It's the last of time. It's the the culmination of everything that would come. It's it's right there. It's very clear in the scripture. It's just a matter of whether we hold value to it and whether we'll choose to live by it. Amen. Just the same as Gabriel come to Daniel. The Holy Spirit comes to the church in the last days to reveal these great deep secret things. Do you understand now? Now, as you look at this, my brother and sister, what God is doing, he's called the bride, right? We recognize that out of the scripture very very clear. He's got a called out people in the last days. So as we come the calledout people are going to be there. Now is it by my wisdom or is it by your wisdom? Is it by our great understanding? No. It's God's gift to you and I that he's showing us. He's the Holy Spirit coming moving upon us to show us where we stand in this hour. Now, my brother and sister, if we can take the intellectual, which I'm not totally opposed to the intellectual, that's good. Break it down. Know with the Greek, the Hebrew, the Aramaic, all of those things. There's nothing wrong with that. But if there's no spirit in there, you just have knowledge. You have nothing that is of great value other than you can tout that to those around you. My brother and sister, we can also be uh uh so spiritual that we can't hardly live life day by day because everything has such a huge spiritual significance that everything is going on and it's really more what it is as our brother Rap spoke at the youth banquet a red herring. We get so spiritual that you know somebody does something a little something happens and and you know oh my look at this my brother and sister how about we just get steadied by the presence of the Holy Ghost in our lives. Get steady to look at the word and say I know the hour I'm living in and I know that the bridegroom is coming. Therefore, I know I must have oil in my lamp. And I know that the word has given the direction on how to put oil in my lamp. Amen. It's not going to be just some little, oh, I believe. The devil believes. It won't be just how much you can quote. The intellect can quote. Those with great memories can quote. But my brother and sister, it's revelation down into the heart and soul of a son or daughter of God that recognizes this is the hour of my preparation. This is the hour that God is giving me this time to be prepared for this that I won't have to be one of those that is saying give me of oil. I need your oil, but I be one that can stand on the word in that day. Is that your heart's desire? Amen. 1 Corinthians 13 and 9 going to verse 12. For we know in part and we prophesy in part. Now think about the title. When the partial becomes perfect. See, so we know in part and we prophesy in part. But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away. When I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child. I thought as a child. But when I became a man, I put away childless things. For now we see through a glass darkly, but then face to face. Now I know in part, but then shall I know even also I I am known. Amen. So look at this. God is bringing us here. We are today. Now, as long as we're in this flesh, we're going to be in that partial realization. We're going to be in a partial understanding. In other words, my brother and sister, we say, "Well, the love of Christ, do we know it that love in its fullness?" I don't believe we'll fully understand the love of Christ, the grace of God, until we are on the other side. When we're standing there in the sea of crystal before the throne, we won't really fully understand what it is. We have our comprehension of what love is. We have our comprehension of what grace is, what mercy is, but we don't have a fullness of that. And when we come and we'll look at this in this scripture here, see, we know in part and we prophesy in part. In other words, what we understand in this human element, we speak of. We talk of the good things that God has done for us. We can talk about how that the word has been opened to us and we see more than we saw last week, last year, the last decade. We're moving closer into this atmosphere, but we're still dealing from a human element. So, we are still just in part and we could only prophesy in part, but that which is perfect is come. Now, my brother and sister, we could look at this and say, "Well, I believe we have a perfect word. I believe we have a perfect word. Amen. But it is there. That word is being manifest. It's drawing you and I deeper into the presence, deeper into the word of God, the life of Christ, the nature of Christ. We're being drawn into that. Can you acknowledge that you're closer to him today than you was last year? I I hope that is something each and everyone would say, "Yes, I know that I am closer to my Lord Jesus than I was a year ago." uh even hopefully a few weeks ago and it's there. What we're doing, we're changing. We're being drawn into his presence and we are changing. But you see, the perfect is coming and that partial realization is fading away as we're drawn into the perfect element of who we truly are. Now, we look at that and we acknowledge that uh you know, it's by revelation. You can say, "I'm a Christian," and have no idea who you really are. Yeah. Does that make sense to you? You can say, "I'm a Christian," and not even understand what you are saying. But as your experience deepens, as you are drawn closer to the Lord, you start to realize just truly who I am. I am not, my brother and sister, just a man who one day decided I couldn't live without the Lord and that I'm going to go find the Lord. The word says that no man's ever sought God. It was always God seeking man. And and so we didn't come and decide we wanted to get closer to God. It's God reaching out, getting a hold of us, drawing us into his presence. And as he pulls us into his presence, our realization is changing. If it's not changing, we need to stop and get get serious about something. But our realization of who we really are, we can say, "Well, I'm a Christian. What does that mean, my brother and sister? I believe in Jesus Christ. Lucifer believes in Jesus Christ. Does that make him a Christian? No, it doesn't. Amen. So, you look at this as this perfect is starting to come out. It's showing in verse 11, how we was when we were a child was how we talked. Amen. As how we understood, is how we thought. But as we are becoming adults, put it that way, becoming a a man, I put away the childish things. So now, while we look through the glass darkly, we have our idea. I use my daughter Jolyn's car. You know, I drove it some time back. She has a lovely little car. The windows are so dark. It's night at day. And so, you know, I was driving her car at night here a while back and and it's her car. I don't want to put a ding in my daughter's car. So, I'm turning in an intersection that had a center island that come quite a ways out there. I rolled the window down and I probably look silly in the dark, a grown man sticking my head out the window to make sure that I turned into the right place. But you see, my point being is we look at God through this glass darkly. We're not entirely certain what we're seeing. Yeah. Are you with me? Yeah. Not entirely certain what we see. And when you look through that glass at your own relationship with the Lord, we can look at that. My, you know, I always ask you guys this question, and I don't mean to be so redundant, but did anybody make a mistake this last week? Did anyone have, you know, a little attitude or say words they wish they hadn't said or thoughts they wish they hadn't thought? Amen. I I'll lift my hand for you. Amen. So, it's there, my brother and sister. If you are looking through a glass darkly at yourself as a Christian, you'd say, "What is missing in my life?" But the reality of it is is God is pulling you from a partial realization of who you are into a full manifestation or full perfect re uh realization of who you are. Because you see, it's not about what you've done. It's what he did for you. There is a closer vision of the realization of who we are as Christians. It's not about what I can attain to. It's not about what I can do or what I have done or what my plans are for the future. The whole thing centers and we look through this glass darkly. We don't really see the true grace of God that before a foundation of the world as the scripture says he claimed us. He put your name in the lamb's book of life. And that had nothing to do whether you're a good person or a bad person. But what he knew was in you that he placed there and that he would bring to manifestation. And we can get discouraged. We can get depressed. We can get all of these things about how it seems like we just struggle so hard. But the perfect realization of it is it's all in Jesus Christ. It was never in us in the beginning. And when we surrender, our job is to surrender to his perfect will. And when we surrender, we'll find that the clear the picture is starting to come clear or it's starting to come that we were here that God said, I'm going to bring you as a living witness. You see, every work that God has done through the ages. You can find it in scripture. Every work that he has done has witnesses. There's nothing takes place without a witness. And we are here in the day that we live in this 21st century. And God has witnesses once again on the earth. Do you know any of them? Amen. Do you look in the mirror in the morning and say, "I I'm a witness of Jesus Christ. I will be the witness today. I will be a faithful witness." Amen. If you are not a faithful witness, you're a perger. Amen. It's just that simple. So, we have to be a faithful witness. So, we see a transition in the Christian experience. We don't just get up one day and we're suddenly perfect when somehow does we just always make the right decisions. We always say the right thing. We always think the right thing. My brother and sister, this is a transition that's taking place and the glass is getting less dark for us because we're getting closer to the light. We're getting closer to the one who is the whole word, the revealed word of the hour. And so this transition of the Christian experience, Amen. It's a transition of earthbound people. We're here today. We are in the flesh. Amen. Do any of you can any of you acknowledge you're just flesh people? Amen. They might be able to send somebody to the moon in a rocket, my brother and sister, but remove him from the rocket and he's an earthbound person. So, it's there that we are here. We talk about heavenly places, but in this flesh, I'm talking about in the carnal realm, in this flesh, we are an earthbound people. So, the transition is of earthbound people climbing upwards into heavenly places. Now, God's not going to just put you on the elevator and push the top floor. Amen. You're going to have to labor this to manifest or uh uh uh live out the word that has been revealed to you. As the glass is getting less dark, God is requiring more of you. You see, we don't come to this place that God requires the same amount out of us a as mature, experienced uh believers. Uh God doesn't say, "Look, I I'm going to just let you act like you was when you was first converted, act like this and act like that." No, he's asking more. He's requiring more out of us. But remember that requirements, not works. You guys are quiet this morning. Amen. You see, the only thing that's going to get you in heavenly places is the Holy Ghost. Amen. There's nothing else going to put you there. No amount of church attendance, no amount of giving, nothing will put you there. That man in Kansas, that rich man, the story's old enough, that man will have passed from this life by this time. If he didn't have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ, his money he gave didn't get him there. So none of that matters. perfect attendance. It doesn't matter how much you give, whatever you do. None of that matters without that personal relationship. And you say, "Brother Paul, we know that." Well, my brother and sister, this fullness of this person personal relationship is the full res uh realization of who we are. And when we come into that full realization of who we are, a rapture is the next thing you will see. Amen. We're not going to walk on this earth as these educated, enlightened Christians. Amen. God's bringing us into maturity. And in that maturity, he calls us home. Amen. I was just talking to Sister Jerry. It's been on my mind a lot lately. Uh you know, uh the the services that uh you know, I've made comment about this. you know, we're in Israel and um you know, I'm I'm sitting here looking at the temple and and uh you know, the weeping wall and all of these things and I'm sorry, doesn't sound very spiritual. I'm thinking, man, how did they build this? They had no cranes. They had nothing. You know, how' they do this? Amen. Brother Trevor, Sister Carrie were there. Incredible. But brother Gideon's got his head against the wall and he's thinking about ground zero and he's thinking about the eagle and the wind under his wings and he goes home and preaches these things. And you go back now and look at that he was preaching his own perfect realization and when he come to that place God took him home. You see, my brother and sister, it doesn't have to happen as a rapture. As we come in maturity, a perfect realization of who we are. God takes us home. You see what's going on around us, my brother and sister. We have so many herrings in our life. We're not focused like we should be. We're we're not as concerned as we really ought to be about the time that we're actually living in because we have so many red herrings. We're so focused on these kind of things that Satan is just there letting our own distraction keep us from coming to a perfect realization. We're still living in the partial. And I'm sorry to say it. I hope this isn't too blunt. We're happy to be living in a partial realization. If we're not careful, we'll say, "Well, we've got the message that makes us in a better position than many, many people." My brother and sister, God's not comparing you to those people. God's comparing you to his word. His word is what we are in the balance with, not the rest of humanity and what they believe or how sincere they are. Because I can assure you that there's a lot of people out there that are much more sincere than you are, but do not have the revealed word of the hour. They do not have the fullness of the gospel, but they have ze they're zealous. They they would qualify as zealots, my brother and sister, but they don't have the truth. And we have truth and we have distractions. Oh, Satan's a clever fellow, isn't he? Because it doesn't matter how zealous you are if you don't have truth. And it don't matter if you have truth if you're not focused and not zealous towards the word of God. But you see, lest I would sound like I'm speaking down to you. Slowly but steadily, God's opening our eyes. Slowly but steadily, God's changing our focus and and who we are and why we're here. We're walking on a journey. Amen. This is this is not just a step from one place, a giant leap of faith into another place. God wants you to walk. We'll be speaking on this probably in South Africa. But you look at the story of the road to Emmas, my brother and sister. Here were some people. I don't want to give too much away, but here's the people. Here's these men. They're walking down the road to Emmas and they're talking about everything that went wrong. Jesus was supposed to He was going to be our deliverer. He was going to be our savior. He was going to be all these things. We thought he was going to deliver us from the Romans. He he was going to take care of all this stuff. He was going to be a mighty general. And then he's gone. He's crucified. He's gone. And and they had this and the atmosphere around it. When Jesus steps out and starts to walk with him, he asks him, "What manner of conversation are you having right now and are sad?" I want to know speaking to Paul also, is our manner of conversation making us happy or sad? Is it bringing forth a a zeal or excitement in our life that that we are realizing, you know what, I I want to I want to come closer to the Lord. I want to live this word. I am this word. I'm going to be this word. And I don't care about whether I stumbled over this stone on the road of the journey to Emmas. It doesn't matter if I stumbled. It don't matter how dirty my feet are. It doesn't matter if I sweated today. It doesn't matter all the concerns of the politics and whether the Romans are getting stronger or getting weaker. I know that my redeemer liveth and the word has come to deliver me. You see, it's going to matter, my brother and sister, because partial realization puts politics into what we believe or where we believe we're at. It puts all kinds of things into that. It puts social levels and it puts racisms and all of these things impacting our thing. But when it comes down, as we get closer to a perfect realization of who we are and what God called us for, none of that matters. What matters is our relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ. Do we have oil in our lamp this morning? Or are we sitting here saying, "I'm just fine. I'll get it later." My brother and sister, it shouldn't be, "As long as I got a little oil, I'll be okay." We should be desiring for that to be filled up. It should be a place where we want the perfect realization. It's going to take oil in our lamp to get out of here. Not just God sent a prophet. Not just we see this. Not just we see that. My brother and sister, it takes oil in the lamp and nothing else. Amen. It doesn't matter where we went, who we knew, how long we've believed it. None of that matters. It's whether there's oil in that lamp. Amen. And I'm sorry, getting too strident here. Amen. But I believe we're slowly but steadily gaining realization of who we truly are. Now, my brother and sister, sorry to be this blunt, but it is the verbal or intellectual position of a message believer. What does that mean? Recently, I come across a deal. I won't go into it, but a man is bantering on one side of it what's wrong with everyone else, which he would include you in the side that's messed up. And he's using a quote to prove it. Does that make it so? No, not at all. For one, he's using the quote out of context, but obviously he uses it over and over again. So, it's a favorite quote of his. But my brother and sister, see, it doesn't matter how many quotes he can quote trying to show that you're wrong. That has nothing to do with your realization. His realization is based on quotes. Our realization should be based on relationship. Amen. Our realization should be a position that we know who we are in Jesus Christ. Not that we can banter this was said or this was said, but what we have is the word. And the word is what's in our lamp. Amen. And that is what's changing our life. Amen. Now hopefully I'm not speaking too direct. Is are we doing okay? Amen. Now in fellowship the blood was bathing the ground from the innocent Abel plum on till to that time through the lamb after lamb after lamb and hepher after heer after hepher. But now the word was being made manifest. The word was going to become spirit. The word was going to be dwelling among us. We believe that, right? That's what the word says. I'll be with you. Amen. The word's going to be in us. I'll be with you even in you. You know, my brother and sister, when we take that scripture for its absolute value, we will never question what is happening in our life ever again. How could the Lord forsake me to go through this lonely time of my life? How could the Lord forsake me to go through these fiery trials? How could the Lord forsake me? No, my brother and sister, he's never forsaken anyone. He is with us, even in us. And you know that day, I've shared it here at the church. That day at white throne judgment, there's going to be a witness. Everyone that comes with an excuse of why they did not serve God. God's got to have a witness on the other side. Oh, poverty is why you couldn't serve God. He's got somebody over here who came out of poverty serve God. Oh, I had sickness in my flesh. I couldn't serve God. He's got someone who has suffered. We'd say, Lord, why are you letting this person suffer like this when you could heal them? Is because God always has a witness. And so think about it not as, "Oh, poor me. I'm a witness and this is what it is." My brother and sister, say, "Thank you, Lord, that the Lord saw me fit to be a witness." Amen. In that white throne judgment, they're going to come and offer every excuse under the sun why they couldn't. And God's got someone to offer every reason why they could. Oh, I want to be a true witness to God. Whatever position he calls me to, I want to be that witness. I don't want to be the one over here with the excuse cuz you can be assured that God's got a witness to counter every excuse. Cuz imagine God has no witness to counter the excuse. And they'd come and say, "It was because of this and this in my life I could not serve you." And God would be there saying, "I never thought of that one." Could he judge him for that? No, he couldn't. And no one is going to go stand in his presence in the glory of God without having passed through the test, the hall of critics before the hall of fame. And everyone goes through the fiery trial. So you see what God's doing? He's bringing our awareness. He's bringing the realization of who we really are. I was just reading here recently and it made me think of the story there and and uh Fox's book of martyrs uh and u you know in there how many of you read that? I I would encourage every one of you. It's it's tough reading. It really is tough reading. But here's a soldier guarding these saints and they herded them out. Took all their clothes from them. And you know the reason that they do that in many cases is humiliation brings subjection. So they strip all their clothes from them and they herd them out on a frozen lake and they're going to leave them there until they freeze to death. That was their lovely idea of proving that God was real. After all, they're defending the faith against heretics without understanding that the word says it would worship in the way that's called heresy. So, we're going to punish them as heretics when the word said they would worship as that. And that story there is interesting because here's a soldier. He's guarding them and he sees these people and they're driven, men, women, children out on the ice and something smoked him in the heart and says, "Someone has to believe to do that. Someone has to really truly believe." And there was something inside of him. And he starts to take his armor and his cloak and all of this off. And they said, "What are you doing?" And he says, "I'm going to join them." The minute, one minute he's in fellowship as a Roman soldier. Another he is completely rejected and pushed into the same position as the heretics. See how fickle Satan is? You serve him, he loves you. But one minute you stand up and say, "Wait, that's not the truth. He hates you. Yeah. But a man who no doubt we don't know any backstory, probably wasn't faithful in church, didn't have a lot of reading, didn't do what he did is he saw you. He saw people just like you and saw your stand for Jesus Christ and something struck his heart and said, "That's true. That's real." And so what did he have? Right there in the briefest of times we get an idea as we move from partial realization and through the years of hearing the word preached we think that oh it takes all these years it takes all these years but what about the 11th hour worker what about those that come in in the end what about this soldier who in just the briefest of time comes to a realization this is true Jesus Christ is true and the gospel is true and he goes from partial realization to a full realization in that very brief time. But in the message, we think we have seniority. Almost like, well, I've been believing the word for 30 years. Oh, I've been a Christian for 40. Somebody else will come along and go, hm, 42. Ah, 50. Does any of that matter? If the realization is not moving, not changing, not growing, none of that matters. You can be the same cold stone on the pew for 40 years. where you can be as this young man back east just got in a car wreck. Slipped away, quit serving God, but right in the very end of his life come back, started reading his Bible, started praying, started attending church, started doing this, become very focused in a little brief time. Died way too young as far as we look at humanity. But you see, something happened that moved him from just a partial realization into a full complete realization. Look, curtain of time. Do you know who that was? No. You led that lady to the Lord when she was 90 or 90 something years old. Wow. Is that God's grace or what? She's lived 90 years of her life without Jesus Christ in her life. But then in the very end of her life, God says, "It's time for you to go not to acknowledge there's a God, not to acknowledge there's a message, not to acknowledge this and that and the other, but to bring them into a full realization of who they really are." Help me not get sidetracked, Lord. The word's going to be in us. The scripture says, "I'll write my laws upon the fleshly table of their hearts." Anybody been writing on you lately? I pray the Lord's been writing on your heart lately. I pray that it's real to you and more real than ever before. You know, there's something that is happening. Um, and uh, you know, I would say that our realization is being awakened. We're we're coming to a place that that uh, I I'd rather be poor than give up the gospel. Amen. I'd rather be destitute. I'd rather be uh bear sickness, a thorn in my flesh like the Apostle Paul speaks of than to give up the gospel. I say our our realization is being awakened. Now, I've got quite a bit of reading here. I I hope you guys are we okay? Okay. He that hath the key of David, this beautiful phrase follows and continues out of the preceding phrase, he that is true. Christ the perfect realization contrasted with partial realization. Here it is. Moses was a prophet of God. But Jesus like unto Moses was the prophet of God. David, a man after God's own heart, was king of Israel. But Jesus is the greater David, King of kings, Lord of lords, God, very God. Now David was born of the tribe of Judah, out of whom no priests came. Yet he ate of the shoebre reserved for priests. He was the great warrior overcoming the enemy, establishing the people as king. He sat on the throne. He was a prophet. He was a wonderful type of Christ. Now it says in Isaiah 22:22, "And the key of the house of David will I lay upon his shoulder. So he shall open and none shall shut. and he shall shut and none shall open. The spirit uses this Old Testament reference concerning the Lord Jesus Christ and his ministry in the church. What the key of David signified at that time is a mere shadow which is now fulfilled in Jesus Christ standing in the midst of the lampstand. So we see this has moved from a partial realization now that was a shadow of the type and now God brought that shadow to fullness. He brought it into its entirety or maturity. And so it's there at that time was mere shadow now fulfilled and Jesus standing in the midst of the lampstand. It has to do with our Lord after his resurrection and not his earthly pilgrimage. But what does this key signify? The answer lies in the position of the key. It is not in his hand. It's not worn around his neck. It's not placed in the hands of other men. Or the verse could not be saying that he alone has the use of that key. For he alone opens and shuts. And no man has that right but Jesus himself. Isn't that right? But where is the key? It's on his shoulder. But what does shoulder have to do with it? Read Isaiah 9:6. And the government shall be upon his shoulder. But what does this mean? The answer is this. The phrase government upon his shoulder comes from the wedding ceremony of the east. And you'll go in certain countries. Amen. We we uh been South America. It's a very strong custom there. I don't know other countries. That's all I can really reference it to. But you'll see uh what is being spoken right here in just a minute. Okay. When the bride has been committed to the groom, she takes off her veil and places it over the groom's shoulder, signifying that not only is she under his dominion, that she has tr transferred her rights to him, that he is the head, but also that he So, it's not just the bride saying, "I give all of this, my rights, everything I give it to you. But you see, by the acceptance of that veil on his shoulder, he's now declaring to her that he bears responsibility and care. And that he and he alone, no one else, no other man, no other power has any right or responsibility. And that, beloved, is the key of David. God being sovereign, he forneew by divine decree exactly who would be in his bride. Come on. People struggle with predestination, but it's all through the Bible. God declaring before the foundation of the world. God declaring that he knows his own. And he's never lost a one. So, he has to know who that is. And the that he knew by divine decree who would be in his bride. He chose her. Oh, somebody ought to raise a hand and say, "Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. You chose me." Amen. She did not choose him. He called her. She did not come on her own. He died for her. He washed her in his own blood. My paid a price for her. She belongs to him. See how this goes against the culture of our day? The culture of our day comes right down. And sorry sisters, I I'm not referring to you. But you know what? Uh, I I'm in control of my own destiny, my body, my decision, my choice. All of these things are now a defiance. You see them as an expression. It's a defiance in the natural, but it's also a defiance in the spiritual realm. They're telling God, "I can control my destiny. I don't need to be under your headship. In fact, I would refuse to put my veil on your shoulder and give complete control to you." Oh my brother and sister, Lord, help us. You see, that's what's wrong with our churches in this day is the church herself, right? The church always reflects is is represented as a woman. She's refusing now to give complete control to the bridegroom, right? She wants to have her own doctrine. She wants to interpret the word of God, God's word, the word that God put together. She wants to interpret it how she wants to interpret it. Which is why I brought out the little deal about this recent denominational thing. You know, they want to not take the word what the word says. They want to take what their emotion, their feeling, inclusiveness, and all of these things. You know, God was inclusive. He gave eternal life. Amen. He said to all that would believe. Just the fact that he knew who would believe, my brother and sister, it wasn't a roll of the dice. Oh, maybe they will or maybe they won't. God knew. He didn't force us to believe, but he knew. Either that or he's not God, right? He knew who would believe. And he knew they wouldn't. And he knew you would. Lord, help us. Let us never take that for granted. Oh, God chose me. I don't have to do it. No, we have our part to play. Amen. We got a life to live. We've got a gospel to represent. Amen. We We've got a testimony to share. Amen. So, as we look at this, we realize she's wholly committed. Well, let me back up. She belongs to him and to him alone. My none of this. I'll go search for one that'll treat me nicer. This is some time back. And if it sounds like I'm being harsh on churches, I'm not. They're good people in there. They're just not doing their job anymore. Some time back, I saw an article of how this church, the pastor had, he said, a vision. And so they added a sports complex and a daycare and a library to their church because in this vision the people poured into their church and that's what would attract them. When has it ever been a sports complex and a library and a daycare been the foundation of the gospel? Right. See, not the word, all the amenities. Right. Exactly. And they had like a 140% increase in single mothers attending their church. And this is what blew me away because we had the revelation that these single mothers needed a break from their children and we could provide that. Not they needed more of the Lord, more of the word of God, needed a heightened spiritual awareness of who they were, just a break. My brother and sisters, see how it's convoluted the gospel. Cuz I'll tell you what, you get them mothers, single mothers, what a life, difficult, hard life. I mean, let's not deny it. It's just hard life. But if we get those mothers filled with the Holy Ghost, the Holy Spirit will pour the strength into them that they can endure their circumstance and raise their children to serve God. Instead, we don't change their life. We just give them a break. Am I being harsh? No. She is wholly committed to him and he accepts the obligation. He is her head for Christ is the head of his church. Sarah called Abraham Lord. Even so the bride is happy that he is her Lord. He speaks she obeys for that is her delight. I say Lord when your word speaks to me. Amen. It is our delight. Oh you know yes it is sweet in our mouth and it is bitter in our belly. Let's not deny that. That's what the word said it would be. There'll be times we've faced great adversity, but there's also a joy in our heart to know God loves me enough to give me the truth. Amen. He doesn't call me by emotion. He doesn't call me by circumstance. He called me by the word. And the word is sufficient for our need in this day. Amen. I don't even know what time it is. Running out of time. I think I will just go ahead and move a little bit farther forward there. Brother Isaac, you see what's happened? Jesus, the word says he's the true bread from heaven. And we can eat mana, natural mana, religious mana, but we'll be hungry again. But we eat of that mana, which is the word of God, Christ himself, and we'll never hunger again. We eat of that mana, and we are then being filled or brought into eternal life. So, it's not just that we're eating, it's what we're eating. We can eat a lot of religious commentary and some of that is good. But I can share I won't but I could share right now a situation of where a young man's life is t turning upside down because he's just reading all this religious commentary and there's confusion contradiction between the commentaries and now he's not found a peace or a security or a solid foundation. and he's found confusion because this commentary says this, this commentary says that, that commentary says that, and I don't know which one to believe. My brother and sister, forget their commentary. Read the word of God. Ask God to open or uh interpret the word to it, and then we won't need that. We won't have a a reality that's confused by opinion, but we can have a reality that's settled. We no longer need to just live in the shadow when the light has come. And the word says that the light has come. Amen. So, we need to just live in the light. Amen. And going on here, just grabbing some of these uh top notes here. Amen. There's no need for partial salvation, my brother and sister. No need partial salvation. Well, praise God. I quit my drinking. I quit my smoking. I quit my pornography. I quit this and I quit that. But no relationship with Jesus Christ. Just overcame these things. And then that constitutes. My own son shared with me testimony, which is kind of ironic because my son's not even faithful in church, but he said he was working with a guy and the guy was he's he's definitely a changed guy now. cuts his hair, looks nice and neat, doesn't go out, you know, partying anymore. He's home with his family, and he's telling my son, "You, you ought to come join this church up in the North Valley, Phoenix." In the North Valley, awesome church. And my son's like, "Oh, okay. What What is that?" He goes, "Oh, man. It's so awesome. They've got bowling league. They got basketball. They got baseball. They've got soccer. We don't have enough men for a men's soccer league. And we don't have enough young ladies for a young lady's soccer league. Man, we're out of luck. But you know, even my son said, you know what? He never mentioned never mentioned the gospel. Come on, saints. Don't let Satan tell you you've missed something because you can have every league there is. But without Christ, you've joined a club. That's right. We're not a club. We're the body of Christ. We're believers. We're Christians. And we're desiring to be the word manifested. Amen. You see, I know this is redundant. Forgive me, but just stirring up your pure minds. Our salvation is in Christ alone. No other place. That's right. Amen. Brother Alex, you were right. I have way too much. He asked me in the back room I was going to be able to do get through this. And just like I was as a little boy, my eyes are much bigger than I can handle. Let's go into um chapter nine, Leodysian. Here's the true witness. Now this word true is the same word we saw back there in Revelation 3:7. You recall that it does not mean true as in contrast to false. It has a richer, deeper meaning by far. It expresses perfect realization in contrast to partial realization. Now my brother and sister, what we want is to have a full true realization of this gospel. Without a true understanding of that here again, as I said earlier, we can attend church. It might clean us up as this friend of my son. Joel asked him, he says, "So why did you get a haircut and all this stuff?" He says, "Well," he says, "That's the way all of those guys are, and I wanted my family, so my boys and I, we we got haircuts and stuff so that we fit in with them. Is that what we want to do? Dress a certain way, look nice and clean and tidy, have a wholesome look to us to fit in? Or is the gospel actually causing us to change in our heart's desire not to please anyone around you? Don't misunderstand me today, but I'm not here to please you. I'm here to please the Lord. You can give accolades yourself. You could say, "Well done, Paul." That won't mean one thing, but for him to say, "Well done," is everything. And so we have to come to this place that we get our priorities right and we want to get our perfect realization in contrast to partial real realization. Now back in the Philadelphiaian age the coming of the Lord was drawing nigh what great love that age manifested for him. It reminds me of those beautiful words of first Peter 1:8. Whom having not seen you love, in whom though we now see him not, yet believing you rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory. With them we rejoice also. And we haven't seen him, but we have felt him. Who's felt the presence of God in your life before? Amen. If you haven't, I would encourage you to come with a greater uh expectation, a greater desire. Approach God in a greater level of sincerity if you have not felt him. Amen. We're not talking about an emotional kind of feeling. We're talking about that presence of God that you know that he is here. Amen. And it's not like a terror of some demon coming in the room. But my brother and sister, literally there is a peace that passes all understanding when he is here. Amen. Amen. We know him now as much as our limiting senses can let us. But one day it will be face to face. Are you looking for that day? That is for this age. He is coming at the end of this age. And partial realization will be made perfect realization, completed realization. We can talk about the throne of God, being in the presence of God, standing there praising him, singing for eternity, my brother and sister, but none of us can comprehend what that is. We we have a a sing along or a long service. Uh we we get tired at two or three hours in church. We're we're all tired. We're ready for a change. But you see, so we cannot fathom what it would be to stand on the sea of crystal before the throne of God and just praise him for a thousand years. We can't comprehend that. But it's coming. It's coming. It's promised in the word. It's coming. We're going to come to that day when we're standing there. That will be that perfect realization. Amen. Now, I tell you, it is here. We haven't seen him, but we felt him. We know him as much as our limiting senses can let us. But one day, oh thank you Lord. One day it will be face to face. That is for this age. I know I reread that on purpose. He is coming at the end of this age. Partial realization will be made perfect realization, completed realization. Hallelujah. We have been looking through a glass darkly but soon it will be face to face. We have been going from glory to glory, but soon it'll be right in the glory. And in his glory, we'll shine. We shall be like him. Ain't that wonderful? You know, my I can't wait to be like him because we know in him was perfect love, perfect grace, perfect peace, perfect the word. And we find ourselves always just a little short here, a little short there. You know, I remember reading this man. and he was actually quite a skeptic. He said, "I hear you Christians talk about love. Why can't I see it?" It's a pretty sharp rebuke. If you have love like Christ, why can't I see it? My oh my. And you know, like they say, impostors can't impostor all the time. Sooner or later, the real man comes out. Yeah. You know why actors and actresses over time, many of them kind of go a little crazy? because they're living another personality and they lose track of their own. I don't want to be an actor. I want to be a son of God. I want to be the word. I don't want to act it. I want to be it. Soon be face to face. been going from glory to glory, but soon it'll be right in the glory and his glory will shine. We shall be like him, wondrously like him. Jesus, our savior, divine. Isn't that wonderful? I love this line. I singled it out in my notes right here. I broke it away from that and made the print larger. We are complete in him. I don't need Christ and Leodysia. I don't need Christ and the church. All the church has its place. I don't need Christ and the preacher. I'm complete in Jesus Christ. Amen. Now, his word says, you know, don't forsake your assembling together. All of these other things that are there, they're all part of it. But we are complete in him. That is true. He would not lie to us about that. But one day, we will be changed in the atoms. We'll put on immortality. We'll be swallowed up in life. And then we will realize realization. I'm going to just I'm not going to keep you to to go through all of the rest of my notes, but I tell you the partial is becoming perfect. Amen. Christ in you, the hope of glory. The work he has begun in you, he said, "I will finish." We have nothing to worry about, saints. Just take your veil, spiritual veil. Take it off your eyes. Say, "I'm done with my own headship." Yeah, that's right. I'm going to pin it on your shoulder, Lord, and let you be in complete control. And when we give him complete control, you'll find that life gets easier. And the deeper we get in Christ, the shallower we will be in Leodosa. Shallower we'll be in the age that we live in. But you'll find, now I know this sounds a little harsh, but you'll find when you go out in the world and you mingle, you'll find a lot of shallow Christians. Hopefully this isn't too hard for you to you find a lot of shallow Christians. very deep in culture and music and fashion and all of these things. But that's exactly the opposite of what God wants us to be. He wants us to be deep in his word, in his life, in him, and shallow in the things of this world. I just read a little deal about the Amish. This reporter got permission from the Amish to come travel in their midst and do this report. And when they went there after the fact, this young lady says, "I I initially went there and deep down inside I was going to take this opportunity and I was going to prove how the Amish people live such a shallow life and, you know, so limited and all this stuff." And after spending three months with them, she went back to her life and thought, "My my life is so shallow." Lord, help us not to be deep in the things of this world. Let's go to Revelations 22 and uh I Jesus have sent my angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am the root and the offspring of David, a bright morning star. And the spirit and the bride say come. And let him that heareth say come. And let him that is a thirst come. And whosoever will, let him take of the water of life freely. For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book. If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in the book, this book. And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life and out of the holy city and from the things which are written in this book. Come, Sister Rica. Amen. He that testifies these things saith, Surely I come quickly. Amen. Even so, come Lord Jesus. Let that be our heart's desire. Let us come to the place that that realization is so real. We're not looking for another year, 10, 20 on this earth. But Lord, if you would choose to come today or come on an Easter morning, whatever it would be, Lord, I want to be ready. I want to just be there and let that realization soak into me that I have one way into eternal life and that is my Lord Jesus Christ. And as we press into that, my brother and sister, you'll find, you know, brother Paul's been to the doctor a few times lately and you know, you ask them, "Hey, how long does it take for this to take effect? How long does this take to be there?" and they'll tell you, "Oh, it's not inst instantaneous. You'll you'll have to take it for a little bit. It'll start to have an effect on you." My brother and sister, this gospel is not going to in most cases, I would say, not going to be an instantaneous complete change of your life. I always think back, you know, remember that man got converted, kept telling brother Brandham, he says, "Uh, I can't stop smoking and I just I can't do this." But you see the antidote there, as much as he had tried to do it on his own, he thought he was doing it, but he was doing it on his own. But God used something to jar him, to change him. And I hope you guys don't mind today. If we've been just a little bit slack as a church, a group of believers, I hope God jars you. I hope he causes something to cause you to realize, I need you, Lord. I need you more than I thought that I needed you. God bless you, saints. Let's just stand. We'll sing a song or two. Amen. 969. Listen to our hearts. Hallelujah. [Music] How do you [Music] explain? How do you describe a love that grows from east to west? Earth as deep as it is wide. You know all our hopes. You know all our fears. When words could not express the love we feel, but we long for you to hear. Listen to our hearts. Hear our spirits sing. The song of praise that [Music] flows from those you have redeemed. And we will use the words, the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. When words are not enough to tell you of our love, just listen to our heart. words could fall like rain from these lips of [Music] mine. And if I had a thousand years, I would still run out of time. So if you listen to my heart, Every beat will say, "Thank you for the life. Thank you for the truth. Thank you for the way. Listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. The song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. When words are not enough to tell you of our love, just listen to our hearts. Amen. Number [Music] 994. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a rich like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. was blind but now I see. Was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears relief. How precious did that grace appear. The hour I first believe. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my s ransomed me and like a flood his mercy reigns. Unending love, amazing grace. The Lord has promised good to me. His word my hope secures. He will my shield and portion me as long as life endures. The earth shall soon dissolve like snow. the sun forbear to shine. But God who called me here below will be forever mine. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior ransomed me. And like a fl his mercy reigns. Unending love, amazing grace. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my [Music] save, ransom me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing grace. Amen. Before we dismiss number 894, sorry, 8:49. [Music] 8:49 In the harvest fields now ripened, there's a work for all to do. Hark the voice of God is calling to the harvest calling you. Little is much when God is in it. labor not for wealth or fame. There's a crown and you can win it. If you go in Jesus name, does the place you're called to labor seem so small and little known? It is great if God is in it and he'll not forget his own. Little is much when God is in it. Labor not for wealth or fame. There's a crown and you can win it if you go in Jesus name. When the conflict here is ended and our race on earth is run, he will say, "If we are faithful, welcome home, my child, well done. Little is much when God is in it. Labor not for wealth or fame. There's a crown and you can win it if you go in Jesus' name. When we enter heaven's portals and our Savior's face, we see cares of life will be forgotten. We'll be happy, glad, and free. Little is much when God is in it. Labor not for wealth or fame. There's a crown and you can win it. If you go in Jesus name. Oh, little is much when God is in it. Labor not for wealth or fame. There's a crown and you can win it if you go in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music]
