################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-09 - April 9, 2025 - The Word Holds Us - Bro Paul Haylett - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-09
Title:    April 9, 2025 - "The Word Holds Us" - Bro Paul Haylett
Speaker:  Paul Haylett
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 38m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGDRvcWbP1I
========================================

Description:
Bro Paul Haylett
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] dance. [Music] Now we got sound. Say not many of us, but everybody who's here is a singer, so that's good for me. Um, why don't we start with number 564? It's a little bit faster. At [Music] Calvary, years I spent in vanity and pride, caring not. My Lord was crucified, knowing not it was for me. He died on [Music] Calvary. Mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. Bear my burden soul found liberty at [Music] calary. By God's word at last my sin I learned. Then I trembled at the light spill till my guilty soul imploring turn to Calvary. Oh mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. There my burden soul found liberty at [Music] calary. And now I've give to Jesus everything. And now I gladly own him as my king. Now my raptured soul can only sing of [Music] Calary. Mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. Bear my burden soul found liberty at calary. Oh the love that drew salvation's plan. Oh the grace that brought it down to men. Oh, the mighty golf that God did spend at [Music] Calvary. Mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. Bear my burden soul found liberty at calary. One more time. Oh mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. Bear my burden soul found liberty at calary. Amen. Why don't we stand together as we sing this one? I've come across and uh believe most of you know it. Don't you want to go to heaven? Number 775. [Music] Do we know [Music] it? All right. Well, I guess we'll learn it. Um geez, fine. Don't you want to go to heaven and walk upon the streets of gold? Don't you want to go to heaven and arrest your weary soul, walking in the holy city and listen to the angels sing? Join in the heavenly choir and let your voices ring. Don't you want to go to heaven? Don't you want to live someday? Don't you want to see your loved ones and hear the Savior say, "Welcome to the holy city. Your life has just begun." Then you'll hear the father saying, "Welcome home, my son. If you want to go to heaven, then you must be born again." born of the Holy Spirit. Let Jesus live within. Let him be the one to guide you. Let him be the one to care. Don't you want to go to heaven and have a home up there? Don't you want to go to heaven? Don't you want to live someday? Don't you want to see your loved ones and hear the Savior say, "Welcome to the holy city. Your life has just begun." Then you'll hear the father say, "Welcome home, my son." Well, that wasn't that bad. Um let's go to number 7 8 and 9 as we prepare for [Music] prayer. There's a fountain that is flowing from a place called Calary. [Music] There is healing in it waters. There is joy and victory. Have you been beneath that fountain? There's no other place to go. Flowing down from Calary's [Music] mountain, it will wash you white as snow. Other waters will be bitter. They just can not satisfy. But this fountain flows forever. It will never run dry. Have you been beneath that fountain? There's no other place to go. flowing down from Calary's mountain. It will wash you white as snow. Oh, have you been beneath the fountain? There's no other place to go. Flowing down from Calary's mountain, it will wash you white as snow. Amen. I have a few prayer requests. I'll ask brother Ivan if you could lead us in a word of prayer. Let's remember Sister Lorie Snow. Um it's more of a praise report. Her kidney is working again. So, praise the Lord for that. Let's uh remember brother Gideon and Lily. Also, Sister April and Sister Dorcas and brother Charlie, that's baby Charlie for a full recovery. and uh the Dean Hart family as they travel and brother brother Tim Deanhart also traveling and uh sister Rachel my wife has been uh is recovering after sickness um the Lord's touched her but just desiring a full healing and let's also remember the Easter services here at the church and uh also South Africa God bless you Saints, let's just take these names to the Lord in prayer. Our heavenly father, Lord, we just come before you, Lord. Father, maybe few in number, Lord, but you're here with us, Lord. And Father, we just come expecting what you have for us, Lord. And Father, just open our hearts, Lord, that we could just re receive your word, Lord. And Father, we just desire, Lord, to read the read these needs, Lord, that Brother Alex just read, Lord, and go over, Lord. And Father, you know them before they were ever read, Lord. You know each situation, Lord, you know each heart, Father. And Father, the different ones, Lord, I just thinking of U brother Pashan and Sister Aancha in California, Lord, we just ask, Lord, that you just be their portion, Lord. And father, just be there with them, Lord. Bless them, Father. And Father, and the different ones not feeling well, Lord. Father, you're our healer, Lord. And it's already done, Father. And Father, just give us faith, Lord, to believe, Father. And uh, Father, and we thank you, Lord, for the situations you have touched and the different ones and Lord, and those that can't be here with us, Lord. Uh, those that are traveling, Brother Tim Dean Hart, Lord. Father, just protect them on the roads and just watch over him, Lord, as he makes this journey, Lord. Father, just um as they start a new beginning, Lord, just be there with them, Father. And uh Father, and if I missed anyone, Lord, I just ask, Lord, do you just be with each one, Lord, but bless the service tonight, Lord, just uh we just desire, Lord, more of you, Father. Father, we just give this night into your hands, Lord, and the service, Father, and just ask all these things in your precious name, our Lord Jesus Christ. [Music] Amen. You may be [Music] seated. Why don't we sing that song number 118? I want more of Jesus. I want more of Jesus. More and more and more. I want more of Jesus than I've ever had before. I want more of his great love. So rich, so full and free. I want more of Jesus. So I'll give him more of me. Oh, I want more of Jesus. More and more and more. I want more of Jesus than I've ever had before. I want more of his great love. So rich, so full and free. I want more of Jesus. So I'll give him more of me. One more time. Oh, I want more of Jesus. More and more and more. I want more of Jesus than I've ever had [Music] before. I want more of his great love. So rich, so full and free. I want more of Jesus, so I'll give him more of [Music] me. Amen. Well, I'm going to try another song that I I don't think I've ever sang it here. Number 553. Since Jesus came into my heart. Do we know that one? No slows downs. No slowdowns. What a wonderful change in my life has been wrought since Jesus came into my heart. I have lied in my soul for which long I have sought since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart. Floods of joy. Oh my soul. Like the sea belows roll since Jesus came into my heart. And I have ceased from my wondering and going astray since Jesus came into my heart. And my sins which were many are all washed away. Since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart, floods of joy, oh my soul, like the sea billows roll since Jesus came into my heart. And I possess of a hope that is steadfast and sure. Since Jesus came into my heart and no dark clouds of doubt, now my pathway obscure since Jesus came into my ark. Since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart. Floods of joy. Oh my soul. Like the sea billows roll since Jesus came into my heart. There's a light in the valley of death now for me. Since Jesus came into my heart and the gates of the city beyond I can see since Jesus came into my heart. Verse 5, please. I shall go there to dwell in that city I know since Jesus came into my heart and I'm happy so happy as onward I go since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart, floods of joy over my soul. Like the sea billows roll since Jesus came into my heart. Amen. As we stand this last song as brother Paul comes number 977. In his [Music] time. In his time he makes all things beautiful in his time. Lord, please show me every day as you're teaching me your way that you do just what you say in your time. In his time. In his time he makes all things beautiful in his time. Lord, my life to you. I bring may each song I have to sing to you a lovely thing. In his time. Verse one. Oh, in his time. In his time. He makes all things beautiful in his time. Oh Lord, please show me every day as you're teaching me your way that you do just what you say in your time. Verse two, in his time. In his time he makes all things beautiful in his son. Lord to you. God bless you. Beautiful. And your song to sing me to you a lovely thing in his time. Isn't that a beautiful song? Amen. I think it just uh definitely a lesson that we have to learn that it has to happen in God's time. God bless you, brother Trevor, Sister Carrie. That's awesome that you guys had such a good time. Yes. Amen. Let's remember our our brother Ben McCaffy. They were out um for actually his grandmother's brother Ben's grandmother's funeral. And um so they've uh took care of the other things of the that and we'll be going home here in a day or two. But brother Ben strained his back and has tremendous pain. Um and uh we just want to remember him and your prayers. Amen. Lord be with him. And uh each and every prayer request the need. Sometimes we don't always get everything mentioned. Uh but we just say we're uh happy little Phillip is is feeling better. Uh and uh uh you know I say this with a little humor if it's okay. You know um little guy can't really say a whole lot. I know when I get sick I complain and Sister Jerry kind of calls it the man flu. U but um you know imagine the little guy. He can't really tell you it's my back. It's my head. It's my stomach. And so we're thankful, Lord. Just touch our children. Uh keep them safe. Amen. Keep them strong. Amen. Thank you, musicians. That was a beautiful song service. Really touched my heart. Appreciate that. Let's turn in our Bibles to second Corinthians. I want to speak you tonight kind of a multiple title that I had here. uh I gave to them uh the word holds us but I have in parentheses underneath that the word sustains us and uh I thank the Lord for that because uh in a time uh uh that we live in great challenges of the day the age we have been warned by by the word of God what the day would be like but I think sometimes it catches us a little offguard uh of the spirits and the things that we must face uh the challenges uh you know that are there and how Satan can come sometimes and he can just get in the midst of a conversations a husband or wife say good example and uh totally causes things to be misunderstood which brings uh some kind of a friction that is there but if we'll stop and just recognize it's not your husband it's not your wife it's just the devil and he just loves loves to get himself to insert himself in the conversation in the circumstance that he can cause as much chaos as possible. And uh so you know it's a word that is holding us or sustaining us in this day that we're living in. And um I thank God for his word. Amen. Uh without that word now I've tried to keep this kind on the simple side tonight. Uh so 2 Corinthians 12:es 6-10 uh and uh this might this might be a little different approach. I don't know. Uh just ask the Lord to have blessed our our studies and blessed this ministry of the word tonight. Bless your ears for hearing. Amen. Verse six. For though I would desire to glory. This the Apostle Paul speaking to the Corinthians. For though I would desire to glory, I shall not be a fool. For I will say the truth, but now I forebear, lest any man should think of me above that which he seeth me to be, or that he heareth of me, and lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations. There was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above measure. For this thing I besought the Lord thrice, that it might depart from me. And he said unto me, my grace is sufficient for thee, for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly, therefore, will I rather glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me. Therefore, I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in necessities, and persecutions, and distresses for Christ's sake. For when I am weak, then I am strong. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your word. Ask you to bless it, bless your saints tonight. I ask in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. As we look at this here tonight, just to touch for a few minutes, it it is there we see the very nature of humanity in the Apostle Paul. He was there telling you that uh you know uh these revelations that God has given me, these revelations that have shook the New Testament church, it shook Jerusalem uh and all those around about uh things that that were stunning to them and in some cases hard to be believed. And you know the apostle Paul and and uh uh uh uh Peter had disagreements but in the end it was the revelation shown to Paul that that Peter had to you might say uh acuence to he had to say nope that's the truth and so we see that he's saying you know lest I in my flesh and lest I be like a a regular human would be lifted up be of the things that God has showed me and what has been done uh uh God has come uh and uh showed me through this abundance of revelations. But he said to balance that God has put a thorn in my flesh. And I would say tonight that each and every one of us has some kind of a thorn that you would say is in our flesh. Something there that is we would think, you know what, Lord, I just want delivered from that. I I need delivered from that. Lord, deliver me. He Paul says you know ask the Lord three times and the answer is not I'm going to deliver you it is saying you know what my grace is sufficient for you so it's there it's not always God just taking our problem away but he's giving us grace sufficient to deal to live to overcome and not God erasing our problems one after another wouldn't that be wonderful if we have a little issue a little something a little thing in our flesh a little something in our family, in our life, we could just say, "Lord, take it away." And it was gone. What kind of people would we be? We'd be characterless. We would be asking God to take every little obstacle away. And I think it would probably even go as far as you're in the office working and there's someone who's who's causing a problem. We'd be tempted then to say, "Lord, take them away." But you see, God wants us sometimes to be molded in our character. Amen. I would be. And and so he's there, you know, God's speaking, the Lord's speaking to him, my grace is sufficient for thee, for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Amen. So the Apostle Paul is saying, you know what? I'm going to come to a place. I'm actually going to glory in my infirmity. How how often do you think about glorying in your infirmity? I've got troubles in my life. I've got struggles in my life. I don't like my job or I don't like this circumstance. But I'm going to say thank you, Lord, because you are in control. And and we we don't usually think about it that way. What we really would be is more like the men on the way to Emmas. We'd be walking along reasoning. We thought that God was going to be the deliverer. We thought Jesus was going to be the king. We thought this, we thought this, we thought this. But God is actually molding our character by the infirmities that we are facing. And that we should actually, as hard as it is, I'm preaching to myself tonight, we should be able to stop and say, you know what? Thank you, Lord, because this wouldn't be happening unless you saw that it was good for me. You wouldn't bring me out and forsake me in my infirmity just to watch me squirm and suffer. But you know that there is a purpose there. And so, it's there. Paul is saying,"Most gladly, therefore, will I glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me. Therefore, I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in necessities, in persecutions, in distresses for Christ's sake. For when I am weak, then I am strong." And as we are sitting here, my brother and sister, possibly maybe I'm just preaching tonight. I don't know. But if we are sitting here tonight complaining about our circumstance, we are not, "Oh, I'm preaching to Paul. Don't worry about it." Amen. But when we refuse to accept the infirmity and the distresses that come with it, we're actually trying to remain strong in our own position. and we're trying to find strength within oursel when the word is clearly showing us that we need to become weak and when we are weak then we are strong and I I thank the Lord you know the word always has an answer for us and you know the more that we dig in the times of trouble the more that we dig in this right here my brother and sister is our financial counselor this is here our our emotional counselor This here is our marriage counselor. It is a counselor for everything that we have need of. Want to know how to raise your children? It's right here. Know how to be friends? It's right here. Know how to be a servant? It's right here. Amen. The word has the answer for us. Now, we have to decide if the answers that God is giving us, the circumstance that we're in, you have to decide if it's your pleasure or your tribulation. If you are looking at this of how difficult this is, how to deal with these things is so hard. If that has become the figure of speech of your life, this is so hard. I would ask you to go back, study this scripture and look at the position the apostle Paul took when he had these infirmities. He did not say, "I struggle so hard, saints of Corinth, of Ephesus. Oh, I struggle so hard to serve God. He tells you, I've got a thorn in my flesh. I've got infirmities. I've got struggle. But I tell you what I'm going to do. I serve an awesome God. And I'm going to glory in every infirmity that comes my way. Everything that I have to face in my life, I'm going to give glory to God because God's either in control or he's not. And if he's in control, we're complaining not about our circumstance. We're complaining about his leadership. Yeah. And that's something Satan wants to lead us into so that we're actually speaking against the very thing that we say we believe. And Satan is very clever to be able to do that. So we need to stop and we need to look at it. Is it a pleasure or a tribulation to serve God? If it's our tribulation, then recognize why it is there. Maybe there's something in us that needs molded, something that needs to be taken back to the refiner's fire and and burnt out of us. My brother and sister, you know as well as I do that in the flesh, if we are coming up to face the refiner's fire again, the flesh does not want to go back to the fire. Our flesh wants to be blessed, told that we're doing good, and move on. But if God sees a need for us, as it would be tribulation in our flesh, and we need to go back to the refiner's fire, can we find pleasure in going back to the refiner's fire? I say, Lord, help us to find pleasure in going back to the refiner's fire as many times as he sees fit for us to go back. Now, the flesh is not going to like that. Let's just face that. But my brother and sister, if it is our pleasure, our pleasure to to uh serve God, whatever he brings our way, then my brother and sister, give praise to God that he counted you worthy. If he is giving these things to us and we say, I'm going to find pleasure in my tribulation. I'm going to find pleasure in in the thorn that is in my flesh. I I want to say thank you, Lord, that you have saw fit to count me worthy to be part of this. Look what God put Job through just so he could come one day and face the reality of who he really was in the economy of God. Amen. Was Job greater than you? No. No. So, if God chose to do that to Job, here's a signup sheet. I'll leave it in the foyer. See, God is equal in his opportunity of what he saw in Job that he said, "I need to take this out of Job to take Job to a higher level of perfection than ever was thought capable." God's ways are higher than our ways. Let's just set our level of perfection right here. And certainly it would be something we'd say that brother, that sister's going to make the rapture. But God's ways are higher than our way. So our level of perfection, God's got a higher level. I say, Lord, as hard as it will be, let us have pleasure and being called to that high calling in Christ Jesus. not to just remain at the level that is comfortable because it is comfortable and it is something that we have lived at and we know that we can attain to. So Lord just let us live at that level. My brother and sister we are called to a high calling in Christ Jesus. And if he calls us higher and it's painful to go higher then say Lord you are my strength and I am weak and I'm going to come higher. Could that be our prayer today? Yes. Amen. You see something, my brother and sister is happening to God's people. We're seeing all of these prophecies fulfilled. You know, I I I'm not going to dive into politics tonight, but I want to tell you that the scripture says when they say that there is wars and rumors of wars and peace comes sudden destruction and it comes a time that there's supposed to be prosperity. Do you realize in the last year or two, every one of those has been systemic systemically brought to pass? Systematic is the word I'm trying to find. Yeah, systematic right here. Oh, we're moving through a painful time that we're going to go into prosperity. We'll have to add a few trillion to the debt to go there. And yet, we know by prophecy that there's one with a checkbook that is there to bail out America when she can't pay her bill. Now, I want to ask you tonight, are you going to go, "Oh, this is horrible." Or are you going to say, "Thank you, Lord. Your word's coming to pass." Isn't that It's hard, my brother and sister. I'll just be honest with you. When it comes to economics, I I like it when it's easy, when there's money in the bank, and I can afford a few extra things and I can do kind of what I'd like to do. And I I like that, my brother and sister. But the prophet of God said there'll come a squeeze. Yeah. Are we still rejoicing? Amen. Yeah. We really need to rejoice, my brother and sister, because the words prophesied that there'll be a squeeze and we should be saying, "Thank you, Lord, that there's a squeeze that's going to cause me to be ready when you call my name, and I will get out of here. I won't be sitting there as those without oil in a comfort zone." We want to be ready. Can someone say amen to that? Amen. Something's happening to God's people. And to recognize what is taking place, we have to actually be in the word. We can't just be in the church. We can't just be a studious studyer of things. We got to be in the word. And when we get in the word, God deals with us. And he said, you know what? I I'll be with you even to the end. So, we have a promise that we're sitting here tonight knowing that God is walking our very path, matching us, as it were, footstep by footstep in the way that we're walking. And yet, somehow, just like Israel in the wilderness, we can find a reason to complain. I'm not talking about any of you. I'm talking about some other folks. You see what's happening is we've got to be in the word to recognize what is actually taking place. Now, God's perfect will, we use that, we hear that phrase, right? Have you prayed that even in a prayer? Lord, I just want your perfect will. But you see to be in God's perfect will requires a perfect submission to his will because without perfect submission or full submission to his will to his word then we will find ourselves uh uh uh complaining or struggling over the fact of what is happening in my life. Why am I going through this same cycle again? uh uh brother Rap you know brought that out in his deal you know on this screen and there is Israel uh uh so close to the promised land but uh uh going around in their cycle and you know God's here today there's cycles taking place in lives today there's cycles taking place in churches today and you see God doesn't want us caught in a cycle he wants us in his word and his word came to deliver us from the cycles that man and politics and all of these things create it's to deliver us to be that. Now the prophet of God says what happens is listening to it today in the first seal the prophet of God says you know you watch them and they caught a little spark of inspiration and they came out only to create a denomination around what they come their new revelation they come out of and they just started circling again and then God brings his word anoints a man they come out but what happens is they just go and start circling again. And my brother and sister, we weren't called to just circle around in circles. We were called to be delivered in this age from everything that would hinder you. The prophet of God also says that you are here as the bride of Christ to manifest the word. So the circle is causing people to not manifest the word. They're getting into a cycle. And that cycle, my brother and sister, if it is not bringing us closer to the Lord, is as taught to the young people, a red herring. It is there just simply to be a distraction to draw our attention away. You know, and I would say this, uh, please don't read too much into it, but when we get concerned about what's happening with people a,000, 2,000, 5,000, 8,000 miles away, so much so that we can't serve God to our potential because of their problem in their church, it's just a herring, plain and simple. something to distract us out of the word to keep us from digging into the word to see the word manifested in us. Satan's so clever. We get caught up in politics. Just talking to a brother, I'll just throw this in. I was just talking to a brother and he was telling me, "My, you know, there's this deal here and and you know, we got some folks in our part of the world is how he put it. are all caught up now in the flat earth and and conspiracy theories and they they come to church, they get out of church, they just barely step out the doors and and they're talking about the latest conspiracy. My brother and sister, let me give you a conspiracy to talk about. There's a conspiracy where God come down, anointed men and women in the 21st century with the Holy Ghost to cause them to come to a place that they are filling their lamp full of oil and they will stand there in that day with oil in their lamp and when behold the bridegroom cometh, they're not going to have to go run looking for it. How's that for a conspiracy? Amen. Not everyone's going to have it. It's only for a secret group of people. Sounds pretty conspiratorial, doesn't it, my brother and sister? But I tell you, that's what God wants us to look to, not to what the deal is. I Is this Trump, President Trump? Uh uh uh uh is he the last Trump in scripture? You know, people come up with this. Does it matter if that's where it's placed in the scripture? Where are you at? Where am I at? Are we putting oil in our lamp or are we burning what oil we have? That's not too straightforward, is it? H. Okay. A couple of you at least nodded. Yeah. Makes me nervous. Now, look, Brother Brandham says here in the uh uh message experiences, um he said, I'll admit, yeah, you have to catch a little of this. I didn't want to just bring the whole thing out cuz it's just a lot of I'll admit there's a sickness unto death and that's why prophetic gifts are in the church to know these things. But to say that our father that a man had rheumatism arthritis say yes Lord now look at this. This is the prophet giving this as an example. A man would say yes Lord I'm glad to have it. Glad you gave it to me. I embrace it. I love it. I glory in tribulation. That's just hard to comprehend, isn't it? To to have something in your life, an affliction in this flesh. And to say, you know what? Thank you, Lord, for letting me have this. Thank you, Lord, that maybe there's something in me that uh will you'll heal me. And let that be a testimony that you're a healer. You see, mostly we do a a a little bit of reasoning, a little bit of complaining, a little bit of expressing ourselves uh in such a fashion. Now, you know, I don't want to sound like negative, but you see, but brother Brown's laying this out, a man is an example. I glory in tribulation. Paul's thorn in the flesh that was no more disease than nothing else. Now, I want you to catch that. That's a very important phrase right there. It wasn't disease. If it wasn't healing, he got well and he said, "The messenger of the devil that buffet me." What does the word buffet mean? Blow after blow. See, then he healed him. He got well and he healed him again. He got sick and healed him. He got sick. Blow after blow. He said, "A messenger of Satan, not an infirmity." as he meant as he said there, but as people try to interpret, I will let brother Baxter take that thorn in the flesh for you some afternoon or some of these teachers. You see, Brother Brown's laying a groundwork that some of the things that we just out of touch in the uh uh spiritual conflict, we'll look at this and say, "Well, this is disease. This is this circumstance." But the prophet's laying out, and you can clarify this in more than one uh message, one more one service. The prophet's telling you what you're seeing is the evidence of Satan attacking you. Yeah. So, we're looking in a flesh realm, my brother and sister, at a spiritual battle. And it's there that as we look in a flesh realm at a spiritual battle, God wants you and I to recognize the buffeting is not your body. Oh, there is symptoms that are there. There's things that happen. But my brother and sister, there is a spiritual battle and Satan desires to drive home his position in your life in the flesh, but it's actually a spiritual battle. Yeah, it's not a battle of the flesh, but we interpret it that way. It's actually a spiritual battle taking place. Yeah. Are you with me? So, we're prophetically we're we're shown here. We're not the sickly Christian that we might think we are, but we're actually being buffeted in our flesh by Satan. God's going to heal you. Satan's going to try and put it upon you again. We'll see that in many a attributes, many things that are there. So, we're being buffeted. And then as we go further in the scripture, you'll see it's talking about fiery trials. And many times I I I've experienced this myself as a minister that that people are in the midst of fiery trials and they're believing they've done something wrong. Now, you take that quote that the prophet did there and put those two together and realize that in this battle that's going on. It's not that you did something wrong, but Satan is buffeting you. You've got to recognize how much Satan hates you. He hates everything that you are, everything that you stand for, and he's going to buffet you. Amen. And he's he's going to he's going to bring it in such a fashion that he's putting it back on you as though you are a sickly, weak, unworthy Christian. But the truth of it is God has said that you will stand. That the word in you will endure to the end will be an overcomer. You will come in this day and stand and shine as great pillars in his tabernacle. My brother and sister. So, it's not about whether you're worthy or unworthy. It's about the fact that God knew you would stand. And Satan has his punch coming. That's the way the prophet of God put it. That Satan's got his punch coming. And so, God's not going to block every blow of Satan. He's going to allow you as sons and daughters of God to stand on this and to recognize that Christ in you. Amen. This is why my title, the word holds us or the word sustains us because God is going to let Satan prove that the word is in you. Oh, wouldn't that be wonderful if we were just issued a a ID card from the Lord that said you got the Holy Ghost and you're going to overcome all battles and when the devil would show up, you could just show him the card. That's not how it works. When the battle shows up, my brother and sister, God's going to let the word that is deposited in you of who you are is going to rise up. Have you ever noticed it's in times like that, you you run into trouble and travail and at first it feels like a great body blow and you kind of stagger backwards under the circumstance and yet there's something in you starts to rally and you start to remember what you had just read yesterday in your Bible or that morning in the Bible. You start to remember the things that the prophet of God had said and you start to rise up, you know, and we feel bad that we staggered, but God is allowing us, right? The raising of the standard is not someone raising it for you. It's the word in you rising up to stem Satan's flow, his uh overpowering. And as we do that, we'll see that God is standing there with us at that time. And we are, as I said earlier, not a sickly Christian. We are sons and daughters of God. And sometimes it is in the flesh that we react a little slower than we later think we should have. But my brother and sister, you know, Satan wants to use in this spiritual warfare. He wants to use uh your body against you. He wants to use your own mind against you. Can someone say amen to that? Amen. And the closer we get to the promise, the greater this battle is going to become. So if you think while we're still on flesh that we are going to just hit some nice easy valley and coast our way through to the finish, you're mistaken. The closer we get, you'll see that the challenge that came in the wilderness journey it come. Yes, as as brother Ramper brought it out, the elders passed away and there were those. But look at that, my brother and sister. how few God thinned down the age group that was Joshua and Caleb. Thinn that right down and it come down to where there was a generation that knew not. But by revelation they knew. You see, they didn't have to fall back on this. Oh, we've got this example right here. Now, this uh could be controversial and just let it be controversial. My brother and sister, God's bringing us to a time. It's not about what God did for brother Brandham in the woods or what brother Brandham did here, what God did over here. It's coming to a time. What did God do for you and I? And we stand here tonight. We should have our own testimony. We should have our own witness. We should have our own faith rising up that we see. Now, we're not taking away what God did with brother Brandham. He was showing us the way. He was there as a a a oh, I just lost the word there. As a trailblazer. He was there as a trailblazer. But it's coming a time that you and I have a testimony of what God is doing for us. And we can stand on that. It's not wrong to say, "Hey, look, I got my own testimony." Amen. I don't need to go and and rely on this brother's testimony or on that brother's testimony. I've got my own testimony. The word has come. It has healed me. It has corrected me, has delivered me, has guiding me, has met me in the midnight hour. I've got my own testimony. Amen. Because the word is holding us. We're not being held by a man. And you know, this will be controversy in the wording. We're not being held by a message. Are you with me? Oh, that that'll go over real well like a rock, my brother and sister. But you see, almost every denomination out there has a message. So you can't just say we're being held by a message. The message is Jesus Christ to you and I. Amen. That's what God's message is. Is him directly speaking to you and I. He brought a prophet to tie all the loose ends together to put everything where it needs to be for you and I to be able to go forward in truth. Not wandering from this and having to correct it and wander to here and have to correct it. But it come and it put everything in line that we can walk in truth. But when we have truth, we need to walk. Amen. We need to have an action. We need to have a a a going forward into the word of God. Remember what happened with Joshua and Israel? You know, some of them were cattlemen and they come to the Jordan and they were there and they tell Joshua, they said, "You know what? We're just going to stay right over here because we are a people of cattle and of livestock. And this is a land here of livestock. So, we're right here at the promised land. We're just going to stay right here. And Joshua says, "You will rise up and you will cross over or you will die just like your elders died." You see, there's no coming close. We have to cross over. Now Joshua told them, "Once you've crossed over and can honestly claim the promise, come back and claim this land and put your cattle on it. That's fine. But you got to cross over. Get the Holy Ghost." Amen. First before you can stop. Amen. So as we'll look at this, we'll see as Satan is doing now. Look at this here. And who is this? Brother Bram says after his death, burial, and resurrection, Paul was on the road to Damascus one day, and a great light struck him down. Those men around him didn't see the light, but it struck Paul down till it made him blind. He had trouble with his eyes the rest of his life. And he said one time, "Except I should be exalted above the abundance of the revelation, there was given to me a thorn in his flesh, a messenger of Satan to buffet him because it was the abundance of the revelation." Now, I want to make a bold statement to you tonight. You're sitting here tonight with an abundance of revelation. You are sitting here tonight. Oh, it's the message. Brother Brandon preached it. There's the revelation. No, my brother and sister, the revelation is in you and I. The revealing of the word that went forth is being expressed in you and I. It's not in days gone by. It's not in another age. It's not in another dispensation. But the manifestation of the word is taking place in our young people. It's taking place in h the middle age and the old. In every circumstance, the word is coming forth. And so you're sitting here tonight maybe wondering why you have a thorn in your flesh. It's just as it was with the Apostle Paul. It's because there's an abundance of revelation that is in you of the revealed word of the hour of the day that we live in. God is acknowledging the word that was given to you, expressed in you, come forth in you is of the same nature and value, intrinsic value as it was with the Apostle Paul. And it's there that we can expect to have a thorn in our flesh, lest we be lifted up. Lest we become arrogant as a people, lest we become such that we would be thinking, "Hey, you know what? We're the only ones. No one else has any value. We're so special." God will let that thorn come and remind you that you are nobody without him. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. See, day by day, the word being revealed in you, there's an abundance of revelation when God would come and speak to us as a people day by day. But I'll tell you, day by day, the battle rages. Amen. Seems like every time, you know, the prophet of God makes statement like, you know, the preacher on Monday needs to just have someone near like his wife needs to just take it easy and rest, get restored because there's a battle that's there. There's something taking place. But it's not just preachers. It's a body of believers. We we need to have someone to lean on, someone to to be reminded, maybe someone to speak to, have a conversation, a a godly conversation around the word, just to be reminded that what we're facing, the word comes forth, we have good meetings. The day after seems like a dud. Had a a brother today tell me, he says, "Well, brother Paul, you guys had a good weekend." And I said, "Yes, we did." And he said, "Did did you take Monday off to recover?" And I said, "I went to work to recover." And he's like, "Oh, no. You're supposed to take the day off." And I thought, "Oh, Lord, someday, someday, maybe that'll work." But look at this, my brother and sister. In the first seal, Brother Brandham says this. We all know as Christians that God swore to David that he would raise up Christ to sit on his throne to give him an everlasting kingdom here on earth. He did it. Jesus said, "He that overcomes the Antichrist and all the things of the world shall sit with me in my throne as I have overcome and have sat down on my father's throne." See, now someday he rises from his father's throne and goes to take his own throne. How he comes forth to call his subject. How is he going to claim them? He's already got the book of redemption in his hand. When he come from the throne, he had the book of redemption in his hand. You see, he doesn't have to go back to figure out who it is that he's calling. tried to identify them through some other it's already in his hand and so you know made brother Brandham excited enough he says oh I feel like singing a hymn soon the lamb will take his bride to be ever at his side this is song all the host of heaven will assembled be to wash that oh will to be a glorious sight all the saints in spotless white And with Jesus we shall feast eternally. He says, "Oh my, talk about it. Sitting now in heavenly places, what will it be?" Now I want to know my brother and sister. You know what's you know what impacts this goes all the way back to the start of the sermon. It's whether we view how we view this life that we're living, the challenges we face. Is this a burden or is it a privilege? Right? That will affect our life. It will affect us in such ways that that we cannot imagine. And so it's there, you know, that we are called not to tell the Lord over over again how hard this is. Not to tell the Lord how difficult this battle is, but to tell the Lord, "Thank you for the battle. Thank you for everything I have to face because you said you would be with me." and to be with me and be there my brother and sister means every step of a good day or a bad day. He is right here. If you want to use the term in lock step with us, we say I had a bad day. Christ was with you in that bad day. I had a wonderful day. Christ was with you in that wonderful day. My brethren said he said I would never leave you. And if he said I'll never leave you, that doesn't mean he got a little distant from us and we have to do it. The only way it will be is the prophet of God said that the Holy Spirit is very timid that if we create a wrong atmosphere and it goes to the branch as it were above us, that's the only reason he's going to pull back from us. But if we keep the right attitude, the right spirit, the right uh uh uh presence before God, he's walking right there with us. And even then, you know, when he's there on the branch, he doesn't leave us forever. Amen. So, as he comes forth to call his subjects, how is he going to claim them? He's already got the book of redemption in his hand. Glory. Now, on the tape, my brother and sister, Brother Bram's excited here. Not just not just a little bit. Amen. Oh, I feel like singing him. Amen. And he goes into soon the lamb will take his bride to be ever at his side. All the host of heaven will assemble be to watch that will be a glorious sight. and all the saints in spotless white with Jesus. We shall feast eternally. Oh my, talk about sitting now in heavenly places. What will it be if we can feel this way sitting down here on earth before the rapture comes in this condition that we're in now and we can enjoy and stand up around the walls and stand in the rain just to hear this? What will it be when we see him sitting here? Oh my, it'll be a glorious time. See, it's going to all depend on how we look at this, my brother and sister, how we see ourselves coming to a rapture. Now, my brother and sister, I I'm not here. I can't dictate. I don't know the terms. I don't know anything about that. I know I have a desire to be ready when he calls to be there when he says, "Uh, behold, the bridegroom comes." I I want to be able to rise up. The scripture says, "Rise up and meet him." I don't want to turn and run looking for some oil. And I want to be ready for that moment. And I know that God's given within my ability, within your ability to be able to stand and say, "Thank you, Lord. I've got oil in my lamp." We're not boasting. Amen. I've got oil in my lamp, and I am ready for his coming. But you know what? The lamp's still burning oil. So, you can't just now sit on the laurels. You got to get up and you've got to fill the lamp again and again and again before the rapture come. Just heard the prophet say today, "Oh, it might be 20 years." But we also know that he has said much longer times, much uh longer time frame. Amen. In one place he says it might be a hundred years. You're going to have to put some oil in that lamp. Amen. We're not going to be able to just sit back and say, "Praise God, I believe God sent a prophet." You're going to have to actively go out and keep pouring oil in your lamp if it's going to last that long. Amen. And we don't know the day. So, let's keep our lamp full. Amen. Let's not sit back and just wait till it's right down to almost empty and then go out pursuing oil. Let's just keep topping it off. Keep topping it off. I've used his analogy through the years. I'll use it once again. We wouldn't even think about driving across the United States without pulling into a gas station. How can we just look at this and think we're going to make it in a rapture without filling up our oil? Refilling again and again. A baptism and a refilling and a refilling. You see, Satan wants to get us so busy. So many herrings. Those of you who weren't at the the youth uh uh banquet, such a lovely example that Brother Rap brought out. You see, the herrings are there just to draw our attention away from the real thing. Amen. And Satan is so good. Can we admit that? He is so good at drawing our attention over here and drawing our attention over there. Often used in the phrase rabbit and it draws our attention. But you see, God's calling our attention. This is part of God. The word holding us is it's holding our attention. Our attention is not pulled into Leodysa. our attention when we start to drift, God brings us right back. He's holding us in that position. And the word, my brother and sister, is affecting our lives in such a fashion that we are not here saying, "I'm so sorry God drew me away from this distraction." We're saying, "Thank you, Lord. I give praise to you, Lord, because you have drawn my attention back from the distraction, and you have anointed me to desire and seek out those things of the word. Amen. Hallelujah. 1 Peter 4. 1 Peter 4:9-14. Use hospitality one to another without grudging. Now, I find that statement kind of interesting. I'm going to invite Brother Trevor and Sister Carrie to my house. I'm a pastor. I'm supposed to be hospitable. Will you come to my house? Sure. Awesome. Thank you for accepting the invitation. Do you know, Sister Vik, I really wished that Trevor and Carrie weren't coming to my house. You see, I fulfilled one portion of it, but there's a grudge hiding underneath this. And Trevor and Carrie, brother Trevor, Sister Carrie may never know that I really resented them coming to my house. And they'd be telling each other on the way home, "Oh, it was so nice. Brother Paul had us over. It was a lovely time." But you see something grudging underneath. Anybody say, "Ouch." The Lord don't want us to be that way. Because you see that comes over into a spiritual place. Use hospitality to one another without grudging. As every man hath received the gift, even so minister the same one to another as good stewards of the manifold grace of God. Let me be a good steward. Can we say that tonight? Lord, let me be a good steward of your grace. Amen. Let me just hold that and place such an intrinsic value to your grace that I would be a good steward of that. Amen. And if any man speak, let him speak as the oracles of God. If any man minister, let him do it as if the ability which God giveth. that God in all things may be glorified through Jesus Christ to whom be praise and dominion forever and ever. Amen. And I want to just take a break right there and tell you see oracles, right? If any man's going to speak, this is not necessarily see there's a break here. It's not necessarily a man preaching only to preachers. I've heard it said that's only to the preachers, but the preachers come in the next section of that, right, of man ministers. But you do that, let us speak of the oracles. And the oracle is a divine communication. It's a revelation. It's a message delivered by God to prophets seen as the word of God or the scripture. So imagine what we're being told here is that we should come to the place that we speak as the word of God revealed to a prophet. we speak as the scripture. In other words, let us take this word of God and share it with one another for a spiritual value, not as just empty words, but a spiritual value which is a lifechanging or a token of gain. Now, there's be more than one way to apply the token, my brother and sister. We can apply the word that we have a token of spiritual gain. Amen. Or we can just have vain empty words. But let it be that we would come that we would speak and let us speak as the oracles of God. If we're a minister, let us do of the ability which God giveth, that God in all things may be glorified. Do you know that you guys preach as many sermons as I do? And many of your sermons are just as effective, if not more, than what come over this desk. You either leave behind the intrinsic value or evidence of the word or you leave behind something maybe not wrong, not sinful, but maybe empty. You know, when you have your diet, you know, they they tell you the these certain things here, soda pop, for example, um any of you drink soda pop tastes good for the moment, does it? But even open that fresh bottle or can and just leave it on the counter for a little while and everything that seems so good about it turns bland, leaves a yucky taste. Now, I know some of you would disagree with me because I've seen you open or have a and leave it for hours. There's no fizz left. There's no nothing. And then you drink it. But I wonder, is that because it tasted good or some sense of obligation? But you see, let the word that comes from our lips be fresh, full of life, life changing. Let's not share a stale gospel with people. Now, that was verse 11. Let's go on and finish this. Beloved, think it not strange. I love how this ties right together, flows right together. Think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you as though some strange things happened unto you. But here again, isn't it strange how this pops up right in the scripture? But rejoice. Now, don't lift your hands, but I just want to ask you, you can answer it to yourself. When's the last time you rejoiced over a fiery trial? You see what Satan's doing to us? He's bringing us to a place we can complain about the last fiery trial. We can reason over the last fiery trial. We can question God over the last fiery trial, but we find it very difficult to rejoice over the fiery trial. Yeah. My in as much as you're partaker of Christ's sufferings that when his glory shall be revealed, you'll be glad also with exceeding joy. You see, there's more than just saying, "Okay, I'm going to put on a happy face going through a fiery trial. put on a happy face and that way I I can say, "Yeah, brother Paul, I I do that." But you see, there's actually a a as they use the term risk and reward. So the risk that you take by rejoicing when things are going wrong, the reward comes that when his glory shall be revealed, you may be glad also with exceeding joy. His glory is going to be revealed, saints. It's not an if it's going to be, it's when it's going to be. And if we are willing to stand up and say, "Lord, help me." Oh, I would just say tonight, "Lord, lift a hand maybe and say,"Lord, help me to have a a a joy in my life." Amen. To just testify of the glory of God when I'm in a fiery trial because I believe your word. And when your glory is going to be revealed, I'm going to be able to come out of that with exceeding joy. And it's not going to be a false joy, a fake joy, a put on joy. It's going to be a real joy that the redeemed, oh my, I can't wait to hear the praise of the saints before the throne of Almighty God. There's going to be such a sincerity, such a real joy, such a praise coming out of that. And I'm looking forward to seeing this come to pass in your life and in my life. Amen. If you be reproached for the name of Christ, happy are ye, for the spirit of glory and of God resteth upon you. On their part, he is evil spoken of, but on your part, he is glorified. I say tonight, Lord, help us to give you praise. You're holding us. You're keeping us. You're everything to me. You say, "Brother Paul, you don't understand the trial I'm going through." You're right. Paul doesn't, but my Lord Jesus does. Amen. And we give him praise so that when this is revealed, we will also be glad with exceeding joy. Amen. I want to say thank you, Lord. Amen. That you're so good to me. Sister Vikica, will you come, please? Hallelujah. Our musicians, I thank the Lord for our musicians. Amen. It's just so wonderful. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's just stand. I'd like to sing this song as I was studying and stuff as higher ground. 543. Amen. I trust there'd be just a little something maybe if nothing else it stir up your pure mind and remembrance that we're here to give praise and glory and honor to the Lord. Amen. We're not here to talk about how downtrodden and how this has went wrong. Amen. Lord's laid on my heart to to start in South Africa in a certain fashion. And this kind of a little bit connects into that. My brother and sister, God doesn't want us standing here tonight reasoning why it's not going the way we thought it would. reasoning why we thought God meant this. Reasoning why it should be like this. God wants us just to believe his word, take his word, stand on his word, and watch his word come to pass. Oh [Music] my, I'm press the upward way. New high time gameing every day playing as I'm onward bound. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's table land a higher plane than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. My heart has no desire to stay. Where doubts arise and fears dismay. Though some may dwell, where these abound, my prayer, my aim is higher ground. me up and let me stand by faith on hand sable land a higher blade than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. I want to live above this world. Though Satan's dogs at me are heard, for faith has called the joyful sound. The song of saints on higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on hand than save a land a higher plain than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. I want to scale the utmost high and catch a gleam of glory bright. But still I'll pray till heaven I found. Lord lead me onto higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand my faith on heaven and save a land. A higher plane than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Lord, lift me up. Lord, lift me up. up and let me stand by faith on heaven and save a land a higher place than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. sing. I've got so much to thank him for and I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. When I look around and see the good things he's done for me, I know I'm unworthy of them [Music] all. But his blessings he freely gives. I owe my whole life to him. I've got so much to thank him for. And I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. Sometimes while on life's way I kneel and I stop and say, "Thank you, Lord, for all you've done for me." And one day I'll reach heaven's shore. Oh, please let me kneel once more. for. I've got so much to thank him for. And I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. One more time. And I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. We've got the power in the name of [Music] Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan rages, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Give me your hand. Let's agree together that all of our eneies will crumble at our feet. Whatever we bind on earth shall be bound in heaven at the name of Jesus. Satan has to flee for we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though saints and ragees, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. For many years now, Satan's tried to stop us. But the bride of Jesus, Lord, we're still alive. Like a mighty army, we keep maring onward, fighting every battle, cuz the Lord's on our side. Oh, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan rages, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. One more time. I've got the power. I've got the power in the name of Jesus. I've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan rages, I cannot be defeated. For I've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan rages, though Satan rages, I cannot be defeated. I've got the power in the name of the Lord. Amen. God bless you saints. You're dismissed. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
