################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-07 - January 7, 2026 - Bro. Paul Haylett - All Things Are Finished Now - Paul Haylett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-07
Title:    January 7, 2026 - Bro. Paul Haylett - "All Things Are Finished Now"
Speaker:  Paul Haylett
Church:   Grace Tabernacle Nampa
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 32m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbqEEe0MStY
========================================

Description:
Grace Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
God bless you this evening, man. Good to be here. Hallelujah. Just talking to brother Paul and I uh was driving to work this morning and just singing, praising the Lord and uh I had a whole list of songs that was perfect for service tonight. I remembered two of them. So, he had a different plan. Amen. Got to trust in that, right? Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh I want to sing Springs Living Water. Number 645. Sorry. I thirsted in the barren land of sin and shame and nothing satisfying there I found. But to the blessed cross of Christ, one day I came where springs of living water did abound. I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Happy now am I. My soul they satisfy. I'm looking at the springs of living water. Wonderful and bountiful supply. How sweet the living water from the hills of God. It makes me glad and happy all the way. Now, now glory, grace, and blessing mark the path I've tried. I'm shouting hallelujah every day. I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Happy now am I, my soul, they satisfy. I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Oh, wonderful and bountiful supply. Oh sinner, won't you come today to Calvary? A fountain there is flowing deep and wide. The Savior now invites you to the water free where thirsting spirits can be satisfied. I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Happy now am I. My soul they satisfy. I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Oh, wonderful and bountiful supply. I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Happy now am I. My soul they satisfied. I'm drinking at the springs of living water. a wonderful and bountiful supply. Amen. Amen. Number 637, leaning on the everlasting arms. Yeah. Oh, can can you put more guitar in that mix? What? What a fellowship. What a joy divine leaning on the everlasting own. What a blessedness, what a peace is mine. Leaning on the everlasting arm, leaning, leaning, safe and secure from all along. Leaning, I'm leaning, leaning on the everlasting arm. Oh, how sweet to walk in this pilgrim way, leaning on the everlasting arm. Oh, how bright the path grows from day to day. Leaning on the everlasting arm. Leaning, leaning, safe and secure from all along. Leaning, leaning, leaning on the everlasting arm. What have I to dread? What had I to fear? Leaning on the everlasting arm. I have blessed peace with my Lord so dear. Leaning on the everlasting arm. I'm leaning leaning safe and secure from all along. Leaning, leaning, leaning on the everlasting arm. I'm leaning, leaning, safe and secure from all along. Leaning, leaning, leaning on the everlasting own. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Let's just stand like of course give thanks. 195. Yeah. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say, "I am rich." Because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say, "I am rich." Because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. Weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. Amen. Amen. Because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. And I don't have have one request written down here tonight for our sister Sue for prayer. Her back has been bothering her a lot. She's a lot of pain. Um also for brother Dan. He's got a procedure tomorrow. Lord, just be with him with that. I know there's many others out there. Um had a text for Elizabeth. Just continue to hold her up in prayer. She's been in a lot of pain in her back. Amen. Um, I know there was others, but don't remember them all. If you have something on your heart tonight, pray just lift your hand. Just bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, we've come here this evening, Lord Jesus, to give you praise, to give you worship, Lord, to hear from you this evening, Lord God, how we love you, Lord God. how our hearts are just overflowing, Lord, sometimes with the love of God. Lord Jesus, just pray tonight, Lord God, that you just find the songs and the worship pleasing unto you, Lord God. May you just be found amongst us this evening, Lord Jesus, amongst your saints, Lord. And as we come before you this evening, you've heard these requests, Lord Jesus. the few here, Lord, the lifted hands, whatever they might be, the different ones, Lord, God, anyone online tonight, whatever it might be, Lord Jesus, you know each life, you know each need, each circumstance, each each thing, Lord Jesus, and we we're committing them unto you this evening, Lord God, knowing what your word says about each and every one of them, Lord. Lord, we're thankful for you, Lord Jesus. And Lord, we pray for brother Paul as he'd come and bring the word this evening. Lord, may just speak to each heart and each need, whatever it might be. Lord, we dedicate this time and this service into your hands. We dedicate our lives into your hands. Lord Jesus, help us, Lord Jesus, each day to serve you better, to be a better reflection of Christ to this world, Lord. Lord, as we go through our days, Lord Jesus, just help us, Lord Jesus, to be mindful of you, Lord, and in every situation, Lord, committed to you and let you have the preeminence, Lord. Let you rule the situation. Just take this time, Lord Jesus. We dedicate it unto you. Be with each one tonight. Each request, Lord Jesus, that we've said, Lord, each one, we ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. Number 705. I haven't sang this in a while. I think we can all say that this evening. I pledge allegiance to the lamb. Amen. I've heard how Christians long ago were brought before a tyrant throne. They were told that he would spare their lives. They wouldn't renounce the name of Christ. But one by one they chose to die, the son of God. They would not be like a great angelic choir sings. I can almost hear their voicees ring. I pledge alance to the land. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alent to the lamb. Now the years have come and the years have gone, but the cause of Jesus still goes on. Now our time has come to count the cost, to reject this world, to embrace the cross. So one by one let us live our lives for the one who died to give us life till the trumpet sound on that final day. Let us proudly stand and boldly say, I pledge alions to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alce to the lamb to the lamb of God who bore my pain who took my place who wore my shame. I will see to honor his command. I pledge alce to the lamb. I pledge alance to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alance to the lamb. Amen. Amen. Number 217. Consume me. Come consume me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Consume me Lord and make me more like you. Break me low and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be you Lord by you. Consume me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Consume me low and make me more like you. Break me Lord and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be you Lord by you. Amen. So we ask our brother Paul to come number 186 pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you Lord God. pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Praying. Let everything thy pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you and everything that I do be pleasing to you. Praying that everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. One more time. pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Pray that everything I pursue pleasing oh Lord unto you. Could we just stand and just lift our hands for a moment and just praise the Lord? Just thank him in your own way from your heart. just speak those things that are precious to you tonight. And knowing that God has given great gifts to his bride, he's given himself, which is the greatest gift that could be given. Oh Lord, how we just give you praise tonight, Lord, that you've come. You've made us a people that we're not a people, but you have made us your people. Oh, how blessed we are, Lord. To know you in spirit and in truth. To know you, Father, as a personal savior, a personal healer, our bridegroom. Oh Lord, how beautiful it is, Father, that you would come and choose us as your people. We just lift our hearts to you tonight, saying thank you. Thank you, Lord, for your many blessings you've poured out. So many, Father, we can hardly number them. Sometimes we can hardly even remember, Father. We just see you moving in every little thing of our life. We say thank you tonight, Lord. Oh, how we bless your holy name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. I just uh was marveling how gracious the Lord is. I want to speak to you on the topic of all things are finished now. And uh just to see couple of the songs tonight. Uh actually more like three of them just touch along that line. and just really am thankful for what the Lord does for us. Because my brother and sister, we are here tonight. We are, you'd say, "But brother Paul, I'm still I'm still struggling. Still have things in my life." But let's look through God's lens tonight. And he says, "You are a finished work." Amen. And I think that we should rejoice in that. It shouldn't cause us to become lazy, complacent, or anything like that, but to rejoice that he says we are a finished work. Amen. And I I so appreciate that. Thank you, musicians. That was lovely tonight. Amen. All things are finished now. And this comes from a a quote that um as I was reading the other day, I come across a a quote. We'll touch on it here a little later. Let's turn in the book of Genesis 1. And uh we'll just look right here at the start of creation, how that we were placed there in that. And uh uh Genesis 1 and 24. Amen. So we're seeing this uh beautiful thing that we look at. And my brother and sister, we can look at this in creation. And I hope maybe catch a little bit from from my uh outlook of it uh here. And God said, "Let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind, cattle and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after his kind." And it was so. And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle after their kind, and everything that creepeth upon the earth after his kind. And God saw that it was good. And God said, "Let us make man in our image, after our likeness. Let him let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the fowl of the air, over the cattle, over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth." So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him. Male and female created he them. Amen. Lord, we just ask for your blessings upon the word tonight. Help us, Father, as we try to share this that's on our heart. Let it be a blessing. I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. Now, we can look at creation, my brother and sister. Uh uh we we have a clear picture of our place in creation. And we can look at creation and say, "Wow, God made the earth and all these creatures. He made man." But I really want to focus tonight on in his image. Amen. Now there is a difference my brother and sister here and we could recognize that and the fact that that God shared with us and says you know what I want to see all mankind saved. I want to see everyone saved. But knowing that not everyone would accept the word. He come and he absolutely laid out a plan that there would be a people so created in his image. It would come right down to the very depths of the spiritual man would be in his perfect image. And so you think about yourself and you know it's not really about how we see oursel but we need to see ourselves in his image. We need to see ourselves how that he looked down upon us and how he created us to be a believer. Now remember the influence of Satan in his in this age in his Eden here is so powerful that if it were not the scripture tells us so that if it were not that God would shorten the time and that if they could be deceived they would be but they can't be. Amen. So you look at that that being in the very image of God that means that everything about us is after his image. So we have his faith, we have his desire, we have his thoughts, we have all of this. And so we see that God creating uh um nature in in his image. We'll see that how much more so the sons and daughters of God have been created in the image of God. Amen. And uh we'll look at this in Ephesians the 2 chapter uh and uh verses 10-14. And now God is not speaking my brother and sister to all of creation here. He is speaking to a very chosen people, a very select group. And and while in the religious world today uh they might say that you know you have a high opinion of yourself, you might even be told that you are a little bit arrogant to think that you are above and beyond special to the Lord. But my brother and sister, you see it says here in verse 10, for we are his workmanship created in Christ Jesus into good works. So there is a people whose works are going to be according to creation. I'd like to tie that together if I can tonight. In creation, God created a people that would have good works. Amen. Which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them. A a Amen. in Christ. And so look at that, my brother and sister. As we'll look now, we'll see that this creation that God was creating at that time was not just to populate the earth, but he was giving a creation as a habitation for sons and daughters of God that would be created in Christ Jesus in good works. Amen. So it's there that God is giving the opportunity and uh we have to understand you know the realm of free moral agency and look at that that God's not forcing anyone whether we are young or old God will not force you to serve him but he will make it where you will desire to serve him. He he has a way of bringing us to that place. And he says, "Wherefore remember that ye being in time past Gentiles in the flesh, who are called uncircumcised by that which is called circumcision in the flesh made by hands, that at that time ye were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, strangers from the covenant of promise, having no hope, without God in the world. But now in Christ Jesus. See, this is a creation still unfolding. God didn't come along and say, "Oh, here's a people. I think I'll just go save them." But you see, we were already in him, created in him. So now, if you want to put it like this, a little awkward to say it this way, but this is the evolution of the gospel because God knew that at a certain time or place that his creation would be manifested. And so it's there not by accident. We didn't just somehow just skip the Philadelphiaian church age or Ephesus, but we were called to this day. And God had that in the plan from the very beginning. So we were sometimes a far off. Amen. But we've been made nigh by the blood of Christ. For he's our peace who hath made both one and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us. So we see that we were without God. Amen. Coming along and as creation was unfolding, being made in this image, it starts to unfold where we being created to serve him, created to love him, created to follow him. Amen. That in that realm, it come forth. Amen. Just as our uh young children here in the church, we could not ask them to go tomorrow and and uh drive the car. I imagine they would love to but uh you can't uh you know ask more of them of the season but in the season God brings about a desire and in the season they are a reflection of the very creation that God created them and that's why we see the difference where some might come and desire to be baptized as young children six or seven years old some it takes time they'll be maybe in their 20s and and that before that fully comes to a revelation to them. But the reality of it is is at the time that God appointed, they will come forth because God created them to come forth in that season. Now, you can look at this, my brother and sister, in a real technical form, but I believe sometimes we should just keep things in simplicity to know that if God has called us, our season of manifestation will come and it will be in God's season, not man's season. And so I I kind of titled or or put a label there that this is a transitional scripture because as we'll look at this, it says that he's our peace who have made uh ma been who hath made both one and have broken down the middle wall of partition between us. So we'll look at this position of mankind how it comes down. But look how much greater as the bride of Jesus Christ our position in Jesus Christ is. We are not just a part of creation out here to acknowledge there is a God. But as we'll go along here, I hope that it becomes very plain. Now in the sermon, what shall I do with Jesus called Christ? Brother Brandham says, notice God's daughter, the church, the bride, is also a product of God and his word uniting the Holy Spirit uniting in a body of flesh. It produced a son of God, a product of righteousness of God. And in the last day, we're told, as it was in the days of Sodom, the bride will be united by the word of God made manifest in the flesh, the Holy Spirit sealing them unto God, sealing unbelief out on the outside. So, we're now seeing this this this maturing of of the of the creation. It's coming forth that now it's coming to a place that it's being united. It wasn't always united according to the scripture, but it's being brought into a united state. And God comes and he says, "You know what? I'm not I'm not here. I'm not afraid of what's going to happen in the life of my bride. I'm I'm not God's not running around in fear that you're going to be lost. He's not fretting every day that you're going to just give up and walk away." But he knows what his word is doing. And so now it is coming forth in a manifestation in the flesh. And we're sitting here tonight and we can say this word has come to pass. This word of God is sitting right here tonight fulfilled. And that Holy Spirit is sealing them into God. So we're not sealed into fear. We're not sealed into anxieties or depressions, but we're sealed into God. We're sealed by the Holy Spirit, which is that part of God coming down. And so it's him coming and doing the very work that we long for, the very thing that we cry for to be sealed with the Holy Ghost. He's coming down. He's doing that. It's not left to another discretion. It's not left to uh something that would be accidental or incidental, but it is God himself coming. And so he's there sealing unbelief out. Now, that doesn't mean that Satan won't come. Remember, the prophet of God said that it would be like the bird flying over. Now my brother and sister, you can't stop the bird from flying over, but you can stop him from building a nest. Amen. And so we'll look in this age that while we would one day in service, in prayer, in whatever it might be, just feel like we're on top of the world, but then circumstance will come and we will we will find ourselves in a battle. Amen. And the prophet of God talking about battles. You know, everything that we will gain as sons and daughters of God must actually be brought through warfare, through a battle. We are more than conquerors. That's not just a phrase, my brother and sister, but that's what God is doing through his bride. We shouldn't lament. We shouldn't cry about the trials that we have. We should look for God in the trial. And in the midst of that trial, we will see God if we look for him. Amen. Because he's always present. Amen. And so we'll look at this now when it says here, Brother Brown puts it that way, sealing unbelief out on the outside. Now, we'll have doubts. We'll have fears. There'll be things that will be spoken. There'll be little things that are planted here and there, my brother and sister. But when you see unbelief in a believer, it is a temporary warfare that he is having with Satan because the Holy Spirit will seal that unbelief out and you will overcome it. Every question that there is. Amen. And brother Brandham goes on to say, as I said, if the life of Behovven was in you, you would live like Behovven. If the life of Hitler was in you, you would live like Hitler. And when the life of Christ is in you, you'll live like Christ. This is the manifestation of those who were created in his image in the spiritual realm. Amen. Created to be those believers to possess the word, to speak the word, to live the word. So when we would see that Christ is here, my brother and sister, we will live like Christ because we are Christ. Amen. We are of his very DNA. And it's a wonderful world we live in. We were just visiting about that the other day. How DNA, you can figure out relatives, you can figure out that they solve crimes with it and all these things. My brother and sister, let's bring that over into the house of God. Who are we? Amen. We shouldn't even have a question of who we are. We can trace it right back and it's proven to be 100% accurate. Amen. It's not a guess or a hope, but it is the life of Christ manifested through his manifested bride. Amen. And so you look at that. Amen. We'll live like Christ. And you say, "But I I don't always live like Christ." Look at it from God's view. Look at it from where God's looking at it. Don't look at it from the way the devil's looking at it. You need to focus on the word. Amen. And that'll be if Christ lived today, he would do exactly what the word said he would do today. And the word said he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Why can't this blind ecclesiastical world see the time that they're living in? See? Amen. Now, think about this. I want to go back, catch this paragraph for just a moment. H. If Christ lived today, he would do exactly what the word said he would do today. My brother and sister, do you realize that the very word that would be giving direction if Jesus Christ was here is the very exact word that's giving direction to you and I? Amen. He wouldn't have a word for himself and a different word for you. But he's got one word. Amen. He doesn't have two interpretations or three interpretations. He has one. And the prophet of God showed us very clearly that Christ interprets his own word. So as it is, we are here. Amen. If the Lord Jesus walked in this church tonight, my brother and sister, he would hold to the very same word that he is giving to you and I to be overcomers in this hour. And he overcome in that day. Amen. And so it's guaranteeing as he come in this day, he would be an overcomer. And because we are of him, we are overcomers also. Amen. We don't always feel like it, do we? Sometimes things come as circumstances, but I tell you, it's the truth. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, I would say, Lord, grant us the faith to take a hold of this. &gt;&gt; We're not we're not given a lesser power. We're not given a a lesser word or lesser authority. Amen. I want you to just ponder this for a moment. When the word says that whatever we bind on earth will be bound in heaven and whatever we loose on earth will be loosed in heaven. Do you realize my brother and sister that's not even you speaking the words that bind, it's not you speaking the words that loose, but it's Christ speaking through you. So it's not us in our ability binding. So if you got a situation and and you say, "I want to bind this in the name of Jesus Christ." My brother and sister, you got to remember, don't let Satan get in your mind. It's not you that's doing the binding. It's Christ in you. You the word speaking says I bind this spirit or I loose my brother or sister from their circumstance that they could be blessed of God. It's not you speaking it. It's not you doing it, but it's the very manifest life of Christ in you. &gt;&gt; Amen. So sometimes we get to thinking, you know, oh, oh, you know, I I how could I tell you as a minister and there's a pattern? I I started to recognize it, you know, that when Satan just comes and really hammers on me, I find that it's that day or the next, my phone will ring and there'll be someone in need. Amen. And Satan recognizes a circumstance and he's trying to come to where we won't even have faith ourself or confidence oursel to pray to bind a spirit to loose a spirit cuz he wants to beat on us first. So we can't offer anything to our brother or sister. But you got to remember even if Satan does beat on you, it's not you. Amen. We are fulfilling the word. We're speaking the word and it's Christ in us that is fulfilling that word and bringing it to pass. Amen. I'm telling you, if we had to rely on our own ability to loose or to bind, we would be in trouble. But when we recognize it's actually Christ in us and Satan is coming up and saying, you know what, I'm going to bind them so they won't have the confidence. They won't be able to speak out to do this. But when you stop and say, "Wait, I could never bind that spirit anyway. It's my petition to my father, to my bridegroom, and he's doing the binding. All I've got to do is open my mouth. All I've got to do is speak the word, and God will take care of it from there." Amen. Amen. Now, I want to take another look at this finished product to carry this forward in the quote in the faith. Amen. There's a lot more here, but I realize tonight we just we can't spend all night. Amen. Now, there's no one can heal. Healing is a finished product of God. &gt;&gt; So, we're not looking out here trying to find enough faith &gt;&gt; to bring healing. What we've got to do is actually enter into the promise that's already given and say it's not me anyhow, but I I have to submit everything that is me. All that I am, I have to submit that and I got to give it to God. Amen. I can't I can't hold on to my own interpretation, my own feeling, my own doubt, my own fear, my own ability, whatever. I can't hold on to that and expect God to move. But when we'll come and realize that healing is a finished product of God, what we've got to do is bring our pla self to a place that we have full acceptance. &gt;&gt; Amen. That this is a full acceptance that we have as submitting ourself. Actually, you know, it seems counterintuitive of our our natural self to say, you know what, Lord, I'm submitting myself to be healed. &gt;&gt; I'm not trying to fight for my healing. I'm not trying to wrestle the devil for my healing. Actually, it comes down to I am submitting myself that you can heal this body because this body is your body and I'm yielding this body that you can do what you want with this body. Amen. But boy, I tell you, it can be hard sometimes. Amen. There's no one can heal. Healing is a finished product of God. If any man tells you that he can heal you, if he's a doctor and can tell you he can heal you, he's wrong. There is only one healer, that's God. And a doctor can give medicine. And brother Brandham goes on, I just pulled that out because I love that fact that healing is a finished product. In other words, I'm not going to produce healing. You're not going to produce healing. We're going to accept our healing that is already been manifested for you and I. Amen. So it's not a matter of what we can do other than acceptance &gt;&gt; to say Lord I give this body to you. Heal it if you want to heal it. Take it if you want to take it. Whatever you want to do with it Lord I give it to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now you see in Jeremiah 8:22. Now we look there. It says is there no balm in Gilead. Is there no physician there? Why then is not the health of the daughter of my people recovered? Now look at this my brother and sister. How sometimes that in the struggle of life in in issues with our health that it just seems like sometimes nothing goes right. And we would wonder, Lord, where is your healing? Of course, we've already read where the prophet said, "It's a finished. It's a finished work." Amen. It's it's done. Where is the physician? Why is there sickness amongst the people? My brother and sister, there is balm in Gilead. &gt;&gt; God is present. It's in the time of trouble, the time of distress. This is a human thing. Uh it's it's we should understand it because we're all humans as far as I know here tonight. But when life is too easy, we go into slack mode. We we we go easy with it. We wonder why we have trials and troubles and we're distressed on every side is because like an army that's in a territory where the enem is at, they must be diligent. They must be prepared. And God allows trouble to come our way. He uses these circumstances so that we don't become fat, doy Christians. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm not talking about in the physical element. I'm talking spiritually. We can sit around and say, "Oh, God's blessed me so much. God's blessed me so much." Until we don't look for nothing. We don't do nothing. We are not ready for anything. We are just sitting around almost boasting about what God's already done for us. But God wants an army that's ready to fight. Amen. He wants a people. And so, you have to actually to be ready for these battles, we have to face an enemy. We have to have something that we are are are ready and coming to the Lord constantly, you might say, to be prepared that we would be asking him for strength and for faith and for wisdom, for leadership, all of these things. He wants us to be in that position. Amen. That is not the kind of army that lays around. This is a kind of army that's up and ready for the battle. Amen. Ready to respond to the enemy coming on the scene. And I would say that no matter how uh we have been hurt, how we hurt, how deep the wound is, whether it's physically, emotionally, spiritually, amen, there is a balm in Gilead. There's an an ointment in the word that is here to bring healing and bring relief to us. It doesn't matter what we have faced, but there is balm in Gilead, my brother and sister. And the Holy Spirit will come and move in our midst if we're seeking him. If we're longing for a healing, amen, it's not just a physical body. If we're longing for a spiritual healing, an emotional healing, amen, physical healing also. There is a bomb. This relief that comes. Amen. We don't have to sit here and say, "I hope he will come." He's here. &gt;&gt; Amen. The prophet of God speaking to us. Amen. And he is there in the seals and talking about that. And you know, my brother and sister people, you would think it would be obvious to them, but the prophet of God then says a pause there and says, "He is here." Amen. Our bomb is here. Our physician is here tonight. We're not hoping he come. We can SAY TONIGHT, I KNOW THAT MY PHYSICIAN is here. And he's not just a physician. He's a great physician. Amen. He's the one that can take every need that we have, every circumstance we have. Amen. And he can set it right, set it in order. Amen. I say once again, the great physician is here tonight. And we should not sit here tonight with anxiety, doubt, or fear. We need to give a complete surrender to that and say, Lord, hey, this body is the body you give me to dwell in. It's really not even who I am, but I'm here to give it back to you, Lord, that whatever you choose to do with it. &gt;&gt; Oh, my brother and sister, it's so hard for us sometimes to let go. But God's looking for a people that are going to just let go. As the song says, let go and let God. Amen. It's not what we can do. It's what we will surrender ourself for him to do in us. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, the prophet of God says in the message, the token, and this might be one of your shorter Wednesday night services. I don't know. This is just what was on my heart. In the token, he says, "Listen close while I make this closing remarks." If Satan tries to hand you some of this stuff like sickness, you know what to do. Just show him the token. &gt;&gt; That's right. Exactly. &gt;&gt; See how important the token is to the bride of Christ. It's not just a catchphrase or or some kind of of something that the message has produced. But the token is so powerful. Amen. That when we can come and actually literally possess the token, my brother and sister, it is a powerful tool for the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. So he says here, now you know what you do. Just show him the token. Now my brother and sister, this will be a little straightforward. I hope it doesn't offend anybody. This is not the same as people who are living any old way and then coming and showing us telling the devil, I I got a message book. I believe the message. Leave me alone. That's not the token. &gt;&gt; Christ himself is the token. He's the seal. Amen. That's what we're looking for. Not just words. Man can say anything he wants to say, but God's looking for a life. He's looking for a trust that we would give that will fully bring us into submission to the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Just show him the token. I am a purchased product. Now, this quote right here is what caught my attention on this whole thing. You know, we're just products. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Think about this. We're just products. Amen. I don't mean that lightly. I don't mean to make light of that. But you see what it is is without God creating us in the beginning with the ability to believe, we could never make ourselves believe. &gt;&gt; But when he spoke our name before the foundation of the world, he sent forth that spirit with that. Amen. As it would be that he spoke the names and he sent them out into time. Amen. My brother and sister, you look at this also actually into eternity. Amen. We just eclipse time until we step into eternity. But it's there. That word in us, that creative word created you as a believer before the foundation of the world. You could not be anything else. The prophet of God put it this way. He said, "If you weren't in him, then you won't be in him now." &gt;&gt; Amen. So, it's not like we can put oursel into this. Right? &gt;&gt; And this is how we see people that agree with every drop of the message. But there's no life. There's no fire. There's nothing there to take them in to be not judgmental, but to just clench it to that. There's no token. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That's exactly right. Imagine in Egypt, God speaks to Moses and tells them, "You know what? They've got to uh they've got to uh kill the lamb, put the blood over the the lentil, the doorpost." And I imagine, I'm sorry, just I have a vivid imagination. Imagine somebody would say, "You know, I don't really understand how it will work, but having lamb tonight does sound good." So wife, cook a lamb. My brother and sister, that wouldn't do it. &gt;&gt; It had to be a revelation to them that this blood was going to seal, Amen. the token of my home and it will keep my wife and my children, especially my eldest, shall keep them safe. &gt;&gt; And that revelation took him out there. And that would be a daddy that stood there with a hissup in the blood on the door and explained it to his son. The token is going to seal us, son. In the day that we're living, in this day of evil spirits, in this day that death is at the doorstep, this token is going to seal Satan outside AND SEAL THE BLOOD OF JESUS CHRIST INSIDE. This is our salvation. Amen. &gt;&gt; And there would be a young man that would grow off that being anchored in his mind. And then, my brother and sister, you see, God didn't allow the windows to be sealed so tight. And they could see the wailing and hear the wailing and the nashing of teeth and the cries and maybe the whoosh of the death angel going down the street. And my brother and sister, if we have ears to hear today, we're hearing the size and the cry and we're hearing that and the death angel is going whoosh down the street and we see it all around us. Oh God, help us to seal our house. Amen. To seal our lives, to seal ourselves completely into the word &gt;&gt; because explaining that you believe God sent a prophet to the devil won't impress him at all. In fact, the prophet of God told us he knows this word better than we do. So that he would say, "So what? So what? So what?" But when you have got the token, Amen. What would he say? You know what you do? Just show him the token. It's not words, my brother and sister. IT'S THE LIFE THAT'S ON DISPLAY. SHOWS THAT THIS LIFE HAS BEEN SEALED by the blood of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. And then Satan knows he cannot touch that. &gt;&gt; My healing's been paid for. I let me back up. I am We ought to say that together. Is that okay? Can we say it together? I am a purchase product. Amen. To know that, &gt;&gt; to realize that it's not just lip service to a message cuz this is seems better than everything else. This is what God has given. My healing's been paid for. I'm a product of God because I have the token of the Holy Ghost. You cannot keep me off this highway. Amen. We ought to repeat that together. You cannot keep me off of this highway, Satan. Amen. You might cause me to stumble. You might cause me to get detourred or turned around a little bit, but you won't keep me off of this highway. &gt;&gt; You cannot keep me from my health. I present the token and I show you that my by his stripes I was healed. Here is the resurrection of Jesus Christ right &gt;&gt; in me. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, right. Amen. &gt;&gt; We're not trying to labor to get to that. We're not trying to earn that. We're not trying to find that as some kind of a concept or find an anchor for it and scripture to explain it all. My my brother and sister, how can you explain that the literal life of Jesus Christ is living in you? &gt;&gt; People would say, "I believe the same thing. I believe the same thing. I believe the same thing." But my brother and sister, it's the life that is the evidence. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Write in me now to prove it to you. Oh, there is the real thing. &gt;&gt; There is the token. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I say tonight, Lord, help us. Amen. If we've left even one little portion of that undone, help us, Lord, to get this completely sealed with the token with the blood of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Is it okay to be excited tonight? &gt;&gt; Now, I'm going to jump off course just a tad bit here. Uh if you're not familiar with it, you could open your Bibles to Romans 1, but Romans 1 is a clear picture of the spirits and the conditions of this age. Yeah, it lays it out so clearly. I don't know how anyone could miss it. I don't know how there could be an argument amongst some of these denominations about whether these things are acceptable, whether people are Christians or not. Obviously, they've ripped Romans out of their Bible. &gt;&gt; They have totally ignored it because it is so cut and dried plain. But as we're looking at this, we see the conditions of this age. And one way to look at this is God through the word has said, "I've left an imprint of myself on them." That is on the unbeliever. Now, it doesn't appear that there's an imprint there, but if you'll be patient with me, I'll I'll take you through this. God's left an imprint from his word on them. Amen. And he didn't always do it through the preaching of the word. He did it through nature. And the word says that they would do things that would be unseeming. So men with men, women with women, nature will not support that. So right before them is nature. God has imprinted nature there. And so what what this scripture, if I could just loosely interpret it, not not just playing with it, but just to loosely put it, they know no matter what spirits on them, &gt;&gt; that imprint has left them that this is not right. &gt;&gt; But you see, there's not enough of anything in them. The scripture says that they give themselves over. Now, if you've caught it already, that's wonderful. But we're talking about surrendering into our healing, surrendering into our ceiling. You see, we're giving ourselves over. This is the counter type to the bride of Christ completely giving herself over to the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Now the counter type of this we see in Romans 1 that they are there completely giving themselves over. Amen. Now I'm telling you every one of us that gives oursel completely over to Jesus Christ submitting to the Holy Ghost there are little things. We've been taught things in a in previous church and previous teaching and just all these things that Satan would put out little doubts. But when we give ourselves completely over, the Holy Spirit takes us up and over all of those challenges and leads us right into the token. Now, my brother and sister, here is this counter type. Sorry to bring it up, but we needed to preach the truth. Amen. This is there. And they know that those things are not right there. But they give themselves over to that spirit. Amen. That means there was a willingness in there to do that. They didn't just accidentally find themselves there, but there's a willingness to give themselves over to that. And we see this dividing that's coming in the day. And so God has left his imprint on them regardless of what they choose to do. See, because as I already spoke, nature will show them what is right and wrong. Amen. And the prophet of God, he used nature to show the very aspect or very uh um well, let me just make it simple. He used nature to show the nature of God. &gt;&gt; And so, we'll see how that while nature leaves an imprint on you and I because we're seeing God in his in his creation, we're seeing God in his universe, as it would be, my brother and sister, that imprint is left over on the other side to judge them. Now my brother and sister, how much more should this imprint of the Holy Spirit be upon you and I? Amen. It should be so manifest upon the believer that we would recognize that just about everything I'm doing, every every uncction that I have is God imprinting this upon me. You might call it anointing, you might call it leadership, you might call it many things, but it's God putting an imprint on us that we can see who we are. And my brother and sister, let's face it, sometimes yielding to the word can be difficult. &gt;&gt; We're bringing this flesh &gt;&gt; into subjection. &gt;&gt; There are writers there in the time coming up in the dark ages that wrote things such as the nature of man is a beast without subjection. And so you look at that and realize just how blessed we are that God's anointed us in this hour that we could literally come and by the uncction and the moving of the Holy Spirit, we can come and say, "Yes, Lord. Yes, we can come and just yield ourselves into the things of God." My brother and sister, I'm not preaching about the rights and wrong. I'm talking about what God's done for you tonight. And sometimes we don't even recognize the depth of what he's done. We don't realize the breadth of what he's done, the blessing of what he has done for us that he's put this yearning, put a desire, put a longing, put a action in us that we could step out and something inside of us says I believe that word. But it takes more than something saying I believe that word. It takes another action to bring an action to cause us to step out and take a hold of that word and start walking with the word. You might stumble. You might stumble and fall. You might stumble and get mud on your face. You might do all of that. But there's something inside of us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Can someone say, "Thank you, Lord." There's something inside of us that we get up and say, "I can't quit. I can't stop. I have to fulfill my calling, and I recognize my calling." Maybe the man or sister or brother down the pew might not see it as clearly as you, but God's given you that imprint to know this is what God called me to do. Amen. I'm telling you, my brother and sister, God is moving so strongly. And Amen. As fast as this has gone tonight, I wished I wouldn't have taken those other couple quotes out. Amen. But look at this, my brother and sister. How much more God has given to the believer when he said, "I made you in my image." That's right. Not just natural human creation, but he's talking about that soul he placed on the inside. That soul is a mirror of my soul. Amen. You are a mirror of who I am. &gt;&gt; And it's manifesting out in a bride. Look, I'm telling you, my brother and sister, in the day we live in, we have to be getting close to Sodom and Gomorrah again. We have to be all the things, wars, rumors of wars, all these things that's happening. My brother and sister, are we could we not check off the boxes? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. I don't think that's a wise thing to do because then we start to interpret what we're doing. But literally, I I think that we could start checking off boxes. There can't be too much scripture left to be fulfilled. Prophet of God said, "We should we should have been ready already." He says this, I believe it was 1964 or five, we should have been ready already. Look how patient God is. It's coming that not one of this creation could be lost. &gt;&gt; That each one must receive the word because it can't return void. And I believe it's not returning void. I believe there's a people on the earth today that are absorbing that word. They're living that word. That word is giving guidance to them. It is their very life. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you tonight. Amen. You know, we we look at this and I don't want to dwell too much on Romans 1, but you look at that, my brother and sister, and that's the world we live in. But we don't want to focus on that scripture. We want to focus, Amen. that there is a bride. Revelations 19. Amen. There's a bride that is being called. She's being clothed. And she's not just being clothed, but she's being clothed in righteousness. And as we already touched on it just briefly right there, that righteousness is the very nature or manifestation of God coming and being manifested out. And he didn't keep it to himself, but he has sent it out into his bride that she is coming because she must be in his very image. &gt;&gt; Isn't that beautiful? Amen. Maybe you don't get up in the morning and say, "Praise God. I feel like I'm in his image." But as long as you can stop, look in the word, you realize he's telling us again and again and again and again. Could I keep going and again and again and again that we are his very image. Amen. and Sister Ruth, would you come? Hallelujah. Yeah. Beautiful. As I studied out this little thought, there was more. But I think the Lord knows exactly everything's on time. Amen. just how we realize how important it is to realize that God didn't just grab randomly, but he spoke confidently of who he said has my image right down into the spiritual mankind. in in ages, you might say, gone by, they thought that maybe men and women in Africa or Asia or something were somehow built differently. You know, they had all kinds of crazy ideas and then time proved that we are all the same. Maybe different color, different language, etc. Now you look at this my brother and sister. We don't want to fall in the opposite side of that trap and think spiritually all are built just like we are. We have to realize how special we are in Jesus Christ. Amen. We were built to receive the word. Amen. Where others can't receive the word, there'll be something they'll come. It will be a a a stumbling stone. But God put it in you and I to believe this word. Created us in that very image. The word he spoke. We have that same genotype in us. And he says it and we say amen. &gt;&gt; And you know that when the word is in us and we speak, if we could only hear it, God would be on the other side saying amen. See how this relationship is there? It's not a one-sided relationship, but the bride of Jesus Christ speaks the word just like Esther spoke. Amen. &gt;&gt; The king had respect to Esther. &gt;&gt; He heard her. And when she spoke, she spoke with wisdom. And this bride is speaking with wisdom. Amen. Hallelujah. We stand and just sing a song or two. Amen. I believe God. I think that's number one in the song book, page one. Ah, listen. Believe God. I believe God. Ask what you will and it shall be done. Trust and obey. believe it and say, "I believe. I believe God." And if you want salvation now and the Holy Ghost and power, trust and obey. Believe it and say, "I believe. I believe God." Let's sing it again. Oh, I believe God. I believe God. Ask what you will and it shall be done. Oh, trust and obey. I believe it and say, "I believe. I believe God." And if you want salvation now and the Holy Ghost and power, just trust and obey. Believe it and say, "I believe. I believe God." Amen. Can we fulfill that song? It says, "Believe it and say, Amen. I believe God." Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. 776. This song struck me in the sense that if we can hold on to and believe that the word has been born in the manger of our heart &gt;&gt; without a doubt without even a flicker of any question how that will change our whole approach to life we can stand and say you know what seems like I'm in the middle of a battle attle right now, but he's been born in this manger. &gt;&gt; Amen. Satan can't take that away. &gt;&gt; Amen. You know how much Satan just wanted? He anointed Herod. I'm sorry. I don't mean to go off in the bushes, but he anointed Herod such that history shows the blood ran in the street from the babies cuz he so wanted to do away with the Christ. Horrible time. I I mean I I just get shivers to think about that. &gt;&gt; And Satan today &gt;&gt; in a different sense is killing right and left trying to make sure he can kill the bride of Jesus Christ. He wants to. It's a different kind of death. It's a spiritual death, but he's doing his best. He's just going cuz he doesn't know for sure who he is. But the word has been made real to us. And I say thank you, Lord. was a tiny simple stable all beaten and warm. Hardly a place for a king to be born. He didn't choose some place special to reveal his majesty. So I know if I'll give him control, he'll be born in me. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. Live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger of my home. Well, outwardly I'm nothing. Not much to behold. unlikely the place for his word to unfold. But if I'll just yield this vessel and let him have his way from glory unto glory. He'll change me day by day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. Live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. I always preachers preaching. I always try to look for inspiration for songs for &gt;&gt; more inspiration. &gt;&gt; I got I am a purchase product. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. I was thinking of the quote from expectation that I read about that that that woman said I'm remember in the Bible I'm a shun that Shounomite woman she knew who she was for that situation I am a purchased product who I am go Lord who I am &gt;&gt; oh glorious victory victory. That day he set me free and he made my heart. His very throne. My life is no longer mine. I'm a prisoner of love divine. And now I live to praise his name. Who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now who I am. A part of my savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. On Calvary, he died to redeem his lost bride. The king of kings became my savior. This is God's great mystery of love expressed to me that Christ and I might be made one. Who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now just who I am. Am a part of my savior, part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The other song that just came on my heart was uh He hideth my soul. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. A wonderful Savior is Jesus my Lord. A wonderful Savior to me. He hideth my soul in the cl of the rock where rivers of pleasure I seek. He hideth my soul in the cl of the rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love. and covers me there with his hand and covers me there with his hand. A wonderful Savior is Jesus my Lord. He taketh my burden away. He holdeth me up and I shall not be moved. He giveth me strength as my day. He hideth my soul in the cl of the rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand. And covers me there with his hand. With numberless blessings each moment he crowns and filled with his fullness divine. I sing in my rapture. Oh, gloryy to God for such a redeemer as mine. He hideth my soul in the cl of the rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand. and covers me there with his hand. When clothed in his brightness, transported I rise to meet him in clouds of the sky. His perfect salvation, his wonderful love. I'll shout with the millions on high. He hideth my soul in the cl of the rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand. and covers me there with his hand. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. He's hidden us in his love. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. God bless each one of you. Be with you throughout the rest of the week. You are dismissed.
