################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2015-11-01 - Putting Away Childish Things - Bro. Isaac Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle - Isaac Ovid - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2015-11-01
Title:   Putting Away Childish Things - Bro. Isaac Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle
Speaker: Isaac Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZjzZFZEICg
========================================

and set the captive free. Oh, now I have a river of life flowing out. Oh, spring up. Oh well. Oh, within my soul. Oh, spring up. Oh well, and make me whole. Oh, spring up and give to me and give to me. Oh, you're alive. Oh, one more time. Oh, I have a river. Well, I have a river of life flowing out of me. Oh, and it makes the cripples walk and a blind to see. Oh, and it opens prison doors and set the captive. Oh, I know I have a river of life flowing out. Well, spring up. Oh well. Oh, within my soul. Oh, spring up. Oh well. Oh, and oh spring up. Go out and give to me your life abundantly. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. And I think he draw me nearer near a bless to the cross where thou has died. Oh draw near. Oh, lift your hands and sing. Here I'm blessing all to theions leading side. Oh, draw me nearer. Oh, draw me. Oh, make it a prayer this morning. Near. Oh near. Blessed Lord. To the cross. To the cross where thou has died. Oh, draw me near. Oh, nearless to the graious leading side. One more time. Draw me nearer. Draw me near. Oh yes. Oh to the cross. Where has Oh, and oh near bless to the heing. Oh, give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. You may have your seats. Amen. We like to have you special this morning. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Feel free to enter in the spirit this morning. Amen. This is the Lord's day and we just want to worship and enter into our atmosphere this morning. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. And amen. [Music] Take me past the out of court to the holy place, past the brave altar. Lord, I want to see your face. [Music] Take me past the crowds of people. and the priest who sings their praise. Lord, I hunger and thirst for righteousness, but it's only found in one place. So take me to the holies of holies. [Music] Take me in by the blood of the lamb. Oh, take me to the holies of holies. Take the call. Cleanse my lips. Here I am. Hallelujah. Now in the outer court I'm justified and in the inner court I know that I'm clean. But in the Holy of Holies is the Holy Ghost itself, the mighty presence of Jehovah. And I, a prisoner of love. Oh, help me that you may rise in me. a capstone of love and take me in to the holy holy. Oh, take me in by the blood of the lamb. Oh, just enter in this morning and just take me. Lift your hands to the whole. Close your eyes of home. Oh, just walk with me this morning. Shake the coals. Go past the altar. Cleanse my lips. Oh, here I am. Oh, take me in. Take me to the whole place of holy. Oh, take me, oh, by the blood of the lamb. Oh, take me to the holies of holies. Oh, take the court, cleanse my lips. Here I am. Oh Lord, change the course, cleanse my lips. Here I am. Oh, take the course, cleanse my lips. Here I am. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, lift your hands now and worship him right now. Oh, open your mouth and praise him right now. Oh, give him glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Yes Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Oh Lord. Oh glory. [Applause] [Music] All power to you. All honor, all honor, all gloryy, all power to you. One more time. Oh Lord. Oh, lift your hands right now. Oh, glory. Oh, we feel your love. Oh, oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah to you. Holy Father, holy father, we worship you. We worship you, precious Jesus. Precious Jes. Oh, lift your hands and sing. My savior. Oh, Holy Spirit, we wait on you. We wait on you. One more time. Holy Spirit, we wait on you. We wait on you for fire. Oh, for fire. For fire. Oh, give him praise right now. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord Jesus. Praise the name of the Lord this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord Jesus. Oh, from the rising of the sun. From the rising of the sun. From the rising of the sun to the going down of the same. His name, his name is worthy to be praised. Praise the Lord all nations. Praise the Lord all people. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the evening. Praise him when the sun goes down. Praise him for all eternity. Praise him moon and stars. Praise him son of light. Praise him sons of the king. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise him with the sound of the trumpet. Praise him with a sultry heart. Praise him with timber and dance. Praise him with a loud voice. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise his name. Praise his name. Praise his name. Praise his name. Oh, hallelujah. Let that sound come down from heaven as a rushing mighty wind. Baptize souls into the kingdom. That's the power of the living God. That's the power of Jesus Christ. We believe in the power of God. We believe in the power of Jesus Christ. We believe that he can cast out devils this morning. We believe that he can heal the sick. We believe that God raises the dead. God is God this morning. I am that I am is here this morning. Fear not. It is high. Be not afraid. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank God for his presence. Thank God for his atmosphere. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Give him a shout of praise. His atmosphere is here. His angels are here. They're flopping through the building this morning. Believe. Believe. Oh, call on his name. You shall be delivered. You shall be sealed. You shall be set free. You shall be baptized with fire and the Holy Ghost. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, don't stop now. Don't stop now. His presence is here this morning. Oh, the word is getting ready to come forth. Fires in the building. Anything can happen this morning. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Lord. Oh all glory. Stay in the spirit this morning. All power. Amen. [Music] Oh, [Applause] [Music] all power to you. One more time. Oh, he's worthy this morning. [Applause] Oh, power to Can we give the Lord a hand of praise this morning? [Music] He's worthy to be praised. He's worthy of all the glory. He's worthy of all the honor. He's worthy of all the praise this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. My my my. What can we say? What can we say? You appreciate the worship service. You appreciate brother Anthony, the song service, the special this morning, the musicians, the worshippers. And I believe this morning the atmosphere is right for the miraculous to take place. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. [Music] Let's stay in the presence. Hallelujah. We have some notes of praise this morning. Not please from brother Mundus. Thanking God after prayers was offered last Sunday. He feels better. We thank God for that this morning. [Applause] from uh brother Leslie Batist thanking God for healing uh from pains in his stomach as a result of kidney stones. Doctor says you need a final ultrasound but thanking God in advance for complete healing. Amen. A note of praise from sister Ingred Williams thanking God for his grace and mercy as I start another year of my life today. Thank you brother and sister oid for your love, guidance and genuine support. My desire is to be humble and more committed, more sold out as God restores my joy, health, and a fervent desire to truly know him and serve him in spirit and in truth. May the Lord bless you. Amen. We do have one prayer request uh for brother Jason and sister Lily's baby who is in Mount Hope. Um the baby was delivered well, but baby is suffering from jaundice. So, we just want to remember uh the mother and the baby in prayer. And if there's any unwritten or unspoken requests this morning, you want to show by raise of hands, we want to take them to the throne of grace this morning. Shall we bow our heads for a word of prayer? Our gracious heavenly father, we are humbled to be in your presence, to feel your August being here, your shikina glory all over the house this morning, Lord, and we know it's the anointing that makes the difference, Father. And once you know it, you'll never be the same. Lord, this morning we come to bring this young baby, Lord, fresh from the presence of God. Lord, we want to bring that baby to you this morning that you would touch in the name of Jesus Christ. And Lord, may the recovery be immediate, Father. May that jaundice disappear and may your Holy Spirit cover that child and Lord bless the mother, Lord, in a special way. And for every Lord hand that was raised. May you touch your people this morning. Father, we are so blessed to be in your presence. We are so happy to be in your house this morning, Lord. As we approach your word this morning, may you bless the reading of your word. May you bless, Lord, the hearing of it. May you take me out of the way and speak to your people, Lord, in a way that has, Lord, not been done before. Use me as your microphone, as an instrument only, Lord, so that only your words can reach your people, Lord. May you bring deliverance to the captives. May you break the chains of the world, Father. Lord, those that are desiring the Holy Ghost, Father, as the message goes forth, may the Holy Ghost pour out in this place, pour out on the internet, pour out where the tape is played, oh God. May you break every chain. May you break every shackle, Lord. May today be a day we will never forget this first of November, Lord, of 2015, Lord. We are in the 11th month of this year, Lord. And Lord, the days are rapidly moving into a new season, Lord. Oh God, we want to be so dedicated. We want to be so consecrated. We want to be so set apart for service. Lord, may you bless each one. Lord, we want to remember Lord our pastor in prayer. Lord, just returned from India. May you give him strength in his body. May you anoint him even now from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet. May you give him a fresh charge. Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, we commit everyone into your hands in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, "Amen." You may be seated for a few minutes. Amen. Thank you, musicians. What an anointing. We do have a visitor this morning, uh, Crystal De Gaz. Welcome to the Headstone Tabernacle. Invited by Brother Jason Rajkumar. Happy to have you with us this morning. Amen. Well, what can we say? Amen. Amen. You know, I saw a quotation this week and it really blessed me because I said to my wife, this is my testimony. I saw someone write, I am a bunch of broken pieces held together by the grace of God. And that's my testimony. Is there anybody could identify with that? I'm a bunch of broken pieces only held together by the grace of almighty God. I couldn't keep myself. I couldn't hold myself. I'm and I'm not whole all by myself, but I'm broken pieces. But thank God for the potter. Thank God for the Lord who holds the whole thing together and allows us to be here in the house of God worshiping, praising. So if you see me one day and this piece is not here and this piece is is not here, I can't keep myself together. I'm depending on the Lord to bring the pieces together of my life. And what I love about God is that he as the potter whenever he sees the clay doing stuff that he doesn't like as he's shaping and molding, he likes to break it here and break it here and reshape it here and mold it this way and and take off this piece and take away this friend and take away this opportunity and and do this to it and change this because he has a picture in his mind of what you are supposed to look like. You can't see fully what you're supposed to look like, but he knows what you're supposed to look like. So all God wants is for us to have faith in the finished work that only he can do because he is the author and he is the finisher and he is the potter and we are the clay. The clay cannot tell the potter to do this and to do that. But the potter, he has full authority. Let me say that again. The potter has full authority to do what he wants with the clay. So let God mold this morning. Let him shape this morning. Let him make this morning and let him break this morning. Can the church say amen? Amen. Amen. Amen. So I have a inspiration this morning that I pray will be a blessing to you this morning. So without further hesitation, can we take our Bibles? We're going to read from one portion of scripture, one chapter. Actually, we're going to go to the New Testament to the book of 1 Corinthians chapter 13. 1 Corinthians chapter 13 to a scripture that many know and many read and but I want to pull something out of there this morning. Focus on something. 1 Corinthians chapter 13 and reading from verse one. Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels and have not charity, I have become a sounding brass or a tinkling symbol. And though I have the gift of prophecy and understand all mysteries and all knowledge, and though I have all faith so that I could move mountains, remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing. And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burnt, and have not charity, it profitth me nothing. Charity suffereth long and is kind. Charity envieth not. Charity vaunted not itself is not puffed up, dot not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinkketh no evil, rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in truth, beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeeth all things, endureth all things. Charity never faileth, but whether there be prophecies, they shall fail. Whether there be tongues, they shall cease. Whether there be knowledge, it shall vanish away. For we know in part, and we prophesy in part. But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away. Amen. When I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child. I thought as a child. But when I became a man, I put away childish things. For now we see through a glass darkly. But then face to face now I know in part. But then shall I know even as also I am known. And now abided faith, hope, charity, these three, but the greatest of these is charity. May the Lord add a blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated this morning. Amen. I have an unusual title this morning and you're going to have to bear with me, but it's going to come together for my title this morning, putting away childish things. Yes. My subject, sons coming into maturity and my inspiration, born sons, filled sons, placed sons. Hallelujah. My title again, putting away childish things. And we're reading one of the most well-known scriptures in the book of Corinthians. Many times you hear this scripture read in weddings. And for people who have no association with church, Corinthians or 1 Corinthians 13 is a scripture that they're all familiar with. They call it the love chapter and is used for a lot of weddings. But within that context, Paul slips something very powerful in that chapter. Amen. Now, in Acts chapter 18, I believe somewhere in Acts chapter 18, we find out that Paul started the church at Corenth. This is somewhere around 54 57 AD. And then he left and spent approximately 3 years in Ephesus. Biblical scholars believe that Paul's first letter to the Corinthians was written while he was at Ephesus. So Paul was not only anointed and inspired and had met the pillar of fire and was hearing from God, but he was now on a mission to deliver a message. And he was writing from a position of authority because he had already had experience moving around to different territories preaching the Lord Jesus Christ, preaching repentance, preaching the Holy Ghost. And he stops at this chapter and he begins to write. Amen. Amen. He's writing to the Corinthians and he's exhaling them something powerful, something profound. And he says, "Though I have this and I have that and I do this and I do that and I don't have charity, I'm nothing." Amen. And he is speaking not just to that time but for all generation that will come after. Do I have faith? Do I prophesy? Do I have knowledge? He say all of that must be measured against a standard that is called charity. In other words, you could have knowledge and don't have charity. You could have faith and don't have charity, but in all thy getting, get charity. But then he begins to go deeper in there and he begins to confront something powerful. He says, "When I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child. I thought as a child, but when I became a man, I put away childish things." Put away childish things. In other words, that putting away of childish things is not the responsibility of the pastor or the elder or the deacon. It is a result of becoming a man. And that causes you to put away childish things. Nobody is supposed to help you put away your childish things. And if Paul could preach this, I could preach this this morning. This is not the kind of gospel people like to hear. I told my wife, this is one of those not this church kind of services because we need to put away the childish things. If we are looking to have a mature church, if we are looking to have a church with individuals that come to maturity, that come to adoption, we can no longer be children, but we need to be mature. We need to be grown. We need to be responsible. We have been Christians for a long time, but we got a lot of babies in the message. We got a lot of children in the church. Can the church say amen? Amen. So, we going somewhere this morning. Don't worry. We're going to get somewhere this morning. You young people, we coming straight to your door this morning. Amen. Fathers, we coming straight to your house this morning. Mothers, we coming straight to the house this morning because there are certain behaviors we supposed to leave when we were children. But now that we profess that we are men and women, we should put away the childish things. You cannot be an adult and acting like a child. You cannot be an adult and talking like a child. You cannot be an adult and living like a child. There are certain things you cannot do anymore because you're supposed to be a man. You're supposed to be a woman of God. And if Paul could bring the church to that and says, "Listen, when that which is perfect has come, he tied perfection. He tied charity with becoming a man. We're becoming a mature son. We're become Oh, I don't think you hear me this morning. I don't think you're with me this morning." Hallelujah. You may be seated. From the message, Israel and the church. Amen. But said, "But we are we were ordained predestinated." You know what predestinate means? The destination of anything was pre-saw by God. Amen. He said that's not skim milk. Notice I believe that's stump. We we better go over there just a minute. Turn over with me to Ephesians the first chapter and read just a little cuz I'm afraid you're missing that. Just thinking I'm saying it. I'm not. Listen closely. We'll get down to the church in a few moments after a bit. Now Paul is speaking addressing Ephesians 1 directly straight to the shoulder to the church. That's what we are doing tonight. That's what we are doing today. This is not for babies. This is for grown-ups. Not for babies. You were predestinated unto adoption. And there ain't no devils in hell to stop it. Who's strong enough to stop it? This is not for babies. This is not for children. We are not here to be good church members. They are good church member babies. But we are talking about coming to maturity. We're talking about taking your position. We are talking about being responsible. And there ain't enough devils to stop it. If you want to remain a baby, I'm not going to stay a baby. When I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child. I fought as a child. But I'm declaring this morning, I'm a son of the king. I'm a man. And I'm putting away the childish things. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. You may be seated. The Holy Spirit anointed word is here. He's trying to get his church in order. I'm not trying to get the church in order. The Holy Ghost is pressing upon the church to get in order. He's trying to find some sons and daughters who will catch the vision and leave this world and everything in it. Can the church say amen? He's here today to give you a revelation to drive out your enemies, to drive out your childish things. Yeah, God. Somebody say amen. He's here to drive out the Philistines, men's ideas, men's interpretation, sickness, demon powers. I don't care what it is. He's here to drive them out. Can the church say amen? Uh, you're going to have your portion. You're going to have your inheritance. And no devil is going to stop it. Can the church say amen? Brother Brandon said little babies. He said I got a little one back there talking about his child. They had just learned to walk. He'd boom and fall down, get back up. And he thought he was doing something great. I was that way one day, but now I'm a man and I put away childish things. Now we have got to come to full doctrine. I like good old shouting meetings where we just clap our hands and shout and have a good time. have great powerful services and things. Dance on the bubble as it were. But wait, then when the showdown time come, you don't know where you're standing. Let's get back and find out. So this morning, we getting back to find out where we standing this morning. Are you with me this morning? So we're going to do some Bible study. Proverbs 22:15. Foolishness is bound in the heart of a child. That's right. Amen. But the rod of correction shall drive it far from him. Amen. We're back to the Bible this morning. Young people don't like these kinds of scriptures, but they're there for a purpose. But this is not just for the young people. This is for the child in all of us this morning because foolishness is bound in the heart of a child. A lot of people at 50 said there's a child in me. Well, we're here to deal with that child this morning because God wants mature sons because he wants to give some power and some authority to some sons where the child is no longer a child. But he has grown up. He's mature. He's been through the fire. He's been through the flood. He's been through hell. He's been through high water. He's been through all kind of stuff. But he overcame and he made it. And now he's a man. You may be seated. You see, becoming a man is a process. You don't become a man overnight. You don't become a man over one knit to the next. It takes time to become a man. It takes experiences to become a man. And God will drive you to all kind of experiences because he wants to force character inside of you. Somebody say amen. So foolishness, foolishness is in the heart of a child. That's right. With all the smiling and the laughing and the fun. That's why I tell parents all the time, I'm not a parent yet, but I tell them when you tolerate certain things as a child and find it's funny with your children, if you don't correct them, it's not going to be funny in 10 years, in 20 years, in 30 years, because you got to let them know what's right and what's wrong. So foolishness is bound wrapped up in the heart of a child, but it takes something to drive it away. If there's no rod of correction, it's not going to be driven away. You can talk it out. There's got to be somewhere to drive it. Can the church say amen? You may be seated. We old school this morning, but we going somewhere. Proverbs 29:15. The rod and reproof give wisdom, but a child left to himself bringeth his mother to shame. So God is not in the business of leaving children to themselves. self-discovery and self exploration and that's not what God is about. He says the rod and reproof give wisdom. So when you tell your child the right thing is going to bring a certain response. That's why God when Moses was saying oh gosh we come out here and and the Egyptians behind God smacked him and say why cry unto me speak and move forward. You have seen enough. You're not a baby anymore but it's time to possess what God says is your own. Can the church say amen? Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Back to the Bible this morning. Galatians 4:1. Amen. Now I say that the air, the person who's going to inherit the air, as long as he is a child, differereth nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all. So he is a son of the king. But he's no different from a servant as long as he's a child. Amen. He has the father's name. He lives in the father's house. He has servants around him. But he's just like a servant because he's too young to inherit. Amen. As long as he's a child, he differereth nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all, but is under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father. Even so we when we were children were in bondage under the elements of the world. So Paul is speaking spiritually now. As children, we were under the bondage of the world. But when the fullness of time was come, God sent forth his son made of a woman, made under the law, to redeem them that were under the law, that we might receive the adoption of sons. Not receive church, not receive a membership, but receive something, which is adoption of sons. Can the church say amen? Amen. Hallelujah. Hopefully this gets a to settle down some people this morning. Hallelujah. Ephesians 4:11. And he gave some apostles and some prophets and some evangelists and some pastors and teachers for the perfecting of the saints for the work of the ministry for the edifying of the body of Christ till we all come in the unity of the faith and the knowledge of the son of God unto a perfect man unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. And listen here now that we hence more forthought be no more children. And this is how we describe the children in the message tossed to and fro and carried about by every wind of doctrine. Hallelujah. By the slate of men and cunning craftiness whereby they lie in weight to deceive but speaking the truth in love may grow up into him in all things which is the head even Christ. So the whole purpose of the five-fold ministry is so that they are no more children. That every doctrine, every idea, every new inspiration, you move this way because you're too young to understand. But God is looking for mature sons who have been in the backside of the desert. Who knows that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Who knows that God is God all by himself. Can the church say amen? Thank you, Jesus. When I was a child, Amen. I spake as a child. I understood as a child. I thought as a child. But when I became a man, I put away childish things. You see children, you have to talk to them once, twice, three, four times. Don't do this. Do this. That's a child. Why is it we have adults, we got to say once, two, three time. And you say you're a man. Come on now, somebody help me preach. You have to tell children, don't talk to strangers. Why is it we got to tell big men, don't talk to that woman in the street. Don't talk to that coworker over there. She's out to get your soul. Children, learn. Don't talk to strangers. We got big men playing around with the world. Now we warming up in here this morning. When I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child. I thought as a child. But when I become a man, I put away childish things. How long will we be children? When we supposed to be mature, we're supposed to be grown up. Oh, you may be seated this morning. Can I dig a little deeper this morning? When you're a child, you have to tell the child, "Wake up. It's time to go to school. Wake up. Time to go to church. We got big people. You got to wake them up to get up in the morning. Wake them up to go to church. Wake them up to go to work. You 48. And somebody got to wake you up to go to work. When I was a child, I speak as a child. I thought as a child, I understood as a child. But when I become a man, I put away childish things. I say this morning, church, let's put away the childish things. You may be seated. You got to tell a child, "Go to bed early on Saturday because Sunday morning is service. Don't stay up too late because Sunday is the most important day of the week. We got adults with no revelation. And you tell me you're a man, you tell me you're a woman, it's time to put away childish things." Paul was speaking about himself. He said, "When I was a child, I put away childish things because I was operating a certain way. But now I've passed a manhood test. I've crossed the line. And I'm not going back to childish thinking. Nobody got to wake me up at service. Nobody got to tell me to worship. Nobody got to tell me my God is a good God. When I was a child, I wasn't sure about it. But now I'm a man. I'm going to worship God. I'm going to praise God." You may be seated. You young sisters playing the fool on social media with the boys in the world. You'll be lucky I don't call your name this morning. That's childish behavior. No revelation. You better grow up because we will call you out. The Bible said rebuke openly so you will fear. We will shake this house up because we're going to have a mature church. We're going to have a clean church. We're going to have a super church. This is not a church of babies. This is the house of God. Oh, you don't hear me this morning. When I was a child, I speak as a child. You may be seated. There's certain things you're not supposed to say. There certain words should never come out your mouth. Only children could get away with it. But if you say you a son of God, a man of God, you better clean up your words. You better clean up your vocabulary and begin to talk like a Christian, walk like a Christian, act like a Christian, live like a Christian. That's what the message is. That's what this gospel is. It's a life. is living a life as a real man, woman, daughter, or son of the living God. Somebody say, "Amen." Hallelujah. You got to tell the children, "Stop playing. Come and do your homework." You got to tell the children, "Make sure and get home on time." There a lot of stuff you got to tell children. When I was a child, I speak as a child. Understood as a child. As a child, you can't understand certain things. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. There was an experiment done in the United States and some parents cried because they spent a lot of time telling their children don't talk to strangers and don't go into strangers cars. And they did an experiment. They went to the parents first and say we asking your permission to try to entice your child into this car. Do you think you have trained your child well enough to not go with a stranger? And every one of those parents emphatically said, "Yes, we have taught our children to the best of our ability, and they're not going to go with any stranger." And these strangers came to the children with candy and lollipops and lollies and toy cars and pet dogs and baby kittens and little animals. And every single one of the children, it was like, "Do you want to play with a puppy?" "Yes, I want to play with a puppy." And they walked, everyone went away into the car. And the parents sat crying because they thought they had trained them well. But the reason is you can't tell a child at that age because as a child, your understanding is as a child. But when you become a man, your understanding is different. Your thinking is different. You may be seated. So how is it? We have people in the message for 20 years. 30 years. You're supposed to be mature. It takes a deep revelation to understand that 6 + 10 is 16 and 6 + 20 is 26 and 6 + 30 is 36. But adding time to a child doesn't make them a man. Hallelujah. So we have a crisis, brother Anthony. We have some some very oldlooking children. 36 going on seven. 46 going on seven, 56 going on seven because their understanding is like a child. Their words are like a child. There's no wisdom. There's no understanding. There's no faith. There's no backbone. There's no zeal about the Lord. Listen, I'm getting to something. And just like those little children who responded to the lollies and the puppies and the kittens, we have Christians. The moment there's a little amusement, there's a little toy, there's a little distraction, there's a raise of pay, there's something on the job, there's a friend on the corner, there's some amusement, some distraction. You forget everything you heard on Sunday when we tell you don't go with strangers and you allow yourself to be caught up by every wind of doctrine. But this morning, we are exposing every devil, every demon. Hallelujah. You may be seated. And we are bringing an adult booster shot. All right. To shock some of you adults into reality of what age you really are and what time we're really living in. You can't act like your son. For the fathers in here, you cannot act like your son. For the mothers, you cannot act like your daughter. You have to act your age to give an example of what a young woman should grow up to. And what can I preach a little bit? I know you didn't come to hear this this morning, but that's all right. When I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child. But when I become a man, I put away childish things. You may be seated this morning. We have manhood graduation school here this morning. We have woman graduation school this morning because God is looking for adults. He's looking for real sons. Sons who could stand the test. Can the church say amen? [Applause] children at a certain age, you you you need to feed them. All right? You can't feed them. So, you got to spoon feed them. But after a while, brother Batist. All right. You can't be 40 and somebody's spoon feeding you. Jesus have mercy. My God. 38 and you can't clean up after yourself. That's yeah, we going to turn the place upside down. A child, you got to clean up after them because they don't understand that that there's place for everything and there are certain responsibilities to have. But we got some big children. That's why God say you got to be able to manage your house before you could run the house of God. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Some of us have testimonies as Christians and our neighbors know how we living and say you ain't no Christian. because you're acting like a child. No acceptance of responsibility. Fathers abdicating, abandoning, walking away from their responsibilities of men as men in the house of God. And because they are children and they are not in their place and they're not in their position, now there's a total domino effect of displacement. Because now the wife or the mother or the woman has to step into a role that she wasn't born for because the man is not around. Amen. When he should be in his position, but because he's a child and and he's going through midlife crisis, that's not in my Bible. Amen. He can't find himself now. He wants to go and skydive at 52. Praise God. I'm not blasting skydiving. I'm talking about acceptance of responsibility. Because God is not going to entrust his power to children. Hallelujah. [Applause] Amen. Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. It is very difficult for a child to say it's my fault. Many parents testify of walking into the kitchen, seeing the cookies on the floor, the jaw broken, the mouth covered in crumbs, and the child saying, "It wasn't me." That's right. Because acceptance of responsibility is an attribute of a man. It's an attribute of being an adult. It's difficult for a child to say, "I'm sorry," because they can't really understand what it is because their understanding is limited. But we have people who are grown up who can't say, "I'm sorry. Please forgive me." Adults who can't say, "I messed up." Hallelujah. I made a mistake. Even the prophet said, "I've made so many mistakes and I hope my mistakes would not be a stumbling block unto." That's a real man. Can the church say, "Amen." So, we are on a journey this morning to maturity, friend. That's what we come to church for. Not to go back home the same way that we came, but to come one step closer to being mature that God can say, "Yes, there is my beloved son. There's another one there. There's my spirit flowing freely because you have grown up." Can the church say, "Amen." Amen. So to become a man, brother Kangly, there's a process. In the natural, in different cultures, in Africa, there's a manhood test. Amen. In Greece, different countries, years ago, there's a manhood test. reach a certain age, you have to go and kill a lion by yourself. Bring back the the the hair. Bring back something to prove that your mind if you got killed no lion, you'll be 40 years old and you're still a boy. Cuz you bring back your lion yet. But there's some process. And just as different cultures have a process to prove that you a man, God also has a process. And the process is described through brotherham's message called adoption. Hallelujah. He said look adoption in the message adoption. Can you see? Let me show you how it's done. A father has a big kingdom. He He rides around. He's got a sunborn. He's so happy. And he finds the very best tutor. You know what a tutor is? Is a school teacher. He finds the very best school teacher he could find in all the country. He doesn't want just a scaly wire because he wants his boy to be a real fellow. And he wants a man that'll be honest that will tell him the truth about his son. Listen to what the prophet said in that same message. You know what the father did? He never said, "I'm going to get a pope to watch over my children." Never said, "I'm going to get a bishop." He didn't do that because he know the pope would be wrong. So would the bishop. He never said, "I'm going to get a general overseer to watch over my churches." No. No. He got the Holy Ghost. That was his tutor to raise his children. [Applause] But the B said, "How would you know the Holy Ghost?" He said he speaks through human lips. How do you know when it's telling the truth? When you see the Holy Spirit speaking through a lips that's telling the truth exactly every time, predicting and coming to pass just perfectly like Samuel said, then you know that's the truth. It's coming right. Because God said if he speaks and what he says doesn't come to pass, don't hear him cuz I'm not with him. But if he does, hear him because I'm with him. That's what he does. Can the church say amen? Lord Jesus Brandon goes on and then he goes around. Now, what do you think the tutor would say if he had to go up to the father and said, "Your children is acting awful. That boy of yours, he's a renegade. He's a roused about. I never seen such a fellow." You know what he does? And that girl of yours, I don't know what you do with her. H Well, you know what? She looks just like she's painted up like some of them girls over yonder, the Philistines. Yes, sir. She wants to act just like they do. So you young sisters who want to act like the Philistines, you what kind of report do you want the Holy Ghost to give about your life? What kind of testimony you want to have? And by the goes on the father saying, "My father, my daughter, yes, your daughter." That's what the Holy Spirit has to say about the church today. No wonder we can't have a revival. Amen. Can the church say amen? Hallelujah. Praise God. My my my my. And brother Brandham goes through a lot of examples about different situations about joining societies and the bishop coming over and that son going with what the bishop says. And he says that's not my boy. That's not what my son is supposed to do. H Joshua said God. And but is typing where Joshua was placing all the tribe. He said God I want you right here. Right here lays your place according to the blueprint. Your place lays right here, right here. You get in here, God, and stay here, Benjamin. You go right there. And now all of you stay away from the borders of the Philistines. But the Bible said Joshua comes back and here they all over in the Philistines having a big old shindig. Just dancing up like that. And all the women painted up and dancing around having a big time. And Joshua scratches his head and said, "Now what?" And that's exactly what's taking place. That's what the prophet said. But the man said, "Don't you imagine how the Holy Spirit blushes before the father when he has to say things like that?" Can the church say, "Amen." But when the man said, "But now let's change the picture." Now the father, his son, is a good boy. All right. His father here is the tutor, the Holy Spirit. Which way? The Holy Spirit says, "I'm going to walk." The child says, "I'll walk right with you. I'll go right with you." Oh, the hills awful high, son. I'll go right with you. I got confidence in you. Can the church say amen? That's what God loves to see. And brother Brandham goes on when you get time, you spend some time reading it. And brother Brandham talks about how the son is getting mature and God is asking or the father is asking the the the you think he's matured and then brother Brandon come down. Yes. He said yes said the Holy Spirit. I've given him test boy. I tried him this way. I tried him that way. I've throwed him down sick. I've put him under. I stormed him. I let the devil do everything to him he could do. And he come right back up again. He come the same. Come up again. I made him sick. I done this. I throw him in the hospital. I took him out here and I done this. I done that. I turn his wife against him. I turn his neighbor against him. I turn everything. That didn't make a difference. He still said, "Though he slay me, yet I trust him. I killed his family. I took this. I did this. I done all this. I did this. Hallelujah. Till he stood there. Though he sle me, yet I'll serve him. That's the son that's ready for adoption. Can the church say amen? Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Praise God. Hallelujah. Oh, well, I believe we ought to call him somewhere to a special place and have an adoption. Hallelujah. Now when the father in the Old Testament understood that his son had come of age and had been seasoned out unto adoption, they are born a child, but they're a son right then. But then they'll be no more than just a child, just an ordinary son until they mature and show what they are. Then he calls them out. Here we are, church. Are you ready? This is the prophet. Now it's a little bit late. Everybody bite your finger, pinch your soul, pluck your heart just for a minute. Anybody sleeping? Now we're going to place the church. When the church gets to that place, Manasseh, you belong over here. Ephraim, you over here. Then he takes them out to a certain place, the father does, and sets him up on a high place and has a ceremony. And they all come around and he said, "I want everyone to know that this is my child and I adopt my son and I want anyone to know from henceforth that his name I dress him up a special dress on him." And I want you to know that his name is just as good on any check as my name is. He is my child. I adopt him into my family. Although, listen, he's been my son since he was born. Since he received the Holy Ghost, he's been my son. But now this is something different. I'm going to place him positionally in authority where every devil has to go backing up. Oh, you don't hear me this morning. At that time, you won't have to pray. Brother Brandham said you won't even have to lay hands on the sick. You will command the demons to go because you'll be in full authority. He says you will need to say in Jesus name that new name will be in you when you speak. It'll be the voice of the archangel. That's who I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about. Mature sons, born sons, filled sons, placed sons. Can the church say, "Amen." In a position of authority, you may be seated. Not just a church member, but now you have power. Now you have authority. Now you don't need to come to the pastor and say, "Pray for me." You need something. You speak to it and see demons on the run. Amen. Devils on the run. Hallelujah. Demons on the run. Because you are now mature. Brother Terrence the five-fold ministry is limited. Amen. Because it's unto the unity of the faith and the knowledge. Amen. When that work is finished, then it's mature sons walking out because everyone is directly connected. There's no secretary. There's no one between you and the father. You are connected just like the other sons who are connected. There is my spirit flowing freely. You don't need permission from somebody to do anything. You are child of the king. And when you say go, the demons have to go. When you say come, your son has to come. Your daughter because you are in authority. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Wonderful. Amen. Hallelujah. So, we're talking about putting away the childish things. Hallelujah. As a sign that you are now reaching to maturity. Hallelujah. Nobody got to keep pushing you and come to service and come on time and come early and and cut away the worldly friends and don't talk to that boy in the world and don't spend time with a girl in the world. Hallelujah. Speaking to children. But when you're mature, then God could have a different kind of conversation. You see the conversation between a father and child changes. But the night as the child gets older, when a child is young is what's that? That's dad that that's don't touch with that. Don't play with that. But when a child gets older and now comes in the father's business, then the father can now talk to the child differently. Say, I'm thinking of putting another building over there. What What do you think about that? Amen. Maybe we should move it to the left. Maybe we should Now they have a different kind of conversation. It's no longer don't touch this and don't do this. No. Now it's all about listen, I think I'm going to go heal somebody over there and the father say yes, go heal that one or go do this one. There's somebody I needed to go and pray for. That's a different kind of relationship. That's right. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Can the church say amen? And we know how God loves fellowship. Amen. He love come now in the cool of the evening and talk to Adam. Adam was not a child. Adam was mature. He was in the image of the Lord. He was in the he was he was he was in the condition that no sin could touch him and God could have a relationship with him. Hallelujah. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. But when man fell, Adam reverted to a childlike understanding because he could no longer see through spiritual eyes. And that's how the chain reaction of people now who have to go through a process. That's right. Just as Jesus himself had to go through a process where the Bible said he learned obedience by the things that he suffered. That's right. I love speaking about that because people don't like to speak about that. learned obedience by the things that he suffered. Hallelujah. And if he had to suffer and we want a free pass, you know, in some schools they allow you to skip a standard or skip a grade because you're you're bright. God has no skipping no grades. Everybody have to go through the same process. Repent, be baptized, clean up your house, receive the Holy Ghost on your way to adoption. There's no way to skip this class. There's no class to jump. It's the same process. And if Jesus had to go through the same process, who you think you are, it's going to be the same process. You have some more licks to get, some more reproof to get, some more because God wants perfection. Can the church say amen? Now listen carefully. Brother Brandham said in the message, turn on the light. He said, a man is known by his credentials and the credentials of the word of God if he is sent by the word of God. And with the word of God, it is same in every age. It's always been. We can't live by yesterday's light. Yesterday's light is history. We know nothing about it. You can't get warm today by the sun that was shining yesterday. And that's what the matter with the churches today. That's what the matter with the people. They're trying to live by what happened yesterday. You can't warm by a painted fire. Certainly not. It has no heat in it. Yesterday's sun has no heat in it. The sunlight is sent to the earth in the natural to ripen the grain for the advancing harvest. Each day brings forth a new sun. And the sun that's shining today bringing the wheat up that same sun. Hallelujah. It's got to be stronger and more powerful each day it grows and matures to bring the grain on. Hallelujah. Amen. Can the church say amen? Hallelujah. Brother said, "But this is another day. This is another hour. This is the advancement of the gospel. It's coming to its maturity. So, we can't live in what Luther said, Wesley said, or some of the rest of them. We're living in the light that's predicted for this day. We're in the seventh church age, not the third or the fourth. The grain should be able to receive it. If it doesn't, it falls off and it means nothing to it. The grain is matured with the light if it goes ahead with the light. Can the church say amen? So what are we talking about in position in Christ? God trying to place his church in position to manifest himself. Getting one that he can work through like this saying there's my spirit flowing freely. There it is that I can work here. Get another one over here and place him. I can place him. Adoption placing manifesting. Taking him out here and put a ceremony on him. Visit him with an angel. I'm not talking about coming to church now. Amen. I'm talking about something completely different. This is between you and the father. Now, not you and the pastor and the elder. This is different. Hallelujah. Visit him with an angel. Tell him something. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, if he's told the truth, now if he's just making up something, it won't work. No, that won't work. We've had a lot of that. But I mean manifestation of sons of God. When God manifests himself and he sends them out and then he goes forth and what he says is truth. What he does is the truth. What he does he manifest Christ. Can the church say amen? Amen. Amen. In the message, what here is thou Elijah? Brother Brandham said, "Oh, how that we need in this journey that we're in now to find a place of rest to feast on the word of God." And that's what we're doing here this Sunday, a place of rest to feast on the word of God so that it'll give us strength night after night. Go to the room and rest and come back the next morning fresh and eat some more for there's a great journey and a great battle ahead for the church. I believe that we have been children long enough. God's going to turn his church into manhood now. and we played and frolicked as children. But now we're going to have to put away childish things and take on manhood, maturity. That's the prophet's words. Can the church say amen? He said, I believe it was Paul who said, "When I was a child, I spake as a child because he thought as a child, but it's time we begin to think like men and women now. For we've got to get down to business. Get down to business." What kind of business? praying some more. Amen. Reading some more. Amen. Amen. Get down to business because there's a work ahead, friends. Hallelujah. The time is short. Going after stuff that wouldn't even last, but time to get down to business because the rapture is at hand. But the brand in the time of decision. So the church is not in its right state yet. We have to remember it's not matured. So we just have to linger and do the best we can. And listen, there's no one can bring it to maturity. Only the Holy Spirit. Amen. So, no minister could bring it to maturity. Only the Holy Spirit can bring it to maturity. But the B said, "I don't believe it'll ever come by man. It'll have to come by God." Somebody say, "Amen." So mature. No more children. Responsible, tried, tested, proven, having overcome. And anytime God is about to do something, he must find somebody to work through. He must find a witness somewhere. Anytime God wants to reveal a part of himself, his nature, his being, his attributes, he must find somebody and he got to train that person, he got to bring them up. So when God wanted to do something, he found little David somewhere in the backside of the desert with his sheep. But God knew the destination was really Goliath. But before David could face Goliath, God had to take him through a process of maturity to be able to handle Goliath. Because if he showed him Goliath right away, it might have been too much for him. So David in his youth, there he is on the back side of the desert. And God threw a lion at him. And what did he do? He overcame. And God said, "Yes, that's my boy. That's what I'm looking for." But now you can handle that. I can't send another lion for you. Amen. I got to send something more. I'm going to send a bear. And when the bear came, David overcome the bear. Now God said, "He's ready. He's ready for the final showdown. I've thr at him. I've throwed that at him and he overcome. Now it's time for the final kill. And God, all your trials, all your testing, all your situation was God preparing you for your final showdown to meet your Philistine. Get ready for the face off. Get ready for the final battle. Get ready for the showdown. But now you got something a child doesn't have. You may be seated. A child doesn't have experience. But now David, he has experience. Uh he has been through some stuff. Uh but now you are mature. You are getting grown up. Uh you have been through all kind of stuff and you have the same testimony. If it wasn't for the Lord, I wouldn't be here. The Lord delivered me from the lion. The Lord delivered me from the bear. I have dealt with this before. Who is this uncircumcised Philistine that dare defy the armies of the living God? Who is this uncircumcised Philistine trying to come into the church? Who is this uncircumcised Philistine trying to take me from God? Who is this uncircumcised Philistine trying to get me tied up with some boy in the world, some girl in the world, some worldly ambition, some worldly desire? Hallelujah. I'll chop your head off. And this morning, I believe we have men of God, women of God, who going to now draw their swords and chop every devil, chop every demon. We are fearless this morning. We are not children this morning. Listen, children cannot go to war. You may be seated. Amen. Whenever there's a war, they say, "Send the women and children away because there's a real men to fight." So, I'm looking for some mature Christians this morning. I'm not looking at your chronological age, but I know there are some young people here who could be some real men of God. Uh, some real women of God. I'm looking for sons and daughters of God to take their position. Who could tell the devil, "No, I'm not going to backslide. No, I'm not going to bow down. No, I'm not going to foricate. No, I'm not going to commit adultery. No, I'm not going to take all my time so I can't pray. No, I'm going to make time to pray. No, I'm going to make time to read. No, I'm going to stand up and worship. Know I might be weak, but I'm going to say I'm strong. You're not going to get me to say I'm weak. I might be backlitting, but I ain't stripping. I know who my God is. You don't hear me this morning. Oh, glory to God. You may be seated. Real men. Real men. One time there was a man. True story. All right. He was in a bar one time and some people came into the bar. They were talking about brother Brandham and this man was drunk at the counter and he heard them talking about God's prophet and they were talking a bunch of nonsense about the prophet and he spun around. He said, "Look here. I might be drunk but I ain't stupid. That's a man of God. And right now you might be weak but we ain't stupid. We might be down in the dumps but we ain't stupid. We know the God we serve. We know who is the King of Kings. It's not my strength. It's not by might. It's not by power but by the spirit of the Lord. We're going to have a revival. We're going to have a real church. We're going to have a super church. We're going to have a church that the sick cannot stay in the church. We're going to have a church that are backsliders get delivered because there will be some mature sons, some mature daughters who have gone through the flood, gone through the fire. Can the church say amen? So don't be discouraged. Uh get your faith up. Uh get your faith banks up. You begin to get desperate to see your family coming. Uh it's not about you, but your family is coming. Get desperate to see your children delivered because they are coming. We say no to the devil this morning. We have gone through the process now. We are almost fully grown up. Uh the bride knows who she is. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham said, "God is waiting on you and I. He has already done his part. He send the prophet. He send the message. He already pour out the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost. And he taught us the Holy Ghost that fell on that day is just as real as what's going to fall in our day." He said, "The same God that healed the sick is still here right now. When the prophet left, the angel never left. But God is hunting this morning. He is searching this morning for some born sons, some filled sons, and some place sons. He's looking for the manifestation of the sons of God. But before there could be a manifestation, there's got to be somebody who could put away the childish things. Oh, come on. This morning, put away the childish things. Young sister, that's childish. When you cut your hair, that's childish. When you play with makeup, that's childish things. This morning we are going to put away the childish things this morning because we are getting ready. We are getting ready for the responsibility of manhood. God is getting ready to pour the Holy Ghost on sons and daughters who are mature. Can the church say amen? So God is looking for somebody when he wanted to to do the whole reformation. He found Luther. That was the one man he could find. And listen, you may be seated. Luther, we don't have much information about him, but he had a rough life. He had a hard life. It wasn't easy for him as he was trying to find truth and trying to find a right and he went into the Catholic church looking for clarity and he found a Bible chained to a wall somewhere because he couldn't carry a Bible at home. Now you got Bible at home on the computer, on the phone, on the iPad. He had to find a Bible chain to a wall. And in that day they told him, you got to pay money to go to heaven. You got to pay money for your family. And he found a scripture, the just shall live by faith. Hallelujah. And God had somebody to work with. He had to die to himself, die to his feelings, put away the childish things. Thank you, Jesus. I'm too shy. I can't testify. I can't tell people about Jesus. He couldn't talk that. That's childish things. [Applause] Hallelujah. And he had to declare a message that nobody heard before. Thank you, Lord. But God was with him because God loves to prove his word. And he could only prove his word by believers. So God is looking for some believers this morning who are ready to empty out themselves of their old ways so he could move freely in them. Can the church say amen? And when God was ready to move on, he was again hunted for somebody who would put away the childish things. Because when you caught up with the distractions, you cannot hear the still small voice. So he found somebody by the name of Wesley who was searching for him as much as he was searching for him. They were searching for each other. There was a deep call going to the deep and because of that there was a deep to respond and Wesley he was in place to say you need to be sanctified. Are you with me this morning? [Applause] Hallelujah. Then we come to the prophet from a young age. God told the prophet don't drink. All right. Amen. All right. Don't smoke. All right. Don't defile your body. All right. Because I got a work for you to do. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. This one was going to be different. Amen. This one was important. Thank you, Lord. This one was about to something was about to happen that couldn't happen with any other prophet. Hallelujah. Amen. And he had to be sold out. Yes, sir. He had to put away his feelings, put away his emotions, put away his complexes, put away his insecurities. He had to put it all away. He had to be a real man of God and carry and pack a burden not for just those who were hearing, but those who would hear where the tapes would go out because he knew that the tapes would fall into the hands of the predestinated. There would be some individuals who were not around when he was around but the same word would go forth that you are predestinated unto adoption that you are predestinated for the Holy Ghost that you are predestinated for perfection and it's a process born again place a trying and you are positionally placed it's the same process but when you empty out all the childish behaviors then I could work with you so this morning we want to stir the pot up this morning and we want to throw the trash out the househ throw the trash out our lives and make room. Make room for the Holy Ghost. Make room for the outpouring. Make room for what God has in store for you. Somebody say, "Amen." Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. From the message what the Holy Ghost was given for. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham said, "But now when we need it, the spirit of God raises a standard." What is it? He's pouring in his spirit. Then those who are resting out yonder in the grave or under the altar of God as the scripture says are crying how long Lord how long how much longer God's waiting on me and you. Amen. The church is waiting on me and you adoption time when God can pour into us his fullness, his power, his resurrection that when the church and Christ become so close together till Christ becomes visible among us and raises the dead and we go into the rapture. Can the church say amen? Now in the message things that are to be. Brother Benham said, "Now in the natural, you grew from your birth. When you were born and presented into this world, God knew that you were going to be here on this earth." Hallelujah. And you grow from birth to maturity. Things that seemed strange to you in your young womanhood, young boyhood as children now seems very real. You couldn't understand it when you was a child. But now as you become adult, you begin to understand and find out that everything was just set right. Well, you don't hear me this morning. You know, it really means something to you now. So, is it in your spiritual birth? You do things you don't understand. When you're a little baby, you come to the altar. You give your life to Christ. You do such strange things. You wonder why you did it. But after a while, when you mature as matured Christians, then you understand it. See, there's something picks up. You see why you had to do it. Your spiritual birth, your natural birth types, your spiritual. Oh, how it fitted to you in this life as you grew. Everything fitted right in because you were made for that. Hallelujah. Wasn't it a strange thing that night you staggered into the mission, the tent meeting or the little church somewhere on the corner and something the preacher preached on on a certain subject and you just fell right at the altar. See, God knew that before the foundation of the world. See, it seems strange to you why you did it then, but now you understand. You knew what happened. It's so fitting to you in this life. Amen. Amen. So will also be in the life that is to come. The world and his life seems to advance as you mature. Everything seems to go right for you. Brother said, I don't believe that a person just happened to be here by chance. Just think when you come to the world, everything had to be for prepared or pre-prepared rather for you. I don't hardly understand how we could think that God could prepare all these things for us and we can't put our trust in him. Can the church say amen? Oh, I say this morning, if you put your trust in Jesus, then everything will be all right. Oh, that's a powerful song. If you put your trust in Jesus, then everything is going to be all right. And that's a problem with so many of us. We don't put our trust in Jesus. But I believe this morning we getting back to putting our trust in Jesus and watched everything be all right. Can the church say amen? Thank you, Lord. So, Brother Brandham spoke and he prophesied and nobody really understood what he said. But the hour has come to seal not the sayings and let them be revealed to the bride. The bride hasn't had no manifestation of God to stir the bride. There hasn't been a real stirring. Listen, they he promised them seven thunders back there to wake her up again. What for? To put the bride into action. That's right. Not to put the bride into coming to church, but to put you into action. To go after your family. To go after your loved ones. To heal the sick, to put the bride into action so we can go into the rapture. Not to come here every Sunday. This is temporary. There's coming a day we wouldn't come to this church anymore, but we will walk out into the hospital walls, walk out our family, a short quick message, shake the whole nation, and then the rapture will take place. Can the church say amen? Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. So almost 50 years but the brand is off the scene and there have been all kind of interpretations, all kinds of ideas, all kinds of speculations and analysis and stuff. People tossed to and fro like little children. They don't know which way to go. But God will have some mature sons who will stay with the word just the way the prophet said it. Not a new interpretation, not a new message, not a new doctrine, but the same message proven to be the truth brought by a vindicated prophet. Because God only brings his message to one man in each generation. And God already brought a message to a vindicated prophet. He doesn't need another vindication. He doesn't need your approval or my approval. We preach a vindicated message. And this message must come to pass. But God is waiting for some sons to come to maturity to take the word and hand it there. A child can't take the word and hand it there. But God is going to raise up some men of God to take the word and hand it there. Wait till them seven thunders utter their voices to that group, that group of real men, that group of real women who have put away the childish things and they are focused on getting out of here. They are focused on the resurrection. They are focused on the rapture. Can the church say amen? Hallelujah. What's her identification? She has stood the test. That bride has overcome herself. Hallelujah. She has overcome her ideas. She has overcome her interpretations. She has overcome everything. The lust of the eyes, the lust of the flesh, the pride of life, false Christ, Antichrist, denomination, mother, father, husband, brother, sister, neighbor, boss, coworker, she has overcome and she's pressing on because she is predestinated to overcome. Can the church say amen? Just like the lilies in the muck, inside is a predestinated seed. And from 1965 to now, it's been filthy water covering up the seas. But the liies but the sheen that are down in the earth are hearing a voice from on high saying, "Come on, liies, press. Come on, liies. Press out of the muck. Press out of the m there's a voice that's calling. There's a message from glory saying, you can make it. You You can make it, Mrs. Jesus Christ. You can make it. Bride of Christ, God is going to send a revival. Keep pressing. God's going to fill you with the Holy Ghost. Keep pressing. God is going to use you. Just throw the trash out. God is going to bless you. Just clean your house out. God is going to adopt you. Just throw away all the childish things and watch God bless you. Can the church say amen? I'm not going to be too much longer. I'm getting ready to wind up. Musician get ready to come up now. Oh, hallelujah. God cannot send a revival in the message called man until he's got a man in shape to take it. We cannot have a revival until we get men. God called men. God trained men. That's not trained up in the schools of theology and of education, but rugged men of fate that God has brought up in the school of his rugged training. Men who are not afraid to face the fire. Men who has come in the presence of God and knows his power and knows his omnipotence and knows his healing power. Some men that's trained uh to know the living God. It's all right to train them by the word, but the letter killth. The spirit give it life. But before we could have this revival and we going to have this revival, God has to call out and train men. God trained men to carry this message. Oh, are you with me this morning? And they don't care what the opposition is. They are willing to go to the fiery furnace in defeat or to the lion's den or whatever it may be. They're ready to go because they have been in the presence of God and know what he is. Whether it's the victory or defeat, they still stand the same. That's the kind of training God does to man. It's very strange to think that God would do that, but God trains his men like that he does. Can the church say amen? Amen. Brother Brandon said, "We know we have an old song. We sing some through the waters, some through the floods, some through deep trials, but all through the blood." God leads his people through great trials to purge them. And sometimes it take years to do it. Hallelujah. Amen. Just disappeared on that one. It take years to do it. to purge the word out of you, to purge yourself out, to purge your desires out, and to get you to trod all the childish things in your life. It take years to do it. But all through the blood, God leads his people through great trials to purge them. Sometime it take years to do it. But as for my for myself tonight, I believe that right now, God is training such men to meet the front line. Men who are going through and time shook their feet sometimes look like the whole thing's falling but yet in the midst of it all they know that living God and keep their face forward keep moving on. Somebody say amen. Oh glory glory glory glory. Just two more quotes and we're done from the message adoption. The Bible said the church is supposed to be predestinated unto the adoption of children where God can take a man and adopt him into the family and give him something that first try that and see if it's right. The Bible said try the spirits. This man claims a certain thing. Try it and see if it's right. If it's right, move right with it. Then say, Lord, send us something else. Keep moving. Just keep moving. Say, every fellow take his place. Then you're going to see the church of God begin to get its place. Then's when the Philistines will go to backing up. The shorts will go off. Hair will grow down. Faces will be washed. Sigas will be missing. That's right. When the church begins to get into its mighty power, when they have an Ananas and Safhara, a few of them. Yes, sir. You will see what the holy church stands together in its power. Positionally placed as sons of God, adopted into the family of God. Powerful church standing there in his glory. Oh, that's what he's coming for. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. Last quote. Hear him. There'll be a power put into the church. And now it's coming in that the Holy Spirit will so anoint the people till they'll speak the word and it'll create itself right there. We haven't seen powers like coming to the church now. I know it for a fact. Say unto this mountain be moved. Don't doubt in your heart but believe that you have said shall come to pass. You can have what you have said. The placing of the church in position where the fullness of the power of the Holy Ghost comes into the church. Then critics's mouths will be shut. It'll be a short time. Jesus come right off to the mountain, went straight to Calvary. It won't last long, but it'll be here. May the Lord richly bless you this morning. Give the Lord a hand of praise, Brother Anthony. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give him praise this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Some through the waters, some through the flood. Oh, some through great trials, but all through the oh some through great sorrow, but God hears a song. Oh, in the night season. Oh, and all the deep. Some through the waters. Oh, some through the water. Oh, some through the Oh, some through the trials, but all through the Oh, some through great sorrow, but God gave a song. Oh, and in the night season. Oh, and all the day. Oh, one more time. Sing through the water. S through. Oh, something great, but all [Laughter] and some through great sorrow. Oh, but God gives a song. Oh, and in the night season, but all the day. Oh, give him praise right now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Yes, Lord. Some through the flood. Oh, some through great trials, but on heaven. Oh, some through great sorrow. But God gives us a song. Oh, the night season and all the day long. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. How many appreciate the word today? Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. How many appreciate the message this morning? Amen. When I became a man, put away childish things. Amen. Mature gospel this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Cuz God wants mature sons. He's looking for that. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many want to be taught this morning? How many want to be led of him this morning? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Oh, wonderful. Wonderful. Amen. Why don't you turn around? Just greet somebody real uh real close to you. We sing that song. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to wait. They that wait upon the Lord. Amen. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount. Oh, [Music] as eagles, oh, they shall run and not be weary. Oh, they shall walk and not faint. Oh, teach me, Lord. Oh, teach me, Lord. to wait. Teach me Lord to wait down on my knees. Teach me Lord to wait. Oh, down on my knees. Till you're on your own good time. Till in your own good time. You answer my please. You answer my. Teach me not to rely on what others do. Teach me not to rely, oh but to wait in prayer. But to wait for an answer from you. Oh for an oh they that wait well they that way. Oh upon the Lord. Oh, shall renew their friend. Oh, they shall rise up. Oh, with wings as an eagle. Yeah. Oh, they shall run and not be weary. He shall walk and not fail. Oh, teach me, Lord. Oh, teach me long to just raise your hands right now and just talk to the Lord in your own way this evening as the music plays. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. His presence is here this evening. Oh, hallelujah. Father, we want to be led of you, Lord, Lord. We wanted to lead us, Lord, and guide us, Lord. Show us where to go, Father. Show us how to walk, Lord. Show us how to respond, Lord. Father, how to be mature, Lord. Oh, we need your help today. Hallelujah. Guide us in thy own sweet way this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, wonderful. Wonderful. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. One more time. They that wait oh upon earth shall renew. Oh they shall mountain with wings as eagle. Oh, they shall walk and not be weary. They shall walk and nothing. Teach me, Lord. Teach me, Lord, to give him praise right now. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Preach the Lord today. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory be to God. Let's bow our heads. Amen. As we pray once more to close out this uh morning service. Heavenly Father, Lord, we so privileged Lord Father to be called unto your glory Lord Father as sons and daughters of God. Father Lord and we thank you for this clarion call this morning Lord to be matured sons Lord to be ripened to be perfected to be adopted to be placed positionally Lord Father to do the work of the father and to continue his work Lord oh such a great high calling demands a greater responsibility in our parts Lord Father we want to be the right kind of our servants Lord the right kind of sons and daughters Lord that we could respond to you Lord Father that you could work with us and through us, Lord, to be a blessing to others, Lord. Father, Lord, to call up the dead in Christ, Lord. Father, to to to to to do the works, oh God, Father, that you have called a bride to do in this last and final hour. Such a great responsibility you've put in our shoulders, Lord. Father, help us to be mature enough, Lord, Father, to do thy bidding, Lord, Father. We we welcome your presence in our lives, Lord, Father. We pray you continue to move us, Lord, Father, and break us, Lord. shape us and mold us Lord Father that we could be the right kind of sons Lord. This is our desire today. Bless us today Lord as we Lord uh break this portion of service Lord and Lord as we come back in the evening father for communion service. We pray your presence continue to be upon your people today Lord Lord and bless them and anoint them Lord Father and strengthen them for the service later on Lord we pray Holy Spirit be with each one Lord Father Lord continue to quicken the word to us in our lives Lord Lord that we could be molded into your image Lord Father grant it almighty God once more we pray and ask in your precious name for your honor and glory. Amen. And amen. Service continues at 3:00 p.m. this afternoon. Amen. So, we'd like to start um at that time, 3:00 p.m. um um this afternoon. So, praise God. Uh service, don't forget service on Tuesday in Maraval. Um praise God. Uh Amen. Uh service will start at 7:30. And uh Amen. Also on service on Thursday in Konupia and in Sangra Grandi. So if you're in any one of those areas on Tuesday and Thursday, you can feel free to uh praise God and come and um put your fire in the service. Amen. Praise God. So far, we've been having a glorious time, especially in Maraval and the Holy Spirit's been moving. So, Amen. We want more and more of it. Amen. And we want God to send us some more. Amen. Until we keep moving. Praise God. Until every fellow take his place. So, praise God. So you remember that uh week we uh midweek services Tuesday in Marville, Thursday in Kupia and Sang Grandi all services 7:30. Amen. Amen. Praise God. So may the Lord bless you. Amen. You will join us back at here at 3:00 uh this afternoon. You have your seats. Um give me a key for lead me. Lead me lead me Lord. I'll follow. Yeah. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Ushers may come forward and can usher them out. Lead me Lord and I will go. [Music] You have called me. I will let [Music] me Lord. Oh and I will go. Lead me Lord. Holy me and I fall. [Music] Holy Lord and I will go. Oh, you have called [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music]
