################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2015-01-25 - The Great Escape - Bro. Isaac Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle - Isaac Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2015-01-25
Title:   The Great Escape - Bro. Isaac Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle
Speaker: Isaac Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhYGXTr_hDE
========================================

World is not my hope. Said I'm just a passing through. Oh, my treasure is all laid out in that hold me up. Oh, and the angels beckon me. Oh, what heaven's open door. Well, and I can't feel at home in this world anymore. He brought me out. He brought me out. Well of the mighty. Oh, he set my feet. He set oh to stay. He put us somewhere in my soul, too. Oh, a song of praise. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Well, he brought me out. He brought me out. Oh, the m Oh, he set my feet. He said, "Oh, oh, Tuesday." He put a song where he put Oh, in my soul today, a song of praise. Oh, hallelujah. Jesus, I'll never Well, Jesus, I'll never forget. Oh, what you've done for me. While singing, Jesus, I never forget. Oh, how you set me free. Jesus, I never. Oh, how you brought me. Well, I never Jesus, I'll never forget. Oh, no. Never. Jesus, I'll never forget. Oh, come on and sing. run for. Think about what he's done for you this morning. Oh, how you set me free. Oh Jesus, I'll never Oh, how you brought me out. Oh, sing it. Jesus, I'll never forget. Oh, no, never. Oh, it is grace. Well, it is grace. It is grace to serve the Lord. Well, it is grace. It is grace. It is grace to serve the Lord. Oh, it is great. Oh, it is grace to serve the Lord. Well, it is grace. Oh, it is grace to serve. Oh, this morning is grace. Oh, it is grace. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, you feel like dancing this morning? You feel like worshiping this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, it is grace. It is grace. Oh, it is grace. It is grace to serve. Oh, it is grace. It is grace. Oh, it is grace. Oh, without the music. It is grace. It is grace. It is. Oh, this morning it's grace. Get on fire. Get on fire. Get on fire. This is the revival. Let the bride sing to serve the Lord. Well, it is grace. Grace, grace. It is grace. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. [Music] Can't stop now. Oh, I want to worship him. I want to praise him. I want to glorify his name. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, grace too ser. [Music] Oh, one more time. It is grace. It is grace. Grace, oh grace to serve the Lord. Well, it is grace. It is grace. It is grace to serve the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Oh, I might not have the Holy Ghost yet, but I'll dance now. I might not have the Holy Ghost yet, but I'll rejoice now because I know that it is going to happen. Not many days hence, you shall receive your portion. Say amen, somebody. Say amen, somebody. Say amen, somebody. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. Amen. Amen. We already have the victory. You already have the victory from before the foundation of the world. So, who is Satan this morning? He is defeated. Give God a shout of praise. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Many men. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I love to praise him. I love to worship him. I love to get in the spirit. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Oh my. Let's sing a worship song. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. You love him this morning. Amen. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. I love that song. I'm here to bow down this morning. I don't mind laying prostrate before the Lord this morning. Hallelujah. But I want to get what I came for this morning. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, how many feel that way this morning? Glory to God. To say that you're my God. Oh, you're all together love, all together. Oh, you're all together wonderful to. Oh, here I am, Lord. Here I am to worship. And here I am to bow. And here I am to say that you're mine. Oh, you're all together, love. Oh, you're all together good. You're all together one to two. Oh, here I am, Lord. Here I am to [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Am I here am I to worship him to am I to say that oh you're all together love all together worthy all together wonderful Wonderful. Yeah, I am Lord. [Music] Worship this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, to say that you're my God. All together, lovely, [Music] worthy. Hallelujah. Just worship him right now in your own way. You worship him. [Music] Hallelujah. Lovely, worthy. Hallelujah, wonderful to me. Lord, we worship you this morning. Lord, we praise you this morning. Oh, we bless the beating of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Here I am Lord. Hallelujah. Here I am Lord. Raise your voices. Hallelujah. And worship the Lord. Here I am Lord. Oh hallelujah. Oh, lift your voices and praise him. Here I am, Lord. Yeah, I am Lord. Oh, make him your God this morning when you worship him, when you glorify his name. Oh, he is worthy, worthy, worthy, worthy. Hallelujah. Here I am, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Wonderful. Wonderful. To me, here I am, Lord. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. He is worthy this morning. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Why don't you turn around and greet somebody in Jesus name? [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] You're my worship. You're my bow down. You're my savior. Say that you're my God. Come on. You want to get You're all together lovely. All together one to me. Let's pray. Father God, we thank you for your presence. We thank you for your love. We thank you for the power that we feel among us this morning. May you come down and fill every hungry heart, every thirsting soul. Change and transform us, Lord. Oh, we wait upon you and needy people in this last day, the final generation for your coming. Lord, set us right this morning in Jesus name. we ask it. Amen. And amen and amen. You may be seated. God bless you. Amen. And welcome to the Headstone Tabernacle. We're so glad to have you among us here this morning. This morning, we want to welcome Sister Kate uh Ingbu. I trust I get it right. And her two sons, Success and Francis. Could you all stand? Welcome to Headstone Tabernacle. Dr. Okay, God bless you. Welcome my two children. Amen. Oh, it's so good to be here this morning. And I just want to read a scripture. I'm not the preacher this morning, but Isaac over going to be preaching you this morning. Praise the name of the Lord. So, I'm going to say a few words. And uh from Acts 18, it says, "And he shall receive power." Power, not depression, not frustration, not weakness, not struggling, and you're fighting power. After that, the Holy Ghost, not Luther, not Wesley, not Pentecost, but the Holy Ghost is come upon you. We talking about dynamics or your mechanics. Power in your hands, power in your tongue, power to live, power to overcome, power to forgive, power to make things right, power to humble yourself, power to say, "I'm sorry." Power to say, "Please forgive me." We talking about real power. Power to pray for the sick. Power to lay hands upon the sick. Power to cast out devils. Come. Power to raise the dead. Hallelujah. your power and let the devil know that you are his son. You are God's son and the devil has to go when you speak to him. That's what we talking about power. Real power. Not not just mental thing. Not just verbal thing. Real power. Sometime you don't have to talk. The devil going to see you when you walk. Praise God. We talk about power. Power that the devils feel. Power emanating from the inside out. Not the outside and inside out. Internal power. Godly power. Holy power. Holy Ghost power. Real power. Oh, glory to God. He promises power. Oh, glory to God. That's a promise. Power to have your own revival. You don't have to come to church for revival. You bringing your revival to church. We we talking about real power. Hallelujah. Oh, you may be seated. That's why we have no room to sit back, relax. You have no place to sit back like you got it made. There is always something to reach out after, something to thirst after, something to press after. That's why Paul said, "I forget the thing that I passed and I pressed towards the mark of the high calling in Christ Jesus." There is always a goal. There is always something to achieve. There is something to press onto. You can't sit and stare. You got to press your way into the kingdom of God because the kingdom of God is preached and every man press their way into it. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. So, on Tuesday, I'll be going to Uganda and uh pray for me. I've been having quite a time healthwise, but God is good. And next month when I get back, I'll be going to France. So, the circle already turning for different places and we just want to be in the will of God. But one thing we know though, but Abraham says once you're on the fields, you are in the will of God. Once you're on the fields, you're in the will of God. You have a right to testify about the glory and the praise and the honor. If you're not testifying, something is wrong. Yeah. You're supposed to be inviting people out, tell him about the Lord, how God has what done for your life. Amen. So, I just want to read two quotes before the preacher comes. And this one we read before, brother Brandham said in expectation, we need back to the Bible, to the oldfashioned Holy Spirit, good old time St. Paul revival and the Bible Holy Ghost. I like that. Not just not Bible Holy Ghost. I like that terminology is what we need back in the church again. It's right. And friend, it will only come through the experience of the new birth. Amen. A man cannot go to the kingdom of God without being born again. No more. Here we go. Than a bird could fly without wings. You need wings to fly. Not you want wings to fly. You need wings to fly. Amen. No wings, you're not flying. You're grounded. Isn't that right? So watch. And he couldn't do it. No matter how much a bird is, he hasn't got wings. He can't fly. And neither can a man go to heaven without being born again. We don't. It's not intellectual. Isn't that right? Praise God. So brother, sister, are you catching it? Watch that God will open the seals in the last days. All seven seals will be broke. Those seals, seven seals will be broke. And the full thing these are from the unveiling of God would come into view of the people. What took place all along the hour of the seven angels message. All the mysteries of God should be made known in that Elijah this last hour. Here we go. How that Christ is put out his church. That's a hard thing to really comprehend. You know Christ put out his church. They're singing about him. They have specials about him. They're preaching about him. They're telling each other, "God bless about him, but he is put out. Christ put out of the church." Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. One day you're going to wake up and realize Christ is not in the church. Where is he in the bride? [Music] Church is one thing and bride is another thing. Oh, hallelujah. Watch. And Christ is put out of his church, the son of God. How he is revealed to us the son of man again. How the church is to be put in order. Amen. Amen. So the church is not a a willy wheelie and everything go and anything go. No, no, no, no, no, no. It has to come to a spot where the church is put in order. Could I hear a amen on that? How many wants that? That's right. That's right. Not anything goes. Church put in order. Watch. And everything for the last days. Here we go. No creed. No denomination. Just absolutely the word living in the individual. I'll take one. I'll leave one. I'll take this. I'll leave that one. No strings, no denominations, no binding or nothing. It's just a heart with God and him alone. What a hour to come back to. No church can claim anything. Is individuals word living in individuals. Then you become a living tabernacle of the living God's dwelling place. You become God's house. Where you go, God is going. Hallelujah. Where you are, God is there. Oh, could we give the Lord a shout of praise? Hallelujah. The word living not in the church, in you, the individual. Isn't that wonderful? So, as we want to switch over, but I want to thank God for the prayer meetings. We have prayer meeting on Thursday 8:00. It's so powerful. I know the people come and the turnout years ago prayer meeting was one of the hardest service you could know the church by who come out to pray but I'm so excited what I'm seeing and the turnout is tremendous and the atmosphere is tremendous one hour powerful cry out to God and really shaking the shingles as it was to seek the face of the Lord and and I thank God we brought back the altar back into the church. Hallelujah. And have some prayer meeting going strong every Thursday night have it going strong. Amen. 10 15 minutes exhortation word 10 minutes and get down into prayer and that's why we come here I'll be coming on tonight to pray isn't that right so I want to let you know well I'll be talking to you later after the service but the church is going to be set in order things are going to be set in order so yesterday we had a marital uh marriage uh seminar and it was really something was special and I trust that those who were here were blessed because we went back to the Bible with his back to Ephesians And then back to Ephesians where husband love their wives and where wives respect their husbands. That is going back to the word. And with that everything solved, every problem solved, the issue is solved. Isn't that right? Hallelujah. So I trust the Lord that God will bless you this morning in a special way and you'll be inspired to really serve the Lord because that's what you come for. People love God. They ain't come to love the preacher. They come to love God. That's right. We are not to put ourselves into your hearts. We supposed to put the word into your hearts. That's what we supposed to do. So you're not coming here fighting for the church and fighting for the preacher and what not. Forget about it. It's a kingdom we talking about. Jesus Jesus told the disciples, he say, "My kingdom is not of this world." Hallelujah. Because they wanted him. He was popular. He was getting the crowd 3,000 5,000. He was getting heavy physical backing and crowd support. And they thought that he could lead a rebellion against those dread Romans that had them under pressure. So they're looking for a warrior. of their faith. They had their expectation that this Messiah that was able to whip up popular support and had the crowd support of 3,000 and 5,000. Let's jam the Romans. Let's take upstairs and fight them. Only to hear him say, "My kingdom is not of this world. If my kingdom was of this world, my men would fight for me. But I speak of another kingdom." Oh, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Listen, we don't belong here. Everybody else have first place. We belong to a different kingdom. Ah, you thought you had first place. No, they have first place. Our kingdom is coming. But I want to give you a word this morning. Behold, the kingdom is within you. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. And the kingdom is the word made spirit and power in your life. I'll close with this. Hallelujah. When you get behind your heart to close your thoughts be going back and forth and back and forth. Don't let it get too late that you stay long to understand a man life doesn't consist about the things he possess. Some people take too long to get to that spot where for them is about things. is about a car, a house, land, a thing like that. And we talking in the in the seminar yesterday, a woman needs love, romance and so on like that. We talking about that and he's saying, you know, not car it car and and house and curtain and everything else, but where is the relationship? Where is the connection? We talk about hindrances, meddling laws and mother-in-laws and other outlaws. There's a word inventing law. In-law is meddling in marriages and affecting relationship and so on. Not giving it to blend and bond and so on like that. Grudges and whatnot. And it's very important to understand these things. Amen. Oh hallelujah. Because the Bible even teaches if the relationship is not right, it affect the man's prayer. So you're praying and it's not effective because the relationship and connection is not there. So God actually put limits to your so-called manpower. Brother's not saying amen. They get in a little fight. Not a big one, a little fight. But the point about it, God want you to correct your behavior. God want you to correct your attitude. And God want you to change. That's the point. You've got to change. It's not love me as I am. I'm going to love you as you are. But you're not going to stay as you are because I love you too much to leave you as you are. Come on, say amen, somebody. So God, love the world. He gave his only begotten son for us to stay just like how we love us. No, he love us to change us. That's why he sent the Holy Ghost. That's why he said it. Why? That we may have a glorious church without spot, without wrinkle, washed in the blood of the lamb. [Music] [Applause] So we find out the Bible say for this cause shall a man leave is a mother and father mother and father leave them. Yes he abandon them cuz they're the one that nurture you and grow you mature you and feed you and clothe you and send you to school but God say leave and cleave and you can't cleave until you leave and some people just don't leave. So you know what happened? No cleave. And then what happened? The relationship grieve. Hallelujah. Suffer. Mommy boys don't want to lead the mother and daddy girls don't want to lead the father. But there's a requirement. Why would we say that? God want the commission to be manifested. Be fruitful and multiply. Amen. Be fruitful. Have proper foundation of marriage and attitude and behavior. And this is what we want to have sir. Subject one to another. Not the borship that we see. Even Jesus bust his own disciples. He said, you see the Gentiles, they have rulers and who is boss and who is who of our who. He said, I look, I wash your feet. I humble myself. I want you to do that to each other. Don't do like the Gentiles. This one a post. This one a rank. This one up. So, and who higher than him? Hallelujah. Then you get priest, bishop, archbishop and pope. Hallelujah. And everybody want some robe, some gong, some crown, some high chair. His majesty, your majesty. But God Jesus, he was so humble. I'm going to close something. So he was so humble that that Judas had to kiss him for them to recognize which one among these disciples this man called Jesus. He was walking like them, dressed like them, bear like them, looking like them. He had no special role with with flashing lights flashing. I am Jesus. He didn't have that. He was looking just like them. Until Jesus said the one who I kiss, that's the one. That's the one. That's the one. Don't mistake him. The one who I kiss. I have to identify who he is. That's what I'm talking about. Could you be so disappear among the crowd not to give her recognition that'll give her power and popularity and God could push you in the background and still you know you are son of God. You know you're no demon. You're no serpent seed. You're not on your way to hell. You're on your way to glory. Your ticket don't stamp. Your ticket down paid for. Your passport don't stamp. Oh, let's all stand and give the Lord a praise offering. I thank him. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. May my life Lord be glorified today in my life Lord in my life Lord. Oh, be fast. Be [Music] in your church, Lord. Oh your church Lord be glorified. [Music] Oh, be glorified. [Music] Your church Lord be glorified today in my life. One more time with your hands lifted to him this morning. My life, oh Lord, be glorified. Oh, be glorified. Oh, in my life. Lord be glorified today. Just give him praise this morning. Give him glory. Give him honor. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Are you happy to be in his presence this morning? Glory to God. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Well, God bless you this morning. You may be seated for a few minutes. Amen. I'd like to greet you this morning in the precious name of Jesus Christ. I'd like to How many appreciate the pastor this morning? Amen. I want to salute him, his wife for the opportunity to speak this morning. And uh certainly those who were in the marriage seminar conference yesterday, we were really blessed. We want to thank him for that. What a blessing. And uh we will be making it available in the library and on the website and uh on our YouTube channel as well. So, if you weren't here, you have an opportunity to see it. And for those, there were many people who were here who said they need to see it again because a lot was said and it's something you have to play maybe a couple of times to get everything right. But it was really really a real blessing and we really salute him and thank him for the labor of love. Amen. And what can we say about brother Anthony uh last Sunday? Blessed are they which hunger and thirst. You appreciate brother Anthony. Amen. And the worship service. Amen. So today is the last Sunday of January. I mean time moves so quickly. We just started 2015 and already we coming down to the end of one month already. But I believe the Lord has something special for us to end this month. You believe that? Amen. So as brother Lope said, right after today's service, we'll have a church meeting. You're all invited to stay back for that meeting. And uh next Sunday, we'll be having two services. our 10 a.m. service and the Lord's supper at 3 p.m. Amen. You appreciate the Lord. So, you ready for the word this morning? Just before we read the scripture, leave your burdens down by the river side. Down by the rivers, down by don't you leave. Oh, down by the river side. Carry them no more. Oh, I say to carry them. Say they carry [Music] No more. I say to carry. I say to carry. Oh, carry them no more. Let's just sing that one more time. Why don't you leave your burdens down? [Music] Oh, down my Oh, leave your burdens down. Oh, can't breathe no more. Oh, I say to carry. You mean I can leave it there forever? Carry them no more. Oh, carry them no more. Oh, I say to carry. I don't have to carry it forever. Carry them no more. Oh, carry them no more. Oh, you love the Lord this morning. Let's stand to our feet. We're going to read three portions of scripture. Amen. We're going to read from the book of Psalms, the book of St. Luke, and we're going to read from the book of Hebrews this morning. Reading Psalms 71, St. Luke 21, and Hebrews 12. Psalm 71 and verse 2 says, "Deliver me in thy righteousness and cause me to escape. Incline thine ear unto me and save me." Reading St. Luke 21, reading verse 32. Verily I say unto you, this generation shall not pass away till all be fulfilled. Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away. And listen carefully now. And take heed to yourselves, lest at any time your hearts be overcharged with suffighting. It's a type of giddiness and drunkenness and cares of this life. And so that day come upon you unawares. For as a snare or as a trap shall it come on all them that dwell on the face of the whole earth. Watch ye therefore and pray always that you may be accountant worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass and to stand before the son of man. And our last scripture reading, Hebrews 12 verse 25. Hebrews 12 and verse 25. See that he refuse not him that speaketh. For if they escape not who refuse him that spake on earth, much more shall not we escape if we turn away from him that speaketh from heaven. Whose voice then shook the earth. But now he had promised, saying, Yet once more I shake not the earth only, but also heaven. And this word yet once more signify the removing of those things that are shaken as of things that are made, that those things which cannot be shaken may remain. Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved, let us have grace whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear. For our God is a consuming fire. Shall we bow our heads for a word of prayer? Our gracious heavenly father, we thank you for your love, for your mercy to us, Lord, this morning to be called your sons and daughters, Lord. And we thank you for your presence. We thank you for your word this morning. Any man could read the scripture, but Lord, we pray this morning that you would walk out the pages of the Bible, Lord, and bring liberty to the captives here this morning, Lord. May a revival starting here this morning to stir the people up, Father. Lord, that we could break into the unknown this morning. we could break into the supernatural this morning. Lord, may you take me out of the way completely. May you speak lip to ear to your sons and daughters. If there's anyone backsliding this morning, may you restore them. Anyone struggling, may you lift them up. Anyone looking for the Holy Ghost, may you pour out the baptism of the Holy Ghost and fire. Lord, may you take me out of the way and speak to your people in the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And the church says, "Amen." And the church says, "Amen." Amen. You may be seated this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Well, give the Lord a shout of praise this morning. [Applause] Amen. Amen. So, I have a title this morning. My title this morning is the great escape. The great escape. And my subject, the way of escape. and my inspiration. Watch and pray that you may be accounted worthy. And we're taking it directly from St. Luke 21:36. Watch ye therefore and pray always that you may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass. Can the church say amen? So, we're talking about escaping this morning. Yes, sir. And I want to start off by defining the word escape. The word escape, it means to break free from confinement. Yes, sir. Or control. It means to get away. It means to get out. It means to run away. It means to run off. It means to break out. It means to break free. It means to get free. It means to break loose. It means to make a break. It means to make a break for it. It means to bolt. It means to clear out. It means to flee. It could mean to fly. It could mean to take flight. It could mean to make off. It could mean to take off. It could mean to slip away. But by any means necessary, you need to escape. What's about to come? Can the church say amen? So, we are talking about the great escape this morning. And when you do a search for escapes, there are different historians and different writers who talk about the 10 greatest escape who broke out of this prison and who broke out of that prison and who made it out. And when you really study the story, it's not an easy thing to escape. You cannot escape by accident. You can't escape. I just see how you got out. I really don't know, but I escaped. No, there's no I don't know. Because when you have to escape out of a prison, a prison means you are locked in there and there are certain controls you don't have. Amen. Somebody say amen. And a lot of people they come to church and they are in prison and they smile with you and they shake hands with you but they are walking in the prison and their cage they carrying their cage with them and they shake their hands through the bars of the cage but they really can't worship the way they want to because somehow they are locked up. They are tangled up. And when you have trouble to raise your hands to worship, maybe you don't even know it, but there's some kind of prison that you might be in that you can't lift your hand up. You may be seated. In certain prisons, in a serious high maximum prison, sometime the height of the prison is this high in certain cells because they don't even want you to stand up. Because when you are considered a serious threat, you cannot be kept under the conditions like the other prisoners. When you are serious threat, they got to make sure they give you the little the least amount of space possible. You can lie down, you could roll off the bed, you could crawl to the door, but you can't stand up. There's only so much of that you could take before it's time to escape. There's only so much of that you could take before it's time to break out. But this morning we are speaking about breaking out. Whatever been holding you down, today we are making a break for it. Today we are getting out of it. I don't care how locked up, how tied up, how tangled up you came in the house this morning. Hallelujah. Somebody's going to go free. Somebody is going to go free this morning. And you may be seated. It's amazing what people will do when they get tired of being in prison. It's amazing what people will do when they get tired of just coming to church and going back home. It's amazing what people will do when they get tired of living the up and down. It's amazing what people will do when they get tired of just walking around the yard in the prison. After a while, the prison just gets too much for you to tolerate. Am I preaching to somebody this morning? I know I'm not preaching to everybody because some people like prison. [Applause] Some people like the controls. Some people like get up in at this time and go to bed and and don't raise your head, keep your head down while I walk around. Some people like that. But the sons of God, they can't handle that kind of thing. Don't tell me when to worship. Don't tell me I can't shout. Don't tell me I can't pray. Don't tell me I can't have a revival. Don't tell me I can't lift my hands and call for fire. You may be seated. One time there was a little child giving trouble in the classroom and he kept standing up in the classroom and the teacher said, "Johnny, sit down." And Johnny would stand back up again. The teacher said, "Johnny, sit down." And Johnny would stand up again. And she gave a final word. Said, "Johnny, sit down." And he sat down and he started to smile. And the teacher said, "What's going on?" said, "I'm standing up on the inside." So, I don't know what condition you are in this morning. Even if your hand hasn't worked in a month, you can lift your hand on the inside. Lord, you know the best I could do. Maybe I haven't had a revival in a long time, but I'm doing the best I could. If I can't bite the devil, I'll use my gums, but I'm not staying dead no more. If the if I don't praise him, the rocks are going to cry out. You may be seated. If you have trouble praying, you're in a prison. If you have trouble worshiping, you are in a prison. Hallelujah. If you have trouble to forgive, you are in a prison. If you can't smile, you are in a prison. If you can't shake your brother's hand, you are in a prison. There are people in the message in prisons, they can't shake hands, they can't worship, they can't smile. If you can't read the Bible, you are in a prison. Wife, if you can't subject yourself to your husband, you are in a prison. Husband, you can't love your wife, you are in a prison. Young man, you don't want to worship God, you are in a prison. But I see some chains. I see some prison doors beginning to open this morning. If you may be seated. Listen, I understand what's going on. Some of you been locked up so long. Freedom. You have to get used to freedom. You know, with a clearance, I give you a true story. There was a gentleman who was in prison for 30 years. And prison is designed a certain way to break your spirit. Amen. That's the purpose to bring you under subjection to certain principles because by definition you couldn't behave yourself on the outside. So you are in prison to learn how to behave yourself. And for being in prison for so long he was used to saying this is the time to wake up. Go get your breakfast. Go back to this area. Wait right here. Stop. Now you can go. When they released him after 30 years and he stepped out the prison, he spent an hour, 2 hours standing for a while. The security guard said, "What happened?" He said, "Can I go now?" Been in prison so long. They said he walked to the traffic lights. Brother Kangalian, stop there. This is a couple feet from the prison and he didn't move again. The guard walked out the prison. He said, "You all right?" He said, "Can I cross the street now?" He had been so long in prison that he had forgot what it was to be free. And the enemy's job was to tie you up for so long that worship suddenly felt foreign. Can I worship now? Can I pray now? Can I read my Bible now? But after a while, after a couple of days, all of a sudden, [Applause] You may be seated. Hallelujah. I pray this bless somebody this morning. So, we are talking about breaking out of prison. Amen. I got news for you. You know, it's only certain people could talk about breaking out of prison. Because when you're in prison, you can't talk about the words break out of prison. If anybody hear you talking about breaking out, there's consequences for talking about breaking out. You can't even say the word escape. The word escape carries five more years. But we are talking about a prison break this morning and the devil could do nothing about it because you are going to go free. Satan, you could listen to it. You could get mad about it, but we are going to go free. The young people are going to go free. The young sisters are going to go free. You may be seated. There are certain conditions that must be in place for a prison break. There are four things that you must have to break out a prison. Trust me, I thought about these things. You must have four things to make it out of prison. You need to have a plan. All right. Without a plan, you have no chance. You need to have a good plan. All right. To make it out of prison. That's one of the things. Still three others. You need to have a distraction. [Applause] What good is the plan unless there's something to distract the authorities? What good is the plan if the devil is always watching you? There has to be a moment when he got to look away from you so you can make your escape. You may be seated. There has to be a moment of confusion that the devil doesn't understand what's really going on. You may be seated. You got to have a plan. You got to have a distraction. Something that doesn't make sense. Don't know why it happened. Why the rice cooking in that other pot today? Something different. Can the church say amen? Are you with me this morning? Amen. If you ever get in trouble, these are the four things. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You need a good plan. You need a distraction. You need somebody on the outside. [Applause] What good is it to make it out and try to flag a taxi? Hallelujah. Glory. You have to have somebody on the outside with transportation. you and that person can't be traveling. You need transportation because when you make it out, you have to be ready to go right away. And the last and the most important is you have to be prepared. Be prepared because you never know when the window of opportunity would arise for these three factors to line up, right? Can the church say amen? Well, I have good news for you this morning because out of these four parts of this whole program, we are only responsible for one part. Because the plan, God already put the plan in place. That's what William Mariam Brham came to do to to give us the plan. Rapture in faith laid in the message. I'm giving you a plan to get out of this place, to get out of this world, to get out of sin, to get out of church, to get out of what you're in. We have the plan. Can the church say amen? We are not responsible for the plan. the distraction, we're not responsible for it. Because when the Holy Ghost start to move and begin to move through your house and begin to move through your neighborhood like it did in the day of Pentecost, these men are not drunk as you supposed. This thing don't make sense. This thing doesn't add up. Who drinks at 9:00 in the morning? Can the church say amen? And there's got to be somebody on the outside who's waiting when you step out of prison. He said, "Come and go with me to my father's house. Come and go with me to my father's house." You may be seated. I trust this is blessing somebody this morning. You never heard somebody preach about prison this good, huh? Can the church say amen? So all we got to do is be ready, be prepared, be watchful. That's why the Bible said, "Watch and pray that you may be accounted worthy to escape because you are going to be the escape ones. You escape the Baptist church. You escape the Methodist church. You escape the Pentecostal church. You escape the message church. You escape false teaching. You escape false doctrine. You escape false Christ. You escape sin. You escape the lust of the eye. You escape the lust of the flesh. You escape the pride of life. You escape the temptation. You escape. And there's coming a great escape. An escape to the rapture. An escape to me. [Applause] Can the church say amen? Hallelujah. I pray by the end of this service everybody could able to stand on their feet. I pray by the end of the service the armor of yours that had arthritic pain that prison of arthritis will have to let go. Your hand could only resist far. You try try to get it up a little more but by the end of the service uh you ain't going to make it all the way up because Jesus came uh to open the prison doors. Loose them and let them go. You may be seated. We are speaking about the great escape this morning. The way of escape. Listen, it's hard for one person to escape. It is very difficult. It is even harder for two people. It is almost impossible for a group to escape. But God promised that there'll be a group that's just going to be missing one of these days. this group. Listen, this is a coordinated escape because out of every nation, out of every tongue, God is preparing a people. Somebody help me this morning. We who are alive and remain will be caught up to meet those that were to sleep in summar. [Applause] And the devil can't do nothing about it. The devil can't stop you getting the Holy Ghost. The devil can't stop you going to the rapture. You may be seated. Brother Brandham was relating a story of seeing an eagle in a cage in the message of eagle stirring her nest. And brother Brandham said, "I thought that was the most saddest sight." He said, "I'd have give that man $100 more than he paid for the eagle if he'd have let me open that door and let him out. Oh, to think that he was born to sail those blue skies and then he looks up there and couldn't do it. Somebody had put him in a cage." I thought that was a sad sight. But brother, when I see men and women who were born to be sons and daughters of God, caged in an old cage of denomination denomination theology that they say the days of miracles is passed and to keep you away from the real thing of God, walking around here trying to satisfy that blessed hunger that God put in you to thirst after him and satisfied with wearing shorts and drinking and joining churches and all these creeds and things. That's the saddest sight I've ever seen. You were born to be a man and woman of God, to saw the unexplored and explore the unknown. God made you thus, not to be caged in by my denomination. Don't believe in miracles. I don't care what your denomination does. Your savior said so. That settles it. That's a prophet. Don't let no man put you in a cage. You don't need in a cage. You need to be free. The reason you look upward is because you are a born eagle. Am I speaking to born eagles this morning? The reason you love to do that is because you are God made you thus. You can't stay cooped up in the chicken coupe. You were made to be an eagle to fly in the sky, the heavens above and sail into the unknown into the power of the living God. Can the church say amen? But man went on. You wasn't made to be like other birds. That's what's the matter tonight. That's what your heart is hungering for is to get loose and to get free because you are an eagle to begin with. Brother, when the eagles in the church begin to realize who they are, they're going to want to get loose and to get free. There's not going to be enough room for you to worship. But the Jerham, you might make a lap around the church. When you realize that the wings you haven't used for a long time, they were designed to fly. Those wings you have been used for a long time. [Applause] Listen to the prophet. An eagle is an eagle to start with. He was born an eagle. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'll say that again. Born an eagle. And if you're born an eagle, nothing could change that eagle status. It doesn't matter where you go, you are born an eagle. Even if the mirror of your life looks cloudy, you can't see how you look, you are still born an eagle. You might find yourself having all kind of problems, but you are still born an eagle. You might make mistakes, but you are still born an eagle. You might have fallen in sin, but you are still born an eagle. That that's what the devil is afraid of because you are born an eagle. And eagles are built to fly. Can the church say amen? Amen. Thank you, Jesus. That's what makes him hunger and thirst for righteousness. But as long as you are standing in a cage that says the days of miracle is passed. He said, "Oh, don't listen to those fanatics. There's no divine healing. There's no baptism of the Holy Ghost. There's nothing but a bunch of holy rollers." Don't you believe that? Don't you believe that? There's a man who's paid the price that will open the door anytime you wish and fly homeward through power, these blessings. That man is Jesus Christ. He died to take you out of the devil's porn shop and to make you free in Christ Jesus. Can the church say amen? Listen to brother Manam. Yet an eagle. All he hears, how much different is he from a chicken? But they are both birds. What is a chicken? A chicken is his denominational brother. But he's a chicken. How much different is it from a chicken? The eagle goes just as high as he can and builds his nest in the cliff of the rock and he gets up there so no predator can get to him. Get to a point where the devil can't touch you no more. Where the trials don't affect you no more. Where the ups and down don't move you no more. You know where you're standing. Where you moving. You know where you at. You above the predators. You above the situation. You don't look and see it's this brother or this situation. No, no, no, no, no. You see everything for what it is because you are so high. You have that bird's eye view. Can the church say amen? And brother Brand, I'm going give another beautiful illustration. Amen. So, do you believe you're eagles this morning? So, I believe God got some eagles who will escape. Because if you know you're an eagle, escape is built in a union. No matter how long you're put in a cage, that's right. That cage doesn't change your nature. Amen. Doesn't change your nature to fly. The moment they make a mistake and leave the cage open, you're running for it. So God has got some sons in here this morning, some daughters who are going to escape. I'm very sorry, but I cannot apologize for what I believe. I still believe in revival. I still believe in breaking free. I still believe in not living the way the devil wants me to live. You know, the devil have has an expectation of your behavior because he watch how you grow up. Hallelujah. And he expect you to keep behaving the same way. What messes up the devil plan is when you do the unexpected. The devil expect you to hold that ought to hold that grudge. Even when you say drop it, you just put it on the piece of paper. And the right moment you kind of uncover it. I drop it in a but still. But when you do the unexpected, then you trap the devil. Hallelujah. Because you don't give him room to move. Can the church say amen? Amen. in a message God's provided way. But the Brandham said here sometimes I go up into the mountains when I try to get away in the fall of the year to myself for a week or two to go hunting. I love that. But the brand he liked to get away to himself for a while. That's what some of us need to do. You know this friend, that friend, this association, that association and and these associations many time they're not taking you anywhere nearer to God. That's a great challenge with so many young people. They get tied up in the school and the job and and the friends and the associations. You you so want to please people. You so want to fit in until you find yourself lost in the crowd. And here it is. The prophet of God would say, "I want to go up somewhere away from everybody so I could be alone with God." And he said, "When I'm up there, I notice up there one of the most particular things along about September way up in northern Canada where there's some little lakes up there and there's these little old ducks you have down there in these rice fields. They fly up there and go up there and make a nest up there in the lake and they lay their eggs in the marsh and they hatch out their young ones." And then the little fellow time fall of the year comes on these great big ducks. Well, he's swimming around there on the pond, you know, and the first thing you know, the first cold breeze comes across and the snow cap comes on the mountain and the cold breeze sweeps down into the hollow. There's one of them little old fellas on there is the Drake. He's the leader. He's a born leader. He will run right out into the middle of the pond and stick that little hunger up in the air and go honk honk honk honk and every duck on the pond will come right to him. Now remember, he has never been off of that pond before, but he was born and raised on the pond, but every one of those ducks knows that he is a leader and know that God has sent him for a leader. And that little duck will fly right up from there without a compass or anything else and come just straight to Arkansas to the right feet to the rice fields. Is that right? He said, "What is it?" You say it's instinct. The duck has instinct. He said, "Well, if God provided a way with a duck to have enough sense to escape the cold, what about a man led by the Holy Ghost?" If God could have a leader among the ducks who when he sends the cold, he hasn't done this before, but something on the inside, he raises that trumpet and he's saying, "Everybody, we got to fly out because the cold is coming." If God would do that for the ducks, what about a man who's led by the Holy Ghost? He said, "What could what would you call that? how to escape your sickness and your diseases and your troubles and your cold spells. God leads. The Holy Spirit leads man. You may be seated. He said, "Listen, but the trouble, the duck, know it lead us, but we don't." The Holy Spirit talks to us about something. You let Dr. So and so explain it all away for you. That's where it's at. And I want to say this morning, there's a cold front coming. There's a cold wind coming and the Holy Ghost is calling us this morning to fly a little higher, to fly away from the cold and fly into the rapture. Can the church say amen? So the Bible is a book about escaping. The Bible begins with Adam and Eve in the gun and all is well. There are no problems. But as we know, Adam fell and Eve fell and sin entered the picture. And when Adam was supposed to have dominion, was supposed to be in control, was supposed to be a leader, was supposed to be an example, was supposed to be the first of many to come just like him. Something went wrong and Adam and Eve found themselves in a prison. A prison of sin. A prison of death. A prison of problems. A prison of stress. A prison of trials. That's why when Jesus came, he said, "The spirit of the Lord is upon me." Because he had anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor. He had sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised, and to preach the acceptable year of the Lord. So, the Bible is all about escaping. Noah had to escape the flood. Lot had to escape out of Sodom. Enoch escaped, did the ultimate escape. He just disappeared. But the Bible is a book about escaping. When it was time for the children of Israel to be delivered, Pharaoh said, "Kill all the little children." And Moses escaped because God always provides a way of escape. And when the time was right for the children of Israel to come out of their bondage, here it is. Moses is being prepped. And God has to speak to Moses and Moses going out as a deliverer to lead the children of Israel into that great escape. And as they come out of Egypt, the Red Sea is in front, mountain on both sides, Pharaoh behind. And God still doesn't fail. He provides a way of escape. Opens up the Red Sea. I want you to catch feet this morning. Whatever situation you are in this morning, he is still a God that makes a way of escape. He is still a God that can never fail this morning. Amen. So by the time Jesus come along, the devil is already used to these escape artists. He tried to catch this one and try to catch this one, but these people were just too elusive for him. But then Jesus just came different. Jesus just came different. From the very beginning, there was just something about Jesus that the devil couldn't understand. Just like there's something about you that the devil doesn't understand why you keep coming. Why you keep pressing? Why you keep fighting when all hell is against you? Why you keep coming? Why you keep fighting? When there's no reason to smile, you still there's something on the inside that keeps pulsing. When it looks like there is no pulse, there is still a pulse. When it looks like there is no heartbeat and there's no reason to worship, something on the inside inside is trying to come out, trying to escape. Take courage church. And Jesus came with a great ministry of deliverance. A great ministry to bring freedom. For years people had been in bondage. There was a man who at the pool of Bethesda. He for 38 years. The Bible said he had been in his lame condition and nobody could help him. There was no hope for him. And year after year he would come to get help. Year after year, he would come for deliverance. Year after year, he would come for his breakthrough. And and he would try to get into the pool just when the angel would stir the water. But every time he came, he just missed it. He had been in that prison for a long time. And it's amazing because he really had no chance to get into the pool because when Jesus finally spoke to him, he said, "There's no man to help me go into the pool." So he was coming just on faith. He was coming in case there's a possibility that something would happen. Maybe there's somebody here this morning. You are here looking that just in case there's a possibility that something could happen. But that day was different because he was looking at the pool and God was looking at him. He was looking to seven in the pool and he didn't even know God's eyes were on him. And Jesus asked him, "Wilt thou be made whole?" And that man was healed. After 38 years in that prison, God unlocked the doors of that prison and he walked out of that prison. That's the God we serve. He is still a God to open up the prisons. [Applause] Can the church say amen? And then the time came that Jesus before he died in and who is this? Brother said, "And as they waited with long expectations, after a while up across the hill, he came someone riding on a little wild white mule. It was a type of his coming the second time from heaven, riding on a white horse, coming up over the hill. And this little donkey, little white donkey, nobody paid any attention to him. But those that were looking for him, they cut down branches and run out screaming, "Hosana to the son of David that comes in the name of the Lord." Their hearts were thrilled above measure for they was expecting him and all their expectations had been met for they know the scripture had said he would ride into Jerusalem on a mule and they seen him coming. What is your expectation this morning? You got to be expecting to see him. Can the church say amen? Listen to brother Brandham. The rest of the city went right on with their pouring of waters and washings of pots and their ceremonies as they went on. And when they heard this great noise, began to start, hosana, hosana, screaming to the top of their voice. Oh, I could imagine what those people said. You are interrupting our church service with your noise. Do you think that stopped them? No. The very Christ that they had looked for was right with them. How could you stop them? And when you realize that the living Christ is among you, nothing could stop you from worshiping, nothing could stop you from praising. Nothing could stop you from getting excited. You may be seated. That's why praise and worship is so important. Because you praise God, the shackles can't stay on you. That's the key to you unlocking your shackles. When you come in here and you all you didn't pray and you didn't fast and you didn't get in the spirit and you come here any old how God is looking to see something from you. He already took care of the other three parts. You have to come here prepared prepared to receive the Holy Ghost prepared for your deliverance. Prepared for your breakthrough. And when all of it comes together down comes the Holy Ghost. Down comes the power. Down comes your deliverance. Can the church say amen? But say, "How could you stop them?" And he said, "And it caused a great stir in the city." The people began to say, "Who is this?" Hallelujah. That's causing all this stir. Who is it? He's got the people, that little group of people wrapped around it. Amen. Who is it that's causing this? They couldn't find him in any of their books. None of their seminaries had produced him. None of their churches had produced him. Therefore, they asked, "Who is it who is causing this to? What makes these people act like that?" The religious people were saying, "What makes these people scream? Why are they hollering hosana? Make them hold their peace?" But Brandon said, "If they hold their peace, the rocks will immediately cry out." Can the church say, "Amen." But went on something had to take place because a living Christ was amongst a living people. Something had to take place. And Brandon said the coming of the Holy Ghost in these last days has caused somewhat alike manner still amongst the people of the coming of the Holy Ghost in these last days has sent forth a revival. A people that's called out, a separated people. A people that's free in their religion that shouts and screams the praises of God that believes in signs and wonders. Why? The same thing as it was then is now. The spirit of the living God lives in them. That's why they cry out. That's why they can't hold their peace. Oh, hallelujah. Give him praise. And the religious world looks on. What's the matter with them people? You may be seated. You know, there's some message churches where nobody says anything. Nobody lifts their hand up. Nobody Everybody just sits there quiet doing no worship, no praise, nothing. Just all dead. God rejects that. He said, "I rather you're hot or you're cold. If you're cold, I can deal with you. I know where you're standing. Amen. But if you're warm, I don't want no part of your foolishness. Hallelujah. But when you on fire for God, then God could shape you. Then God could mold you. And how do you get on fire for God? How do you get on fire for God? You pray it up. You're always in the spirit. Nobody could stop you. That's why. What's the inspiration? Watch and pray. Watch and pray. Watch and pray. And that you maybe see that watch means to be observer not watch and no watch with alertness. Because you are watching because you expecting something. You're under expectation. So you don't want to miss it. So you can't afford to miss service because you're watching. You can't afford to do your own thing because you're watching. You can't afford to get distracted because you're watching. And you're praying. and you're in the spirit. If you are watching and praying, you could never come to church dead. You may be seated. So, you mean to tell me, preacher, you know who's really serious about God in the church? Of course, I can look at you and know if you pray this morning. You don't even need discernment to know that because when you pray, you come with the church with an attitude. If you come to church with an attitude, brother Brandham say you cannot get in revival unless you're in the spirit of revival. And if you're in the spirit of revival, he said there's certain things you must do. He said a revival throws the trash out the church. It throws the trash out of your life. Too many of you have so much trash, you wasting your time. You may be seated. Hallelujah. I tell people all the time, I don't come to church to waste time. If you want to waste time, find another church. But don't come here with your dead cold, lukewarm. You don't know where you stand. You don't know your foot from your head, your hand from your toe because you're not in the spirit. This is the house of God. If you have to repent, repent. Go to the elders, get prayed for, but get on fire for God or find another church because we're going to have a church that will be clean, will be sanctified, will be holy, where we can make a revival where the sick cannot stay sick. Where the dead cannot stay dead, where the lame will walk and the dumb will talk. You may be seated. That's what I'm looking for. I'm looking for revival to escape this world. There is no other escape outside of this message of the hour. There is no other escape outside of this prophetic message. There is no escape outside of Jesus Christ. The same yesterday, the same today, the same forever. There's no escape outside of you. receiving the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You may be seated. [Applause] If you sit here and you don't have the Holy Ghost, you are supposed to be nervous. You are supposed to be nervous if you don't have the Holy Ghost because you are supposed to be, "Lord, I need it. I can't go home without it. Lord, don't come just yet until I get it. Lord, I can't go home without it. I want to make the escape. I want to be ready. I don't want to live any old house. [Applause] You may be seated. When you really want the Holy Ghost, you begin to turn your pot over. When you really want the Holy Ghost, you begin to turn the televisions off. When you really want the Holy Ghost, you begin to prioritize what's really important. What good is it to get your house fixed up nice and you miss the Holy Ghost? What good is it? [Applause] Somebody help me this morning. Hallelujah. You got to really want to escape. You really want to escape and you still have the worldly clothes, the worldly music. You're lying to me. You really want to stay in prison. You may be seated. Prison could be nice. You know, there are people who, I'm telling you, they don't want to leave. In prison, you don't have any bills to pay. In prison, they give you three meals every day. In prison, free clothes every day. Prison free medical attention every day. Doctor food, recreation, for those who spend their lives before just playing cards, playing Monopoly. Prison have monopoly, too. It have cards, too. We can play cards all day until people say, "Well, why go and fight up to pay a mortgage?" And people get so used to coming to church and saying church is it and this is not it. Because after the great escape after the rapture, you know what the devil is looking for? The church members who were in the same services talking about the escape because he'll be so upset that this group was slipped out of prison. He will come to persecute those who were just sitting down there saying, "I in church again. Amen. I trust you wake up this morning because if you really want to escape, you got to be prepared to do beyond what you did before. There are stories of people who escaped out of prison. They didn't eat for months because they wanted to lose weight to fit between a hole that they didn't even know they could fit in. Glory. But if you're really tired of what you were living in, then you will do anything to change the situation. Amen. You have to reach a point of no return where you say, "I cannot go on unless God does something for me." [Applause] My only desire this morning is to bring a spirit of desperation in your soul to break out. To break out. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. Brother Brandham is standing in the pulpit and a man is going around preachers. You know the story. And he comes in there to the church. Hallelujah. And all the ministers on the platform, they run away and leave brother Brandham there. And brother Brandham is wondering how he's going to deal with the situation. And the Lord reveals it to him. And he speaks to the man and say, "You're going to fall over my feet." And as the man comes up, he says, "Come out of him." And they ask, "Is he going to be all right?" But the Brandon said, "No." And they asked what's really going on. But the Brandon said, "He worships the spirit that's upon him." In other words, he doesn't want to be free from it. And there are people in here, they worship the church spirit. They're not Christians. They worship church spirit. Amen. But you have to have a desire. Lord, I want to be different. Let these virtues live in me. Help me to escape who I am. Break out of who I am. I don't want to look in the mirror and see me no more. I want to look in the mirror and see Jesus. I want to escape. [Applause] Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Somebody's going to go free this morning. Amen. Whenever you come to church, friends, either one of two things will happen. You'll either get closer to God or further away from God. There's no middle ground. It's either you get drawn closer to God or you're getting further away from God. That's right. But my responsibility is to preach as hard as possible. So you become really serious about what time you come to church and what situation you come to church in and how much focus you pay if you really want to get the Holy Ghost and you really want to leave this world because judgment is hanging over the world. But before there's judgment, God always will make a way of escape. You may be seated. He doesn't sometimes make the way of escape. He always makes a way of escape. People will sacrifice for the things that are important to them and the most important thing which is the God's business. They don't want to make sacrifice. Hallelujah. I trust it stirs in your heart today. They can't miss this meeting. They can't miss this appointment. But they want to miss churchmen. Now the world is crumbling. Oil price is falling. The whole government is shaking. They they open the government oil meeting with a word of prayer. All these people they're not praying people. But the oil price is so far from the budget they decide to open in prayer. You think God listening to that prayer? But over brought out yesterday when a man house is out of order, God doesn't even listen to his prayer. You think God listen to prayer people when they're living just openly in sin and against his word, against his will. But that's what people want. They want a God and when they say something, something supposed to happen. God say, "I reject your worship. I reject your sacrifice. I reject it." He said, "In vain do they worship me. [Applause] In vain do they worship me." Not realizing God is a God of judgment and he's a God of mercy. Amen. He's a God of worship, not a God of silence. Amen. Whole country shaking. BP says, "Give everybody a VEP package. Employers are shaken. Employees are shaken. The ground around us is shaken. But we we receive a kingdom that cannot be moved. Cannot be shaken. Cannot be moved. Cannot be shaken. You may be seated. You put your trust in the economy. You put the trust in your education. You put your trust in your friends or your business, it will fail because heaven and earth will pass away. It's guaranteed to pass away. But my word, my word, my word shall not return void. My word will keep you alive. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated. Brother Brandon said when the press come down, watch the third pull. Then you need bread. You can say, "Let there be bread." That's the power I'm talking about. I don't need to go to the bakery. I don't need to go there. I need bread. Let there be bread. Because there'll be power in the blood was church of the living God. Whose side are you on? If you are on the Lord's side, then let us serve him. Let us worship him. Let us give him glory. [Applause] You may be seated. Some of us in here, we've been sick for so long. We accept our sickness as if it's our permanent condition. We reject that this morning. I don't care how long you've been taking medication. There's coming a time we'll speak to you and you will throw the pills away because the God of God You may be seated. How many want to escape this world? How many want to escape the sin? Escape the fashions. Escape the styles. Escape the fornication. Escape the adultery. Escape the pornography. Escape the temptation. Escape the music. Escape the carnival spirit. Escape what's on your job. Escape what's on your neighborhood. Escape that man who's messing with you. Escape that woman. Escape that boy. Escape that girl. Escape whatever it is. You must want to escape. Lord, I want to be free because who the son of man set free is free indeed. You may be seated. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham gave the story of Johnny Crow. Johnny Crow had been tied so long that when somebody came kindhearted and cut that cord, Johnny Crow still kept walking around as if he was still in bondage. He didn't even know he was free. Some of us have been tired for so long and when the word comes, we don't even know what to do. But I say this morning, come on Johnny Crow, let's fly south. Let's fly. Let's fly. Let's fly this morning. Let's escape the coming storm. [Applause] A way of escape. A way of escape. A way of escape. Only one way of escape. There are not two ways. There are not five ways. Only one way of escape is to be sold out loud to Jesus. To not care about anything else. You could take the whole world but give me Jesus. Listen. Amen. Hallelujah. You cannot be responsible for somebody else's behavior, somebody else's attitude, somebody else's response. That cannot be your responsibility. It's an individual affair. You cannot control how somebody else responds to the word, how somebody, some of us, we say, "Well, do this, do this." No, you could only be responsible for what you can do. Amen. You could have compassion in your heart and reach out to somebody to to see a situation resolved, but unless they want change in their lives, they're going to stay in the same position all the time. That's right. Amen. So all you could do is say, "Lord, I want to be ready." That's where the song come. If you take the whole world, but give me Jesus. Amen. If nobody else wants to worship, I want to worship. If nobody else want to pray, I'm going to pray. If nobody else want to smile, I want to smile. If nobody else wants to go to the rapture, I'm going to the rapture. Hallelujah. You may be seated. Hallelujah. You love the Lord this morning. spoke to the young people at the end of the service last week and I said to them, you know, there are a lot of youth activities and programs that we could put in place and that's beautiful. It has its place. It's important for the young people to fellowship and congregate. But you know something, there's only one thing that will hold young people in church and that's an experience with God. [Applause] That's the only thing I've seen on young people sing in the choir, do all kind of group stuff. Hike up, hype, dong, hike, sideways, bungee, jump, jump back up the bungee. And you can't see them in church no more because they have never had a experience with the living God. Amen. And that is my desire to see a genuine experience with God. Not an experience that's based on your father's experience or your mother's experience or somebody else. But you met God for yourself. Not your father's testimony, your mother's testimony, your brother's testimony, but I want to serve God. You're not going to church. That's no problem. I'm going to church because I want to hear from God. Give me some real Christians like that and we will make a church to make a revival. [Applause] The most painful thing as a preacher is to see you speak to somebody over and over and they don't respond. That's right. You tell the young people in youth services about this or that and then a week or two later you see them on the road and they don't know you're there and you say, "But what is he wearing? What is what is she wearing? What what are they doing?" And you know what? I'm not the person to judge that. But God is seeing you. Because some of you may not even go out on the street with your foolishness, but God is still seeing. And you're saying, "Lord, give me the Holy Ghost." And God is saying as but over there yesterday. When you stop that foolishness, I got the Holy Ghost for you. But what are you prepared to do to clean your life out if you really want to escape? People say they want to go to the rapture. They want to get delivered. But for the few hours in service on a Sunday or on a Thursday, they can't put those hours together. They can't. They can't prepare. People prepare hours to get to work to be prepared for work. Have to be prepared for work. They can't go to work unprepared. They have a reputation to protect. You don't have a reputation to protect in the kingdom. Didn't brother Brandham teach us that when you are born into the family, God assigns a tutor, which is the Holy Spirit, to monitor your behavior, to see if you are worthy for adoption. And this tutor has one task to follow you around and to take notes on your conduct, on your behavior, on your attitude to your wife, your husband, your children, whatever, and then report back to the father and said, "This son is a good son. He's ready for power." [Applause] Because until you are proven worthy for power, God isn't giving you any power. Amen. Amen. But you want to do what you want and you don't want nobody tell anything. Nobody tell my father never tell me that. What the word is to correct you. Amen. That's what love is. Love is corrective. That's what love is. It's because God loves you. He has these services for you. To bring you into a spot that you and him could be one. You're not here to impress the pastor and impress the believers. It's to impress God. Your service is to God. Your praise is to God. Your worship is to God. Your sacrifice is to God. Can the church say amen? Could we take some more? I'm still in that quote. Who is this? This was a huge page. I didn't have in that quote talking about Jesus coming into Jerusalem. And the religious world looks on, what's the matter with them people? Who is this? What causes this? Or I might say this, what is this? What is this that causes this? If they would only read the scriptures, they'd find out that it's a spirit of Christ promised by God that in the last days, I'll pour out my spirit upon all flesh. And there'll be a latter rain, a reign of the spirit of God falling upon the people in the last days. And he said there will also be a latter rain and a former rain in the same time. Hallelujah. So Jesus came to really set the captives free. Because you remember I said there the four conditions that come out of prison. Anybody remember the plan, the distraction, somebody on the outside and you must be prepared. Amen. Well, there has to be somebody on the outside. Amen. Amen. So in this whole world, we were we were all born in sin and shaped in iniquity. We were all born in sin by default. We were born into prison. But it had to be somebody on the outside. So God said, "You know what? I'm going to send my own son." Hallelujah. Through the system. He's going to come in looking like everybody else. He's going to dress the same way everybody dressed. When they lined up to eat in prison, he's going to line up with them. That's why when he came in front of John, they were like, John recognized him. He said, "But wait a minute. This is not a regular inmate. This is not a regular prisoner. This is He said, "Why don't you baptize me?" But Jesus said, "No, don't let them know who I am just yet." Let everything be fulfilled because it's a plan that's being unfolded. Somebody say, "Amen." And Jesus through this world of a prison went around causing disruption with a pop all over the prison, healing the sick, raising the dead, feeding the [Applause] There was no inmate in the prison like this inmate. The records were obscured. They wasn't sure how he even came in. But they said, "There's something of this image that's different. Let's try to kill this inmate." [Applause] Hallelujah. The people were never so excited about a church service. Now understand this. You may be seated in this prison of this world. The devil operating in the churches. He don't mind you at the church because if the church is in the prison, then you're still in the prison. Amen. [Music] That's why in prison they have maximum security prisons. They are medium. They are low. So as you behave yourself through life, you see all the people say, "Well, I just read my Bible." You know, he in prison I don't even know it. You know, I don't go to church. I just read my Bible. Prison locked up, numbered, name tag, everything. You have those Pentecostals say they are great Pentecostal believer, but they're playing mass. I just prayed to Jesus prison. number 8259-2. We call it what it is. It is what it is. But here it was. Jesus is different. Number 7777. Going through the line just like everybody else. But the Bible says he didn't sin. He sinned not. He was just different. People walking around the candy yard but just you're just doing different things from young. He was just different because he was he had a different purpose. He somebody had to really make it out this prison to be on the outside so that those who come out he can say get into this car. This is the car to glory. You may be seated. We cannot preach about escape unless we really knew somebody made it out. If nobody make it out, what we having this for? Let we hope so. We don't know. Everybody keep trying and nobody made it out. But that's not our situation. [Applause] Can the church say amen? So the devil say kill this inmate. He's causing too much trouble. Not only that, you know, this is where it's really messed up because in prison there are people who don't like you in prison. So the Pharisees in prison too don't like Jesus in prison. So the officials which is the devil and his crew saying kill him. And the Pharisees saying kill him. You see they're in agreement. Not even realizing that all part of God's plan Jesus had to die. [Music] And that great day of Calvary come a day like no other day. the most anticipated day that ever was and ever will be. Hallelujah. As the devil is watching, the Pharisees are watching, Peter, James, John, everybody's watching. And when Jesus said, "It is finished." The devil say, "Well, it's over." The problem in the prison is finally over. And while the devil is celebrating and prison is getting quiet, all of a sudden, you know, the room where they have all these screens to watch what's happening in the prison, the monitor room, there's a knock on the door and Jesus opens that door and they say, "Isn't this the word? Is this the inmate who was dead?" And Jesus come there took the keys of death and hell and walked right out. walked right out. Walked right out of prison. On the way out, he say all Isaiah, all of those who were dead all a long time ago, he passing by. They're like, "That's the one. That's the one I saw. That's the wheel in the middle of the wheel. That's the That's the one who called my name. That's That's the one That's the one." You may be seated. And the alarm bells in that prison started going woo woo woo woo woo because somebody was made again out. Jesus told them destroyed his body and in 3 days I'll raise her back up again. This had never happened before. And you know what it is? We need help to come out of prison. But Jesus need no help for him to come out of that prison because he was God all by himself. Because all that God was, he poured into Christ. And all that Christ, he's poured into the church. And because he lives, we can live also. [Applause] You may be seated. I trust this helped somebody today. No wonder Paul could say, "Death, where is thy sting? Grave, where's thy victory?" Huh? And since that time, since the days of Jesus, the word escape has held a new meaning to the devil because Jesus made what was impossible possible. Hallelujah. And the devil knows that there's a great escape coming because after Jesus, the escapes become different. Amen. You have Paul and Silas locked up in prison and them fellas really they're really scared at the midnight hour because if you're scared at midnight you just you know but at the midnight hour but at night they just begin to worship. They just begin to worship because Jesus was already raised from the dead. What do you got to worry about? They just began to worship in the middle of their trial. They say we worship God. We are locked up but we worship God. And the walls began to tremble and the walls began to shake because you can't lock up the Holy Ghost. You can't lock up You can't lock up an eagle. You can't lock up a true son of God. You may be sealed. They lock Peter in prison. The Bible says, I believe they have chains on both hands because they didn't want to chain one hand. Next thing he tried to use this hand to untick, they chained both hands. Oh yeah. And the angel of the Lord passed through the first guards. They actually had guards outside and inside to make sure that Peter didn't escape. And Peter still escaped. And the devil knows this and he know there's a great escape coming. So I can understand why the devil is mad this morning. Because every time we try to stop the escape, somebody keeps slipping away, running away, breaking away, getting loose, getting free, stepping out, breaking the rules. You may be seated because prison has you keeping with a certain rule of behavior, a certain way you're supposed to dress, a certain way you're supposed to behave. But God is looking for some rule breakers this morning. Who could break the rules? And when you don't feel like worshiping, you worship anyhow. You break the rules. When you're not supposed to sing, you sing anyhow. You break the rules. Is there anybody want to break the rules this morning? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated. Born in sin, shaped in iniquity. The rule says you're supposed to lie. You're supposed to steal. You're supposed to not forgive. You're supposed to do all. But we want to break the rules this morning. We want to forgive. Uh we want to love. Uh we want to worship. Uh we want to sing. We want to live sanctified. We want to take the trash out the house. Uh we want to break the rules. Uh why? Because we want to be free. Free. Free. Free at last. Free at last. Thank God almighty. I'm free at last. [Applause] Could you take some more? Hope I'm not keeping you too long. I know I'm going a little longer than normal. That's all right. But that's all right. So, we're talking about escaping. So, the devil has been nervous since that time. And after that whole period, the devil got so mad, he went after all the Christians. And he started the whole Catholic denomination until God had to break out somebody else. Somebody had to escape. So God had to go into the Catholic church because everybody was Catholic. And he fin have to find a man called Luther who was studying to be a priest because this is all he knew. He all he knew was being a priest. All he knew was being a Catholic. All you do is pay in purgatory and penance and this and that and go to tap and shall say I want you to escape. Everybody else is going down this road, but I want you to turn aside from them. The just shall live by faith. And brother Luther broke out and he started running and he started a revolution and he was not afraid. You see, you can be scared and and want to escape. You know, those slaves that were held as slaves to escape, you got to get rid of the fear of retribution and the dogs and people who coming after you, you know, when they want to escape is listen, I will escape or die, but I'm not staying in prison. I'm not dying in prison. I rather they catch me and hang me on the road to freedom, but I'm getting out. And Luther, he ran. The just shall live by faith. And he started a movement. And then God had to break somebody else out. Hallelujah. Here come Wesley. He grabbed the torch and he escaped. And he preached a message of sanctification. And then when they were looking for another man, God created a a hatch. Hallelujah. A escape hatch. He said, "I'm open up a secret." And the devil would understand. You know, I say you got to do something the devil doesn't understand. And God slipped in the open door, the open door of the Holy Ghost that no man could open and no man could shut. And whoever go through that door was getting free. That's the door the Pentecostal begin to run through and then run through the door into the baptism of the Holy Ghost and speaking in tongues. Somebody with me this morning. Am I preaching to the church this morning? You may be seated. And then after that open hatch, God says, "This is the last act. After this escape, there will be no other escaper tonight." So this has to be played just right. I have to send a specialist, an escape artist with the same spirit that's been here before because the first Elijah, he escaped in a chariot of fire. So this spirit of Elijah, he knows what escaping is all about. Can the church say amen? I'm going to send the spirit of Elijah. Same spirit on a 20th century prophet and that prophet will point to that open door. He will make sure that door everybody could see it. Who is supposed to see it? Everybody with me this morning? Oh, I'm having a revival. I don't know about you. I'm in a revival. I could preach to myself right now. If you got to go, you could go. I'll be here for a while because I'm in revival. I'm getting ready to get out of here. I see my escape hatch. I see the Holy Ghost in front of me and I'm about to dash into it. You may be seated friends. When you escaping sometime it's close, you know. But I tell you this, if you're escaping and the car that's waiting for you is right there and the guards are coming right here. It don't matter how many guards coming. All you got to do is make it to the car before they reach you. And that's how I feel this morning. I'm looking behind and I see the enemy trying to get me. But I see my car waiting for me. And I the world's fastest runner. He ain't got nothing on me this morning. I'm running for my life. You may be seated. All I want to do is make it to that car. Brother, I've been working out a long time. When you want to escape, when you're in the cell, Brother Clarence, you got to be doing some push-ups. When nobody's watching, you got to do pull-ups on the side of your bed. You got to do sit-ups next to your bunk because you getting ready to get out of here. You can't be like everybody else. You will get up in the morning like everybody else, but there's a song in your heart because you got escaping on your mind. You got leaving on your mind. When everybody else singing poor me, nobody knows the trouble I see. There are times for that song. Not this time. This is not the time for the trouble I see because the trouble is about to be over. I'm getting out of here. When everybody else singing nobody know the trouble I see you like no more. Why you happy? Breakfast is coming. I'm happy. No more. No more. Hallelujah. Oh, we having church this morning. Are you in revival? Are you getting excited about Jesus? You may be seated. And listen, when the devil call you for medication, don't take it. When he calls you for No, no. This No, I'm not telling you go against your doctor's advice. Now, this is a different example. Amen. The enemy has something called pill line prison. They got something called a pill line. If you're too sad, they lift you up. If you're too high, they bring you down. But they want to keep you just and now in between that lukewarm, either you're hot or cold, they want to put you right in between. But when you want to break out, you got to be alert because you got to watch and pray. So you're going to have to skip the medic. Even if they give you, you just put it on your tongue and take it back out. The stuff you're learning this morning, priceless, because we're getting ready to escape. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated, brother Isaac. This is a different kind of service this morning. Yes. Because we breaking out. This is not about church. This is about escape. This is not about headstone tabernacle. This is about rapture. This is hey this is about me and my house because you got to be ready so that you can grab your son, grab your daughter and say listen let's go now come run [Applause] great escape. Now you see me, now you don't. That's how it's going to be. Now you see me, now you don't. And the devil be looking for you. He says sound the alarm. Somebody's missing. Somebody's missing. It's going to be too late. I'm already gone. I'm already out of here. Now you see me. Now you don't. [Applause] How many love the Lord this morning? I pray something stirs in your heart. But the Ber said, "You got to do something for something to happen. You can't keep doing the same thing in the same routine, the same routine, and expect a change. You got to do something more. Give a little more, pray a little more, fast a little more, read a little more, call somebody else a bit more, get excited a little more." Listen, I always telling people, people take vacation from work, which is good. The Lord rested on the seventh day. That's fine. But people take vacation to do all kind of stuff. I haven't heard a young person tell me, I take a vacation to fast and pray. Somebody heard that for the first time. They never thought of that. Take a vacation to consecrate to the Lord. Hallelujah. Take a vacation for the Lord. Amen. You you don't go to work for no other reason than you want to spend time praying. Spend time fasting because you have a need. Amen. And you want to make sure that when that alarm sounds, when you see the light flash seven times to signal the escape, you're not sleeping on the job. You got to be so prepared. And when that sign comes, you don't have this to do and this attachment so that you can't move fast. You have to be able to move fast. Can the church say amen? Amen. Boy, brother George, I keep getting pulled all over the place. So God allowed brother Brandham to come as a specialist. Amen. To make sure that this escape plan happens just the right way. In the message, what is the Holy Ghost? But the Bible said the body of Christ is one spirit where every member from Pentecost at this time drinks of the same new wine, the same Holy Ghost bringing forth the same results. How do we do it? By one spirit. It's God's open door, the Holy Spirit. What is it? It's God's open door. It's a sign. It's a seal. It's a comforter. It's an advocate. It's an assurance. It's rest. It's peace. It's goodness. It's healing. It's life. It's God's open door to all these things. Amen. It's God's open door to Christ which has God proved he raised up Jesus from the dead and those that are dead in Christ will God bring with him at the resurrection. Amen. Amen. So, Brother Brandham's ministry was to ensure that the secret was in you, which is the word to know the plan for escape. Amen. There has always been this rumor that a group would escape. Satan doesn't know when. Satan doesn't know how. Satan doesn't know who. Because if he knew, he could do great damage. So, Satan had only one option, to infiltrate the church. Yes. To try to figure out the escape plan. And all along, God had a way to make sure that nothing could stop his plan of escape. And to do that, God had to make sure that you received the Holy Ghost. In the message question and answers, and I'm getting ready to close, before there was a world, you were in God's thoughts to give you the Holy Ghost because he knew you'd be wanting it. And he chose you himself because you desired. He chose you in Christ before you or Jesus any of you was on the earth. And he sent Jesus to die to prepare the way to send the Holy Ghost to bring you to himself. This is the church. So I'm I'm at home. This is brother Brandon speaking. He said this is the church. So I'm at home now. See, he said this is so rich to me to think. Listen, it's not what I wanted. It wasn't my desire. It wasn't my will. It wasn't my choosing. I had not one thing to do with it. But before the world ever started, God saw us and put our name on the Lamb's Book of Life before there even was a world. Talk about God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. From a message on certain Psalm, but the Bible say like Rebecca who watered the camel, the very camel that she watered, she rode on it to meet her husband. Yes, sir. The very God that we preach about, the very word which is God, the very God that's in the word will rise up someday. Amen. by the baptism of Holy Ghost and our critics will be killed by the same power that raises you to glory. That's a serious quote. Oh my, rise up and ride on it. So you that are sick, don't disbelieve God. God will heal you. And the devil cannot stop what's about to happen. He couldn't stop Moses. He couldn't stop Joseph. He couldn't stop Jesus. He couldn't stop Paul. He tried to stop you from coming to church this morning. But you are here this morning. Yes, sir. And he can't stop you from getting the Holy Ghost. And he can't stop you from the rapture. Just a few more quotes and I'm done. I'm not going to be able to finish so much time. Just Amen. I don't know yet. Listen to this quote. That's what's the evidence is from the law having a shadow. That's what the evidence is, brother. You have passed from death unto life. and all the things that you once done passed away because the life of Jesus Christ has put the Holy Spirit into controlling a new creature and once purge has no more desire of sin as long as you live on earth. Hallelujah. So listen to brother Bam. So if you are constantly weak and falling up and down remember you might have a mental acceptation or mental acceptance of it but never an experience of being born again. When meekness, gentleness, and patience takes the place of this mental theology. Oh, you say, "Listen here, Mr. Brandom. I study the Bible. Our pastor or so forth, I take Bible lesson." He said, "The devil has to." That's right. You know, he knows more about it than you'll ever know. That's right. But there's one thing. He can't get the Holy Ghost. You can. That's right. So, as long he can't get to you, for you are dead. Your life is hidden God and sealed by the Holy Ghost. Can the church say amen? Hallelujah. Glory to God. Listen to this. Brother Brandham said the only way the devil could ever get to you, he'd have to come through the same washing that you come through and receive the same spirit you did. Then he'd be your brother. But he can't do it. So he can't get to you. What are you saying with Isaac? The devil is only bluffing this morning because he's not your brother. He can't fellowship with you. He can't get to you. You come from God and you're going back to God. I'm getting ready to close out from a message making a valley full of ditches. Brother Brandham said, "The only way you're ever going to see your way out, the only way you're ever going to escape is an old-fashioned spiritual revival." Where the hallelujah of God is ringing from the bottom of your heart. An oldfashioned Holy Ghost send revival hits the place. Then you begin to see things. Then God will begin to reveal things. Then you'll wonder why these real Christians are hanging on while they are praying for you. That's what we need in the church now. A real revival. Can the church say amen? Amen. Amen. Glory. Now this is the description of the ones that will escape from me touch of a perfect man. Brother man said lust for money, lust for big things, lust for popularity. These things are dead to the believer. Hallelujah. We don't care. A tent or a cottage. Why should I care? live or die, sink or drown, this is the thing that I'm interested in, the kingdom of God. Whether I m I maintain my home, whether I maintain my family, whether I maintain whatever it is, let me maintain Christ, the hope of glory. Build me up, oh Lord, into this. Let Christ be my head. Let working through me on my foundation of my faith that's in him. Let virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, and brotherly kindness work in me, oh Lord, is my prayer. I don't care live or die, sink or drown, denomination, no denomination, friend or no friend, let that work in me. Let Christ's virtue, his knowledge flow out that I might be able to teach those. Can the church say amen? Hallelujah. How many love the Lord this morning? The musicians are getting ready to come up. So friends, all these years, God has been waiting for the right season, for the right people. Amen. For the greatest prison break the world has ever witnessed. The rapture is about to take place. An escape for those that sigh and cry. An escape for those that fast and pray. An escape for those that separate from the world. Those that want the Holy Ghost. Those that want to be adopted. escape for those who want to be perfect. Nothing will touch this bride. But the B says Satan will be powerless to stop her. And the angel of the Lord is on the earth now. Messiah is on the earth now. Hallelujah. Messiah was with the prophet. He's been here with the prophet. And when the prophet went, Messiah is still on the earth. Hallelujah. Fell upon you. The Holy Spirit came upon you to reproduce the grain, the life. Hallelujah. He has never left you. He will never leave you. He will never forsake you. He will be with you in your trials. He will take you through every trial. There is no trial, praise God, that is too great. No trial can overcome you. There is a way of escape this morning. If you are weighed down by trials this morning, it's a sign that you are elect from God. Can the church say amen? The devil is trying to stop you, but he cannot do it. You will overcome. Can the church say amen? Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You could begin to play something softly in uniting time and sign. But the man said, "God is uniting his bride." Yes, sir. She is coming together from the east and the west and the north and the south. There is a uniting time that's on right now. What is she uniting for? The rapture. Amen. God's getting ready. Yes, sir. Uniting. What is she uniting with? with the word for all heavens and earth will pass away but my word shall never pass away. She's uniting herself with thus sayeth the Lord regardless of what any denomination or anybody else says. She's uniting herself. She's getting ready. Why? She is the bride. That's right. She's united herself with the bridegroom. She and the bridegroom is the word. Can the church say amen? And I want to end with just one scripture. Praise God. Amen. And you could, you don't have to stand, but you could look at it. It's first Thessalonians 5. And I'll end with this scripture. [Music] 1 Thessalonians 5, Paul's letter to the Thessalonians. And Paul is saying, and this is to encourage you, friends, but of the times and the seasons, brethren, ye have no need that I write unto you. In other words, I don't need to tell you about the times in the season because you know what hour we're in. For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh as a thief in the night. For when they shall say peace and safety, then sudden destruction cometh upon them, as travail upon a woman with child, and they shall not escape. Friends, after the bride leaves, there is no more escape. But ye bron and not in darkness, that that day should overtake you as a thief. Ye are all the children of light and the children of the day. We are not of the night, nor of darkness. Therefore, let us not sleep as do others, but let us watch and be sober. For they that sleep, sleep in the night, and they that are they that be drunken are drunken in the night. But let us who are of the day be sober, putting on the breastplate of faith and love, and for a helmet to hope of salvation. For God had not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ, who died for us, that whether we wake or sleep, we should live together with him. Wherefore comfort yourselves together, and edify one another, even as also ye do. And we beseech you, brethren, to know them which labor among you, and that are over you in the Lord, and admonish you, and to esteem them very highly in love for their work's sake, and be at peace among yourselves. Now we exalt you, brethren, and warn them that are unruly, those that cannot behave. Comfort the feeble-minded. Support the weak. Be patient toward all men. See that none render evil for evil unto any man. Not those in the church, to any man. See that none render evil for evil unto any man. But ever follow that which is good both among yourselves and to all men. Then Paul begins to preach. He says, "Rejoice ever more. Hallelujah. Pray without ceasing. In everything give thanks, for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you. Quench not the spirit. Despise not prophesyings. Prove all things. Hold fast that which is good. Abstain from all appearance of evil. And the very God of peace sanctify you holy. And I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless until the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. Faithful is he that calleth you, who also will do it. Brethren, pray for us. Greet all the brethren with an holy kiss. I charge you by the Lord that this epistle be read unto all the holy brethren. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Hallelujah. Amen. May the Lord bless you. Let us all stand to our feet. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Give the Lord praise this evening. Hallelujah. Amen. Give the Lord praise this evening. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come on, give him praise. Oh, the Holy Spirit is here this evening. My my my my. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes. Softly and tenderly Jesus is calling, calling for you and for me. [Music] will see on the portals. He's waiting and watching, watching for you, for me. Oh, this morning. Come home. Come home. Ye who are weary come oh earestly tenderly Jesus is calling. Oh sinner come home. Time is now fleeting. The moments are passing. Time is now fleeting. The moments are passing from you and from me. Passing from you and from me. Shadows are gathering. Death's night is coming. Shadows are gathering. Death's night is coming. Oh, coming for you and for me. Oh, come home. Come home. Come home. Come home. Home. Oh ye who are we wearing come oh [Music] earnestly tender. Jesus is calling. Oh sinner come home. Oh, right now just lift your hands up right where you are. You make your altar right where you are this morning. This is between you and God. Oh, how many want to escape this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many want to escape this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Our ministry was ministered to you abundantly. Oh, hallelujah. entrance was ministered to you abundantly today. Won't you escape today? How many you want to run away this morning? How many want to run away to glory this morning? There's a place home in glory for you this morning. Brother Brandham saw it. The saints of old saw it. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just as sure as we're standing here in this room tonight. There's a new Jerusalem, a holy city. Oh, there's a rapture this morning. Oh, hallelujah. There's a place Jesus said, "I go to pray a place for you that where I am, there you may be also." Oh, how many want to go to that place this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Lift your hands up right now. You make your altar right where you are. This is between you and God this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, how you get right with God this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. If you feel like you heard the word this morning and and something pricricked your heart this morning, you feel like you want to escape this morning, you feel like you want to run away this morning, run away to Jesus this morning, his arms are open to you this morning. If you'd only be willing to run, turn aside. Hallelujah. He said, "If my people shall humble themselves and pray and turn aside from their wicked ways, oh hallelujah, they'll hear from heaven. He'd forgive their sins. He'd heal their land. He promised to do it. Friends, won't you turn aside today? Oh, how many want to escape today? How many want to run away to Jesus? Oh, his arms are open wide this morning. He'll welcome you inside this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's one here at the altar this morning. There's one here at the altar that wants to escape this morning. Is there anyone else who wants to escape? Oh, hallelujah. Is anyone else who wants to run away to Jesus this morning? I feel his Holy Spirit here. He's calling souls this morning. Friends, you don't know if this is your last Sunday service. What if it is? Then what is your soul's condition this morning? Who will you be when you leave this this house of God this morning? Don't take it a chance. Oh honey, if you feel that tug in your heart, you want to make things right. You want to make it right before the Lord, that's okay. You can come. The altar is open. It's free this morning for whosoever will, they could come. I see a sister here. God bless you. Is there anyone else who want to come? There's a young man here, God bless you. Hallelujah. May God be with you. Amen. There's another one here. There's another one coming. God bless you. Amen. Hallelujah. As they come. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, these are the dying moments of the world, friends. The closing curtain on the world this morning. The last act. Oh, God. Before the terrible plague strike. Oh, hallelujah. Brother Brandon was shaking. He was shaking when he saw that vision of Los Angeles going down into the earth. He said, "Friends, make your call in an election show." He said, "I'm shaking, friends." Oh, God, my daughter, my children, we cried out for them. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Steal away. [Music] Steal away. Oh, still [Music] to Jesus. Why don't you steal away? Oh, it's real this morning, friend. It's real. It's real. Steal away. Oh. [Music] I don't have long to stay. [Music] Wherever you are right now, lift up your hands and worship him this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Say, Jesus, I want to steal away this morning. I want to steal away from this world this morning. I'm tired. I'm weary. I don't know what to do. I don't know where to go. Oh God, won't you take me, Lord? Father, take me by the hand this morning. Oh God, I need a Holy Ghost this morning. I need a personal experience this morning. I need to meet you. Oh God, I've heard about you. I've heard preachers come and preach the word, but I don't know you, Lord. I want to know you, Lord. I want to know you, Jesus. I want you to search the reigns of my heart right now. Oh, hallelujah. Help me, Lord. Help me to change, Lord. I want to be changed. Fill me, Lord. I want to be filled. Heal me, Lord. I want to be healed in my spirit, in my soul. There's something vibrating. There's something crying out to be free. Oh, hallelujah. How is that desire? Oh, hallelujah. It's a deep call into our deep this morning. Oh, hallelujah. It won't be satisfied. You want to be free. You want to escape. Escape this world. Escape the lust of the flesh. Escape the lust of the eyes. Escape the pride of life. Hallelujah. Escape yourself. Oh my. Oh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Praise God. Amen. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus praise every time. Oh Jesus praise right now. Right now. every pattern [Music] for he set me free. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. I am now. Oh, on the altar. I am now on [Music] the altar. I am not. Who are ye the altar [Music] for ye which was made for you. [Music] I will shout hallelujah. Yes. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. He's breaking this morning. He's breaking this morning. Break free this morning. Break free this morning. Break free this morning. If you want to go free this morning, I challenge you this morning. Break free this morning. Break free this morning. Break free this morning. Break free this morning. Break free this morning. Break free this morning. Break free this morning. Break free right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. right now. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, a angel is passing by. He's touching individuals. Reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. The angel with the swept back wings. He has your name in that book. He wants to call your name this morning by fire. By fire. By fire. So that you can escape. Oh hallelujah. Oh yes. Oh give the Lord praise now. Give the Lord praise right now. Right now where you are. You just praise him right now where you are. You just praise him. You right now where you are, you just shout. Give God a shout. When I pick you to shout, you shout this morning and let the walls fall down. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give God a shout of praise. Give God a shout of praise. Give God a shout of praise this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Father, we thank you. Oh, Father, we praise you. We praise you. We praise you this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. We praise you this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, we thank you, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Turn around. Greet your brother. Turn on greet your sister. [Music] I will praise him. Oh, and I will praise him. Praise him. Praise the Lord. Send us. [Music] Ooh. Give him glory. [Music] Give him glory all day. Oh, give him glory this morning. Oh, for his blood has a we take. Oh, I will free. Ooh, praise him. I will praise him for praise God for us. [Music] Give him glory. We had to give him glory this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God in the highest. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, for his blood. Oh, you just praise the Lord right now. Glory. The sound.
