################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2015-10-11 - We Shall Reign On The Earth - Bro. Theo Ovid, Enugu Nigeria - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2015-10-11
Title:   We Shall Reign On The Earth - Bro. Theo Ovid, Enugu Nigeria
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qq5udOtnzfc
========================================

We walking in the light of God. We walk in the light. We walk in the light. We walk. Oh, in the light. We're walking in the light of Walk. Walk. Walk. Walk. Walking in the light. Walk. Walk. Walk. Walk. Walking in the light. Walking in the light of God. Just a brothers. We walk in the light. We walk in the light. We walk in the light. We walk. [Music] Now all the sisters we walk. That's good. Sisters, keep [Music] walking. All the brothers, one more time. We walk. Come on. In that light. Isn't it a beautiful light? The gospel light is shining. Jesus is the light of the world. Walking in the light of God. Everybody, we walk, walk, walk, walk, walk, walk, walk, walking in the light. Keep walking, walking in the light. Oh, walking in the light of final time. Oh, keep walking in that light. Oh, keep walking. Oh, in that light. I keep walking in that light. Oh, we're walking in the light. I feel so good. I'm walking in his light. I'm walking. Oh, in his light. I'm walking in his light. That is the last time we walk. We walk together in his light. We're walking in his light. We're walking in his light. Walking in his glorious light. Are you happy to be walking in the light of the word? In the light of Jesus Christ who has mercy and his truth endurth to all generations. That is a blessing. And I love what brother Olu said. The joy of the Lord is my strength. Spoke to my heart too. And we have so many good things to think about. The Lord Jesus Christ. He is our light. Amen. He is our everything. Certainly. Would you give us a key for holy? Holy is the Lord. [Music] Holy, you are holy. King of kings. King of kings. Lord of lords. I want to sing that song before we read a scripture. Holy Lord Jesus. You are holy. The king of kings and lord of lords. You are [Music] holy. You are holy. You alone are holy. Our king of kings and lord of lords. I worship you. You're righteous. You are rightuous. You are righteous, my king of kings and lord of lords. You are rightuous. You are rightous. Oh, you are rightuous. You're the king of kings and lord of lords. I worship you. You're worthy. Just a people now sing. You are worthy. You're worthy. You are worthy. Lord Jesus Christ, King of Kings and Lord of Lords. You are [Music] worthy. You alone are worthy. You are worthy. A king, a king of kings and lord of lords. I worship you. Holy, holy is it your lord. You are holy. You are holy. The King of Kings and my Lord of Lords. You are holy. You are holy. Oh, you are [Music] holy. Oh, King of Kings and Lord of Lords. I worship you. Let's express our love to him for a few moments. Thank you heavenly father for your love Jesus. Lord Jesus thank you Lord for your grace Lord Jesus. We love you Jesus. Thank you for being slain Lord. Thank you for being wounded. Lord thank you that you took our transgressions that you took our iniquities. Lord we thank you Jesus Christ. We love you Lord Jesus. We just want to thank you Lord Jesus. We want to thank you Lord Father. You took our place and we want to thank you Lord Jesus. We want to tell you that we love you Lord Jesus. You are our Lord. Lord, you are our everything Lord. You are our healing. You are our deliverance. You are our joy. You are our everpresent Lord. We love you Jesus. Father, may you bless the service tonight Lord. May your anointing be here. May your Holy Spirit be here. May there be refilling after refilling, Lord. Father, may your Holy Spirit come down upon your young people, upon the children, Lord. Father, may the sick be healed. May the the the wounded be, Lord, the broken up, Lord. May they be uplifted, Lord. Oh God, one of these days a man 66 years in a wheelchair and come by his side. A prophecy was fulfilled and he was healed. May we Lord receive our complete healing. Lord, may the body of Christ receive deliverance, receive healing tonight. Father, I'm another man 38 years. 38 years he was sick, Lord, but you come by his way and he was healed. Another woman at the well, many years lost in the world. Six husbands, but you come by and you change the whole situation. Father, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ, that you may change the whole situation tonight, Lord, and you come by and take a step into this building, Lord, and meet our every need, Lord. That the sick would be free, that the sick would be delivered. Lord, we ask for your blessing, Lord. Father, whatever would be spoken, Lord. Would you bless the specials, Lord? Would you bless the ministers that would be ministering, Lord, that they would be ministering the word according to your word, Lord? you would open their mouths and shut their mouths, Lord, and it would be all to your glory, Father, when we come to the end of the service, Lord. Father, when the ministers will be laying hands upon the people, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ, Lord, you said they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover, that there'll be many recover and will not forget, Lord, to encourage one another, that you will come and comfort one another, that we'll see us one one of these days again. Father, we want to be careful and get ready for your coming in this service. That's the reason of this meeting to get ready to meet you again. Lord, we love you and we have one request Lord that you would come Lord and we would be in your presence. Your presence makes all the difference. That's my heart's desire Lord. I just want to be in your presence that you are here Lord and by your word you said that you would be here where 203 are gathered. You said it, Lord, and we believe it, Lord. We stand upon your word and we pray you'd bless this service in Jesus name. Lord, give us strength, Lord, in our tired, weary bodies, Lord. We don't want to miss the service, Lord. But after all has been said and done, Lord, it's you, Jesus Christ. And we want to be careful to give you alone all the glory, all the praise, and tell you how much we love you, how much we thank you for your grace, and how much we thank you for your mercy, and thank you for your presence even right now. We recognize that you're here, Father. We believe. We thank you for what you're doing tonight. We we thank you in advance and we praise your holy name Jesus name. Amen. Why don't you turn around, greet your brother and sister, welcome them to the evening service. These are the specials. Okay, just one special. We have praises and prayer requests. Um just just [Music] pray in your presence. In your presence that's where I belong. Amen. Just share this quickly with you. There was a service we had Easter and I was talking to the Lord. Lord, help me not to do a mistake. Sometimes the anointing is so strong in a service and you just [Music] want to receive what the Lord has for you. I prayed, Lord, how can I what do I need to do? And just something in my heart spoke to me. If I can recognize that he's here, Jesus Christ, then everything's going to be well. And I pray that's what we've come to meet here tonight is Jesus Christ. To be in his presence, that's what matters. Then everything's going to be okay. And he's going to fulfill his word certainly in our midst. Do you believe that? Do you love him? Amen. I just want to sing that song. In your presence, that is where I belong. In your presence, Lord, that's where I belong. In your presence and that's where I am strong. Seeking your face. I'm seeking your face. touching your grace in the cliff of that [Music] rock. In the cliff of the rock, hide me, Jesus Christ. Oh, in your presence, oh God, in your [Music] presence. Oh, that's where I belong. In your presence. Oh Lord, you want healing. Healing is there in his presence. Whatever you need, you can receive it [Music] tonight. But you have to ask him. And that's the time to ask [Music] him in the cliff of the rock. Oh, in your presence, oh God. You can just play softly. Amen. And if the deacons and nurses can come also for the offering just to keep it short, preserve your time if they could already make their way up. We're going to pray then after we've read the word and also pray for the offering together. I want you to take Psalms 103 and it's the prayer line tonight. Amen. God is obligated to meet us on the basis of the word. And it says, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and forget not all of his benefits. Who forgiveth all thine iniquities, who health all thy diseases, who redeemth thy life from destruction, and who groundeth thee with love and kindness and tender mercies. Who satisfyth thy mouth with good things so that thy youth is renewed like the eagles. And we'll be reading together verse three again. who forgiveth all thine iniquities, and who health all thy diseases. God bless you. If you could come for the offering collection. Thank you, Jesus. If we only knew what God wants to do tonight and enter in, I'm sure he will do something special tonight. Let us bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, once again we come before your throne of mercy. Thank you that you forgive us all of our iniquities. That's a good good foundation Lord to come to this approach this prayer line and that you heal all of our diseases. We ask the blessing upon this offering. Bless the people that can give, those that cannot give. May you use it for your glory alone in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You actually can take a seat, get some strength. Amen. Just want to take this opportunity also to thank you all for your kindness. It's such a privilege to be with you in fellowship. And I believe that there's a portion of the bride of Jesus Christ here gathered in this tent. And it's our blessing for my dad and myself to be here. Amen. Already on this side of the river. We believe we're going to see us again on the other side of the river. How good it is already to meet here together. Certainly we want to show you that we love you. Amen. As the sister Lily Ako Joey would make her way to the front for the for the special of tonight, we have one special. Let's sing a song. Let's talk about Jesus. That was amazing. Brother Bam says when you talk about him, he draws nigh. Yeah, let's talk about Jesus, the King of Kings. Is he the Lord of the Lord supreme throughout [Music] eternity more and more sing about Jesus let's sing about Jesus oh the king of kings I See, oh the great I am, the way, the truth, the life, the door, the truth, the life, the door. Oh, let's talk about Jesus more. And let's clap our hands, hear the musicians. [Music] the great I am. Whatever you need is in him. More and [Laughter] more. It's a beautiful song special. Sister Lily Akojobi is going to be singing about the alabaster box and she's obviously from brother Charles Akujobi's church anointed bride of Christ Assembly. Thank you. Such a beautiful fitting song for tonight. [Music] Thank you. [Music] The room grew still as she made her way to Jesus. She stumbled through the tears that made her life. [Music] She felt such pain, some spoken anger, heard folks whisper, "There's no place here for her kind." Still on she came through the shame that flushed the face until at last she knelt before his feet. And though she spoke no words, everything she said was heard. as she bought her love for the master from her cup of alabaster. And I've come to pour my praise on him like all from Mary's alabaster [Music] box. Don't be angry if I wash his feet with my tears. tears and I dry them with my head. Oh, you were in there. The night he found me, you did not feel what I felt when he wrapped his loving arms around me. And you don't know the cost of the oil in my alabaster. [Music] I can't forget the way life used to be. I was a prisoner to the sins that had me bound. I spent my days pouring my life without measure into a little treasure box. I thought I had found. Oh, until the day when my Jesus came to me and he healed my soul with a wonder of his touch. And now I'm giving back to him. All the praise he's worthy of. I've been forgi and that's why I love him so much. I've come to pour my praise on him like all from Mary's alabaster. [Music] Oh, won't be angry if I wash his feet with my tears and I dry them with my hair. Cuz you were in there the night my Jesus found me. You did not feel what I felt when he wrapped his loving arms around me. And you don't know the cause of the oil. [Music] No, you don't know the cost of my praise. You don't know the cost of your in my pest box. Thank you so [Music] much. There's one thing this woman had. It was love to Jesus Christ. Thank you very much, Sister Lily, for that beautiful [Applause] song. Down from his glory, ever living story. Oh, how I love him. You love him tonight. Oh, how Oh, how I love him. How I adore. Just lift your hands and make love to him tonight. Wash his feet. My breath, my sun. Lord Jesus. You're my all in all. When I'm alone, the great creator. Oh, he became my savior and all God's [Music] fullness dwelling in him. If you know the hymn, then sing it loud. Down from his glory. Down from all his glory. [Music] Glory ever [Music] living [Music] story. That's the redemption story. My [Music] savior. Savior came and Jesus was his name and Jesus was his name. Born in a [Music] manger to his own strangeanger. A man of sorrows, tears, and agony. A man of sorrows, tears, and agony. Sing your love to him now. Jesus Christ. Oh, how I love him. How we love you, Jesus. How I adore [Music] Lord, you my all and all. Hallelujah. The great creatator. He's my savior. He became my savior. Saveior your savior [Music] all in him. What condenses bringing us redemption? What condensation? [Music] So beautiful. His love bringing us [Music] redemption. That in the dead of night that in the dead of night, not one faint hope inside, not one faint hope. You may be in that situation tonight. God gracious tender laid aside his splendor. Laid aside his splendoping to woo to win to save my soul. do to win and to save our souls. Oh, how we love him. Oh, how we love you, Lord Jesus. How we adore you. Our breath, our breath, and our [Music] sun. Okay. [Music] Oh, the great creator and he became my savior and all god's fullness. [Music] dwell in him. Just this final verse without reluctance flesh and blood his substance without [Music] reluctance just bathe in his presence. Flesh and blood his [Music] substance. He took the form of man. He took the form of man, revealed the hidden plan. Revealed the hidden plan. Oh, glorious [Music] mystery, sacrifice of Calvary. [Music] And now I know I am thou the great I [Music] am. Sing that last line again. And now I know thou were the great I am. And now I know the word the great I with everything that's in us. Let's tell him our love to him. Oh how I love him. Oh, how I adore [Applause] him. Oh my breath, my sunshine. Oh Lord, you're my all in all and you're the great creator. [Music] You became my savior and all God's [Music] fullness dwell in him just without the music. Let's sing it. Oh, how I love him. How I adore great my song, my all in all. A great [Music] [Music] creator and all fullness. ness all dwell lord we thank you we praise you we glorify your holy name that great creator become my savior oh blessed be the name of the lord thank you Jesus Lord halle with joy to know you put your salvation on calvary to glory and honor be to your name we ask Lord thank you father you appreciate him tonight. Oh, blessed be welcome this morning for the messages to God be the glory. So we ask stories for thanksgiving a lot of praise and prayer request. Amen. from here from Dan Wo. Thank you. Excuse me. Sorry. [Music] Thank for the prince of God in this convention of his anointed servant he used. Thank him for all the wonderful tenid among us. May your name be praised. He's appreciate the [Music] root. I don't want to hear from uh this is all a lot of praise. Now let's bow our heads as we go the throne of grace this night. [Music] It's a prayer request tabernacle ni for God's strength and anointing more on his faithful servants. Pray that God will keep us in remembrance of these things and act upon them out. Oh [Music] man. Also hear from Joseph [Music] name. He say I'm asking God to give me the path is not the Holy Ghost. I know his man able as you pray. [Music] also for brother and family. He say for divine vistation of the baptis of the Holy Ghost and healing and financial breakthrough. Please my neighbor from Bana for God's [Music] healing. Okay, this song is this thank is thanking God for healing him of for healing me of all of wast pain and I said amen to John Adam I couldn't get this thing right I don't have my address that's thank giving from is thanking God for west pain that God heal him from west pain let's go to town of grace tonight as we bow our heads before divine presence is this inspiring prayer request. Children of God asking for the baptism of the Holy Spirit. But Joseph Ruth also asking for strength to his servants. [Music] Oh gracious heavenly father Lord we are conscious of your presence in this convention so far Lord you can do anything nothing is too hard for you Lord he's your children asking for the baptism of the Holy Spirit and that's the reason why this meeting is called we pray father may you feed your daughter with your divine presence the Holy Spirit which is the ene without that we can't be in the first resurrection. Lord visit your daughter tonight with the mighty upon the holy spirit upon his life is our prayer Lord Jesus. Oh dear lamb of God, we pray also Lord Jesus for the strength to your servants Lord that have gone before those coming. May the power of Holy Spirit come down tonight Lord as all these prayer requests before the th of mercy. Oh king of glory Lord we are gather as a believing children purchase of your blood Lord Jesus tonight is a final push. Oh lamb of God, once more Lord, we know that's a possibility. May sea be healed tonight. Lord, as our son does speak the word tonight, may the power of God drop down and take control just as father in day of Pentecost. Why Peter here speak this word? The power of God rain down. Lord it be tonight that when this service end we be like them working emos saying they not have bidden us as he uses all on the way. Jesus unto thee we leave all these prayer requests Lord Jesus may turn a testimony at the end of your service that we're going home tomorrow we'll be testifying about your goodness and mercy. Oh lamb of God, we know, Father, that we can never be the same at the end of this convention. And may we have the testimony tomorrow morning as we drive back to our respective places, Lord, that we have been with Jesus is our prayer tonight. Lord, bless this evening service. Let the power of God come down. Ministers coming forth, Lord. May the power of God rain down. Oh lamb of God, our heart is under expectation tonight believing that you made a promise and a man able to feel the promise. Father, come down in this prayer line tonight and take control that the end all glory and honor be. We ask we thank you in Jesus precious holy name. Do you believe the blood of Jesus Christ still has the same power today for you? I know it was the blood. Let's sing that song together. Why don't you turn around, greet your brother and sister? There's a few more people come in. Welcome to the evening service. And we're almost ready. Well, I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. Well, I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, Jesus died upon the cross. I know it was the blood for me. Sister [Music] singing louder. That's okay. [Music] Brothers, one day when I was lost, Jesus died upon the cross. Well, I know it was the blood for and the good news, he's coming back. He's coming back again. Everybody coming back again. He's coming back again for me. One day when I was lost, Jesus died upon that cross. Isn't that glorious? We're going to see it [Music] again. You know the scripture says, "Comfort one another with these words. The dead in Christ shall rise. And we, if we're still alive, we shall not hinder him, but we'll meet Jesus Christ in air. He's coming back again. Oh, he's coming back again for me. Oh, one day when I was lost, Jesus died upon the cross and coming back again for me. Just keep playing softly, brother. Many times he says everything is ready. Many times it's only the coming of the Lord and really the Lord has already started to appear. But also one time he says, "Everything is ready but the readiness of the bride." And we've come here tonight under this tent to get ready to leave. Amen. Are you making yourself ready? Brother Brandham, I think very late in his ministry, just before he went home, he was healed. Maybe your healing is tonight. We want to be ready. God is coming for a perfect bride. And his blood is already perfect for a perfect people. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. Oh dear. [Music] He's coming back again. He's coming back again. I thank you, Jesus. [Music] Oh, one day when I was lost, he died upon that cross. He's coming back again for me. One last time. He's coming back. He's coming back for you. And he's coming back for you. He's coming back for you. [Music] Oh, one day when I was lost, Jesus died upon the cross. And I know he's coming back. I know it's the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. And one day when I was lost, Jesus died upon the cross. I know it was the blood [Music] fall. Amen. Blessed be his holy name. Hallelujah. Glory be to Jesus Christ. Let's give him a hand of praise and glen. Worship him a while. The lamb of God is worthy to be praised. Amen. Let's take a moment and just worship [Music] him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Are we ready? Amen. It's a tremendous time to be living in. Amen. As we would call brother Charles to come to introduce the minister tonight. Amen. Why don't we sing one time through? Whatever you need tonight, God has got it. Amen. [Music] Whatever you need. [Music] God's got [Music] it. Whatever you need. God's got it. Whatever you [Music] need, God's got it. He's got it and he wants to give it to you. As he comes with the song, I love I love you. Sorry about that. I love you. I love you. I love him. That's right. I love him because he first loved me and purchased my salvation. [Music] Lift up your hands and close your eyes. Let's sing it again. I love you. [Music] I love you. Be kind. You first. Love me. [Music] [Applause] for my [Music] son. Oh God, praise sweet Jesus is the sweetest name I know. Oh Jesus is the sweetest name I know. He's always just the same. I will praise his holy name. You know that is the reason why I love him [Music] so my Jesus is the sweetest name I know. [Music] Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Once again, I want to thank everyone that have come to honor this invitation. the Bri Unity 700 Revival Convention 2015 here in Nugu City. On behalf of my wife, my family, my church, I want to thank each and every one of you for your great and wonderful [Applause] support. Amen. I want to thank all the whole ministers that have so far ministered and those that testified, those that read the prayer request. I want to say thank you very much. [Applause] I want to thank the brain churches that sang, the singers and the musicians from different churches that supported with the gift God has given to them. May God richly bless you. I also want to thank so many of you that also made your contributions. Nobody asked you to do your supported through your prayers financially and physically. I want to tell you that your reward is in heaven. Thank you very [Applause] much. We want to thank the interpreter, brother Etien. Brother Tang, God bless you and may God renew your strength. Such a young man that gave out everything to the service of the Lord. Amen. You know, it's not easy to make interpretation is a gift of God. Briten, we love you. We thank you so [Applause] much. I want to thank the people at the technical department. Brother Johnny leading song also with his team over there. Brother Roimi and the rest of them we say we thank [Music] you. So what I have got also to say to my precious friend and brother from Trinidad. He's been such a wonderful trailblazer and he has been able to make it possible for the entire world to have a live broadcast of this meeting. My friend Isaac Oid and your wife, I really appreciate you. I want to tell you this little story about Isaac. I've not been too close to Isaac, but my association with him is with a mystery. 2013 where we had just sat where the ministers were having some fellowship and um the father hinted that Isaac is coming out and um that is why the wife was not in Germany so he has gone to welcome Isaac. So I went to the bathroom in that hotel to ease myself and there the voice of God spoke to me. He said that young man bring him to Calaba convention to testify. So I was a little bit afraid but that voice was very real because it has always been like that the way God ministers to me what he wants to do. And I went I spoke to brother Tio. Would it be nice for Isaac to come over to Calaba to speak to the young people? and he said he would get back to me and later on he said that's fine and that was why we were able to see Isaac and Calaba and from now till eternity Isaac will remain with us. Brother Isaac we love you. Amen. Those of you that have been visiting the website of uh Charity Tac Trinidad, St. Sorry, I'm sorry. Hon Tabernacle Trinidad. You will agree with me. Amen. The architect of what goes there is all compendium of Isaac. what I call I don't know how to explain it but he came with this initiative to really get every word and to let the people to see it read it in short form as much as it can be shown to the entire world to the internet or any of the social uh multimedia systems. So as a matter of fact, we know that the devil is using this forum to catch a lot of young people and Isaac was inspired to put in the word of God there to trap the children of God. Young people, are you happy about that Isaac? You don't need to worry. God is rewarding us and God will reward you. Amen. So the devil can go doing whatever he wants to do. He lost the battle. Praise the Lord. Amen. [Music] We love you, my brother. God richly bless you and your precious wife. We're glad to have you in Enugu. God bless you. So we want to thank the Lord for the song leaders, Brother Femy, my little boy, Brother [Applause] Moses, Brother Johnny. You appreciate them. Amen. You know, I call him my little boy and some of you smiled because now I look at him at an angle of uh elevation of almost about 70°. But it doesn't matter. No matter his height, I still believe that I can still climb the seat and then draw him closer and still discipline him. So that is why he's still my little boy. Amen. I I thank the Lord for the gift of God in his life. [Applause] Amen. So I want to thank the musicians, Joseph of Michael. Hey Salam is hiding his face. such a wonderful young people. I really appreciate all of you. I cannot mention all your [Applause] names. I want to apologize to the young people. I really had desired that we would have had one week retreat with brother Isaac the whole of this week. But somehow the plan changed not because of we intended to change it but we had many difficulties about the flights for them to come here and um we got God really gave us a solution and I want to appreciate brother Cenbrer for the perfect rearrangement of the flight that was able to bring in our brethren from the Trinidad. Thank you, brother Colin [Applause] [Music] Briner. I want to also thank also brother Colin Brainer for all the helps and taking up his time uh for the music instruments you're having here. They have to help to ensure that everything is ordered and put in the hotel where I could pick them to come back to Nigeria. We really appreciate you, brother Colin Brainer. We appreciate you, brother Juny. So the music you are hearing this brand new, praise God. Amen. Made possible by this efficiency from these brothers from Germany. We really appreciate you. Amen. So I want to thank the deacons, the ushers for their tremendous policing, arresting, discharging. Praise God. Amen. We love you. Deings, brother Moses, brother Pinkra, brother Cosmos Muka, he's already gone. Amen. And a host lot of you, we appreciate you. We also want to thank those that are really working behind the scene. Just to ensure that things work out very well, I also want to appreciate a portion of the staff of Costaris Medical that are here. They work so close with me to ensure that all the visas, all the tickets and everything, they were all arranged and everything on time. I sincerely appreciate you Patricia Gerardin and the rest of you. I really appreciate. Amen. I also want to thank the drivers that have been driving back and forth moving things from here and there. I may not mention your name here. I say may God richly bless you. [Applause] The last but not the least, I want to appreciate all the jumpers and shoutters, all the worshippers, all the brothers and sisters from different localities. I'm talking about you. You, you, you, you, [Music] you. And then above all, I want to say thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. I want to thank our Lord Jesus Christ for making this event a success. Shall we give the Lord a great hand of [Applause] applause? Amen. Amen. And I just have been reminded of a very powerful department. Even after we are dismissed today, they are still uh on duty. I'm talking about the kitchen staff. I want to thank God for my wife. I want to thank God for sister AK, sister Wii and all the members of the kitchen staff, sister Neka, sister of Jay and all of you. I say may God richly bless you for the planning for for all the arrangements, gathering the menus and everything. It was not really easy. May God richly bless you. Amen. So I don't I want to thank God for the management of this hotel, Nikk Holiday Resort. This is the first of this type. Amen. And I pray that God will bless the management. I believe they are happy also with us. We thank God for them. And we hope if the Lord ret again or earlier, you will also be invited again to another bride unity convention. So I'm making I'm making the announcement. So start the preparation right now. Praise the Lord. Would you be willing to come here again? [Applause] Will they be willing to come back here again? I didn't hear your response. If you really like to come here again, say amen. Amen. You really like to come here again, say amen. Amen. If you really like to do and you know you really want to do, if you really want to come here, say amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord a clap of praise. Glory be to God. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. And now tonight is the night. Praise God. Amen. How many appreciate our precious pastor and brother, Pastor Olu Omoto Ibo? the culture of [Applause] silence. When he came on the scene, I said, "Oh," he mentioned his title again. I said, "Broou had come again with another strange title." Amen. You agree with me? Whenever he picks his title, it's strange. But when he comes down to nailing it down, brother, you you can now see the culture of silence. How many appreciate our brother once again? Brother Olu, I love you from the bottom of my heart. I want to thank God for the gift in your life, in your ministry. I am identified. May God richly bless you. And I want to thank God for all the churches that came, the ministers that came with their churches and those that came from far and near from uh from from we have from Adamawa, from Abuja, from uh the West and all of you from across West Africa, East Africa, South Africa, from Europe, from uh the Caribbeans, we say may God richly bless you. Thank you for coming. If we don't get to meeting again, I know we will meet in the rapture. I'm getting ready for the rapture. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. You may be seated. So when you go back, take our greetings back home. Amen. And tonight I want to announce that there will be a minister banquet tomorrow starting by 12:00 noon. Amen. And then at the end of uh tonight's service um at the request of one of our brothers, he would like to take picture with all the ministers that came to this meeting. And I will really suggest that at the end of the service after everybody is um ushered out, we will request the ministers and the wives to set back on their seats so that the picture can be taken immediately. Ministers, do you approve that for for me? Is it okay? Is it okay? If it's okay, can the ministers say amen? Amen. I'm talking about pastors and ministers. a brother we like us to really have picture with him and to bring back home. Amen. He's a wellrespected brother in your midst. Praise the Lord. Amen. So if you would like to, it's not compelling, but it is just to show fellow ministers in the battlefield. He wants to just like to see your faces. When he gets back home, then he feels good. when he wants to remember Africa, he wants to look at the minister's faces. You appreciate that? Amen. So, tonight I have the pleasure to introduce to you, Amen. the preacher, the speaker for tonight, Reverend Theoid. [Applause] Hallelujah. As we take this song, he comes over to take over. Amen. As soon as he's done, I believe that God is going to stimulate the hearts and brother Johnny Conte comes immediately right behind. Amen. And then we go into the prayer line. Amen. May God richly bless you. Thank you for coming. We love you. God bless [Applause] you. Hallelu thy glory. Oh, you love to sing it. Lift up your voices. Let the heavens hear you tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Thy thy glory glory revive us again. Hallelujah. Thy glory. Hallelujah. Oh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. By the glory revive us. Oh yes. One more time singing. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God glory. Tell somebody, reach somebody in Jesus name. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Lord and the glory. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Hallelu the [Music] glory revive us again. Blessed be the name of the Lord. [Music] Let's bow our heads over a prayer. Almighty God, we thank you for your presence. We thank you for your love. We thank you for your grace, your blood, and the opportunity that you give us to come and worship you with believers of like precious faith. Father, I pray you come down in a special way tonight and speak to our hearts. Take me out of the way and may be glorified. And at the end of it all, may we be worth to sing your hallelujah. Thine the glory. Be glorified in all that we see and do. May you get honor and glory in the name of thy holy child Jesus. Grant it father in Jesus name I ask it. Amen and amen. Well, greetings from the headstone tabernacle, Trinidad. On behalf of my wife here, Sister Anmarie, son Isaaki and his wife, Sister Karen. Want to greet brother Akachchobee, his wife, family and church. Greet the fellow ministers, fellow laborers in the vineard. We certainly appreciate you coming out. We thank God for you. Want to salute brother. You may be seated just a minute or two just before we read the scriptures. Want to salute the message this morning. Brother Ulu, God bless you. And what I could say, he stood up like an angel. and spoke truth. You know that's what David did, right? David saw Goliath and spoke truth to Goliath. Because Goliath wanted to know who is this little boy coming to him like that. And Goliath told David a lie. He said, I'm going to feed you to the birds. And Goliath was spoken truth. David said, "You come to me with spear and shield and whatever you come with, but I just come in the name of the Lord and I'm going to cut your head off, you intellectual giant." And I feel that was like David and that this morning. Praise God. Who is this uncircumcised Philistine defying the armies of the living God? How dare you? defy the armies of the living God. They are more for us than against us. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Oh, glory. Don't get me started this night. Glory to God. Don't get me started. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Don't defy this army. You may be seated. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. And that is when truth speaks the power, the power of position. Hallelujah. Goliath was was was embarrassed to see who was challenging him. He felt he was so powerful because of his position. But once truth speaks the power or position, truth will prevail. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. That is what we need. You shall know the truth and the truth shall set you free. Oh the Lord I shout in the house. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. You may be seated. I remember reading something. thing brother Brandham said he was telling somebody the truth about their life and so on and when it came out they got free they got healed he said because the truth is what sets you free I'm not talking about the freedom that the devil come and take you back I'm talking about the freedom that Jesus said who the son of man set free is free indeed oh hallelujah Hallelujah. Glory to God. You may be seated. Praise God. The devil didn't believe Israel was free when Moses took them out. You may be seated. The devil thought Pharaoh thought the people still belong to him. Pharaoh thought that. And many times the devil think that he you still belong to him. So he see you as a runaway slave to bring you back in. So when Pharaoh saw those people going out, he couldn't take it anymore. He said, "Let's go after them." But God wanted that battle. God wanted that devil to come after because God wanted to prove he's the same yesterday and forever. And I feel tonight that God want to prove, hallelujah, that he is with this bride. [Applause] Glory. Hallelujah. You may be seated. Not because he is silent, he doesn't hear. Not because God is silent, he is not watching and looking. Don't misinterpret God's silence. Brother Brandham said when God is silent, that's the hour to be certain of God. When you pray and God doesn't answer, that's the very hour to be certain of God. And in this hour we are certain that we are standing on the rock. In this hour we are certain that we are standing on the promises. In this hour the devil can't move us. We are certain this is the truth. Oh glory to God. Amen. So turn your Bibles to Genesis chapter 1. Want to read from verse 26 to 28. Psalms 8. Want to read from verse 4-6. Revelation 5 2:es 9 and 10. Genesis 1 verse 26. And God said, "Let us make man in our image, after our likeness, sir, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth." So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him. male and female created them. And God blessed them. And God said unto them, "Be fruitful and multiply, replenish the earth, subdue it, and have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the fowl of the air, over every living thing that moveth upon the earth." We want to go to Psalms 8, reading from verse 4. What is man that thou art mindful of him? And the son of man that thou visitest him? For thou has made him a little lower than the angels. And has crowned him with glory and honor. Thou madeest him to have dominion over the works of thy hand. Thou has put all things under his feet. Final scripture from Revelation chapter 5. Want to read verse 9 and 10. This is after the lamb took the book and they sung a new song saying, "Thou art worthy to take the book and to open the seals thereof. For thou was slain and has redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred and tongue and people and nation and has made us unto our God kings and priests and we shall reign on the earth. Let's pray once more. Father, we thank you for your word. Inspire to hearts. May it get wings Lord by the spirit and and fly into our hearts Lord. May the word became become flesh and dwell among us tonight in Jesus name I ask it. Amen and amen. You may be seated. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. And tonight is the prayer line night. And I trust them that the words that we're going to share with you will inspire you tonight and set you free from your sickness, from your bondage, from whatever condition you're in. That freedom will reign in your life. I have a title tonight. We shall reign on the earth. That's my title tonight. We shall reign on the earth. I have a context scripture from Ephesians 1 11-14. It says, "In whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him, who workketh at all things after the council of his own will, that we should be to the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ, in whom also you trusted, after you heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation, in whom also after you believe, you were sealed, here we go, with that Holy Spirit of promise. which is the earnest or down payment of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession unto the praise of his glory. So if this is a down payment, it means it have more to come. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Do you believe that? And he was talking about uh uh you know the the the tabernacle and the most holy place and so on. He talking about Aaron and he said, "Watch and them that took out the blood of the covenant, the blood." He was anointed. He had garments on that had little jingle bells on them, a pomegranate and a bell. And that man, here we go, of Aaron. That man had to walk in such a way, not just walk, but walk in such a way. Watch that. Every time when he move his leg, they played holy, holy, holy unto the Lord. So Aaron couldn't walk just how he, you know, he just want to walk. He had to walk away. That the bells will ring and the bells ringing would be signaling holy, holy, holy, holy unto the Lord. Listen to brother Brham. You say, "What am I talking about?" Hear it. Brandham tabernacle. You had your chance. When a man once is anointed with the Holy Ghost to be adopted into the family of God, to be positionally placed by the father and set into a service out there into his purpose of life of what God has called him for. His walk must be holy, holy, holy unto the Lord. That is what the anointing going to produce. A walk, a special walk. Hallelujah. Are you with me? Now watch. But Abraham is dramatizing. Oh, you must turn aside to this. No. Holy, holy, holy unto the Lord. Oh, you must believe all what the elder said this, but holy, holy unto the Lord. Not holy, holy unto a group. Not holy, holy unto a bishop. Or a message pope. No. Holy holy unto the Lord. Are you with me? Holy, holy. Let his word be first. Let it be in everything here and settle it in your heart. This is what has to happen now. You have to settle it in your heart. Your walk must be in the word. In other words, it doesn't matter what Bishop so and so said. It doesn't matter what this group said. It doesn't matter what the ministers association said. It's got to be a walk in the word. Are you with me? But the Brand is still dramatized. He said, "Oh, if you just come over here, I'll tell you what we will do. We'll organize and put you in our organization. You'll be a great man." No. Holy, holy unto the Lord. It don't make a difference what anybody says. Oh, we coming unto that now. Now remember, it wasn't the whole of Israel going to that most holy place. It was one man. It was an individual. And listen to this. The Bible said God has made you kings and priests. Then you as an individual has to go in yourself with a certain walk holy holy unto the Lord because you are be made kings and priests. Oh glory to God. You may be seated. Glory to God. Listen to brother man. With all these tapes do this do that. No holy holy unto the Lord. You got your eyes set towards Calvary and there's nothing going to stop you. The very walk of your life. You are walking on the king's highway anointed with the precious anointing oil moving into the holiest of the holiest years. Oh, you may be seated. Oh, praise God. What is he saying? Like brother Raymond Thompson says, your connection becomes vertical, not horizontal, but vertical. Right now, tonight, the connections come vertical then horizontal. When the angel drop down, we could speak to you. It comes vertical then horizontal. If you don't have the vertical, you will need some man to connect to you or you will have to connect to some man. But when you connect to the source of power, when you connect to the headstone itself, when you connect to I Jesus that have sent mine angel, when you connect to the pillar of fire, when you connect to that power source that comes down, the angel of the Lord, it drops down. He send ministering spirits that drops down. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. Oh hallelujah. Glory to God. You may be seated. Then our walk must be in the word recognizing here we go. No other headship but the word. And I don't think the people get that the headship is not in Brandham tabernacle. The headship is not in this tabernacle. The headship is not in some hookup connection. No. The headship is Christ. the mighty angel, the word itself. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Are you with me? You may be seated. And brother Brandon in Christ, the mystery of God will real. He said, "Now watch." Oh, this is a powerhouse. He said the body and the head was took from the grave. So the body must follow him back to Eden. where the head of the family, the man, the bridegroom, the bride being the body of the bridegroom must follow the bridegroom because that's the head. And when the head is revealed and come back with eternal life, the body must follow that because it's husband and wife again. As long as you are pregnantated, here we go, with the same word which is his body. You took his body. You become in him. Then you took the word not a creed the word. Therefore the body cannot recognize any other headset. The church want headquarters. The church want some headman but the body, the bride body cannot recognize. Sir, the bride body cannot recognize any other headship. Or give the Lord a shout. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Listen to this. The prophet, you may be seated. The prophet is driving it down. Listen. The head is the word. Therefore, denominations, holy fathers, and everything else is dead. I'm reading. He call it dead dong. That is filth. No holy father, no holy denomination, no holy man, no holy pope. If a angel come from heaven, we going to smoke him out. If he don't say it what the prophets say, that is what we talking about. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. You may be seated. I told my church when I come behind the pulpit, I come with every weapon possible. When I open this part of my jacket, it have guns, bombs. Open the spot I have behind here. I am loaded. This is war. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. When you think I don't have weapons, I'll pull it all from behind here. Praise God. All behind here, brother. I'm a war. This is life and death. Glory to God. Listen to this. Adam fell and his book left his hands. The book was sealed. All creation is grown. Because when Adam fell, the earth fell, creation fell. Oh hallelujah. So we fell down. But when the lamb took the book, it means that we are going to be restored. When the lamb took the book, it means that son's getting back. The Bible said when the lamb took the book, they sang a new song. Not the same old song, a new song. And the song was, we shall reign on the earth. In other words, heaven is not our destination. Heaven is part of the itinerary. We are going up and we are coming back. Oh, glory to God. You heard what I said. That's not the destination. That's part of the itinerary. We going up to compact tongue, but we going to reign on the earth because God has appointed man to have dominion. Oh, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God said, "Let us make man in our image and let that man have dominion." So the image is connected to the book. That's why the book was sealed. The image is connected to the book because the image is connected to power. The power of dominion. Oh hallelujah. Are you with me? This is it, brother Brandham. Then our headship, I love this is a kingdom. The kingdom of God is within you. That's why Jesus blow disciples mind. He said when they say low here, come and get the connection here. Come and go there. Fivefold is over there. He said forget it. Behold the kingdom is within you. Oh, glory to God. The kingdom of God is the word becoming power in our life. The devil is shaking tonight because we It's not possible that we might reign on the earth. It didn't say we might reign on the earth. It is possible that we will rain. They say we shall shall shall shall no if no buts we shall reign on the earth. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. You may be seated. So, God's original intent was for man to have dominion over the fish, over the beast. And brother Brandham came and demonstrate what God was talking about. Therefore, you have to confront the bull to show there is power over beast. There is power over the bull. There is power over the bees. There is power in the blood. There is power here at night. Oh, glory to God. It's not tomorrow we are going to be the sons. He said now are we the sons of God. You have to talk like one. You have to act like one. You have to reflect one. The son is just like his father and the father spoke and created just like that. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Are you with me tonight? Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated, please. Have a seat. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Let's take a look at the program of God. His holy spirit here. He is trying to place his church to get his church in order and place it in the promised land so they could enter and all the enemies can be drove out. God is not interested with the Philistines and the Hittites and the Jebusites living with you. If you don't drive them out, they're going to stay with you. They're going to terrorize you. They're going to harass your church. You better start to drive these Philistines, these Hittites, these Jebusites, these Canaanites, these Amorites, all theites. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are more than conquerors. God has put all things under our feet. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Amen. You may be seated. Praise God. You may be seated. Brother Brandham Man can't take his land. How you going to act? Man won't keep his ground. Ephraim won't keep his ground. God won't keep his ground. When God blessing him, somebody called him on the phone and say, "You know what happening? You should preach so and so and so." And he said, "I want to know if I should preach that and what because he connected horizontal." Somebody send him mommy email. Somebody send him a text. God is send text from from horizontal. God does come vertical. Horizontal is man. Vertical is God. When the Elohim drop upon Peter, Jesus said, "Flesh and blood have not revealed this unto you. [Applause] But my father who comes hurry comes down vertical. You want to be seated? So watch watch. Benjamin won't keep his ground. They all run out here with the Philistines all mixed up. How are we going to be placed? We But we have been born by the Holy Ghost. All of us. Is that right? What are we born to? Watch. We are predestinated. Here we go. Then after being born, we are predestinated into the adoptional watch to be placed in the body of Christ. After you are born, you may be seated. All right. So before Jesus came forth as a manifested son, after he was filled with the Holy Ghost, he was led by the spirit into the wilderness to overcome the lust of the eyes, the lust of the flesh, and the pride of the earth, the pride of life. So Jesus had to reign over his earth, over his tongue, over his flesh, over his eyes, over his desires, over himself. He conquered he conquered himself and was then ready to move on in the adoption ministry. Now the easier one is to rule over man like pope or Mr. Frances or or like some president or so. That's the easy part. And we have these message popes who want to re reign over people, reign over others, and they have no power over themselves. But before Jesus was sent out into the adoption ministry, yet was to prove he had power over himself. Isn't that right? Because first John 2 said, "All that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of the life is not of the father but of the world." So all that is in the world is either under the lust of the flesh or the lust of the eyes or the pride of life. That is why the devil told Eve, hallelujah, that tree is good. When she saw the good, she will see the tree, she look at her eyes. Then the devil says good for food. Then he's going to make you wise. So since in the garden of Eden it was introduced the lust of the eyes, the lust of the flesh and the pride of life. And once we could handle that and put that under our feet, we have overcome. Oh, give the Lord a shout. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Hal are you with me this morning, this evening? May be seated. Adoption. Brother man, what is everything waiting for? What is the whole creation waiting for? The manifestation of the sons of God. It is waiting for the church to come in position. Oh, hallelujah. So, now it's talking something different now. It's not waiting for church. We have thousands. It's waiting for the church to come in position. That's different. That That's different. You may be seated. That's That's different. That's different. Jesus from age 12 to 18 or age 12 to to to 30 18 years it took Jesus to write that seed and when he was right he went in the scriptures to find out his position in Isaiah 61 and went in the temple to read the spirit is upon me. He was taking it present tense and bringing the word alive to himself. He was anointing the promise to himself. He was saying the spirit is upon me because he anointed me to perform these things because when the power come it come to do a work. If you are ready for work yet no power coming to you. If you are lazy there is no power coming to you. If you are not interested in your father's business nothing is coming to you. God looking for sons who could testify. I am about my father's business, not the association of ministers business. No, my father's business. It's an individual affair. You don't have a group father. You only have one father. Oh, glory to God. No group is your father. How? No church is your father. You only have one father. That's the Lord. And the thing of it is this message that introduced is of adoption is to bring men to maturity not to stay as a little child where you have to be led and fed spoonfed and people have to tell you don't go here don't do that there and stop doing that here no when I was a child I spake as a child I understood as a child but when I become A man forgive the Lord. Let the men in the house shout. Let me hear you brother shout. When I become a man, I put away childish thing. Oh, glory to God. God's objective is to bring you to Christian maturity where you know what and how and what to do in the awe of trying times. Oh, hallelujah. You may be seated. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God wanting to place his church. Sons and daughters, listen to the man of God. Let me live to see it. Is my prayer. It's so close. You having a vision. He's seeing you coming into power. He's seeing all what's going to come upon you. Oh, I feel a rumbling in the camp. Brother Brandham say it's so close. It's so close. I could feel it with my hands almost. That's what I long to see. Waiting for the time. There lays a laying there from his mother's womb. And we say, "Look, a book. Here is a tape to listen to." No, that's not what is here. Walk up to a and say, "Silver and gold have I none." Waiting, watch for the manifestations of the sons of God. Hallelujah. When God will make himself known, when they will stop sickness, you know what that means? Arrest sickness. Lock it up. Bolt it down. Oh, hallelujah. Remove cancer. Remove the tumor. Let the walk. The blind eye pop open. Hope that's we talking about. Oh, hallelujah. Are you ready for it? [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. We're going to reign on this earth, on the earth. We're going to reign over it. We're going to reign over sickness, over disease. Oh, hallelu. Any any condition whatsoever, nothing going to stop this bride. Oh, glory to God. I have a shocker for you. You're going to have dominion over nothing at all. Say, brother, what you say? Power over nothing. Yes, you'll create something. [Music] There was no squirrel. [Applause] There was nothing. And he said, "Let there be a squirrel." So, you going to have power over nothing. Oh, glory to God. When there is nothing, you're going to create. Hallelujah. So there is no atmosphere but we could create it tonight. Oh hallelujah. Whatever you want you could have tonight. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. They're going to stop cancer. They're going to stop diseases. You think cancer is something? The Bible said it's coming a time when men will rot in their flesh and the buzzers will eat off the carcass before they even die. Cancer is a true take to what's coming. But remember the horrible thing was forbidden in that day to touch those who had the seal of God. And that's what we are striving for now. To get in one and be positionally placed. Now remember redemption is in two parts. Coming out of and going into. If you only come out that's one part. It's two parts. You need the two parts for it to be completed. But I have a word for you. The Bible said, it said when the lamb took the book, it says, "And thou hast redeemed us by thy blood." So that means we're going to get through the two parts. We're going to come out and we're going to go into, do you believe that? That you ordained to go into into what? The land of promise, the Holy Ghost land. Oh, hallelujah. So we are striving to get in and be positionally placed into the kingdom of God before these plagues strike. Inheritance. You said Jesus left your inheritance. He said beg your pardon. Jesus never left the inheritance. Jesus never left you an inheritance. He only came down and paid for inheritance. Brought you to your inheritance. Your name was put on the lamb's book of life and God give you an inheritance. Your inheritance was first. Your inheritance was what? Your inheritance was first. What inheritance did I have? I didn't have any, but God left me an inheritance and put my name on the lamb's book of life. And God sent Jesus to make that inheritance real to me because there was nothing I could do to inherit it. It was blank. But in the fullness of time, God sent his own good time. Jesus the lamb slain from the foundation of the world. The blood was shed that I might go to my inheritance. So the blood was shed not for you to say I am saved. Thank you Lord. I'm saved. No, a little more than that. The blood was shed for you to go to inheritance. What inheritance? To sunship to be a son of God. You may be seated. Oh hallelujah. You mean my inheritance is sunship? Yes. What kind of sunship? The kind that Adam had before the fall. Oh, I'm not hearing you tonight. That is what we are talking about. Going back to dominion. Going back not for this to conquer you and that conquer you. No, he put all things under your feet. Oh, glory to God. Your sons, you're going to have power. God promised you power, brother. Oh my, we are waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God who will come back and take it over. Waiting for the fullness of time. When the pyramid gets to the top, when the full sons of God will be manifested, when the power of God will walk out, hallelujah, and will take every power that Satan got away from him, it belongs to God. Isn't that right? Oh, glory to God. So, this book is connected to our inheritance. And that is why when the lamb took the book, it said we shall reign on the earth. Now to reign is to rule, to conquer, to dominate, to have dominion over, to hold royal office. It is royal authority. It is dominance. It is domination. Hallelujah. It is preeminence. Hallelujah. So God want us to dominate the scene. You not hearing me tonight? God don't want you hoping and wondering. God want you to be dominant. God want you to dominate the scene. When you walk, demons must run. I'm not hearing you tonight. When you walk, demons must run. Demons have to say they coming again. They coming again. They coming again. They're coming again. They coming again. They coming back. They coming back. Sons of God are coming back. Brother, we're going to be proud of you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. You may be seated. I told my church, I said, "Listen, when you get to heaven, when you see David, you don't want to be duck and hiding. Shadrach, Mish, and Abednego, you so ashamed you have no testimony. You just went to church." Hallelujah. Daniel went to the lion's den. Daniel looking to ask you how you made it. He said, "Daniel said, I saw hell come up on earth. Hell you or hell in the school, hell in the streets, and you pastor that come and testify to me. And you must be able to testify to Daniel." And then Daniel calling Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. And you sitting down testifying, my God, they try to kill me, but I overcome. They hate me, but I overcome by brotherly kindness, by forgiveness, by the power of love. I overcome, my God. I step on serpents. I step on this. Praise God. I'm overcomer. I'm a king. I'm royalty. I'm a son of the king. I know where I come from. know I am going. I know who I am. I know who son I am. I know who my father is. I come from God. Go back to God. Go give the Lord a shout. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The shout of the king is in the camp. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. You may be seated. And I love God. I love his word. I love how he does things. He put brotherly kindness at the top. That's right. Before you enter into the love, he put brotherly kindness there. So how you get entering the love and you hate your brother? How you enter the love and you of order against the brother? He said, "Leave your gift at the altar. Make it right and then come back and I'm going to bless you. I'm going to pour it on you." He makes sure faith is based upon forgiveness. He put all these laws inside of here. Understand this. We belong to a different kingdom. Bible said we are citizens. We are no longer strangers. We are not immigrants. We belong here. This is our land. Glory to God. This seven thunders, this is our [Applause] land in Nigeria. All you Nigerians here, you could protest. Nobody got throw you out. You got all a plaqueard. Nobody got throw you out. Nobody got kick you out and boot you out. You a Nigerian. You have your passport. You a citizen of this country. But if somebody come from the some other country and and and hanging around here, they can't protest. They be booted out and deported. So what's something? God has made a citizen of this kingdom. You cannot be deported. Nobody could sentence you to hell. [Applause] When Jesus When Jesus went down to hell, hell couldn't hold him. Hell couldn't hold him. The grave couldn't hold them. Which denomination could hold us? Which message pope could hold us? But are we are free tonight? Glory to God. Where was thou? Where was thou when I laid the foundation of the earth and the morning star sang together. And sons of God shouted for joy. Oh. Oh. Feel like shouting now. Feel like shouting now. Feel like shouting now. We shall rain on the earth. Oh glory. Hallelujah. Oh glory to God. So when you leave here, you're not leaving here in weakness. You're not leaving here in weakness. You're leaving here in strength. Because Paul said, "I can do all things through Christ that strengthenth me." Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Blessed be the rock of our salvation. He's my shield. He's my song. He's my deliverer. He's my strong and mighty tower. Hallelu my God. Hallelujah. My rock. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Thou has made him a little lower than the angels and has crowned him with glory and honor. Thou madeest him to have dominion over the works of thy hands. Thou has put all things under his feet. As brother, he didn't say he made us higher than the animals. So, stop acting like an animal. Stop behaving like an animal. He didn't say we are higher than the animals. He say we a little lower than the angels and he put all things under our feet. Some of you shaking tonight because you never considered all things under your feet. You feel the devil is over you. Why I'm saying that's a lie. He is bluffing you tonight. The word said, God said, he put all things under our feet. All things. All things. We are more than conquerors tonight. Greater is he that's in you. Greater is he that's in you. Greater is he that's in you than he that is in the world. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Glory, glory, glory, glory. Praise God. Let me say this to you. Elijah, when he came down to the river, he took his mantle and he struck the Jordan River. He didn't even talk. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] He didn't have to talk. When he strike the river, the river know what to do. [Music] Notice we could strike the water and open it up but when Jesus come he decide he don't even want to open it up. He going to walk on it. We could do either one. We could do either one. Open up or walk on it. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Glory. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now remember the destination is not heaven that says pass of the itinerary. But God created earth and placed man on this earth. right now Putin and and Obama and all them only temporary holding the position but we shall reign on the earth and the meek shall inherit the earth they can't stop us right now this is the Satan's Eden but we are coming back to take over but before we leave before we leave there'll be one blast there'll be one demonstration of what the power was supposed to be in the garden of Eden there'll be one more ride Woo! Glory, glory, glory, glory to God. When brother Brennham was alive, they couldn't bring that foolishness. They couldn't bring all the have the nonsense they have today because the prophet know the secret of the heart. He could see through them from a far off. He knew all the tricks in the books. God gave him visions and everything else. But guess what? The spirit of Elijah is coming right back to rest upon Elisha. Guess what? There'll be another Acts four. Guess what? There'll be another Acts two. Guess what? There'll be another Acts five. Guess what? The pillar of fire going to dwell in the sons of God in the last days. Who's going to stop it? Nobody could stop it. Hallelujah. Do you understand that the canker woman, the caterpillar, and the pal eat down that tree and is not man trying to restore? God said, "I somebody say I." God said, "I will restore unto you." Oh, give the Lord a praise. Give the Lord a shout. God set I glory. Hallelujah. Will restore unto you. All the years you missed out. All the years the devil mess with your mind. One of these days God going to take the cap and think roll back your understanding. God going to bring back your right mind. Right now you have amnesia. But God is bringing it right back. Because when the lamb took the book, it wasn't for the lamb. No, the lamb took the book. It was for his wife. That's why the mighty angel came down with the book open. Not closed, but open. And brother Brandham, evidence of the open book when he said, "Little fishy, I give you back your life." That was an Adamic son. There was a son back in the garden of Eden again vindicating the power that going to be in the last day church little fishy I'll give you back your life and when the storm was coming that prophet said son come out and shine 4 days that was power over the elements that was Joshua saying son stand still that's what the son supposed to do speak and the word is created just like that one of these days we're going to have a 15minute service. Oh, glory. Just 15 minutes and the power of God will be moving in your being. Every fiber of your being, the minister will not be able to minister because of the glory of God because the glory of God going to fill the whole tabernacle. Oh, glory to God. His wife was sick. He was in a fixed country and the wife was going on an operation. And brother Rama spoke. He said, "Before the doctor's hand touches my wife, the tumor," very specific like that, Brother Ulo, not uh bless my wife, Lord. Uh, touch my wife, Lord. No, no, no. We send an arrow straight to the tumor. We can't miss. We are not going to miss. We will be very specific. John was specific. He said, "We shall reign on the earth." Oh, give the Lord a shout. Listen, this is not fairy tale. The evidence is already on the earth. But man said little had right, I give you your two boys. He had power of salvation. All of that is already on. He had the power of creation. Let there be a squirrel. So nothing is not stopping him. If there is nothing, we'll create something. So why we can't create a revival? Why we can't create a seven thunder? I am telling you there is going to be a revival. Oh my my my my. Okay. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Praise God. I'm going to finish off with this. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. In the last days, the true church comes to the headstone. Will be a super church. A super race. Hallelujah. Praise God. Do you believe that? The last days there going to be a super church. A super race. Isn't that right? They will be so much like him. Uh-huh. We not talk about talk now. We talking about image. So he's saying in the last days this super church go be like him not the talk. This is plentiful. Bow and no arrows. I call it verbal gymnastics. Flipping here and flipping here. Flipping words here and flipping doing some assaults and people going never see that way. Woo. Silly woman laden with divers lust. Woohoo! Ever learning, never coming to the knowledge of the truth. They have itching ears to hear new doctrine, new teachings, new revelations, new mysteries that come out hidden from Satan's black bag. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But that bride going to be in his very image. Oh, hallelujah. Brother Bham said denominations can never produce this. What is his image? Faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness. Brotherly kindness is true. Because brotherly kindness, you have to put yourself in your brother's place on the matter. You can't go around it. You can't escape it. That blood have to be upon you. No, no grudge. Amen. Because you have to conf you have to have confidence to speak the word. So there have to be no condemnation. Let let me let me out here. Hallelujah. Oh glory. So then from a group of the true seed of the word God represent Christ the beloved bride. Watch a virgin. A version to his word. That means no man's interpretation. So no man can come and say he's fivefold. Which fold is that? It have fall and fold. Which pole is that? It take dynamics to produce a five-fold. Say if the dynamics and strike yet there's a five-fold ministry yet you can't take out yet. No man have the authority to take out yet. That's a false authority. Dynamics have to strike the bride. And when the dynamics strike the bride then sons positionally placed then they have to be tested. or I thought I reach. No, they now start these virtues have to be living and tested. You can't tell me you're living only the test will prove if it living or not and I have news for you. But say the devil make you prove it. Not brother oid. You could pass by. It's you and the devil. Oh hal, you don't want to say amen to that one. I didn't say that. That's the word. You know, the devil will make you prove it. That's why I'm fighting for every inch. Yes. Yes. Yes. I'm not going to sit back. If I have to die, I have a cookst stick up here. I'm going to hold a cookst stick here. If I lose my teeth, I'll use my gums. But I'm going to fight every way. Hallelujah. Are you with me? Because there is going to be revival in this land. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. through them and by them will be fulfilled. All that was promised. Through them, by them, what a church. I could feel it. I could sense it. I could sense it. What a people, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people. Oh, glory to God. Be one of them. Oh, hallelujah. I love this part. Notice the harmony. Jesus never did anything until the father show him first. He can do nothing and the bride will do nothing until you have thus said the Lord. Oh hallelujah. So if they leave the church, they went out from us because they were not of us. So therefore there is no thunders without dying. It have no thunders without death. I hear people preaching all kind of gospel and there's no death in it. There's no killing. I just listen for death because I know a seed have to go down in the ground. Somebody mistake something the seed said he thought I was a stone or rock. He didn't know I was a seed and he bury me. That's the wrong thing to do as seed. You know because once you bury it, it will come forth. So therefore this gospel has to come with that. Okay, let me close. God made man, brother Brandham said to predominate over the earth. He had dominion. He said in Genesis when he make man he said I am Yahweh Jvhu Jehovah. What did it mean? He mean I am the allexistent one who has created something over myself to be a son of mine. A temporary or an amateur little one of me. So God was to reign over heaven and the sons reign on earth. That was God's original intent. But because of the fall with the introduction of the lust of the eyes, the lust of the flesh and the pride of life and Eve take up that tree. We went through a process and God make the whole cycle. Must be born again. Get to the book. The book reveal your name. You go through the process. Bring it to positionally place tested virtue image come right back to the image of God. You're back to Eden on the earth and the devil is confused. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to Lord. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Finally, brother Bham said, this great outpouring of God's spirit in the last days. That's the thing to bring faith into the people that will take a rapture in faith that will take the church into glory. And he said the church have to be rebuilt in the power of the spirit. And the final quote I'm going to read, he talking about from feast of the trumpets. He said this group here, they've got 2,000 B of the river Euphrates has been bound for 2,000 years. The church has bound the Holy Ghost for nearly 2,000 years under martrdom. But the hol the Holy Spirit can't work in the church because of man-made systems. But she is going to be liberated. She is coming back. The evening type message liberates the Holy Ghost. God couldn't release the Holy Ghost as spirit because he wasn't ready for it yet. So he released the Holy Ghost in the form of promises that by these promises you can become partakers of his divine nature to come back in God's image to come back to dominion. May the Lord bless you. [Applause] Hallelujah. Come on, do something. Come on, do something. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. We shall reign on the earth. We shall reign on the earth. Turn around to your neighbor. Tell him. Testify to him. We shall reign on the earth. We shall reign on the earth. Come on, give your testimony. We shall see the king when he comes. He's coming in power. We held that blessed hour. Give your testimony. Give your testimony. Be specific. Be very specific. Be very specific. Hallelujah. Speak. Speak that tumor before the doctor touches my wife. Let that tumor be gone. Be [Music] specific. Clap your [Music] hands. We shall see the king when it [Music] comes. Oh, we shall see the king. We shall see it again. We shall see it again when it comes. Oh, he's coming. Coming in power. We have a blessed hour. Oh, we shall see the king. When he comes, I shall see the king. I shall see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I shall see it again when it comes. Oh, it's coming. Coming in power with the blessing power. Oh, I shall see it again. When it comes, we shall see it again. We shall see it again. We shall see it again. Oh, we shall see it again. When the God comes, yeah, he's coming in power is already here. Oh, we shall see it again. One more time. Let's sing it again. We shall see it again. We shall see it again. Oh, we shall see it again. And it [Music] comes the power with the blessing. Go. I feel like dancing. I feel like [Music] dancing. Go ahead. We shall reign on the earth. Sickness is defeated. Demon powers are defeated. We are very specific. Come on. Here we go. Let's celebrate this victory. Give a shout of worship. Come on. Oh, we shall see again when it comes when it comes in power. We have the blessed hour. Oh, we shall see the king when he comes. [Music] [Music] [Music] Give the Lord a shout. Come on. Come on. Come on. What a victory this weekend. Give the Lord a shout. Oh, hallelujah. My glory be to God. What a meeting. What a message. Hallelujah. I believe you are ready for the prayer line. The devil is already defeated. God has placed everything under our feet. So we know who we are. We know we have dominion over sickness, over diseases, over afflictions. Satan has no right to afflict you. is a squatter. And tonight we are serving him with notice. I don't care what the doctor might call it. They might call it cancer. They might call it whatever they want to call it. But tonight in the name of the Lord, we are serving every sickness, every disease, every affliction. We are serving a quick notice and we are coming behind as the ministers lay hands on you. The Holy Spirit will enforce the law against Satan to give up whatever he has unlawfully and deceitfully taken away from you. Brother John said this morning is your own decision. It's your decision. If you want to go back with your sickness, it's your decision. But the power of God is there tonight to heal you. Because he's not going to heal you. He has already healed you. is a finished work. Do you believe that? It's a finished work. So if you are sick of the body as you are coming to through prayer line, just thank God for this privilege to be ministered onto. And as the ministers lay hands on you, the power of God is here to heal and restore your body, restore your health because it's your right to live healthy. is your right to live healthy. The devil has no right to put any infirmity on you. Hallelujah. Do you believe that? God bless you. You may go back to your seats. You appreciate brother. I beat me to say you appreciate brother Charles. [Music] God bless you. So at this time we get ready to form the prayer line and um we'll ask all the pastors that officiated in the meeting whether testimony or preach or those that and those that read prayer request and so forth should come forward to form the prayer line. And the prayer line is specifically for the sick and the afflicted. As you're coming to the prayer line, just believe and know that it's not we trying to do something. It's what God has already done. We are acting upon his promise and is obligated to keep his word. So the as the pastors begin to make their way up. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] You can talk about [Music] brothers of one [Music] The great [Music] physic now is near. But [Music] there [Music] Jesus and he speaks the truth heart to cheer. Oh, hear that voice of [Music] Jesus. [Music] Sweetest note in Sarah song. [Music] Sweetest name on mortal tongue. [Music] Sweetest cal [Laughter] roll. He's here. Jesus, blessed [Music] Jesus. Your many sins are all forgiven. [Music] Oh, hear the voice of [Music] Jesus. Go on your way in peace to heaven. and wear a crown with [Music] Jesus. Sweetest note in Sarah song. Sweetest name on mortal tongue. [Music] Sweetest ever. It is Jesus. Blessing Jesus. [Music] Amazing grace, how sweet the sound. Oh, that saved a wretch like me. [Music] I once was lost, but now I am found. And I was blind. But now I see. It was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears relie. How precious. Oh that grace appear. Oh the hour. I first believed. Jesus breaks every fetter. [Music] Jesus breaks every fetter. Jesus [Music] breaks every fetter. Jesus breaks every fetter. For he [Music] sets me [Music] free. Jesus breaks. Every fetter Jesus breaks every [Music] fetter. Jesus [Music] breaks every fetter. For he sets me [Music] free. I will rest on his promise. You can join me sing. Pray for the people that come through. I will rest in the promise. I will rest in the promise which is [Music] given to me. I will rest in his promise. I will rest in his [Music] promise. I will rest. In his promise which is given to [Music] me in the cross. Oh, in the cross be my glory [Music] ever. Till my rapured soul shall find rest beyond the river. [Music] Jesus, keep me near the cross. There's a preious [Music] fountain free to all. The healing stream that flows from Calary's [Music] mountain. Lord Jesus, just keep me near to that cross. And there's this [Music] preious fountain free to all a [Music] healing stream flows from Calary's mount. Oh, in the cross. Oh, the [Applause] cross be my glory. [Music] until my rapure soul shall find your rest. Your rest. Your rest beyond that. There is a fountain. There is a fountain filled with blood drawn from Emmanuel's veins. And sinners plunch beneath the flow. Lose all their guilty state. [Music] lose all their guilty state. You lose all their guilty [Music] lose all their gifts. [Music] day. The dying sleep [Applause] rejoiced to see that found near his day. [Music] And there may I though vile as he wash all my sins [Applause] [Music] away. Wash my sins away. [Music] [Applause] all my sins. And there may I though why as he wash all my sins away. Thou dying lamb, thy precious blood shall never lose its power. Till all the ransom church of God be saved to sin no [Music] more. Be safe to sin no more. be safe to sin no more till all the [Music] church of God be saved. [Music] on Cal Gree Hill of sorrow where sins demands were paid. and a race of hope for a [Music] tomorrow across our path. We're light. You sing with me. I see a crimson stream of [Music] blood. Oh, it flows from [Music] Calary. It's waves which reach the throne of God. Oh, how [Music] sweet me tonight. No condemnation abides to turn [Music] away my soul from his salvation. [Music] He's in my heart to stay. When blue and sadness may [Music] whisper, you've sinned. No use to pray. Tonight I look away to Jesus and he tells me to say. I see that crimson stream of blood. Oh, it flows from [Music] Calary. It's [Music] waves which reach the throne of God. [Music] Oh, they are sweet. They're sweeping over you. [Music] And when we reach that [Music] portal where life forever [Music] reigns, the ransom hosts grand final. on will be this glad refrain. I see a crimson stream of blood. Oh, it flows from the [Music] calver. It's waves which reach the throne of God. [Music] Only [Music] Believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Holy [Music] believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. [Music] Lord, I've receive my healing. Lord, I've receive. All things are possible now. Lord, I [Music] receive. Lord, I receive. Now, Lord, I receive. All things are possible. [Music] Lord, I [Music] receive. And Lord, I do [Music] believe. Lord, I believe. [Music] All things are possible. Oh Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. [Music] All things are possible, Lord. I believe and Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus is here. All things are possible because Jesus is here. Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus is here. All things are possible. [Music] Jesus, without him, I can do nothing. [Music] Without him I can do nothing. And without him I surely fail. [Music] And without him, I would be [Music] drifting like a ship [Music] without a sing. Why don't you join singing Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, my Jesus? Oh, do you know him today? Please don't turn him away. [Music] Jesus. Oh my [Music] Jesus. Without him, how lost I would be. He is my [Music] everything. He is my all. Jesus Christ, he is my everything both great and small. He gave his life for [Music] me. Made everything new. Lord Jesus, you are my everything. Oh, how about you? He is my [Music] everything. He is my [Music] all. He is my everything. [Music] both great and [Music] small. And he gave his life for me. He is my everything. Oh, how about you? Why don't you stand up and greet your brother and sister? Tell them God bless you. He is [Music] Lord. He is Lord. And he is risen from the dead. And he is Lord. And every knee shall bow. And every tongue confess oh that Jesus Christ is Lord individual. Oh, he's my [Laughter] [Music] Lord. Oh, he's my [Music] Lord and he's risen from the dead. And he is Lord. [Music] Every knee shall bow and every tongue [Music] confess that [Music] Jesus Christ is Lord. Let's give him praise. Let's give him [Music] thanks. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm healed. I'm free. You're free. You're [Music] healed. You are free. Every knee shall bow and every [Music] tongue will confess. It's Jesus. It's all about Jesus. And it's Jesus only. [Music] Jesus Christ is Lord. Let's give him a hand of praise one more time. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Blessed be God. Glory to God. Do you believe it's already done? [Music] It's already done. The victory is won. The battle is over. It's already [Music] done. Oh, it's already done. It's already done. Oh, the victory is won. The battle is over. It's already done. It's already done. Oh, it's already done. Oh, the victory is won. The battle is over. It's already done. Let's clap it through. [Music] One more time. It's already done. [Music] Oh, it's already done. Hallelujah. It's already done. Oh, the victory is won. The battle is over. It's already done. Just play softly. My Bible tells me the battle is the Lord's. And he already won it at Calvary. So when he want it, we want it, too. And we're stamping Satan under our feet and keep moving on. Keep looking on to Calvary. Keep looking on to Jesus Christ. Young people, don't look to this world. Don't look to the left. Don't look to the right. And don't look back, but keep looking in your eyes because John saw that city. John, he saw that city coming down from heaven. And that's the place that God has created us to be. There we shall reign as kings in that city, that new Jerusalem. Oh, it's already done. Halleluah. It's already done. Oh, the victory is won. The battle is over. It's already done. Give me a key for him. Jesus, he took my burdens and he rolled them in the sea. Amen. I love how bro the prophet said talked about the bleach and the blood of Jesus Christ and the power in that blood. There is my healing in that blood. Hallelujah. Love to sing that. But Jesus took my burdens and he rolled them in the sea. Come on, brothers. He rolled them in the sea. Oh, he rolled them in the sea. And now I have a peace that he has given me. Come on. Oh my. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus took my burdens and he rolled them in the sea. He rolled them in the sea. [Music] That is a sea of forgetfulness. Oh my sins and burdens. Oh, he rolled them in the sea. Clap your [Music] hands. Not guilty. Not guilty. He can't even remember [Music] it. Oh, Jesus took my burdens and he rolled them in the sea. Oh, he rolled them in the sea. Oh, he rolled them in the sea. And now I have a peace that he hath given me. All my sins and burdens, he rolled them in the sea. The last line, all our sins, all our sins and birds, he rode them in the sea. Amen. You brothers got going got to help me out on this one. No, no, no. [Music] She's a kindness. She's a tin. She's a tin. She's a tin. Yes. [Music] Time. Oh my god. [Music] [Music] praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Let the devil hear you. Hallelujah. We come. Hallelujah. Come up. We got to press. Press brothers. Press sisters. Press. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, [Music] sister. [Music] Listen, I went to the enemy's camp and I took back what stole from me. Took back what stole from me. Took back what stole from me. I went to the enemy's camp and I took back what he stole from me. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. Under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. Oh, he's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. under my feet. Hallelujah. We overcome. Hallelujah. He shall reign on the earth. Under my feet. It's under my feet. It's under my feet. It's under my feet. It's under my feet. It's under my feet. It's under my feet. It's under my feet. Under my feet. Under my feet. Under my feet. Under my under my feet. It's under my feet. Under my feet. Under my feet. Hallelujah. It's under my feet. It's under my feet. Satan is under my feet. Wa. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Took back what he stole from me. Yes, sir. Took back what he stole from. I went to the enemy's camp. took back what he stole from me. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my Oh, he's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. Under my feet. Under my feet. Under my feet. Under my feet. Under my [Music] feet. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can I hear the overcomers say hallelujah? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We shall reign on the earth. Hallelujah. Let the church shout glory. Let the church shout hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh children, you ought to have been there. When the Lord saved me that testimony, children, you ought to have been there when he gave me the victory. Picked me up. Put my feet on higher ground. Children, you are to be love. Save me. Children, you up to the finger. When the Lord has saved me. Hallelujah. Children, you are to be gave me the victory. Oh, you know he lift me up. He turned me up. He lift my feet on higher ground. Do you want to be there? Oh Lord, save me. My [Music] name [Music] comes praise. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] I not a more aosera. Come on. Woo. Give the Lord a shout of praise. [Music] Oh, oh yeah. Oh, remember? Oh, [Music] [Music] [Music] y I remember I remember I remember. Hey, I [Music] remember you. Oh, [Music] remember I [Music] remember. Come on. [Music] [Applause] Oh [Music] [Music] my good [Music] You could [Music] never remember. I remember I remember I remember I remember you [Music] remember you remember you Oh y Come on. [Music] [Applause] Come on. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, you remember? Oh, you remember? Oh, you remember. Oh, you remember. Oh, remember [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. [Music] Remember. Come on. [Applause] Come on, man. Let's give him a shout of praise. Let's give him a shout. There's victory in the camp. [Applause] [Music] I You [Music] [Applause] [Applause] may. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. 2. Amen. Amen. [Music] He alone. [Applause] He may together for the Lord. [Music] [Music] Wow. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Open your hands together for the Lord. [Applause] [Music] Give the Lord a shout of praise. Amen. There was a song we were trying to do this evening with the mass choir, but unfortunately we couldn't make the announcements earlier. So this evening, we are all one choir. Amen. Amen. and we're going to do that song together. The title of the song is Every Praise to Our God. What a perfect way to close out the convention by giving praise back to whom praise is due. We can have we can have the choirs, members of singing choirs around here, please come over here. We're going to do it right from here. So, come on now. Come on now. Come on now. Come on now. All the choir members, choir members in different churches, please come over quickly. Quickly, quickly. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Everyone come out. Glory be to God. Hallelujah. The devil is going to be starched out. The devil is already starched out. So, we are having our joy. We're having our praise. We're having our singing. We're having our jumping. We having our clapping. Hallelujah. Glory be to God. We are having a shaking. We are having a shaking. Glory be to God. Amen. Somebody say amen. Somebody say amen. Somebody say hallelujah. Somebody say hallelujah. Oh, give the Lord a clap of praise. Come [Applause] on. Why the choir is coming up? They're going to fill up the whole place. It doesn't matter. Amen. Every praise to our God. Every praise to our God. Every shouting to our God. Every singing to our God. Somebody say amen. I mean every praise to our God. Every jumping to our God. Every clapping to our God. Hallelujah. Glory be to God. Amen. Glory. Amen. Oh my. Come on. Set it up. Hallelujah. We're going to we're going to sing the heaven down. Hallelujah. Praise God. Tonight is the night. We're going to sing it anyhow. You just open your mouth and the Holy Spirit will pump his strength right into your soul. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Let's give the Lord a clap of praise one more time. Glory. Glory. Glory. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Musicians. Hallelujah. Come on. [Music] [Music] Put your hands together. I want all the saints in the house to give God praise. Oh, bless. Every praise is to every worth of worship. Oh man. Every praise. Every praise. Every praise. to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our glory. Hallelujah. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise, every praise, every praise is to our God. Let's sing it again. Every praise, every praise is the one. Everywhere to worship God is. Oh, every praise, every praise, every praise, is to one more time. One more time. Every praise. Yeah. Every word of worship. Every praise. Every praise is to. Now this is the part I love so much. Let's go. God my savior. Lord my healer. God my healer. You're my deliverer. Yes he is. Yes he is. Yes he is. Yes he is. Say [Music] God my healer. My my deliverer. My deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. One more time. God, my savior. God my God my healer. My healer. My deliverer. My deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise. Praise, every word I worship, worship. Oh, every praise, every praise, every praise, every praise. You are God. You are God. Sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are God. Glory. Hallelujah. You are now every praise. Every praise to our God. Every praise, every praise, everywhere worship God. Oh, every praise, every praise, every praise, every praise, every praise, every praise. Clap your hands every sing. I want to see you jump in. Every praise I want to see you jump in. Every praise, every praise, every praise may seem lifting, every praise, every bre. Every praise may seem sinking. Every praise, every praise, every praise, every praise to our God. Put your hands together. Myior can my healer. The Bible said everything I have breath. Praise the name of the Lord. I want to see those in the house that have breath in them. God might join us. Put your hands together. Come on, [Applause] church. Yes, you are. Every praise, every praise, every well of worship. Oh, every praise, every praise, every praise, every praise. I see me claping. Every praise. I want to see me jumping. Every praise. I want to see you shouting. Every praise. I want to see you screaming. Every praise. Every praise. Every praise. Every praise, every praise, every praise, every praise, every praise, every praise. He singing, every praise. Wave those hands. Every praise. Every praise. Every praise. Wave your hands. Shout aloud. Make a joyful noise. Every praise all ye land. Every praise. Make joyful noise. Every praise, every praise, every praise, every praise, every praise, every praise, is to our God. Somebody who loves Jesus, make a noise in the house. Give God praise. Woo. How many of you believe that God is able to do exceedingly and abundantly above all you can ask all things? Somebody give God praise. Musicians, give us the key for God is able. [Music] Oh my Lord. Oh yeah. Yeah. Exly upon me above all. All you could ask or think according to the Lord. The power that workketh in you. In you. Oh, God is able to do what he said he would do. He's going to fulfill every promise to you. Don't give up on God cuz he won't give up on you. He's able. You love the Lord. Make a shout in the house. Give God praise. Oh yeah. He is able. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Can the choir help me sing? Say God, is able to do hallelujah is going to fulfill every promise. Don't give up on God. Hallelujah. Cuz he won't give up on you. He's able. Oh yes. Oh yeah. He's able. Oh, thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Can I hear one more time? He's able. One time. Let's sing it again. Oh my Lord. He's able. Oh, hallelujah to you, Jesus. Somebody say, "God, God, God is able. He's able to do just what he said." He never never ever fails. every Don't give up on God. Don't give up on God. Cuz he won't give up on you. He's a Oh. Oh. He's a sing with me now. Oh. Oh. He say hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Oh you Jesus. One more time say oh. Oh he's a somebody shout he's aable. He's a He's aable. He's a He's a He's able. He's a He's not a man. that he will lie. Whatever he promised, he's going to do it. He's able. He's able. Yes, he is. He's able. I tried it. Anybody tried it? He's not a man that he will lie. My God is able. My God is able. My Lord is able. He's able. He's able. He's a He's a He's a He's able. He's a He's a He's [Music] a Can I hear just the sister sing? [Music] Hold on. Hold on. We're going to do something now. I want all the travel sisters to sing. Oh, he's able. And everybody will sing. He's able. Keep on singing. He's able. He's able. Let's try. Let's try. Let's go. Trouble sisters, where you at? [Music] Oh, he's a He's able. [Music] Now I want the soprano sisters to sing. [Music] Now I want to hear the brothers sing. Oh, he's able. He's able. He's able. He's able. He's able. He's able. He's able. He's able. He's able. Everybody, let's sing. Oh, God is able to do just what he said. Everything he said he will do is going to fulfill. Every promise. Oh my Lord, don't give up on God. Don't give up on God. Cuz he won't give up on you. I want to say don't give up on God. [Music] cuz he won't give up on you and me. On you and me. Everybody help me sing. He's aable. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Glory. Thank you, choir. Thank you, choir. God bless you. [Music] You appreciate brother Moses. You appreciate the mass choir. Put your hands together for the [Music] Lord. Hallelujah. We're only doing rehearsal, you know, on how we going to sing it on that day. So, this is nothing yet. Satan never had nothing. Praise the Lord. You appreciate the Lord tonight. Let's give him a hand of praise. [Applause] Hallelujah. You may be seated. Just a few announcement before brother Johnny Conde close us [Music] out. Do you appreciate brother Tio tonight? Do you appreciate brother Tio [Applause] tonight? When you go, you go tell it on the mountain. Over the hills and everywhere. Oh, tell it on the mountain that Jesus Christ is Lord. Let's put your hand to Let's put our hands together for the Lord one more time. Amen. You may be seated, Ro. We appreciate you. Thank you for such a wonderful message. Amen. [Music] I just have a a announcement here for a convention from brother Joseph encounter the host pastor. This convention is uh taking place in Kin Shasha Democratic Republic of the Congo. [Applause] The convention is slated to take place from 15th to 18th January 2016. Amen. Where the inspiration of the convention is recognizing the move of the Holy Spirit is the success of the bride. You appreciate our brother Joseph Nanter. So put it in your diary and get a preparing. Amen. Trusting that the Lord will if he tries, he will really fulfill the purpose as to why he put this convention announcement on. leaders of uh brethren staying at Caesar Palace Hotel and Bongo Hotel are to see brother Philip Olatunde immediately after the service at Nik Hotel reception without uh fell is very very um important. There is a missing black P with uh money and phone inside of it. Owner should please contact brother Philip Olatunde. So the missing P have been uh found. So the owner should uh meet brother Philip Olunde with a very good proof of claim. brother and sisters from Lagos uh should please note we they are leaving by 9:00 a.m. tomorrow morning. So bosses will be ready at Nik Lake Hotel. For those who made booking for the DVD, the DVDs will be available for pickup. I guess that should be here tomorrow morning by Salam by 8:00 a.m. Right. Okay. In this place, you love the Lord. Once more we want to say thank you for coming and may God richly bless you as brother Johnny Conte comes up to close us out. You appreciate brother Johnny Conte. Thank you very much. Glory. Shall we stand to our feet tonight? Shall we bow down? [Music] Heavenly Father, we are so grateful God tonight. Lord, our mouths are full of praise. Our hearts Lord are full of joy for what we have seen you do Lord over this weekend. Heavenly Father, I stand here tonight under the uncction of the Holy Spirit. Father, these are your people God Almighty. Lot of young people came for this meetings Lord seeking the baptism of the Holy Ghost to give them Lord eternal rest from the things of this world. We prayed for Sister Lily over the prayer line. Lord, words have been spoken over her, Father as she lives back home where the spirit of God enter into the socket of her soul. And if there's any young person here, Lord, tonight that is taking that eternal rest. Father, may you translate every message spoken in this meeting into a commanded blessing. Father, take every word that every minister spoke and command that message to become a blessing. Father, we thank you for your goodness and for your all that you've done. Father, may this meeting produce testimony like never before. We thank you for the child. We thank you for his efforts, for his labors of love, for the bride. We thank you for all the speakers that spoke, Lord. They spoke speak it spoken words. May the spirit of God come behind every message that as we go back to our various homes shall experience your power. We thank you for all and for all. Till we meet again, Father, keep us under the canopy of the seven seal, the canopy of life. May we think on you always, Father. If we don't have time to meet again, we shall meet at Jesus's feet. We thank you for all and for all. For we ask all these things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ with thanksgiving and with humility. The church says, "Amen." May God richly bless you. She back some of the time. Are you blessed tonight? [Applause] [Music] Amen. God bless you, church. Amen. Have you had such a wonderful time in the meetings? Amen. I believe we're all going back with a testimony that we have seen Jesus. Amen. You may please be seated. Just an announcement before we are dismissed. Um, for all those who requested for the DVDs and you have not made your payment, kindly do so tonight before you leave the premises. So, if you have not made your payment and you requested for the DVDs, kindly do so. Just a second. [Music] All right. Um I'm sure you can hear the sound of the rain. Um it's um raining heavily outside. So you're advised to please wait um under the tent. um buses will be made available to convene us to the hotel ground. Is that understood? So while we are waiting, let's turn around and shake one another. Say we'll miss you. Pray for me and I will pray for you. God richly bless you. You're my brother. You're my sister. So me by the [Music] hand [Music] together softly. Um it's been it was earlier announced that um the ministers are are supposed to wait behind to take the photograph. So that will be done right now. God bless you. You're my brother. You're my sister. Take me by the hand. Together we will walk until he comes. There's no fo that can defeat us. While we're walking side by side, together we will. You're my brother, you're my sister. So take me by the hand. Together we will walk until he comes. There's no fo that can defeat us while we walking side by side. As long as there is love, we will stand. You're my brother, you're my sister. Please take me by the hand. Together we will walk until he comes. There's no foe that can defeat us. Walking side by side as long as there is love. Oh, you're my brother, you're my sister. Take me by the hand. Together we will walk till he comes. There's no f that can defeat us. While we're walking side by side, as long as there is love, we will stand. [Music] Jesus love is bubbling over. Jesus love is bubbling over. Jesus love is bubbling over. Hallelujah. Jesus love is bubbling over. Jesus love is bubbling over. Jesus love is bubbling over. Hallelujah. I say that Jesus love marveling over Jesus love. Jesus love. Oh [Music] hallelujah. Jesus love bubbling over. Jesus love bubbling over. Jesus love coming over. Hallelujah. Let's take the first word out. Love bubbling over. Love bubbling over. Love bubbling over. Hallelujah. Bubbling over. Bubbling over. Bubbling over. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Over over high. Let's confuse Satan. [Music] Everybody say how Jesus loves bubbling over. Jesus love bubbling over. Jesus love is bubbling over for the final time. Love is bubbling over. Jesus love bubbling over. Jesus love bubbling over. Hallelujah. Jesus love bubbling over. I'm falling over. Jesus [Music] love. Hallelujah. Jesus love bubbling over. Jesus love bubbling over. Jesus love bubbling over. All right. Um the minister's wife and pastor's wife can also come forward. [Music]
