################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2015-10-04 - The Lamb And The Dove - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2015-10-04
Title:    The Lamb And The Dove - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle
Speaker:  Theo Ovid
Church:   Headstone Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 8m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMVIhnnHi5g
========================================

Description:
This message was preached on Sunday October 04, 2015 PM at Headstone Tabernacle.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oh Christ so real. Oh and I I love him cuz he gives me the victory. Oh many people die. Oh but I can't live without. Oh and that is why I love him so cuz he's so real. Oh I know he is real real. Oh yes. Christ is real to me. Oh, and now I love. Oh, because he gives me the victory. Oh, and many people. Oh, now that I can't live without Oh, and that is why I love him so cuz he Oh, one more time. I know he is real, real, real. Oh, yes. Christ is real to me. Oh, and I love Oh, he gives me the victory. Oh, and many people die. Oh, but I can't live without. Oh, and that is why I love his so one more time. I know he's real. Oh yes, Lord. Christ so real to me. Oh, and I I love Oh, cuz he gives me the victory. Oh, and many people die. Oh, but I can't lift it up. Oh, and that is why I love his so one more time. He is real. Oh, he is real. Oh, yes. Christ is real to me. Oh, and my love. Oh, he gives me the victory. Oh, and many people die. Oh, now I can't live without. Oh, and that is why I love him so cuz he's so Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Oh yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, and many people die. Oh, now I can't live without him. And that is why I love him so cuz he's so real to me. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. Amen. Just want to sing one more song before we get ready to change altar service. I say yes, Lord. I say yes to your will, Lord. I say yes. Where you lead me, I will go. How many you want to say that this evening? Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. All over the building. I say yes, Lord. Oh, I say yes to your will, Lord. to you. Hallelujah. I say yes. I say yes. And where you lead me or where you lead me, I will go high. I say yes Lord. I say Lord. I say yes. Hallelujah. I say yes. I say yes, Lord. Oh, I say yes to your will, Lord. [Music] [Applause] So say where you lead me, where you lead [Music] me, I will go. I say yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. [Music] I say let's bow our heads. Father God, we thank you. We say yes to your will. Yes to your word. Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Father God, may you send grace upon every soul here tonight. And those that would hear this message, speak to our hearts, and transform our lives. We say yes to your word, to your truth in these difficult times. Guide us by your word, great Jehovah. May the fire of God go before us. The dove come and lead the eagles this evening. In Jesus name we ask it. Amen. And amen. We have one scripture this evening from St. John chapter 1 from verse 29 to 33. I want to go straight to the word of God this evening. St. John chapter 1 verse 29 we read the next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him and saith behold the lamb of God which take away the sin of the world. This is he of whom I said after me, cometh a man which is preferred before me, for he was before me, and I knew him not, but that he should be made manifest to Israel. Therefore am I come baptiz him with water. And John bare record saying, I saw the Spirit descending from heaven like a dove, and it abodeed upon him, and I knew him not, but he that sent me to baptize with water. The same said unto me, upon whom thou shalt see, the spirit descending, and remaining on him, the same is he which baptizeth with the Holy Ghost. May God add bless the blessing of the reading of his word. Father, we pray that you would take this word and take like an arrow and drive it straight into our hearts. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. You may be seated. I like that description that John have here in verse 33. Upon whom thou shalt see the spirit descending and remaining on him, the same is he which baptizeth with the Holy Ghost. So what's he's also saying? The spirit could descend and not remain. But you want the spirit to descend and remain. Amen. So this evening I have a title, the lamb and the dove and I have an inspiration dove leading eagle. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. Praise God. Give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise God. The dove. Amen. Amen. To lead the eagles. Not some man to lead the eagles, the dove to lead the eagles. Hallelujah. God promised eagles in the last days. Amen. Hallelujah. Eagles that could gather together. Eagles that could soar. Isn't that right? Eagles that have built-in things in them to overcome to fly into the storm. So, I want to share some things from the message of the same title, Lamb of and Dove. And and and I read this scripture this morning. Remember the former things of old. For I am God and there is none else. I am God and there is none like me. Declaring the end from the beginning and from ancient times the things that are not yet done, saying, "My counsel shall stand and I will do all my pleasure." Hallelujah. And I love that that God could declare the end from the beginning. So he doesn't have to wait for everything to unfold. He could speak a word and that word is yet to be but you believe it and that's faith it's the substance of what you're hoping for. He could speak a word of your life 10 years from now to come and that can't fail because whatever God said got to come to pass. It got to it's truth. Isn't that right? It can't fail. Like I think one time in the prayer line a discernment uh but a man was calling out a woman and say you live in such and such a place and such and such a place and a friend was nearby say but she not living there. I know and what not and she was doubting and afterwards when the whole thing get exposed she say hey I forget to tell you I move out last week. Praise God. So she thought the rumor was lying. It wasn't true. But God word can't fail. God knows all things. So you are challenged to lift your faith up and trust God and watch the devil and laugh in his face because God counsel will stand. I'm not hearing you this evening. Glory to God. He said, "My counsel shall stand and I shall do all my pleasure." Oh, glory. Please God to pour his spirit upon you. That's why he said this is my beloved son in whom I am well pleased to dwell in. Oh glory to God. John didn't know who it was. All he know God tell him a sign. The one upon whom you see the spirit descending and remaining. That's the one to identify. Oh glory to God. That mean the spirit have to come down. Nobody could stop it because the spirit is promised in the last days. It shall come to pass afterwards. I will pour out my spirit. Young men shall see visions. Old men shall dream dreams upon my handmaidaidens. I will pour out my spirit in the last days. No demon could stop it. The little hell has been uncovered and that can't even stop it. Filthy demons can't stop it. I don't care what the devil put out there. God's purpose and counsel must stand. We letting the devil know that today. I don't care what happened in your life in the times past. He has declared the end from the beginning. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Praise God. Where was thou when I laid the foundation of the earth and the mornings I sang together and the son of God shouted for joy. You didn't have depression back there. You wasn't struggling to pay your bills back there. No, you were having a great time when you saw the cap coming on the pyramid. Isn't that right? You were shouting. You were praising God. You wasn't teary eyed and depressed and fed up and want to give up and you can't take it no more. You wasn't talking like that. You were shouting and praising God because you were back there before. We here to remind you where you come from. We here to tell you where you're going and the devil have no part with you because he came in the beginning but you were before the beginning. That's why we are here this evening. That's why the spirit had to find Jesus because Jesus was a son. He was a born son. He was a predestinated son. And the spirit had to find him at the appointed time. And when his time came, nothing could stop it. The Pharisees couldn't stop it. The Sadducees couldn't stop it. The spirit of God descended upon him. And John saw it. He said, "The spirit of Jesus is upon me because he had anointed me." And if Jesus had to be anointed, you have got to be anointed. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Therefore, you are here today to receive the anointing of the Holy Ghost. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Fight for it. Press for it. Amen. Claim it. Act upon it. You are here to receive something from the Lord. Oh, glory to God. Do you understand what is happening? The spirit have to come upon you. It has to come and remain. It has to come and stay. It have to come and abide. It can't come on a wolf. It can't come on a snake. It can't come on bad behavior. But the dove will come to the lamb. It's the dove and the lamb. Oh, glory to God. Give the Lord a shout of praise. be seated. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Though I know all mysteries, seven thunder, seven seals, mystery inside, out on the backside, front side, left side, right side, all the sides it have, hidden, unhidden, all kind of mysteries, trumpet, fires, plague, woes, whatever. You name 304, seven thunder, seven seas, any mystery you could think about. Do I know all of that and have no charity? Still nothing. Still wasting time. Zero not ne nada nothing. Oh glory to God. Though I give my body to be burned, still not neither nothing. Charity suffered long as it can. Charity faulted at itself. Is not easily provoked. It beareth all things. It believeth all things. It hope all things. It enjoyed all things. Charity never failth. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. We want that robe of love. We want that power that the devil cannot touch. He can impersonate every gift. But he cannot impersonate the love of God. How rich, how pure, how measurless and strong. It shall forever more endure. The saints an angel song or give the Lord a shout of praise. Nothing could stop it. Nothing could hinder it. Nothing could conquer it. It can't fail. It never failth. Oh, give the Lord some praises even upon whom you see your spirit descending. Hallelujah. and remaining. [Applause] [Music] Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, this is good. I call this applied Christianity. I'm not talking about the regular come to church Christianity. I'm talking about what you can apply to attract that dove to come to you because it's what you do going to bring that dove to you. is your behavior will determine whether that dove will be attracted to you. You and that dove must lock eyes. You must d have sweet eye. That dove have to cool. That dove has to brood. That do have to come and hold over. When the crosses darkness was upon the deep and the spirit of God move upon the face of the water. The spirit of God was like a dove. It was brooding over the trouble waters. And when the spirit begin to move, then God said, "Let there be light." When the spirit begins to move, you can look out for the voice of God. We are here to create atmosphere. We are here to create atmosphere. Atmosphere already here upon whom you see the spirit descending and remaining. That's the one that going to baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire. Well, give the Lord a shout. Oh, I feel energized this evening. I feel empowered this evening. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Oh, glory. Glory. My God. My my you will be seasoned. Look at the drama. All right. 400 years. Saties. All right. It seems scribes. I know the tracks. Praise God. I know their books playing their tapes. This one of this doctrine. That one of that doctrine. Humans. Hallelujah. Natural people. None of them hearing from God. They under rituals, historical rituals. They under the tradition of the elders who was there for donkey years. All they know is what the elders did and what the elders did before that. The first man to interrupt them was a word message from John the Baptist. A rugged man with the name Eleaza or Ezekiel or any kind of strange name. His name was John. A wilderness man called aside by God eaten wild ocas and honey. come out the wilderness because he had to pick up the scripture. The voice of one cry in the wilderness. Not no manifestation. Just a voice. A voice. No signs, no wonders, no miracles. Just the ministry of the word. Just a voice saying fire is coming. Power is coming. Dynamics is coming. Just the spirit of prophecy upon John the Baptist. Oh hallelujah. No miracles, no signs, no decoration of power. And he said there is one standing among you whom you know not. He is going to do something special. He's going to burn. Fire going to come out his mouth. Fire going to come. Fire. That's what we here for. That's what we here for this evening. For the fire of God. Oh hallelujah. Oh glory to God. Oh hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. This council going to stand. God declared the end from the beginning. So if God declare your adoption, who's going to stop it? God told Joshua that land is to be conquered. Now watch Joshua had go through the process yet. But God tell him the end from the beginning. He said all the land from Gishi to here. All of that shall be your coast. No man shall be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life. He's given him the end. He's given him the target. He's given him what he's going after. Don't short yourself. You are going to be a Christian. Come on now. Don't short yourself. [Applause] The enemy trying to take my voice, but forget about it. You try to short yourself. We come out to go in. You may be seated. I come out to go in. We're going to get fight with the world. Of course, the world will give us a fight. The devil must fight you. You're going to get fight with lust of the eyes. You'll get fight with lust of the flesh. You'll get fight with the pride of life. You must get fight. If you're not getting fight, something is wrong with you. It means you get beat up already. It means you have no more licks to get. It means you on the floor. But if you're fighting, keep on fighting. It's got to be a fight. Come on, say amen, somebody. Oh, glory to God. If the devil is not troubling you, he have you. I'm not hearing you. If the devil is not troubling you, he have you in his prison. He's hand food now and again. But if the devil is troubling you, he's worried about you because he don't know who you are. He don't know whose you are. He don't know where you come from and he don't know where you're going. But you come from God and you are going back to God. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The fire is in the building. Yeah. The power is in the building. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. The spirit is here for deliverance. The spirit is here for a breakthrough. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. The spirit of God is here. Oh, glory to God. Deliverance time is now. Oh yes. Yes. Breakthrough time is now. Victory time is now. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. Open your mouth and shout. Open your mouth and praise your God. Open your mouth and worship. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] You may be seated. So listen to this. Amen. All of a sudden, Amen. people getting convicted. By the voice of the word, through John. All right. He said, "Repent." Hallelujah. He said, "Bring forth fruit. Meet unto repentance." And all you seen is a natural progression of humans being baptized in water. But this day was different. This day, John didn't see a human. This day, John saw a dove. He saw the spirit descending. They never saw that before. This was the first time they saw the spirit descending as a dove upon the lamb. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. That's why John could say, "Behold the lamb of God." Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. And once the dove comes among us, it come to lead. Come on now. And as many as are led by the spirit, they [Applause] are glory. As many as are led by the spirit, they are the sons of God. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. So all these years, my Jesus, those seven virtues were supposed to make bring us to be lamblike. All the virtues was to teach us how to get out of the way. All those virtues was to bring us to a place where our spirit is broken, where we lost our own will, our own choices, and our own way. where we surrender totally and completely that we can be led by the spirit into the wilderness where he leads me there. I'm going to follow. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. The dove can't come on arrogance. You may be seated. The dove can't come on pride. The dove can't come on hostile ministers, evil people, angry, hateful people. There is a requirement for the dove to land. The dove could hover over, but he's not going to rest until Oh my god, I wish I had the voice that the dove he is flying over, but he want to rest. He want to descend and remain. Woo! Amen. Hallelujah. You may be seated, Jesus. Come on now. Come on now. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. I heard of somebody say fame and fortune could get you through the front door, but it's character to keep you on the stage. Yes. personality and superfluity and all your ways can get you to to meet people and greet people and see people. But if you don't have character, you're going to fade after a while. That dove is looking to land all over the world. That dove is flying across this message all over the world. They could believe this. They could believe that. It doesn't matter what they believe is whether or not the runway is prepared for the landing of the dove. And if the dove has seen no place to land, he is not landing. Praise God. This is not Air Force One. This is dove one. This is the same dove that that came upon Jesus must come upon sons to be born in the last days. Jesus was our example, see son. And if the spirit came upon him, that spirit come upon you also. Notice, notice. Let me read a little thing here. You will be seated. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. It's a short service this evening, but I know it'll be inspiring to you. You will understand all the mysteries. You heard me read it already. But pray a prayer that the mysteries be revealed that we may know how to conduct ourselves and behave ourselves. What is he talking about? All the mysteries you see divine revelation makes you humble because you didn't give yourself you didn't study it is the Lord himself. Flesh and blood had not revealed it unto you. But my father in heaven when you understand the grace and sovereignity of God has revealed his love to you. You can't boast. You can't brag. You can't feel you better than somebody else. It's the grace of God that you are who you are. That you have the ability to hear direct from God. Just to hear. Oh, you could shout about that. Many people would love to hear the voice of God. But you heard it. We are hearing it. We heard it in the last days. The voice of God. And it has the ability to make us act upon what we hear. You see, if you don't act, you haven't heard it. But when you hear it, you got to act upon it. A man have never heard the voice of God and not act on it. Once you hear God's voice, something got to move you. Something got to stir you. Something got to fire you. Daniel said those prophets said it's like fire lock up in my bones. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh glory to God. How many looking for a transformation? How many looking for a change? You come in here like a pig and you're going to walk out here a lamb. Give the Lord a shout of praise. You heard what I said. You come in here like a pig, but you're going to leave a lamb. That is what the gospel was given for. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. My God. My God. Oh, glory. Let me read something. Brother Brandon, you may be seated. It's a strange thing to think that when God chose to represent the sun on earth, he represented him in a creature called a lamb. And many times we might wonder why he was called a lamb. A lamb is the meakest of all creatures of the earth. There is nothing no meaker than a lamb. And the Orthodox Church knew they had to offer up a lamb as a substitute for sin, knowing that God had passed the penalty of death and something must die. And the life was in the blood and the life was in Jesus Christ. And he was the lamb of God. And the Virgin Mary was overshadowed by the Holy Spirit. And God created in a womb a blood cell that brought forth the Messiah, Jesus Christ. It was the blood cell of God that when he died and the blood cell was broken, the spirit was released to call and bring forth other sons of God. You heard what I said? When he died at Calvary and his blood cell was broken, the spirit was released in every age and not one of them missed it because God purpose must stand. He has declared the end from the beginning. In other words, he see it here and come back here and work it out right here. You not hearing what I am saying? He sees the end. He come back to the beginning and start from here. We are going to where we come from and we come from where we are going. Give the Lord a shout in the house this evening. Now watch. Oh, glory to God. Therefore, my praise God. The innocent lovely lamb is a great creature. God liken us to lambs. The lamb is an animal that cannot make his own way. We find out we can't make our own way. We have to lean upon his arms, upon his guidance. Notice the mest of birds is the dove. And many times it represent the Holy Spirit. And notice the dove is a sign of peace. Wonderful peace. The dove is one bird. The crow is the scavenger another bird. He can't eat the diet of a scavenger because his makeup is different. He has no gall. He has no bitterness. He has no gall. He has no bitterness. He can't digest the things of the world. He can only eat clean and pure things. is a type of the Christian that packs the dove in his heart. No gall of bitterness, no root of bitterness. They do you this, so what they do you that, so what they do you the other, so what? God's purpose must stand. They lie on you, so what they hate you, so what they give up on you, so what? The purpose of God must stand. I shall do my pleasure. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Are you with me? Are you with me, sister? You're going to be blessed, brother. You're going to be blessed. You stay with the word, you've got to be blessed. The devil is a liar. He is angry. He can't enjoy this supernatural presence. He was kicked out of heavenly places. He don't want this. He can't have this. This belongs to us. This belongs. This is our home. We belong in here. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] What sin? It is Christ that justify it. Oh, glory to God. What sin could that devil accuse you of? You are free. Come on, Johnny Crow. You are free. Come on now. We cut the cause this morning. We broke the chains this morning. You are free to jump. You are free to shout. You are free to praise God. You are [Applause] free. Glory. Receive. Glory. What complex? Kill that. It's a no complex. The only complex we have is faith. virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience. You have no inferiority complex. You have no You're too small, you're too big, you're too tall, you don't have the education. Forget that. All he knew, he called. All he called, he justified. All he justified, he had. Oh. Oh, glory. Glory. Glory to God. [Applause] Not some he for you. You may be seated. To for knew you is to know you before. So I could say although he knew before he had justified. The word justify means you never did it. The devil can't come and point no finger. I will tell him go back with your finger on your hand. Don't come and point no finger or he fall you. We are justified today. As if we never did it. My God. I feel like coming out here and say amen. Preacher. Preacher. Praise God. Amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give [Applause] me Jesus. Let me get a sample. You ever gone in a place and have samples? Go in price m sample. Yes. To teach you to buy. My Jesus. Amen. Samples. This this this this is not the giving away things now. No, they're trying to stimulate to buy their stuff. Amen. Well, we we selling something and we giving a sample woman caught in the very act. Give us a sample of adultery. Sample. Scribe and Francis come with the books and tapes. We hear it. We play it. The woman guilty as charged. Stone. We have the rules. All right. We have the Lord. The book is there. All right. Who knows the end from the beginning. All right. That woman name is in the book. She doesn't even know it. That woman is free. She doesn't know it. She's in tears. But she is free. She is forgiven. But she is broken. She doesn't know it yet. Yet. Yet. [Music] Her accusers are ready. But God purpose must stand because he declared the end from the beginning. [Applause] [Music] Jesus said a simple word. Which one of you without sin cast the first stone? Well, you can see the elder in the camp. He now remember he had to pay some bills. And they can see the deacon in the camp. He was scrambling because he forget he had to pick up the groceries for his wife. All of them dropped the stone and said, "I have excuse." And Jesus gave them time out. He turned his back to them. He gave them time out for them to look at the self and let the conscience bother them and trouble them because all they want to condemn on the high horses have things in their closet all hidden up. So Jesus wanted to bust them and expose them. Before you rip into this woman, before you condemn this woman, before you point all your fingers at this woman, there are some fingers pointed back at you. And they all left. And when Jesus broke the silence, he said, "Woman, let's call this trial. Let's court the call case, the court case. Woman, stand forward. Witnesses come forward." None. If there are no witnesses, you have to dismiss the case. Jesus said, "Where are the witnesses? None, my Lord. Neither do I condemn thee. Now go and sin. No more. No more. No more. What was that woman do? My God. I was going to dance in the street. Oh, glory to God. I was going to shout like I never shouted before because I I can tell you this. Who the son of man set free is free indeed. Come on now. Glory to God. You see, you see, you may be seated. You see, if you leave Egypt and you're not sure how free you are, the devil like Pharaoh could see you as a runaway slave. So, he want to get you back. As far as he concerned, you leave his territory. As far as he's concerned, you belong to the devil. But we are saying no Satan, no Satan, we don't belong to you. We are not runaway slaves. We are a liberated people. We are people set free by the blood of the lamb. I know the blood is not preached much but the blood prevails. Despite what the people say, despite what the devil say. Oh, the blood prevails. No matter what the devil say. Thank God. Thank God the blood prevails. To show you how powerful this thing is. You may be seated. Brother Brham said if the power is to come among a people it wouldn't even be their prayer. It will be the grace of God. Praying doesn't mean power. It's still the grace of God. Grace is sovereign. Grace is from a sovereign one. Is from a sovereign king. He give to whomsoever he will. He redeem whoever he will. He redeeming the fornown, the elected, the predestinated. The word bride. You want to tell me that God sees me as a world bride and I am dead and depressed. No devil every day. I'm getting stronger. Every day the devil getting nervous because the people that know their God shall be strong and do great exploits. The devil is having a nervous time this evening because he thought after food you'll be dead. He thought after this morning service you would come in here. to crank you up. But he has something coming. We not about to crank you up. You are fired up, ready to go. Glory to God. Hallelujah. You are fired and ready to go. We're going to burn out the meat. We're going to burn out the food this evening. We're going to shout like we never shouted before because we see our names in the Lamb's book of life. And we know who the Solomon set free is free indeed. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. My my my my [Applause] my. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Friends, meekness is not weakness. Meekness is power in control. Oh, hallelujah. Not because the man looking meek, that does not mean he is weak. Come on, say amen, somebody. What man called great, God called foolish. And what God call foolish. What man called foolish, God called great. You may be seated. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Woo. My my my feel mighty moving of his spirit. I feel the breath of God upon you. He breathe upon the receiving the Holy Ghost. I feel the breath of God upon you this evening. We are moving into the supernatural. We are moving into the dove descending and remaining. We are moving into people that know their God. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. In every age, they had to have a people that God must anoint. But listen to this. Why did he choose the lamb and the dove? Is because the dove could not abide in nothing else but a lamb. The natures are the same. Let me drop this in here. All these ministers impersonating ranking the self, crowning the self, anointing the self, pretending the self, playing the self, and the beef on display. Brother Brandham said it takes a humble heart dedicated to God to bring Jesus Christ into present tense. So after a while, all the talk get exposed, you know, all the mouth champions, all who only voicing and talking and yapping and they're not living anything and they have nothing to show God. all that going to get exposure now because it takes a humble heart dedicated to God. So when Jesus took his belt and beat them out the temple that was humble heart wrecking the show and telling them my father's house shall be called a house of prayer. Don't miss that mistake of arrogance or bad behavior. No, he was angry. You ever see a man angry with a smile? What kind of anger is that? All right. He was angry. He was angry because it was corrupting the house of God with money changers and selling of doves and birds and he beat them up and throw them over the tables and whatnot. He was angry. Say my father's zeal of my father's house had eaten me up. His passion for the father's house. And that's what God bringing inside of here. Certain things we have tolerated we will no longer tolerate. We will smoke you up or smoke you out or you will choose your way out. But this church is not going to be the same. We're going to take some fire bombs and just throw it. Praise God. That's what the the turners are going to do. My God. After you cross a border, you blow up the bridge behind you. No turning back. Don't leave no old man and husband to go back with. Don't know your old fornication unclean to go back with. Bun it. Blow it up. Praise God. Break it down. You're only moving forward. Everything make a step. Blow the bridge behind you. You have nothing to fall back on. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Like that man who went across in South America, when he reached to conquer the land, when he reached what he told them, he said, "Burn the boats." They say, "You got to be kidding." He wanted them to get desperate. That's right. And some of them saying, "But this is what to take us back." He said, "No, we have to take their boats. We're going to burn ours so we not going back on ours." He forced them to fight. He forced them to press. He forced them to say, "You know what? My bird bone. I've got to get the boats that they have. And to get them, you have to fight. They're not giving you their boats. They're not selling you their boats. The devil not stupid. The devil not giving you a offer for you just to take it. What he took from you, you got to take it back." And the kingdom suffer violence. and the violent take it by force. Tell somebody take it by force. Tell somebody [Applause] [Applause] this what we are standing for is nonnegotiable. [Applause] We're not negotiating this. We're not negotiating signs, wonders, miracles, revival spirit, overcoming power of God, supernatural omnipotence, speaking the word miraculous. We are not negotiating that. We are declaring it's action time. Do you understand? Thank you. The spirit that is now upon you is against the evil spirits that is in your home or attacking your home. When you go home, you are walking with an anointing with a light, with a lamp, with a power, with an uncction. You got to believe it. You got to have faith in it. You got to know it. When you walk in, the devil walk out. When you come through the front door, the devil take the back door. He want to know if it's abiding. He's walking around the house because he's not sure if this going to stay. If this going to remain. You see, you got to act right. You got to talk right. You got to live right for this dog to abide. It's going to abide. Somebody going to get the abiding. That's why I'm almost done. That's why I call it applied Christianity because this is things you could apply to be sweet to your wife to get in temper spasm and temper spells because when the temper act up the do b said the dove not fire far away the dove waiting for they get lamblike again as soon get lamblike the dove draw nearer nearer as they get wolf like he's going further and further he wants to come because you're a son but your behavior and the landing pad is not good enough for the dust the land when he tried to land he's a woo not not now not now the kind of temper he's in not now I I I I check him back a little later see that wife and she rude mouth and so not not now not now see how she mouth little peppery and so on like a whip and so on not now I'm going to hang outside until she cool down and when it kind of cool down the doo like it brooding that droo Lord God forgive me. Oh, the dove loves that. Oh, God, I repent. God, the dove loves that. Lord, I'm going to make things right. The dove loves that. I'm humbling myself. The dove loves that. Oh, these things. The dove just love and dove keeps coming and coming. Hallelujah. Comes and land like right now. It's upon you. I know it's upon you. I feel it. I know it. Say it's upon you right now. The devil is not upon you. The dove is upon you. I'm saying it right to your face. The dove is upon you right now. Better you keep him is a different thing. I'm not preaching the dove and the wolf. I'm preaching the dove and the lamb. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Mark the perfect man. He can bridle his tongue. Amen. Amen. Mark the imperfect man, his tongue is loose. Mark the church world who in between. So you see in terms of temperance and patience, God must set it up for something to happen. All these thunders and all these mysteries and virtues, you really expect to sit on a church bench to him that overcome it. To him that does God say to him that said amen. If he says to him that say amen shall I grant a sit on my throne. It's thousand sitting on his throne. You know just have to say amen. Hallelujah. And they get through. But Jesus to him that overcome it as I overcome. Oh it stop. You mean Jesus had overcome. Yes. Overcome what? Lust of the eyes, lust of the flesh. God put Jes with wings on him and say fly away. Oh glory. Praise God. Hallelujah. Jesus didn't come like that. When Lazarus was dead and he come everybody cry, he cry too. He not like these freak these hypocritical freak boy but he wife dead and he cry as if that's a spiritual something. My wife died and I cry. What kind of nonsense is that? It's my wife all these years and I ain't cry as a man. I ain't cry. But Jesus was Jesus cry. But after he finish crying you say where have you laid him? You know was tears over that's emotional time I had a time for that but now I fix up that fix up already I cried where where have you laid him then Jesus groan in the spirit he come out of human crying and groan in the spirit where have you laid him he groan in the spirit what happening there anointing start to come voice angel oh voice of the archangel then Jesus gave a big promise boy if you're sick you'll get healed the man dead. He said he that believeth on me, you know, he said, he said, "I am the resurrection and the life." He was giving him a promise that he didn't have before. Understand is the man dead that's in the human realm. But yes, when we go awake, I am the resurrection. So people are connected that promise to activate it. That promise was the SIM card to put in the phone to activate Shazawa's resurrection. I am the resurrection and the life. That healing saw the phone ain't going ring but when keep putting that inside the car even now Lord whatsoever you shall ask oh let's call on the line Lazarus comfort Lazarus heard it because this this cell phone thing here working different that voice does travel they only impersonating what we already have that voice passed through the regions of the lost to regions of the dead that voice was sounding Lazarus, Lazarus, Lazarus, Lazarus, Lazarus, Lazarus. When that voice found that soul to pull in the come forth, come forth, come forth, come forth. And when that voice, God purpose going to stand. When that voice begin to ricochet in this church, in this island, across the world, nothing going to stop it. The grave is going to hear it. Glory to God. The dead going to come forth. [Applause] Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So you realize the dove can come and Oh, thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Devil try something you know. Hallelujah. That is right. That is privilege. Amen. Keep on trying. Devil that we didn't stop. Praise God. What we going to have this evening? I'm almost done. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Give the Lord some [Applause] praises. That's what we're talking about. When one fail, you fire next one. When gun one got some firing, take next gun. Boom. Boom. When this finish, you pull out one. Boom. Boom. Right. When you're finished with the guns, you take the bow and arrows. Then you go to the slingshot. Then you go to the wrong man. Hallelujah. Praise God. every weapon on board. Give the Lord a shout. Watch the reason the two could dwell together. Their natures were meek, lowly, humble, they could dwell together. When God and Christ became one, then the dove came under the lamb. Heaven and earth kissed each other. God and man was reconciled together. One of the greatest moment when the dove and the lamb came together. Amen. If you watch the dove, the reason it stayed on the lamb because the nature was the same. And the reason the dove stays on the Christian, he will stay there as long as he's a lamb. But when he takes a different nature, the dove takes his flight. So people testify when I come to the Lord, it was so sweet and loving and what not. Yeah, you were loving and sweet. Hallelujah. And then you say the wife God give me. Hallelujah. Then you say the husband are married. Then you say the children is trouble, you know, all time. They want the children, but you get them. Then they complain about the job and the pay and the shoes and the house and the roof leaking and they can't pay this and all kind of things. But when you examine it, it's only relative. Like when they go to the states, it I drive 5 miles and find 5 hours. 5 hours in one shot and we go to where we have to go. When we come back to Trinidad, Toko is just up there for us. Mero is just down there a and a half like a small thing. It's relative. What are you complaining about? What trials have you been through? What will have you faced? You're fussing. Fing for what? You have to raise above that. The real test is yet to come. This morning is preparing for the hour of battle. Not the hour of chithat. Hallelujah. Yeah. Yeah. When a boxer preparing and the training and whatnot, they have somebody who impersonating the real fighter, but that not the real fight. Somebody trying to act like that and you're boxing and you're rehearsing that the rehearsals in your show. But when the real ring come and ping ping ping ping, let's get ready to rumble. Amen. And all them people roaring, it's a different kind of feel, you know. Hallelujah. Because you can get knock out cold. Praise God. It's a different kind of feel, you know. This could be a big payday or a big payout, a big out for you. So when the real time come for fight, that's what it is, you know, and you're jumping and you're sweating and you and what not and all the fancy name uh they call it um um this um um um some kind of a hard rock thing. You can see my iron might tighten and some fancy name behind it, you know, this rough thing and all kind of thing and all kind of big fancy name and eventually big fs. Hallelujah. All the big fans get blows. Glory. My goodness. And God waited for all the ages to let the devil do his doom because the devil only have seven tricks he could come up with. Hallelujah. And God have to get the techniques of the seven times of this battle. Amen. For God to get a blueprint of what we have to deal with in the last days. So what the devil didn't know, God is recording his techniques over all these seven ages. And and God have seven thunders, seven voices that challenge the demon powers in seven church ages. And God pack all those voices and leave it for the last age. So we have all the knockout punch that every age knock out the devil with. And we have it combined now. When you have one thunder, two thunder, three thunders, we have all seven in this last day. It's in our pocket. It's in our hands. It's in our hearts. We walking with this. We are God's voice. Ah, in the last days we become the thunders itself. We become the mystery itself. When they say the thunder not revealed, they're not talking about us. They're not talking to us because we are the mystery of Christ and Christ is the mystery of God. Do you not hear what I am saying? Just as God revealed, just as Jesus revealed God, we will reveal Jesus Christ. Oh, give the Lord a shout because the bride will be the final voice to the final age. Oh, glory to God. Do you believe that? Do you feel that way? Let's stand and give God a shout. Oh, I'm done. Father God, let a fire fall upon your sons and daughters. In Jesus name, I ask it. Amen and [Applause] amen. Amen. Amen. Let's praise him. Let's worship him. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory be to God. Glory be to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Father, we praise you, Father. We glorify your holy name, oh God. Father, oh, we give you the highest praise, oh God. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, give him praise. Give him praise right now. [Applause] [Music] Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give him praise right now. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] are worthy is the lamb. Oh, seated on the throne. Oh, we crown you now with many cry. Oh, you reign victorious. Oh, you are lifted up. Oh Jesus, son of God. Oh the treasure of heaven grew high. Oh worthy the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy. Oh, worthy. The lamb. Oh, seated on. Well, seated on the throne. Oh, we cry now with many cry. Oh, you reign victori. Oh, you are heavenly. Oh Jesus, son of God. Oh the treasure of heaven grew save. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise right now. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, we give you praise. We give you honor. We give you glory this evening. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord Jesus. You reign victorious. Oh you are [Music] highly. Oh Jesus God. Oh, the treasure of heaven crew shine. Worthy is the [Applause] lamb. Worthy is the [Laughter] [Applause] lamb. Oh, give him praise this evening. Hallelujah. Father, we thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, how many appreciate the message today? What an inspiration. What an anointing in the house of almighty God. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. We pray you'll be blessed. We pray you be inspired this evening. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. You turn around, get your brother, greet your sister one more time. Hallelujah. Give me a key on the wings of a snow white dove. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. On the wings of us go by the God senses be sweet love a sound from above. Oh, on the wings of Oh, on the wings of a D. Well, on the wings of snow. Oh, God sense is pure. Sweet love. A shine from above. A shine from above. Ooh, on the wings. Oh, one more time. Get ready to come forward. Oh, on the wings. Well, on the wings a slow. Oh, God sense is pure sweet love on a sign from above. Oh, from above. Oh, on the wings of the dove. middle lesson. One more time on the snow. God senses pure sweet love aside from above. Oh, on the wings of a do. Oh, give the Lord a hand of praise this evening. Thank you, Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your wonderful name. Thank you, Father. Praise his holy name. Amen. Amen. Truly, it was good to have been here this evening. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Thank you, Lord. as we want to change the order of the service to start the communion portion of the service. Amen. Let's just enter our Bibles. Amen. To first Corinthians chapter 11. Thank you, Lord 23- 32. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we pray that as we read your word this evening, you bless it and inspire our hearts, Father, in your precious name. Amen. Verse 23. For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed, took bread. And when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me." After the same manner also he took the cup when he had stopped, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as often as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, ye do show the Lord's death till he come. Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eat eateth and drinkkeeth unworthily eateth and drinkketh damnation to himself, not desiring the Lord's body. For this cause many are weak and sickly among you and many sleep. For if we will judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasing of the Lord that we should not be condemned with the world. Amen. Let's just bow our heads and close our eyes. Amen. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we are here this evening, Lord, what an anointing, Lord, what a word has gone forth, Father. Lord, surely is the dove leading the eagles this evening, Father. Lord, we are so grateful in our hearts for your love towards us, Lord. Lord, how you justified us and had already glorified us, Lord. Lord, and bringing us, Lord, unto adoption, Father, Lord, we want to stay in your presence, dear God. Father, we pray as we bring the articles, Lord, the bread and the wine before you this evening. We pray that you bless these articles, Lord, and Lord, anoint them and inspire our hearts, Lord, as we partake, Lord, of the supper this evening, Lord. And if any be sick, may they be healed, Lord. Lord, oh God, may people be filled, may your people be filled with your Holy Spirit, even Lord, as they commune with you and with each other this evening, Father. Lord, our hearts burn within us this evening, Lord. Lord, that you would fill your people, Lord Jesus. Lord, we commit the reigning portion of this communion service into your hands in your precious name. Amen. Let's just keep our heads bowed and our eyes closed for a moment of silence. Amen. And you pray for the ministry as the ministry prays for you this evening. Amen. Come on. Praise the name of the Lord. You may be seated as the deacons. Amen. Get ready for the communion. Praise God. And the usher and the elders. Praise his wonderful name.
