################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2015-08-23 - The Ephesians Bride Comes Into View - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2015-08-23
Title:    The Ephesians Bride Comes Into View - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle
Speaker:  Theo Ovid
Church:   Headstone Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 20m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oA09_yT-Dmw
========================================

Description:
This message was preached on Sunday August 23, 2015 at Headstone Tabernacle.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
You are God alone. Lift your hands and sing. Lift your hands and say you are on your throne. You are right now and right. Oh in the good. You are on your throne. You are God alone. You are God. You are God. Oh, from before. You are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now, right now. Yes. In the good times. Oh, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God. Without the music. Without the music. Oh, you are God alone from before time began. Oh, you are on your throne. Lift your hands and sing. You are God alone. Oh, and right now in the good times and bad. Oh, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God. Oh, you are God. Well, you are God alone. Oh, from before time began. Oh, you are. Oh, you are God. Oh, come on, help me sing right now. Right now. In the good times. In the good times. You are on your throne. You are on your throne. You are God alone. Oh, one more time all together. You are God alone. Oh, from before time began. Oh, you are on your throne. You are God alone when right now. right now. Oh, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God. Oh, now lift your hands and just give him a shout of praise this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, you are God this morning. Oh, we worship you this morning. We praise you this morning. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. He can do something for you this morning. He can make a way this morning. He is God alone. He alone. Hallelujah. Praise God. Is able to provide your every need. Oh hallelujah. Oh give him a shout of praise. Give him a shout of praise. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely and allto together worthy and all together one. I invite you lift your hands, close your eyes and say, "Here I am. Here I am to work. Oh, here I am to bow. Oh, here I am to say that you're mine. You're all together. All together. You're all together. You're all together. Wonderful to. Oh here I am Lord. Here I am to worship. Oh here I am to bow. Oh here I am to say that you are mine. Oh Lord, you're all together love and all together all together wonder for one more time. Here I am, Lord. Here I am. [Music] Oh, let's worship the Lord. [Music] worship. You're my mother. You're my savior. You're my God. All together, all together worthy. Father, we praise you. Father, we bless you this morning. We worship the lamb this morning. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Yes, Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Worship. Hallelujah. That's what we here to do this morning. Worship. Hallelujah. Glory. Let him be your God this morning. Worship. Hallelujah. Glory. Forget about your providence. Forget about the past. Here I am, Lord. Here I am to worship. Here I am to enter to sing. You're my God. All together. All together. Oh, heat, heat. bow heads forward a prayer. Almighty God, I thank you for the vision of the word. I thank you for speaking to our hearts. I thank you for sending Malachi 4, that Elijah prophet to present an open vision to us that we could see where to walk that we could see where to go. Oh, we thank you for the seeds that have been planted in our hearts all these years. We ask you bring it to life today. Father, we ask that your presence saturate this place, Lord. May the water break out. May the windows of heaven open up and pour out your riches blessing upon your people. Bless your word this morning and may you be glorified in Jesus name we ask it. Amen. And amen. God bless you. If you have your Bibles, I'd like you to turn to Joshua chapter 13, Ephesians 1 and Ephesians 4 for a scripture reading this morning. God bless you and welcome. Amen. Reading from Joshua chapter 13. We want to read two verses of that chapter. Now Joshua was old and stricken in years. And the Lord said unto him, "Thou art old and stricken in years, and there remainth yet very much land to be possessed. This is the land that yet remainth. all the borders of the Philistines and all Gishiri and it went down to describe all the other borders and land. We want to turn to Ephesians chapter 1 reading from verse 3 to 5. I'll be after that we turn to Ephesians 4. We read from 4-3 reading Ephesians 3. Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who had blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ, according as he had chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will. Ephesians chapter 4, we read from verse 4. There is one body and one spirit, even as you're called in one hope of your calling. Amen. One Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of all, who is above all and through all and in you all. But unto every one of us is given grace, according to the measure of the gift of Christ. Wherefore he seeth, when he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive and give gifts unto men. Now he ascended. What is it? But he also descended first into the lower parts of the earth. He that descended is the same also that ascended up far above heavens that he might fill all things. And he gives some apostles, some prophets, some evangelists, some pastors and teachers. Amen. for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ, till we all come in the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. May God bless his word. You may be seated. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. This morning concludes a three-part series. And the title of this message this morning is the Ephesians bride comes into view. Amen. Hallelujah. That's the title of the message this morning. The Ephesians bride comes into view. Hallelujah. I have a subject another Ephesians. Amen. Amen. Amen. And I have an inspiration. The Ephesians bridge to glory land. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now this is a very very important service. Amen. Amen. Amen. It's very important service. Amen. I am trusting that it enlighten you uh into what God called you onto. Amen. And the church you want to belong to. Amen. Cuz everybody going to belong to a church. That's right. Everybody going to be in a church. Amen. There is one Lord. Yes sir. And there is one faith and there's one baptism. But there are many churches. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. Amen. This is Paul prayer to the Ephesians church in Ephesians 3:14-21. Listen to Paul. For this cause I bow my knees unto the father of our Lord Jesus Christ of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named. that he would grant you according to the riches of his glory to be strengthened with might by his spirit in the inner man. He is not talking about the outer man. He is talking about the inner man. You have an inner man. Yeah. A man on the inside that could be weak, worn out, failing, falling. A man that could be strengthened, empowered, inspired. You have an inner man. And your inner man is more important than the outward man. We take a lot of time on the outward man with clothes and face and dress and everything else, but what about the inner man? Amen. But Paul was praying that strength would come might by his spirit in the inner man. Because if your inner man is empowered, a lot of things around that your senses see would look so small and look so out of tune with your inner man that you will know who is in charge. Oh, glory to God. Because many time we let the outer man be in charge. Now we said something last week. The original man was a spirit man, not a flesh man. The Genesis one man was a spirit man. And God said there was no man to till the soil. So he put the real man in the five senses man. And man became a living soul. And in the beginning that man, that flesh man with spirit in him was led by the spirit. So every evening in the cool of the evening, Adam was talking fellowship with God himself. Adam, I'm right here, Lord. Adam, I'm right here, Lord. I'm in the word, Lord. I'm in the spirit, Lord. I am working, Lord. I thank you for revealing stuff to me, Lord. But he was all alone. So God, pull out to Adam and reveal a woman out that was locked up inside of him. And Jesus had a woman locked up inside of him also. And that's the bride. Could we give the Lord a shout of praise? And that bride is the church in which he is the head. He is the head of the body called the church. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. And when Paul came, he called to put a foundation which no other man could lay but Jesus Christ himself. And Paul started out the Ephesians church. And that was the gold standard. [Applause] That was the gold standard. That is why William Brham the Malachi for Elijah prophet didn't come just to bring something. He came to turn our hearts back because that was the original. That's where it all started before you go forward. You have to go back and pick up what they had and then we could go forward. There is no rapture if you can't go back and pick up what was alpha. He said I am alpha and omega. We have to go back and pick up the faith that was once delivered to the saints. I'm so convinced that what Peter have you will have. What Paul have you would have what the early church have this last day church going to have. There is going to be another Ephesians. Glory. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Paul that you be strengthened with might. Amen. Not with weakness. Not with slackness. Not with a depress. Not a down and out. And I don't own a not that. But you strengthen with might by his spirit in the inner man that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith. And that ye being rooted and grounded in love may be able to comprehend with all things. Hallelujah. What is the breadth and the length and the depth and the height. Here we go. And to know the love of Christ which passeth knowledge. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. To know the love of Christ which passeth knowledge. Glor that you might be filled with all the fullness of God. Now unto him that is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we could ask or think according to the power that workketh in us. Unto him be glory in the church by Jesus Christ throughout all ages world without end. Amen. Oh glory could we give the Lord some praises. You love him this morning. Okay, so let's get down into the word for a man running from the presence of the Lord. Dear Jesus, help us tonight now with these few words as we wait upon thee. And we pray that your grace and mercy will be with us, Lord, and tend our hearts. Move back all the shocks, the thorns, the tissles. Let the blessed sunshine of God fall upon the word, Lord. And may we have such a great meeting till there will not be an unsafe person among us. All the children will be in the kingdom of God. Those without the baptism of the spirit, may they receive it, Father. May all the great mysteries that we are supposed to know at this age Lord be unveiled to us that we will see the plainness of God so that we will know how to behave ourselves and act correcting ourselves and bringing the members of our body into discipline to the word that we might know how to live in this present day at the approaching of the Lord Jesus. Let's just go over that again. The unveiling of the mysteries is not for you to say you know mysteries. You have mysteries whether written or hidden or whatever it is. The purpose of the mysteries is it to be unveiled that you might know the plainess of God because God was so mysterious. He wanted to reveal himself. That's why the word became flesh. That's why he spanned from Elohim into logos and become flesh among us. That we could handle him that he could be touched by the feeling of his our infirmities. In other words, he didn't come down that he become more mysterious. He that he was very mysterious. That is why the Lord himself descend with the book open to bring Christ the mystery to be revealed into you. Oh give the Lord a shout of praise. So therefore all this preaching and teaching have an objective. You think on the other side we'll be talking about this mystery and that mystery. When brother Brandon broke into the next dimension his wife said Bill you preach about it. You talk about it but you don't know what it is. This is the land of perfect love. It take love to enter here. It's not no teachings to enter here. It's not no Amen. intellectual stuff. It's not chemistry and biology and physics and arithmetic to enter there. It will take love to enter there. Could somebody say amen? Oh, are you with me? Amen. So therefore the mystery revelations are all supposed to bring us to a place that we could see the pleness of God so we will know how to behave ourselves. [Music] Hallelujah. Look look look at that man from Africa who was think about and they wanted to buy him and the slave owner said no not for sale. They say why does he eat different? No. Does he sleep on the front? No. is I always wondered about that man and I learn about him back in Africa. His father is the king of the tribe and he knows he's a son of a king. So he walks like one. He talks like one. He acts like one. He sleeps like one. He walks like one. Praise God. Like what the prophet said, if you're a saint, act like a saint, walk like a saint, talk like a saint, live like a saint, die like a saint, and go to heaven like a saint. Not like a devil like a saint. Hallelujah. Glory to God. [Music] [Applause] From the masterpiece doing something a little different today, but I'll discuss Brian. I'm speaking. You see, you find I quote too much. All right. As long as as long as you don't find a problem with that, we're good. I've got 7 minutes to tell you something that happened day before yesterday, July the 3rd. This is for masterpiece 5th of July 1964. I was over in the center shopping center right out here. I've been in Piggalli in Rome in France. I've been in New York, Los Angeles. But the filthiest bunch of women I've ever seen my life is Jessville, Indiana. I've never seen so much gum and filth in my life as I see amongst them people. I sat there till my heart achd and the Lord give me a vision. Amen. And now I'm going to tell the vision. Tell the vision. I don't know that I can interpret it, but I'm going to tell the vision for my first time. I fell into a trance. And when I did, there was somebody with me. I didn't see the person. It was just a voice. Amen. And I looked and I looked this way and he said, "The bride will come in view." Amen. For preview. I looked coming to me. I seen the most prettiest bunch of clean dressed women I ever seen in my life. Hallelujah. Each one of them looked like was dressed different. They had long hair. They were longer sleeves and skirts and so forth. Young woman, they look kind of say about maybe 20. Now I have the Bible open before me. I can only see what I seen. And if you say, "What are you looking at?" I'm looking at a clock. What are you looking at? I'm looking for people looking at people. What are you looking at? I'm looking at the Bible. That's what I'm telling the truth. That's what I see. Amen. I can only say what I seen. I don't know all about it. I just have to tell you. Amen. Amen. But when this bride, she was looking, the one was talking to me and I standing together, her eyes, she was the cleanest, sweetest looking people I ever seen in my life. It looked like it could have been a dozen or more. I don't know how many was a breast, but it was in a group of them. And she passed by sweetly and her eyes watching as she passed by. She was beautiful. I look at her as she passed by and he said, "Now we shall review." That's the bride. Now we will review the churches. So first in the vision, the bride, yes, was walking in front of him. Yes. The voice told him, "Now we will review the churches." Are you with me this morning? Amen. Good. Amen. And they come. I noticed them coming up and when they come up each one looked like it was getting worse. This is not the worldly people now. This is a vision brought before the prophet showing first the bride then the churches. Yes. Okay. Now watch. I have never seen a filthy bunch in my life. And he said next. I heard a noise. Next. And here comes the American group. Now, I'm an American, but this made me sick. I am not eloquent enough in a mixed audience to say what was taking place. You have to read between the lines. But when the woman was coming, the leader of them was a witch. She had a great long nose, a great big mouth, and all of them was dressed with some kind of lower clothes down here. But the top was just a strap, a halfin strap that move up and down and went around like this. Each woman had something. Many of you years ago remember we used to cut that paper newspaper and make a old fly bush. How many remember that? I used to used to use it in carnivals hanging down like fringe paper, lace paper that had something holding below them like this. That part was all exposed. Each one had hair cut real short freezy looking things like that. Real shortcut here, full of makeup, absolutely nothing but looking like street prostitutes. Now this is the church in the spirit realm. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. In the physical realm, they impuse. Yes. Yes. Yes. They are preachers, but in the spirit realm, that's what God sees. And they were walking with this paper and the vulgarity, not the paper, what was holding in front of them. And when they passed the review stand in the back of them to see the way they were going on, their foremost and their back part, how they were acting, I said, "Is that the church?" And there she went. They were singing here twist and roll songs, you know, and singing all along. I said, "Is that the church?" I was standing there in my heart. I was crying. And this witch to my notion is nothing else in the world. She that wool council church is leading them straight down the road where she was going. They went off to the left and disappeared in chaos. still beating this music and making real funny songs, shaking their buddies one side and the other side and then carry on like that. And I started to bow my head and say, "Wait, here we go. The bride must come again." Amen. Amen. And I looked and here they come again and they passed by. A sweet looking little ladies was all looking right at me as they passed by. And I noticed each one dressed different. And one of them had their hair hanging down, rolled back like that, might have been German. I was watched them. And as they started leaving, two or three of them in the back kind of get out of step. And I was going to holler at them. And they was trying to get back in step again. I seen them just the vision fade out from me. Amen. What a vision. Amen. Amen. That this prophet saw. Hallelujah. Here is the interpretation thereof. Amen. Hallelujah. So God gave him the interpretation right there. Here is the interpretation thereof. Remember I had just got through writing. I hadn't finished. I hadn't wrote these notes yet. But in preaching this morning, I caught what it was right in my sermon. Did you notice the church came in view? That's the truth, friend. Now, not knowing it till a few minutes ago, did you notice the bride comes in view twice? Yes. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, you see my title this morning? Yes. Yes. The Ephesians bride comes into view. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. My my my. Here we go. Okay, now watch. Let me get it back here. Now watch. Did you notice the bride comes to the view twice? The first seed and the second seed, both of them exactly the same one. And the reason they dressed different parts, she'll come from all nations. It will make up the bride. Each one had long hair, no makeup, real pretty girls, and they were watching me. that represented the bride coming out of all nations. Each one represented a nation and they marched perfectly down in the line and I had to watch her. She will get out a step with the word if I don't watch. And when she was passing by, if she gets by, maybe it'll be my time. I'm over. I'm finished. Whatever it is, they were getting back, trying their best, was getting back and get in line cuz they were looking out somewhere else, watching about the church that went out into chaos. But the front ones never, the back ones, two or three of them was kind of step out of bit to the right side, looking like they were trying to get back in line. They were just past me and so on. Notice, here we go. The church only came in view once. Hallelujah. each nation, the church, but the bride came in twice. And I was standing there and I just seen it all move out and leave. He said, "Now watch the church came into the view once, each nation, the church, but the bride coming twice. What is it?" Not knowing it, but it look at it with my message this morning. Not knowing that the seed that fell in the ground at Na that was original seed and she come through the process denomination. What is he saying? The original faith, the original seed, the Ephesus church and afterwards church ages and afterwards another Ephesus church. There is going to be another Ephesians. Oh, give the Lord a shout. The prophet saw it by vision. He saw me. He saw you. He saw us or give the Lord a shout. The vision can't lie. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. He saw you in the vision. The seed that fell in the na was the original seed and she come through the process of these denominations and only comes in existence once, but the bride returns back again in the last days. I will restore the first church and the last church is the same church. The first bride and the last bride is the same bride. Oh, glory to God. All the other churches in between. My God. You may be seated. Therefore, Ephesians is a hidden mystery in this last day because the Bible only talk of the loudish year. But hidden in there, hidden in there, God promised to have another Ephesians church. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. And the prophet got a vision. Oh, I love it this morning. Glory. How could you fail? The vision can't fail. Oh, glory to God. And I say this morning that Ephesians bride is coming into view. We're going to see what kind of church that is. And we're going to identify what she is not. Oh, give the Lord a shout. We're going to identify what she is not. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. G. The Bible turns back again in the last days. I'll restore. See, the masterpiece is brought up. And that's the reason she was in view. Reviewed the second time. She was reviewed the first time. Then she was reviewed the second time. She was perfectly the second time. She was like the first time. Oh mercy, get in the grain. All others never appeared no more. They went out never to come back again. But the bride came back cuz she was alpha and omega. God the great sculptor has made him a masterpiece. It is a piece of his masterpiece. He made in the garden of Eden and took a piece from another piece was mad and fell and has been building all along. He brought forth a masterpiece. That part was smitten and it was in order to bring back a masterpiece again. So the masterpiece and the son of God, the masterpiece and the bride, it's peace of him. It must be a fulfilling of the word. The word must be fulfilled and we are ready for the coming of the Lord. Oh, give the Lord some worship. Here am I to worship. Oh, glory to God. How am I supposed to feel when I know the prophet saw a vision of the bride coming into preview? How am I supposed to feel like some more back seven churches member? No. I heard a voice come up. Oh, hallelujah. Are you hearing that voice this morning? Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Woo. Amen. When I was a child, I speak like a child, I understood as a child. But when I became a man, I put up with childish things. And then we see through a glass darkly, but then face to face. Isn't that right? But when that which is perfect is come, then that which in part shall be done over it. So when perfection come, part is no longer accepted. Come on now. Come on now. Are you hearing what I'm preaching this morning? When that which is perfect is come, part cannot be accepted. So God promised another Ephesians in which there's going to be a five-fold ministry for the perfecting of the saint for the work of the ministry for the edifying of the body till we all come into the unity of the faith. There is going to be a unity of the faith. God said so. Oh hallelujah. Glory to God. What are you saying? I'm saying every minister with the salt have to come back to Ephesians. They could run around the world. They could preach whatever they want to preach, feel whatever they want to feel, but the door is right there because Ephesians is the bridge to glory land. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. You may be seated. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, church of the living God. Bow your hearts and yourselves before God. These things are true. I know it sounds such a great thing would be would be spread all over the nations but he doesn't change. Just be thankful church. Be thankful that you are where you are today if you are in Christ. Remember all that life will be gathered into the grain for the resurrection and the stalk must be burned. My God, how long I wanted to get a corn tree in stages and to show you the green and everything else and it's standing there all the green life, all the green stem and so on. They shouting, bowling, hallelujah and glory. But when that that that corn comes out and that branch start to dry and the tree start to dry. All the life that was green and hallelujah and they love the Lord and love the pastor love coming to church. All of that start to dry up and just the grain have the life. Come on say amen somebody. This is not a game. Come on say amen somebody. Glory to God. Understand this. You may be see that the seed was the original The seed is what went down into the ground. The life push out processes, the stem, the leaves, the flowers, everything else. But when it come back to grain, it come back to alpha and omega. When it come back to grain, the first is the last, the last is the first. When it come back to grain, it's back to original seed. Which is the spoken word. [Applause] My God, you should be praising God that you hearing these things quote back to you. You should be praising God. We like you not. We don't have a seed of our own. God send a prophet to bring spoken word to say say what the tape say because it's by these promises we become partakers of the divine nature. You better thank God. You know, we have come in here with our own ideas. We're not trying to put ourselves into you. We're not trying to preach our ministry into you. We're not trying to identify our church into you. It is Christ to be in you. The hope of glory. Oh, come on. No excuses. Come on. Give the Lord a shout. No excuses. No excuses. [Applause] This is the first time I'm doing something like this. I put the things up front. Let me go down deeper. So the vision, you already get the vision. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Listen to this brother in paradox. He's speaking to a man. How do you do, sir? Amen. We are strangers to each other. I don't know you as far as I know. It's the first time I've seen you for me to know you. That's right. But he knows us, both of us. Now you know what is taking place. It's his grace permitting it that will bring these people conscious of God. Now, not knowing nothing about you, not even knowing who you are. No way. Just a strange man come here. Now, it will be absolutely a paradox for something to happen to know what's wrong with you, something you had done, something you ought not to have done or something you should have done or who you are or something about you. It would have to be a paradox cuz there's no way for anybody to know that outside of some revelation of the unseen. That's right. Now if he will do that for you between you and I so that the audience here we go not a show but that they might see the Ephesus is here and this is the thing that bridges between denomination and glory land. He promised it that they might be assured that we are telling you the truth. Amen. So the prophet was saying let this not for a show let the people see another Ephesus is here and this is the thing that makes a bridge bridges between denomination and glory land. Oh we are putting a bridge down for you and all you got to do is to walk on that bridge. That's not a Galatians bridge. It's not a Hebrew bridge. It's not a Corinthians bridge. It is an Ephesians bridge. Oh give the Lord a shout of praise. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Glory. Glory. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What kind of church was the Corinthians church? Corinthians 5:1 is reported commonly that there's fornication among you. And such fornication as is not as much name among the Gentiles. My God. Not even unbelievers had that kind of behavior. That's this is this is Corinthians that one should have his father's wife and he have puffed up and have not mourned and he had done this deed might be taken away from you for verily as absent in the body and present in spirit have judged already and though I were present concerning him that has done this deed in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ when you were gathered together and my spirit with the power of the Lord Jesus to deliver such a one to Satan for the destruction ction of the flesh that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus. Amen. So the Corinthian church was a filthy church. People do what they want to do and still go to church. That's Corinthian. And if you're doing what you want to do and coming to church, you are Corinthians. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. You could be in here, but you are Corinthians. Amen. That is not the bridge. Amen. Hallelujah. It have Corinthian church in Trina. It have Corinthian pastor. He's very nice. Amen. It's very welcoming. Anything goes. Hallelujah. They show a lot of love. Amen. Amen. They help you. They get transportation to go home. They feed you. They give you this. They give you that. But it's Corinthians. If that's what you want, you could go there. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God has blessed people in in his permissive will. Don't be like Balam. Get blessed in permissive will and think because you have God's blessing, it's okay to do what you're doing. In a time of ignorance, God wink. But we come about time of ignorance. The prophet came to bring light. The prophet came to bring truth. that we who were once ignorant walking in darkness may now walk in the light. [Applause] Now listen, whether you say amen or shout, that is not going to stop me from preaching what I have to preach this morning. I'm not preaching for amens or shouts. I don't ever do that. I encourage you to worship and to praise God and give the Lord a shout. That is for your benefit because when you worship and praise God, you create an atmosphere around your life and those demons have to take leave. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. When I come behind the pit, I come with angels with me. Hallelujah. I come with an army behind me. I come with backup. I not coming here without backup. It's a war. Oh, give the Lord some praise, people. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. You know, season, do you know why any Ephesians? Because you have to put on the whole armor of God. Because we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principal. That's why. You may be seated. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Question and answers. Hallelujah. Glory. That's what the matter with the churches today. When a man comes into the body of Christ and becomes a member and start doing evil instead of all you getting together and doing the very thing you bam tabernacle do that because as long as you're holding him up he's under the blood and he just keep doing the same old thing over and over and over all the time. You get together turn him over to the devil for the destruction of the flesh that his spirit might be saved in the Lord. Watch the whip of God comes in. Watch the devil take a hold of him that an evil spirit gets him. God has loosed evil spirits upon backseat Christians to torment them, to haunt them, to trouble them, to get them back into the house of God. We will not feel sorry for you. because we are preaching the word. [Applause] And if you don't want to make things right, a demon going to come upon your life. You'll be tormented. You'll be terrorized. [Applause] It's better you don't come to church. It's better you stay out of here. We not preaching for members, for money, for popularity. We not even preaching about that. Come on, say amen, somebody. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Last last last service, you may be seated. We talk about the lust of the eyes, the lust of the flesh, and the pride of life. All that is in the world. And the prophet talk about three things on men. That's right. Money, popularity, and woman is still losing the eyes. That's the pride of life. When somebody have money, they don't care. Amen. They fear neither man nor god because they could pay the way for everything. They could be snubbish. They could be arrogant. They could look down on you because they have two piece of paper in their pocket. Amen. But what shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose his own soul? You have money but you're not happy. You have a husband, you want a man so long, you get it, you're still not happy. You want a wife, you're not happy. What going to make you happy? Oh, say amen. Somebody don't get me startled out of here. I am called to preach the gospel. Not whole showers, baby showers, wedding showers, not have all these set of events. God said go all the world and have showers. Preach the gospel. Glory to God. Don't fault me for no event held inside of here. If you want to judge me, judge me by what I'm called to do, which is to preach the gospel. [Applause] You may be seated. Hallelujah. Glory to God. The Corinthians had no anger for sin. You see, they was telling people, uh, keep it in confidence. Don't don't sin under nobody. And you like a slacker just like them because you're keeping sin in confidence. What kind of nonsense is that? Don't let nobody bind you. Don't tell nobody. Don't don't don't don't speak it. This is your church. What kind of church do you want? I'm not hearing you. I want you to preach after me. I'm not hearing [Applause] you. Don't tell. Don't tell the ministry. Don't tell. Don't tell the elder. Don't tell. Don't tell. Don't tell. You better come on. That's not gossiping. When you don't tell and you have your own little gossiping group, that's gossiping. That's evil spirit. [Applause] [Music] Anas and Safara. They offered to bring sell and bring the money to the church. Nobody begged them. Nobody ordered them. Nobody took a gun and said you got to bring it. No, they offered that. Amen. Amen. It was their choice. They could have say we not put in anything and they were good. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. But because of that heart that's so corrupt. Yes. They couldn't even be honest to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes. You think God need your money? You don't want to contribute to offering tithes, billing for nothing. You think God need your money. So you want to sponge for all the other people who sacrifice to contribute to this church and you don't have the pans of any sacrifice whatsoever. You think God need your money. He doesn't. He wants to bless you. That's why he said for what you supposed to do. If you don't do that, you affect your own self. You're not affecting the church because the church moves on. [Applause] Hallelujah. So don't don't let anybody bind you. Amen. And Ning Safara. Safara live with the man. She know the man dishonest. She know the man is a crook. Hallelujah. My problem is not an answer. My problem is to fire her. Because she know better. Peter come, they bring the money. He said, "Is this all?" He said, "Yes." He could have said, "Is that all? Where the rest home?" He could have said, "This is all. There's some. The rest coming. The rest coming in the soul. He can say anything else. Is this all? Yes, that's all. He said, "But you're light of the Holy Ghost." Yes. Because God already firebombed Peter's heart. The demon leave Peter a long time. Fire on that throne. Pillar of fire watching through his eyes. It was like the eyes of God. It was genuine Ephesians, Ephesus, Holy Ghost Church, pill of fire, veil in the sons of God, not a book of acts. Kick high, you're naked before God. [Applause] Yeah. Yeah. But we know he we know him from a long time. 30 years now. We know him going to do with that. What behind that man? You know, you see flesh and blood. You see a tie. You see a jacket. Do you really know what's in a man? [Music] Do you really know what's in a woman? What's hiding in that heart? That's why the Bible said the word is a discerner of the thoughts and intense of the heart. The word have to go down between the bone and the marrow to see what's inside of there. You could have an adulterous spirit under a long dress looking pious. Pious. You could have a fornicating spirit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. With tie and jacket looking smiling normal. normal filthy spirit that has to be cast out. [Applause] Yeah. I know you ain't come for this this morning, but this is what you're going to get. Come on. Oh, hallelujah. I ain't come to give you what you [Applause] want. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. And now I felt dead in church. Amen. When that testimony go out, you think anybody lying there? That the last lie in church. After that, the truth come before euth okay. Okay. Okay. His wife come. your husband, you know, she's same thing. She done that, too. She She had no right to go like him. You love your husband, you're not that stupid. Hallelujah. You love your wife, you love your children, but not be that stupid. If they're going off like them, there's an individual affair. Both all going in the cemetery together. Let us go together where Jordan is individual. Amen. Everybody looking to live. Man 87 years old looking to take some pill. Exercising. Done the last light. As said four lights all other three out already. Done the last light. Exercising. They walk in the thing. I see some of the advertisement. Take this omega. Take this. Take that. I said I wonder how long these people who staying them things living. Take this. And then some old man testify ever since he started to take this. He feeling real good. But they groom him real nice for the advertisement. That's not how he inside this house. Forget about that. Let the Lord keep you. Let the Lord take a table. Let's know. Let the Lord preserve you. Do we exercise or no? But don't trust them. Don't trust those things like if there's a cure. You popping your pills like if you have more faith in them pills than in God. Doctor said this is for iron. This is do something else and this go do something and you just believe in that and the pharmaceuticals just adding up the billsing million 400 million 600 million. Glory. But David said I look unto the hills from whence cometh my help. My help comes from the Lord. Oh, glory. My God. If God want me to live to be 90 and 9, I going to be a 909. Get in me plate to put inside me mouth to eat my food. But so help me God. I live to 90. Give the Lord a praise. That's why you young men inside of here, God call you to be strong. Young woman, God had called you to give your body to no man out there. Repent. Don't even think about [Applause] it. Another Ephesians. We're going to have it. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. My my my brother Brandham says Jo a perfect man. God permitted the devil to come upon him and chastise him. Everything else praise God for the perfection of his spirit. Isn't that right? Hallelujah. Praise be to Jesus. That's the Corinthian church. Lord, what you want? What you should belong to. Say I don't like how do things fine. It have a nice Corinthian church. So wherever so is hope nobody take my finger and try to measure my finger as much. Amen. That is what we don't want. Amen. You could have it but that's not what promised. You could fall into it but that's not the promise. Amen. That's one. Let's look at Galatians. Paul Galatians 6. I marvel that you are so soon removed from him that call you into the grace of Christ into another gospel. Paul leave them with full word. And Paul say he is marvel. They have a next gospel. Another preaching another teaching. My Lord, which is not another, but there be some that trouble you that would pervert the gospel of Christ. But though we, that's where Paul bust them. Paul's saying, I myself can bring a different revelation from what I already brought. He said, "Do we or angel of heaven preach any other gospel unto you? That which we have preached, let him be a cursed." Are we in the word this morning? [Applause] Jesus. Listen to Paul. As we have said before, so say I know again. Paul taking a hammer and nailing. He said, "If any man preach any other gospel unto you than you have received, let him be accursed." That's Paul, a messenger, a eye of God, a star of the age. That's Paul, Apostle Paul, Paul is the one who said, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believe?" Yes. Yes. If Paul come now in this age and he come to this message and Paul say, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believe?" You know response you get. Paul here what when you're taking the word. The seed is in the soul and you have to get a revelation of what's inside of you. And when you get that revelation, you'll understand that that seed in the Holy Ghost is the same thing. As long as it now watch something, it's the same Baptist doctrine but abandon fought in his time. The Baptist doctrine just gets steroids. The Baptist doctrine just get energized. It's the same Baptist doctrine. When you believe, you receive. He said, "Have you received since you believe by one spirit? You are baptized. Not not by one education. Not by one teaching. You are you are educated to come to a realization of who you are. That's yoga that that's Buddha that's eastern self-actualization and self-realization is that you don't know who you are. You go to a psychologist or psychiatrist and they kind of bring your head a little bit and thing your head a bit and play with you. Well, that happened your childhood will reverse that and think that little hypo thing and by the time your hand come you come out there and you're feeling better about yourself and they tell you things that you already know and they acknowledge it. Yeah. Yeah. That really happened. That really happened. That's not the Holy Ghost. That's not God coming down and the sealing in your heart and pulling the evil out of you. My God, the same way God treats the earth, he treats the individual. Baptizing water, come with the blood, come with the fire of the Holy Ghost to burn a supernatural experience. God war you come and walk into this like if you're walking into some dance or some kind of thing like that, you got to die. You got to wreck. You got to cry out. You may be seated. So when Jesus said blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness they shall be filled. What are you talking about? Filled with what? Filled with the Holy Ghost. Filled with power and amen. God went to empower you. We all humans here. Five sensious people. But until God come and do something something inside of you, then you become a supernatural being. Inside of you have a seed in your soul. What do they tell the people? Well, the new is a revelation. That's fine. Prophet says that. Tell the people you could have the Holy Ghost and bapt Holy Ghost and be lost. You can write back on 24 hours a day. What they didn't say is body, spirit or soul. Where you have that? Come on. Mary say be it done to me according to your word. Amen. Sister tell me that. Mary said be it done unto me according to thy word. And Mary received the Holy Ghost. I say is that right? I said but I say Mary had the upper room. She said oh I never see it. Say Mary who said be it done unto me according to thy word had to go to the upper room to receive something and Mary had to be stripped of she Mary self [Applause] oh yes you didn't know that sister Mary she feeling good to be Mary you know mother of Jesus but I'm saying Mary had to lose herself yes she had to get rid of pride. Oh. Ouch. I hit I hit a nail. I hit I hit something there. You mean you you thought you want to keep your pride? Oh. Oh. No. No. You got to get rid of it. Yeah. That's why people need to humble themselves. People don't want to humble themselves. They want to keep themselves. God going to break you. Let me say God going to break you. If you're a daughter, son, or daughter of God, God going to break your spirit. God going to wreck your world. Oh hallelujah. Praise God. So get ready for some thunder, lightning, voices and earthquakes. Oh hallelujah. If you think things happening, it just start yet. Look how the amen disappear. That's I expected that. Oh God, say it again. Like Paul said, say hi then. Say hi again. Now if you think things happening, it start yet. But get ready. Get ready. It's coming. But there's going to be a people going to be ready for it. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Look at a man running for president of America named Donald Trump. I want to love his name everywhere. He said he never asked God for forgiveness. He I can't remember ever ask God for he say he don't want to hear from God. He's a billionaire. And he said what I say I say. He don't depend upon people money. He have his own. So he's trouble all by himself. He don't need assistance. He is just he all what's wrong with America is a reflection is him bombastic. He's just he's just himself. I say that I say why why you say I said playing God. He don't know if he'll be alive next week. If he hard give out on him your own heart come and attack you. Yes. You don't even know. He don't know. But speaking bravely and boldly. You can't do that because you don't know where you're going to be next week. Next, you don't know [Applause] [Music] Paul. For do I not persuade men or God? Or do I seek to please men? Yet if I please men, I should not be a servant of Christ. But I certify you, brethren, I love that the gospel which was preached of me is not of man. For neither I receive it of man, neither was I taught it, but by revelation of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. This is Paul. Are you ready? Are we in the word? And when Peter came to Antioch, I stood him to the face. Because he was to be blamed. There are some people don't like to be blamed. Once you start to corner them, they start to make excuses. Paul said Peter was to be blamed. Hallelujah. In other words, Peter was responsible. Amen. Stop blaming. Accept responsibility for what you have done. For how you have acted, for how you have spoken. Don't blame anybody else. If they are wrong, you see where you are wrong and repent. And if they don't repent, that's up to them. God will deal with them. But take responsibility for your actions and attitudes. That's what the prodigal son said. I will arise. I will say to my father, I have sinned. Hallelujah. I no longer worthy to be called your son. Are you with me? Praise God. For before that certain s certain came from James, he did eat with the Gentiles. And when he they were come, he redrew and separated himself fearing them which were of circumcision. So he was catering to the legal people. The people wanted to keep the rules of the Jews. So the Galatian represent the legalistic church. Yeah, there are some people like licks. It's a kind of perverted sadistic kind of thing. They like people to rule over their lives. So they like the ministry and ministers that crack the whip. Yes. Yes. Yes. It's crazy. But it's true. I don't understand that. Why somebody with licks want to be in a straight jacket? Left turn, right? Don't buy that car. Don't buy that house. You should marry this one. Don't marry this one. Do this. Do this. Do this. And be yes sir. Yes sir. No sir. Church sir Galatian sir. You don't like it here. They have a Galatian church. And the pastor very nice guy. But he has let him have it. You could go there. Yes. Yes. Feel free. But we pressing for [Applause] Paul. Oh foolish Galatians who had bewitch you my God that you should not obey the truth before whose eyes Jesus Christ has heavenly set forth crucified among you. This only would I learn of you receiving the spirit by the works of the law or by the hearing of faith. Are you so foolish having begun in the spirit? You are not perfect by the flesh. Lord my who preaching Paul. Amen. Hallelujah. Glor. He that ministered to you the spirit and worked a miracle upon you. Do it he by the works of the law or by hearing of faith. Hallelujah. That's Galatians. Legalism. That's right. Then we come to Hebrews. Called of God, a high priest after the order of Mesazc of whom we have many things to say had to be uttered seeing that you are done of hearing. Paul busting them. These ones are the babies. They want permanent diapers, pampers. cuz you just had to buy boxes of that to change. He said, "For when the time you ought to be teachers, you have need that one teach you again which be the first principles of the oracles of God and have become such need of milk and not strong meat." That baby not growing at all. For everyone that useth milk is unskillful in the word of righteousness. Amen. For he is a babe. All right. Yes. So once you can't go on to the meat stage and you stay in the babe stage, you have to stay right there. Now here the problem with that. Even though you are a son. You are not a heir until you come to maturity. [Applause] So your father could have a billion dollars, but if you are 6 years old, nothing for you. A tricycle will do. Hallelujah. As long as you stay in baby, there is no power, there is no authority, there is no witness, there is no uncction, there is no breakthrough. That all you're supposed to be. As long as you remain a baby. Do you want that kind of church where everything is easy and smooth and everything soft and nice? Osterize the pumpkin and feed it by spoon. No meat, no turkey, no macaroni. Puri the banana. Call you a babe. Where come to Pirin and have a Hebrew church? That pastor very nice. He loves everybody. Glory to God. I am not catering. Let me tell you flat out. I am not catering for anybody inside of here. I'm not catering for your human spirit. I'm not I don't care who you are. I'm only catering for the word being ministered. We going to set the church in order. [Music] Can I be seated? My responsibility is this church, not not anybody else. Not any this church. Amen. If people get blessed by connecting to us or hearing us or what not, be fine. We be happy with that. God bless them who want to receive it and whatn not because we are open. But this is my responsibility to press on for another Ephesians. I'm going to fight for it. I'm going to blast the Corinthian spirit. I'm going to smoke your hideout. Oh, glory to God. They think gas smoking for years. It coming. I come in loaded. Dynamite here, guns here, bombs here, missiles here. You walk in a pastor with full loaded. When I open my jacket like that, praise God. I shooting all sides. Bow and arrow, slingshot, you name it. Every weapon under heaven that's in the spirit realm, I'm going to come up with. We coming against demon powers, spiritual wickedness. Glory. Hallelujah. Glory. Praise God. Hallelujah. Here's why. Here's why we had to fight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My Lord. Judges 1:19. And the Lord was with Judah, and he drove out the inhabitants of the mountain, but could not drive out the inhabitants of the valley because they are chariots of iron. We can't follow Judah. Judah stick are the chars of iron. He was finished right there. Yes. The children of Benjamin did not drive out the Jebusites that inhabited Jerusalem. But the Jebite dwells with the children of Benjamin of his Jerusalem unto this day. Neither did Manise drive out the inhabitants of Benshin and her tongues, nor Tamash on her tongues, nor the inhabitants of Do and her tongues. If you don't drive them out, they will live with you. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Let me back up a little bit. Verse 20. And they gave he unto Caleb as Moses said, for he expelled the three sons of Anoch. That's my role model. Caleb, not Judah, not Benjamin, not all them who stick and then drive up because God told them to drive them out. Not play salt with them, not have dinner with them. Drive them out. So all of you who are prepared to fight, you better start a fight because those different tribes represent Corinthians, Galatians, Hebrews, but not Ephesians. But Caleb, he is another Ephesians. Give the Lord some shout of praises because he know he pos his position. [Applause] Wonderful. Wonderful. My the bridge between denomination and glory land is an Ephesians bridge. Hallelujah. Are you going to walk out on that bridge? Hallelujah. But say redemption have two parts coming out of entering into. Isn't that right? Hallelujah. Now to preach Ephesians, we have to preach Joshua. Because Joshua is the book of Ephesians in the Old Testament. Amen. I love how God this this word is so beautiful. To preach Ephesians effectively, we had to go to Joshua because Joshua is the Ephesians of the Old Testament. And with Joshua, you understand about crossing Jordan. Isn't that right? And you have to fight. And every place you put your foot is yours. And some of you marking time inside of here. You're marking time to go forward or marking time to go back out. [Music] I seen your face. I seen your body. I hearing some whisper of amen sometimes, but you're marking time because you have to begin to see progress in your life. in your life, not your head. A lot of people progress mightily inside their head. They could talk and talk and talk. We call it fellowshipping. But it's same thing as talk. Amen. Hallelujah. Let me just read a little further thing here from Ephesians 4. I stop at 13, but I want to go a little more that unto the measure of the fullness of Christ. Verse 14 says that we henceforth be no more children. See, see, see, you have to come out of that child thing. Hallelujah. When I was a child, I spake like a child. That's expected. I act like a child. I talk like a child. But when I became a man, I put away. Hallelujah. Not put away to become a man. Amen. You have some big men with child inside them. Immature. You have to put away your childish things. All right. So, here we go. Watch. Um, that we hence all be no more children tossed to and fro, carried about with every wind of doctrine by the slay of men and cunning craftiness whereby the lang to deceive, but speaking the truth in love. Here we go. May grow up into him in all things which is ahead, even Christ. Busy part I want to get to. from whom the whole body fitly joined together and compacted by that which every joint supplieth according to Here we go. Here the objective according to the effectual working in the measure of every part. Amen. Amen. Amen. Effectual working. Amen. So the objective, why should God empower you and you're not ready to work? That's right. God empower you to fellowship. The body have a work to do. Amen. If your neck sprain, when you turn your neck, your whole body turning because your neck under strain. If your hands stiff, your your elbow stiff, you're walking like this. The body the body not functioning right. You're not feeling good because your neck stiff, your hands stiff. And when you're walking, you say hello. Hello. I call your shoulder. You know, but your shoulder moving because you're stiff up. Amen. Isn't that right? And if the bride body loose, if the bride body not working properly, when God call everything moving. So, you know what I mean? And God said, "But that's not what I want." You you marry a bride and the bride hand move like that and the bride walking stiff stiff stiff stiff stiff. You can imagine going to wedding then you're walking like this. M well the devil beat me up boy now I was stiff I got licks last night that bite on a strain God gave me smile what kind of pictures we get for your wedding day forget about it praise God want effectual working so God want to put you to work therefore God want you to find your position the object of this whole thing about seven thunders about inheritance about crossing Jordan is for you to get into your position. That is what it's all about. Because in your position, you have power. In your position, you have authority. In your position, you have your place. What place in Christ? Adoption time. That is what we fighting for. That is what this vision is all about. That is what Elisha saw. He saw a position that God was putting in for him. Give me a double portion. What did Caleb said? Give me my mountain. Oh, glory to God. He was asking for what he know belong to him. Amen. Hallelujah. We need a more aggressive type people. But you can't be in sin and aggressive. He wouldn't have the faith to move forward because you had to condemn you. And if a man asks without faith, he gets nothing. You can't ask wavering. You have to ask in full confidence. So there got to be nothing gay in your life. You have to be truly free. Come on, say amen, somebody. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you. Hallelujah. Devil job is to keep you messed up and some of you like it because you see you in a system of your life. a system and you're not ready yet to give up your system. It fail. You know it fail cuz you failing with it too. Amen. Yes. So if it failing, why keep doing it? Hallelujah. Why keep accepting what to be what you in? Why not say let's turn this thing upside down? Let's flip this thing over. Yes. Let's challenge what we never challenged before. Amen. Challenge yourself. It's hard for us as a church here in Trinidad. what we do here because we have nobody to follow. And where we go, no other has gone before. I say it plainly. What we do, I don't know what others are doing, but what we doing is hard because now we see like, you know, oh, they doing that so we doing so. No, no, no. We are like pioneers. We are fighting for a promise. A promise of dynamics. People no longer believe dynamics because they feel they got it already. They don't know they got it to get. But we are pressing to a promise that God has made. Come on now. Come on now. Praise God. Hallelujah. Glory. Understand this. The call watch was not to come out of Egypt under Pharaoh's grip. That wasn't the object. Redemption is in two parts. coming out of and going into the call to come out as rejoicing as it is as relieved as you are from Pharaoh's whip and your duty under Pharaoh. Amen. As light and as nice you feel that's not the objective are free are free are free from Pharaoh. You sing special that's fine but that's not the objective to come out. Amen. The objective is to go in. Amen. Amen. God promised them Canaan land. Amen. And you would find out Canaan doesn't represent millennium. It represent war. But you know what glorious about it? It represent the age of the overcomer. Oh, I love that. I love that. That means Ephesians brings on the overcomers. [Applause] I talking when you leave service, it's had a high hand like that sword. Anytime you meet the devil, he getting all of that. You're slapping him left and right and left and right. That's what we're talking about. That is what it does. Because you have the whole armor of God, prospect of righteousness, the sword of the spirit, helmet of salvation. Come on, give the Lord a shout inside of you. [Applause] It's hard. Hallelujah. It's hard. Hallelujah. To do things others have never done. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. That's it. I see churches relaxed. I see people happy with their pastor. They contend people have deciphering inside of here. I sorry for them. We have people in our church is real satisfied you know. Hallelujah. They cipher with everything. They don't even have to have Jesus. They have a building. They have a nice pastor. Handsome looking and everything else. Nice deacon and everybody nice. It's a nice place to go. Nice fellowship. Amen. Praise God. They love the pastor more than God. My God. They love the church more than God. Hallelujah. Christ is not in their hearts. The church is in their hearts. They're like nuns and priests. Hallelujah. Under the pope of Rome. The nuns not serving Jesus Christ. Yes, Lord. The nun sermon in Rome. The priest serving Rome. Hallelujah. He represent God to them. He is God to them. But we have no such gospel. There's another one. That's not what we preach. We preach you are kings and priests. We preach you have to press your way into the kingdom. We preach you can't say you love the pastor. Forget about it. Many love me and I love her too. I am not your husband. Come on, give God some praises. Glory to God. Your husband is Jesus Christ. Your husband is the revealed word. So when he preach the revealed word, you hear it from your husband. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh glory to God. Glory to God. This is not about what church you like. This is what God has spoken. The land had roared. Who can but fear? The Lord God had spoken. Who can but prophesy? And we have a prophecy that there's going to be another Ephesians. The bride must come into view. What bride? An Ephesians pride. Go ahead. No Galatians pride, no Corinthians pride, no Hebrew pride, but there's going to be a Ephesians pride. [Applause] You may be seated. In Ephesians, are you ready? Husband love their wives. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. That is in Ephesians. Thank you, Jesus. In Ephesians, wife, respect your husbands. If you can't respect your husband, you know you're not in Ephesians because it says so to you. [Music] You could be a bullhead and have your own way. That's your choice. God will judge you for that bullet spirit. Strong woman means strong woman like Sarah. Who call her husband Lord. Amen. And respect her husband. That's a strong woman. Strong woman. Bullhead woman and a strong woman. That no strong woman. That's a bull. And God had no bull in this kingdom. He take a feminine spirit off Eve, out of Adam, not a masculine spirit. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God have no CCS in the kingdom. No. No. Men like Ces with female spirit upon them. No. No. No. No. God doesn't have that man. Man, woman, feminine, feminine. Hallelujah. Masculine masculine. No, no. feminist masculine or masculine feminist. No, God made man and woman. Glory to God. Amen. That's Ephesians. Husband does that love their wife, there's a husband that love his wife. Hallelujah. We had to read the Bible. That is not in Ephes. That in Ephesians, children obey their parents. Amen. So, you could be a child inside here. fighting your father, cursing your father, or dring jing your father or thinging your father or how could you be in Ephesians and you fighting your own father? Hallelujah. And the Bible say honor your father and mother that your days belong. You want God cut your day short, you better honor your father and mother. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Honor your father. That's the word. That is Ephesians. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. In Ephesians, we are predestinated unto adoption. In Ephesians, after you believe, you were sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise. In Ephesians, you are no longer strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints and the household of God. [Music] Hallelujah. Glory to God. In Ephesians, Paul said, Ephesians 4, oh my, with all loneliness and meekness, with longsuffering, forbearing one another in love, endeavoring to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace. There is one body in Ephesians, one spirit in Ephesians. There's one hope of your calling. Don't tell me some other group believes something different from what we believe. This is what they're supposed to believe because the whole mess is supposed to come back to this. It's supposed to straighten everything out and come back to one Lord, one faith, one baptism. How many don't like me? They don't like and contest. God is say you have to like me. But hear what I'm preaching. There is going to be another Ephesians. One Lord, one faith, one baptism. That's against my faith. I don't see it. So until you see what kind of glasses you wear. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Glory. Hallelujah. In Ephesians, he gives some apostles. Amen. Some prophets. Hallelujah. some evangelists, some pastors, some teachers. There's an object for that. Amen. For it to be healing the self out for make a name for the no for the perfection s. I wish I had a apron up here. A visual myself taking an apron and putting it on with a sign servant, not boss. Hallelujah. I see you. I want you to do just time to do it. Just pull it out. You put it on my back here. Have a sign. Serve at that boss. Amen. Amen. Oh yeah. Anybody could be a a boss. Hallelujah. Push people around and so on. Jesus. Very few want to serve. My Lord, do you want to serve? That's right. How many want to be servants of God? Is that a servant? You I'm not talking about men, just men, women who servants of God. Hannah was a servant of the Lord. That Hannah and and different one. Servants of God. A servant of the Lord. Somebody that's serving God. Hallelujah. And you serve God, you service people. You want to be activated. You don't want to be a pretty pretty cell phone and you can't make no calls. Hallelujah. You want to be activated by God. That's what the Holy Ghost does. It activates you and it puts you in effective for the body. The body can work without you. If your little finger, you are part of the body. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. We want all the body straighten out. Jesus body break up. Break up. Break up. Hospital bed. But I said a call it again pastor Paris and and and straight foot and whatn not and thing like that tie up. You think God want the body like that the five-fold ministry for the perfecting of the saints. If you ain't a saint that's not for you for the saints. That's why you have to live like a saint, act like a saint. It's for the perfecting of the sanctified ones. I want a bigger amen than that. I'm preaching the word. Perfecting of who? Sanctified one. Say it. Sanctified one. Say it again. Sanctified. That's right. Give the Lord some praises. So all you got to do is to keep sanctified and come and worship. And watch fire come out that minister's mouth. Watch fire come out the word. Watch Christ come and minister to you. Lift the air. Watch that. Sanctify. Hallelujah. And come and worship. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The effectual working of every member. Oh, hallelujah. That's Ephesians. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Paul in Ephesians that you put on the former conversation of the old man which is corrupt according to deceitful lust. Yes. But be renewed in the spirit of your mind. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's the problem with people. Their mind is not changing. And if your mind is not changing, you will do the same thing again. You have to be renewed. Hallelujah. In the spirit of your mind. Your mind change. Yes, you can get a breakthrough. See the possibility like Samson. Yes, I can. Yes, I will. Yes, I must. Hallelujah. Yes. Yes. Yes. All what I've done before, I fail. I'm going to do something different now. The devil is in trouble when you begin to do something different. Praise God. You could leave here thinking in your mind, it going to be different. I want it to be different. I claim it to be different. I don't care what atmosphere is in your home. You could change that atmosphere because you say so. You believe so. You expect so. Yes, you could change it. You could leave it with some oil in your lamp. You could leave it with some oil in your spirit. You could leave yourself anointed with fire, with presence and power that when you walk into your home that demons and devils in your house begin to leave all now. So they say, "Get ready to pack up because they're coming back in power. They return in power." Get ready. Get ready to pack up. Come on, say amen, somebody. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Maybe sees that those boxers before they even fight that's something called the weighing and the weighing they take the pictures where they come see the weighing the weighing howund and some pounds or pounds and at the weighing they'll be talking to one another I beat you in the fifth round man start taking you on fourth you know going on there is a psychological battle they're trying to win the fight before the fight now if that man say I'll beat you in the fifth round and you don't say nothing you in trouble Because his words will ring in your head. He said five. He said fifth. He said five. He said fifth. He said five. He said fifth. He said fifth. He said say fifth. He said five. He said five. He say five go beat me in five. Oh good Lord have mercy. Say five. You ain't tell him back nothing. You see you got to tell back the devil sometime. When that devil telling he going to beat you in five. Tell that devil you going to beat him in four. So he get you. You will take him out first. Before he takes you out. You want to take him out first. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You got to speak to yourself. Some of you not doing that. You're not speaking to yourself. The one with the blood issue. She lost some money. Now when she had the money, she had no problem. You know, and the doctor had no problem, too. Hallelujah. He c he's doing so just come two weeks time. Come back. He can't help her, you know. Amen. Hallelujah. He helped himself to her money. Two weeks time come back. Two weeks time come take two two tablets and take this and take this. Can't help her until she money run out. He said they can't come back. Money run out. Doctor don't want to see her. She can't come back. She watching the mirror and say, "I tell myself that man with the beard, his name is Jesus. If I could just touch the hem of his garment. I hear about so much people heal faith come by hearing the word of God. I ain't going to sit here and die. I ain't going to sit here and waste away. I ain't going to sit here and be unchanged. I ain't going to sit here in the same condition with virtue leaking, with my life leaking, with my Christianity leaking, with my prayer life leaking, with my spirit leaking or my inner man leaking. I'm not going to stay here like that. I'm going to press. I'm going to push. If I just touch the head of his garment, I've got to do something. [Applause] But do you have to come down the steps? No. But I want to but other churches don't do that. That's them. That could be Galatians, Hebrews, or Corinthians. I don't know. But we are Ephesians. Ephesians just radical and different. Come on, say amen, somebody. Ephesians want to see the word manifested. We don't care when, we don't care how, we don't care where, but it's got to be. We are in Ephesians. My God, I'm going to preach like another preach. Yeah. I'm going to come down here too. Glory to God. You are going to be in another Ephesians. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. [Applause] So, you can take it easy, you know. Sure. But this is the package. This is how God wrapped the gift. Yes. Hallelujah. Are you with me? I don't jealous anybody gift and the church and what you know. I don't have that inside of me, you know. I don't want what others have, you know. I just want my mountain. I feel I feel mountainish. I feel I feel inactions and minds to take the head off. Come on. Oh, hallelujah. You have got to get Don't you Are you not tired of being oppressed? Aren't you tired of being beaten? Aren't you tired of demons sitting on your head, on your shoulder, in your home? Come on. Who's going to fight? Who's going to put on the all honor of [Applause] God? You know people think demons just come only on bad people. Bad people are demons because they're bad. They're bad. Peter said the Christ is the living God. Hallelujah. Jesus said flesh and blood had I can't reveal this to you but my father in heaven and after that Jesus telling them the son of man I'll be crucified said no not you can't go Jesus said get behind me Satan Satan put a a a lock foot round piece of neck you know sitting down there trying to tell Jesus no you see you see if Jesus only take that and no and Jesus won't hear no no no don't go don't go no no no Jesus Just push back them one time. Boom. Don't try to shake me off the path and the road to Jordan. [Applause] When God show you your Jordan, show you your cross, don't let anything shake you off of that. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, God want to break the chains inside of here. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So, do you believe another Ephesians is here? Amen. Another Ephesians is coming. Isn't that right? Oh, hallelujah. So, when God released the anointing, the anointing is not for games. Anointing is to do a job. I am come down. But Moses, you go and deliver. The Holy Spirit coming to give you a task to do. Amen. A job. A job to do. Moses brought them out. Joshua took them in. Moses was the man to bring them out. Joshua was the man to take them into the land. Joshua was old. I like that. Hallelujah. And God tell him, Joshua, you're old, but there is more land to be taken. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Say out loud, more land. More to be taken. Say it again. More land. More to be taken. We're not satisfied for books and tapes. [Music] We are not satisfied to say God isn't a prophet. There's more land to be taken. Oh, glory to God. Is there a land of adoption? There's a land of perfection. Yes. There a land of spoken word. Yeah. The land of power over the element. Isn't that right? Power over the fish. Power to demonstrate the power of God. Signs, wonders, and miracles. There's more land to be taken. Why are you defeated in your own home? Why are you defeated in your own marriage? How come you're not seeing that land is yours? How come you're not seeing that devil have to come off your husband, come off your wife, come off your children? How come you're not seeing that? How come you're accepting this is how it's supposed to be? That's not true. That's not true. Amen. That's not true. One time you know the story tell the book of Joshua they tell some man they fighting. They say we're going to take that man head off. We want food. I'm retired. The man say you know food or whatn not and and like if you know you going to take it he want to come back and put licks on you. Them fellas went and take off and take that country. You know these guys wasn't studying their army strength and numbers. You know all they were considering is what God said. Amen. God told Joshua, let's go back at that. God told Joshua, "Every place, you put your foot is yours." God told Joshua, "No man shall be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life as I was with Moses. I will be with you." Hallelujah. I will not fail thee. Nor forsake thee. Only one thing I want. Stop studying other people interpretation. Meditate on the word that the prophet brought day and night. I am not hearing you. Don't put your own idea to what the just take the word and meditate on a day and night in order to have good success. Not success but good success. God want us to be more successful successful than success. He want good success. Oh yeah. He want your cup to run over. Hallelujah. Some of you so mean. You just want a little thing in your cup. God want your cup. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I just loving it. Praise God. You see God filter in filtering out. Filtering out the Hebrew spirit. Filter out the Galatian spirit. Filter out the Corinthian spirit and bring on Ephesians spirit. You saw God filtered down with with with with um with with Gideon. Isn't that right? All of them who just gone in the water and dive in the water the feelings at the beach that no burden all the studies the self they die head fall first but 300 of them was looking like a dog licking the water and they're looking out looking out for the enemy. You're drinking, but don't drink stupid. Drinking like if just you and you alone and you going through. Drink and look. Watch and pray. Drink and be on your guard. Eat and watch. Rejoice and watch. Don't rejoice. I give the devil. It's only for a season. He going for say amen on that one. The devil left Jesus for a season, you know. Yeah. Devil take a break sometimes. He tired haunt you. He had to go by someplace else. God tell me where you are. He said to and fro upon the earth. When he leave you, he going through. Afterwards, he coming through. Let him when he going through, you better rejoice. Stuck up with ammunition. Get your bums. Get your get your build up your fortification. He going through. Next time he coming too, straight to you. Oh, give the Lord some praises people. But we understand his tactics. We understand his tricks. That is why we going to overcome. Every age the devil like tricks. Every age the overcomers overcame. Oh, glory to God. Alpha and Omega. The first bride and the last bride, the same bride. Glory. I feel good this morning. Are you with me? You may be seated. The early church, they were adopted. Amen. That fire in the spirit, soul, body, mechanics was quickened by the Holy Ghost. But they didn't live long enough to go in the rapture. That's right. They have to go down in the ground. Amen. But we we going back and pick up what they had. Amen. Quick and power going to be all over you in your hands too in your tongues. Oh, glory God. Off your body. Oh, glory to God. It take curt off body. And the anointing was upon the curtains. Oh, hallelujah. Anointing everywhere. They preached long nights. And when that man fell dead in church, Paul just raised him from the dead and continue preaching. That's another Ephesians. Come on now. That's another [Applause] Ephesians. You see it? Now somebody fall dead. They call the bat cemetery. They call the funeral home. But in Paul age, he wasn't called a funeral home. Paul raised the dead and continued preaching. Amen. Oh my. What kind of church that was? Do you want that that kind of church? I I want to belong to at that kind of church that the dead can't stay dead. The backsliders can't stay back. Something going to pull you. Something going to pull you. Something going to pull you. Go. God could pull you out. Like Isaac preached when he called Lazarus from the grave. He was still wrapped in grave clothes. So he had to come out like this. He out. He out. He out from his darkness. He out from death, but he he still he's still tied up. You You could come out and still tied up. We're going to untie you. We're going to unwrap you. We're going to unravel you. That's what we are here for. I came to break the spirit off of your life. I have the authority to do that. Come on, say amen, somebody. We got the authority to do that. Glory to God. You can't deliver yourself, but we have a word. We have an authority and we have a power behind this word. Oh, give the Lord some praises, people. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Let me say it. Brother Baron said uh Bible Ephesians let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth. Amen. Amen. You can't talk like a Jezebel. You can't talk like your mouth to talk. You have somewhere between your nose and your mouth and and ching. You're just talking just open your mouth and saying welcome to your mouth. No. Talk like a talk like a saint. Talk like a Christian. Be kind, tender-hearted, be patient. Isn't that right? and grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed until the day of redemption. Let all bitterness and wrath and anger and clamor and evil speaking be put away from you. Be kind one to another, tender-hearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake had forgiven you. Let no foul or polluting language. This is in the amplified. Let no foul or pollutant language or evil word, nor unh wholesome or worthless talk ever come out your mouth, but only such speech as is good and beneficial to the spiritual progress of others. Hallelujah. If you're texting, don't text foolishness. Text something that will edify and build up somebody. You're going to write something on Facebook. Write something that will edify and build somebody, not something that say, "Ouch." Hallelujah. What is this? Don't do that. Do not grieve the Holy Spirit. Do not offend or vex or sadden him. This is the amplified. Of whom you are sealed, mark, branded of God's own secured for the day of redemption. Let all bitterness, indignation, and wrath, passion, rage, and bad temper, resentment, anger, animosity, and quality. Paul is speaking to the church. Christians have that body. Yeah. Yeah. Brawling, clamor, contention, slander, evil. speaking abusive, blasphemous language be banished from you with all malice, spite, ill will, or basis of any kind. Become useful and helpful and kind to one another. Tender-hearted, compassionate, understanding, loving, kind, and so forth. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Turn away your parents and fathers. Don't provoke your children to rat, but bring them up in the fear and admission of God. Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might. Put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. For we r not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and spirit, against powers, against rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. So friends, that is a synopsis of what Ephesians is. So now you understand what you don't want. You don't want Galatians. You don't want Corinthians. You don't want Hebrews. You want a perfect church. Amen. You want not Jacob grace. You want Joseph perfection. The capstone word manifested. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. That is what you want. You want chosen perfection, the capstone word manifested among us in your heart in your life. You want a thirst for perfection, not excuses. Well, forgive. Well, and somebody come with some foolish excuse. We don't want no excuses. It's either you're fighting or you're not fighting. Either you're going forward or going backward. Are you pressing or you're not pressing? No excuses. Oh, glory to God. Some bron wanted to be at the border. And Joshua say listen to fight than they want to go by border go by the border. Some people like to live at the border. Just where the world is, they want to be right there as close as possible. There are people who have more friends in the world than in church. That is their choice because they have problems with brethren. There's always problem that say last week, let's fight. I just love that. Let's fight. But after we fight, we are family. What we fighting for? Fighting for what's right. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Isn't that right? Because if we get it right, no sick is coming here and going to leave you sick. [Applause] Nobody come here b leave you here bound. When they walk in the building, the anointing is flowing back and forth. There was a time brother Brandon walked into the pulpit and cripples had to come out the wheelchair. He said the angel was present. He didn't have to speak a word. The anointing came in and everything changed. Oh, glory to God. It's going to change for your life if you believe it. I don't care what you have been in. God can deliver you. I could drop a big question on you right now. Is anything too hard for God? It means changing your mind. [Applause] But what happened to this message so back right now? They don't even believe in miracles. People don't believe in miracles. They don't believe in miracles. They don't believe that God is able to change and transform the situation around them. My God. One time some lepers was in a building inside Israel. Yeah. Elijah make a prophecy about what was going to take place and those lepers call it dingy fate. A fate based upon reason. They say if we stay here we will die. If we go out to the enemy we will die. These are lepers. They hungry. They say you know what? Let's go out. We could die here or we could die there. We choose to die outside looking for food. And when them fellas step out, God caused some thunder and some lightning and some rumblings and the enemy dropped everything and run. Because the Lord was working for them. And when them guys got to the camp, they seen food, they seen gold, everything was theirs. They had a good feast. They swing on the hammock. Then they said, "This is not right." The whole village down there starving. Let me go and tell them. That's how they went to get the report. Food, dingy fate. All God waiting for somebody to step out. Amen. People like safety thing. Safe. Hallelujah. Glory. You're safe. You have two friends. God bless you. God bless you. Punch your start and go home. After service, the same two people. God bless you. God bless you. Punk start. Go home. You're safe. The friends like you. You like them. That is my friend. Jesus boss his own disciples. He said you can't love your own. Hallelujah. The Pharisees love their own too. Everybody have their particular friend. He said you have to love those that hate you, don't like you. Amen. Amen. Amen. How you going find them? There are people who disagree with you. Some people have problems with you and you have to show love. Give them a good hug. Amen. A good greeting and let the love vibrate from your spirit in your heart. Not not that not that kind of hunger. That's just a physical thing. We're not talking about that. We talking about something from within. Isn't that right? Hallelujah. Are we in the word? Glory. Hallelujah. You got to press on. You got to do something different. You got to extend yourself. H. You got to stretch. They say when people building muscles and they're lifting iron, you can't just lift the same iron every time. You're not building any muscles. You're you're breaking a sweat. When you want to bring the muscles, you have to lift higher and higher and and and more heavy and so on to strain and pull and pump. I don't lift iron. I just taking a report. This is just pure information purposes. I have no such revelation. I'm not into into that. But this is what I understand must be done. So if you have to get muscles of faith, You have to begin to exercise it and stretch. You got just have faith just to bounce your start and come to church. That's why you do it for years. Hallelujah. But when you start to say, "Wait a minute. Are you going to have a revival?" You know, it's starting here right now. And I taking it back home and I'm going to drop it up on my family. Come on now. that that that is stretching a little bit because you can't stay that and go home and do normal things. You have to go and check the family now. Say what going on? I come to pray for you. Are you ready? Oh hallelujah. They say what's wrong with daddy boy? What wrong with me brother? What wrong with me sister? You start to take charge. Hallelujah. You're stretching your faith. You walk inside the house and say I come to claim this place for the kingdom of God. The blood of Jesus is against you, Satan. My God. Hallelujah. You start to call out a work of darkness. All them demons hiding in the cupboard, in the kitchen, in the bedroom, wherever those demons are, they start to wake up and wipe their eye and say, "Let's get out of here." It look like somebody with rank. Somebody with authority, somebody with some kind of authority walk inside of the house. We got to get [Applause] out. Glory. Glory. Glory. You have to understand how it work in the spirit realm. When those sons of skia wanted to get power like the Ephesians church to cast out devils and they come and see some devils and they want to cast them out. Come on devil in the name of Paul. Jesus that Paul preach they don't have faith to preach the but they claiming faith. Paul preached the devil tell them Paul I know. Hallelujah. Peter I know. Who are you? Yes. And they jump on them. You don't play with that. Oh, hallelujah. So those demons know Paul. Those demons know Peter. Those guys had rank. That is another Ephesians. Those guys had authority. That is another Ephesians. When they walk, demons scatter. I'm not hearing you. Praise God. It come like you a teacher. When you go in that classroom, all kind of demons upon them children. But when you see a get empowered and you walk into that classroom, them demons under arrest. because you claim that whole thing on your job. You have to do that. You have to ask God protection and covering. You can't just walk. People come with demons and no witchcraft, all kind of evil powers on the job. You can't walk unprotected. You have to walk with the armor of good. That's what we are talking about. It's a war. Oh, glory to God. You don't walk with a protection. Somebody threw some spirit upon you. You come home, that spirit upon you. You act up in your own home. You don't even know why you're acting like that. Some demon upon you because you pick it up somewhere along the way without even understanding the warfare that's going on. Church is not a game. Church is not playing. A demon wasn't playing. The devil wasn't playing because the the the serpent was so close to man. The devil opportunity to inject himself into man because of that very serpent was so close to man. So Lucifer drop into the serpent and go and interfere with Eve that he could inject himself and bring a different race of people on the earth. It's a seed that's on the earth belong to the devil, they could never be saved. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Didn't name not in the land book of life. But you are privileged this morning to know that before the foundation of the world, God put your name in the lamb's book of life. Glory to God. You might be broken, but you're still a son. You might be defeated, but you are still a daughter. You might be flat out, but you are still a son. You might be wounded, but you are still a son and daughter of God. Oh, glory to God. You still have something to shout about. You still have something to praise God about. Are Ephesians church? Do you see her? Yes, sir. Do you see it? Amen. Do you see how easy to belong to any church, any group? Hallelujah. and not still miss the Ephesians mark. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham says, watch, we are promised according to Revelation 10 according to Malachi 4, St. Luke 17:30 that there's going to come an Ephesians to this. There's a promise, friends. There must come an Ephesians that sevenfold mysteries of the word must be unfolded. And it's in the loud decent age in which it takes place. The prophet said it himself. He didn't promise no Pentecostal church. He didn't promise no a Corinthians church or or Galatians church or Hebrew church. He promised another Ephesians. That is promised in this age. What's Laudisia? Cold, formal, lukewarm and so on. Have need of nothing. A rich church. They figure everything is fine. But they don't know the wretched, miserable, naked, and porn. They don't know it. That's that that's outia. But Ephesians is what I preach to you. Amen. Ephesians is that bridge to take you over to glory land. We have to cross over to glory and Ephesians is that bridge. That's the only bridge that God have. The rest is filthy church ages. Filthy church. That's what he saw in the vision. Isn't that right? So watch. He said therefore he said I think we are living in Ephesians again. Now in the last days we are given the understanding by the word that we are going to understand it because there will come an Ephesians age to it. And now how much more you promise by believing in the Bible to this very age. We are living the Ephesians age again. We have got seven church age and we are promised. You see it again that at the loud recent church age there would be another Ephesians. Hallelujah. That is the expectation. Glory. Glory. Another what? Ephesians. Ephesians. No excuses. Well, we have seen it. So how you seeing it is what the prophet said. Amen. Even when we come to the end, watch the last message is supposed to straighten that all up to bring these things to one Lord, one faith, one baptism. What is that? Another Ephesians. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Praise be to Jesus. Hallelujah. And then he said, we said this last week, the hidden mysteries of Revelation 10:1-7, the last message to the last church, which is seven thunders. Isn't that right? Then he said, "Now you see what coming to the Jordan meant. We are all down here now. Let's cross over now. Let's quit playing. Let's cross to the other side now cuz it all belongs to us. It's all ours." Them visions never fail. They can't fail because they come from God. And I believe it with all that's within me. We are not the Harland that will run back into the wilderness. We will cross Jordan. The separation. God break to us the seals that's on the back of the book. Let us enter into this great place. Now, this is 1964 paradox. This is after the seven seals was opened. He's saying, "God, break to us the seals in the back of the book." That's the seven seal. That's the seven thunders. He's asking for the seven thunders. Listen. Watch. Watch that. Watch. Let us enter into this great place now. For Joshua divided to the people the inheritance that God has left for them. Oh, hallelujah. God requires a Jordan in every life. God requires a Jordan in every life. There must be things to kill you. There must be things to pain you. There must be things to hurt you as it was. To break your human spirit. The object is to break your spirit. Oh, hallelujah. To keep you alive in your flesh, but to make you die out. That you could come alive in the spirit. That you could be strengthening the inner man as a son, as a daughter of God. So he bring heartaches, he bring pain, he brings mind battle for you to die out. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. One time there was a sister. Oh, glory to God. have a husband who was a worldly person and she was a Christian. She wasn't just a message believer. She was a Christian. She wasn't just a church member. She was a Christian. And at the time he brought some friends home and they begin she begin to serve them things to drink and to eat and they let it fall in the ground and keep making mess on the ground and throwing it down and whatnot. And she would clean it up and treat them kindly and nice and so forth. And the husband tell the friends, "You see, you see, I tell you, she's a Christian." Amen. Amen. I tell you she's a Christian. Amen. What if she had take the weight and bang it on the head and say, "This is my house. I ain't taking no nonsense or nobody come to bring no man inside here to wreck up my house and nasty at my house and what and take a broom and run them out." What was that man testimony? Sorry fellas, I thought she was a Christian. Hallelujah. But she lived something. What What hidden mystery that was? That was Christ. That was the spirit. Hallelujah. That's what have to be seen. Could we go over? Yes, sir. Could we go further? And the church organization, denomination has failed and they will not take the church over. God will raise up a new system and denominational system by the power of God that will take the church into the promised land. Organization and denomination has messed it up. Each one after their own theology, each one after their own thinking. But God will take his Holy Spirit. We raise up his Joshua that will take the church to the promise with no denominational strings tied anywhere. So listen, we know that there's a land somewhere. Isn't that right? There's a power somewhere and we are trying to go into that promised land. Isn't that right? Joshua knew that land. Praise be to Jesus. And he said, "Now when we went to the river, it divides us. It separates us. Once on the other side, something happens to you." Isn't that right? Hallelujah. So the first stage is to come out. The second stage is sanification through the blood that kills all the human desires of evil. That's the second stage of the journey. But the third stage is when they cross Jordan into the promised land where the inheritance laid. The inheritance never laid in Egypt though God blessed them in Egypt. Isn't that right? The inheritance lay where? In the promised land. And what is between you and the promised land? Jordan. What is between you and the promised land? What is between you and the promised land? Where's your inheritance? Across Jordan. So you got to cross Jordan. Isn't that right? Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Do you believe that? Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, Canaan land, watch the book of Ephesians, this from adoption. All right. Let me see where I'm at here now. All right. Settling your belts now. If you haven't put on your seat belts, put it on cuz we're about to ride. Yes. You thought we was going to stop the car and let you out? No. Let's say buckle on your seat belts. All right. Now, the book of Ephesians I was saying is one of the greatest books of the New Testament. The book of Ephesians draws it and positionally places the church. Now, Israel was brought up of Egypt and there are three stages. One stage is leaving Egypt. Next stage is wilderness. Third stage was Canaan. So, Canaan does not represent the age of the millennium. It only represent the age of the overcomer. the dispensation of overcoming. So I expect your testimony of overcoming after this service and going far testimonies. Oh now catch it now. See now get the victory. Hallelujah. Now see what I'm supposed to be doing. I'm supposed to be overcoming. Isn't that right? Hallelujah. Now watch. Because Canaan they killed and burned and took cities. There's no debt in the millennium. Watch another thing it does. It brings up justification by faith after they believe in Moses left Egypt. sanification truth under the pillar of fire and the atonement of the sacrificial lamb. Then enter into the land that had been promised that had been promised. Promised. Now what is the land promised to the New Testament believer? Question. Brother Abraham answers the promise is the Holy Spirit. Say it after me. The promise is the Holy Spirit. So the Holy Spirit is the promise. So all the journey is to take us to the Holy Spirit. All the mysteries have to take us to the Holy Spirit. All the revelations have to take us to the Holy Spirit. Because the Holy Spirit is the land of promise. We don't have the pyramid here. But after brotherly kindness, there's a slot. Hallelujah. And that slot marks what? Holy Spirit. on top that splut my LOV that's Christ's corporate body but beneath that is his spirit that is what you come out allow this year for you come allow this to enter into holy spirit do you understand what I'm saying so we are journeying into the promised land we are journeying into the holy spirit land do you believe that so what's your promise the holy spirit [Applause] what's your promise say it out loud what's your promise That spirit is dynamic. Oh, give the Lord a shout inside of here. All right. Abraham quote the scripture. It shall come to pass. I'll pour my spirit Joel too. Praise God. Adoption. Did you notice Joshua before they crossed Jordan, he said, "Go to the midst of the camp, clean your clothes. Sam, every one of you, let no man come at his wife or within three days, you'll see the glory of God." He says it's a process of getting ready to inherit the promise. So this promise is not a kind of everything goes. It's a process. That's right. And getting ready. All right. Let's continue question and answers. Now if that exactly up to your place this morning, here you come. Today the church has come to justification through Lutheration through the Methodist. Now up to the time of the promise. This is brother Brown again in question answers. Listen carefully. The promise is the baptism of the spirit. Hallelujah. Which is promised all through the Old Testament and new. The promise, behold, I send the promise of my father upon you. That is the promise. Are you ready? Amen. The promised land is to live in this land of the Holy Spirit. Amen. That God promised for the church. Amen. Is to live in the power of the spirit. It's another world. It's another land. You have to come out of the conditions that you have been in to come and live in this promised land to receive the promise. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Remember the promise. You shall receive power from on high after the Holy Ghost is come upon you. So, let's go back to adoption. Moses being a type of Christ. led the children up to the promised land. Then Moses did not take the children in the promised land. Joshua took the people in and divided up the land. Jesus paid the price, led them up to the Holy Spirit. Then God sent down the Holy Spirit and he positionally placed the church in order. Each man filling him with his presence of his being, you see what I mean? Predestinated to be called to this gospel. So Jesus brought them up to the promised land, but Joshua, the Holy Ghost, take them over in the upper room. Isn't that right? Jesus told them, "If I don't go, the comforter will not come. I've got to go for the comforter to come. I am with you, but the comforter going to be in you. I will not leave you comfortless." The word is a comfort. But when the comforter is come, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the father will send in my name, he will lead you and teach you and bring things back to remembrance and show you things to come. Oh, hallelujah. What is it? The Holy Ghost coming upon your life to show you things to come and bring things back to your remembrance. Hallelujah. Could you give the Lord a praise offering? You have a promise of the Holy Ghost. That's your personal promise. Don't let no man take that from you. Don't let no church rob you from that. That's your promise. That's the promise of God. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. For the believers and Caleb, Joshua outfit that was going on to the promise, they move over into the land. Hallelujah. And sat long in the land as a possession. We never stop at justification, sanification. Let us go on to the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Let's not stop at believing on the Lord Jesus, being baptized. Let's not stop because he came from a life of sin. But now we press, here we go, into a position to a promise of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. For Peter said in the day of Pentecost, for the promises unto you and to your children and to them that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. Hallelujah. So, Ephesus here sets us like Joshua positionally. Notice Joshua after crossing over the land and taking the land, he divided the land. Ephraim here. Amen. Manister here. This one here, God here, Benjamin here, he divided the land. Oh, glory to God. Notice this just burns our hearts. Each one of those Hebrew mothers giving birth to those children. She spoke the very place in their labor pains where they would be positioned in the promised land. And Joshua not knowing this, but by inspiration, led of the Holy Spirit positionally placed them just where the birds say they're supposed to be. So the mother's grown and said, "God," the mother's grown and said, "Ephraim." The mother has grown and said Benjamin. And every one of them by the groanings was to be placed positionally in the land. Oh, hallelujah. and the Holy Spirit know where you belong. Amen. What position for you to be in? Oh, glory to God. But the mothers had to grown to get the name. Hallelujah. Thank you. Then brother, I'm bringing to something here. He say how God set in the church through the labor pains. Oh, glory to God. Not just singing special through labor pains. You got to get some pains. Oh, glory to God. A woman who just have a baby and just have a baby. She have 9 months to go through and then there's something called labor pain. Oh, glory to God, water bag break, then the blood, then praise God, a baby is coming. But she go into something called labor pain. And when labor pain start to affect her, she can't stop it. Oh, glory to God. Because time up for that baby. Time up. And I feel that God going to say time up. We have been waiting long enough looking for the promise of dynamics. Looking for the promise of the father is about time up. bring forth the Messiah because the Messiah must be identified. The Messiah going to be on the earth. Oh, say amen. Somebody time up. You waited long enough, grown long enough, hang in there long enough, prayed long enough. [Applause] Glory. So these bunch of ministers fooling themselves if they don't come through labor pains thinking they are five-fold ministry. Praise God. Because they say so. My Jesus. Amen. My Jesus. God has set some. Amen. Not the association said some. God has set some through labor pain. They get tremendous sometime. Hallelujah. Amen. I get 10% even on that one. Amen. Because they were tremendous and pain was in the same line. Hallelujah. They get tremendous sometimes. Amen. Amen. There we go. Are you ready? Amen. When a church is groaning, what church? Galatians. No. They're not growing. That's right. Hebrews, no. They on milk. Amen. What about Corinthians? They they even burden sin. So he's talking about Ephesians. When a church is groaning, Amen. under the persecution of the outside world. Now that is not people in party and dance. No, that's church world. Hallelujah. believing on the Lord Jesus that the promise of the Holy Ghost is just as real as it was to Pentecost. Don't try to expose away from me. Don't try to tell me that I have it already and I got it again. Don't try to tell me it's it see the real thing only. Hallelujah. Tell me it rightly divided. Tell me the new birth is a birth and tell me the new birth is an experience. Tell me the revelation comes first. Tell me the experience comes after. Tell me the seed is in the soul. And tell me the spirit have to strike the seed in the soul. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. [Applause] Don't tell me I'm a manifested son in seed form. That is foolishness. You can't be a manifested son in seed form. A seed is a seed to become manifested. The seed have to go through process. It have some seeds don't even make it up. They stick up so and die. Hallelujah. That is potential. Hallelujah. You have a seed. You have a potential crop. That is potential. Let the rain fall. Let the sunshine and let the birds come around. Some fell on the wayside. Some of the birds are listen. Some of the birds take it. Amen. Oh, you not hearing me? Hallelujah. So, in other words, you have to grow into that manifestation. As many as receive him, the word to them gave he power to become. That means you have to add to your faith, virtue, and knowledge and temperance and patience. You can't set because you're in church. You can't set because you believe a prophet. You have to add. Peter said so. Having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust, loss of the eyes, loss of the flesh. You escaped that to get this. You escaped that to come into [Applause] this. Receive that. You can't stop. You're going to have lust of the eyes, lust of the flesh, that have money, woman, popularity. All that will always be there. That's the world. All that is in the world. But what God call us to is overcome. You have to tell yourself that you are going to be in Ephesians where the overcoming will begin where you have to take mountains and and and and fight for what is right and burn down cities. Sometime you have to burn the past you know light a match and burn it. Don't have no boyfriend in the closet to bring him back out. Kill him dead to the world. Debt to worldly girlfriend. Worldly boyfriend. You kill that. You cut that off. Why? You're going on inheritance. Hallelujah. How many want inheritance? [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If you're tired, stand up. Shout, "Praise God because I ain't finished yet." Amen. Right now, I throwing in a second gear, second win. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. We going to have an Ephesians church and a church that want to line up. They say, "Give me word, preacher. Drop it on me. Give it to me." Hallelujah. I want it. I wish brother could preach a bunch like you. Amen. Had it hard enough. That's right. He alone speaking and them people just fanning and thing like that and they wait for the prayer line. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. Half the thing good over the head. And because he's a prophet, he could prophesy. I see the bride called. I see the bride sealed. Hallelujah. See the bride. See only seen the bride. seeing the bride. He got talk about church. Church is trouble. Church is shock. You know, I see the shock. I see the shock. I see the shock. We want to see each other. Hallelujah. Amen. You're looking for bride. Not bridesmaid. Amen. Have a girlfriend, your fiance, is she looking for the bridesmaid is part of the bridal party, but they're not the bride. Hallelujah. We want to be bride or bridal party. No, you needed by the party, but it have a bride. And sometimes there are people in your life, God ordained that they help you. That's right. By troubling you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's right. The trouble coming good, you know, hot and heavy. Because when you get them troubles, nobody knows. And yet yet nobody in church. Nobody knows. You're not gossiping. The trouble I've seen but Jesus. Jesus said, "That's my son. That my daughter." You're going through your struggles and you're acting right. You're doing right. God must bless you. I know God bless us for staying with the word. I know God blessing me and God will bless me for staying with the word. Friend or no friend? I'm getting more and more detached from human spirit and feelings and emotion. One time I had a boss and sister, she cried on the phone. I said, "Listen, I'm not your husband." You know, I'm a I'm the pastor of the church. I tell like it is I am not there with you when you're crying. I tell her what I supposed to tell her. She cried and cried and cried and cried. What to do with that crying? That's your own female spirit is what the word say. So I supposed to be caught up in your human spirit. Oh God, she cry. Oh God, I cried too. You crying by yourself cuz you have to die. Amen. When the word come is the word friend or no friend you see what I'm talking [Applause] if you married to an don't do like saf change your name don't do likes of fire say that man was always a crook God help me all right so watch they get tremendous sometime believing the Lord Jesus that the promise of the Holy Ghost just as real as was the Pentecost how they grown moan and cry under labor pains. But when they are born one and positionally born two into the kingdom then the Holy Ghost when then the Holy Ghost not before then the Holy Ghost sets in the church some apostles some prophets some teachers some pastors some evangelists and in there he get speaking in tongues interpretation in tongues. What did God tell the prophet? Do the work of evangelist. But he was placed as that Elijah. When you open the word, six seals. Christ was the seventh seal. He opened six seals. Christ veiled in him the seventh seal. But he was vindicated to be that Elijah because the word comes to a prophet. And he went with the king's sword, flipped the whole pyramid open and brought back the word of God. He went west to bring back the interpretation of the white rock, the granite stone. Hallelujah. He came back with the word that vindicated him to be in Malachi 4 that Elijah prophet. He was not positionally placed as an adopted son in the kingdom of God to reveal God. And then later on he said come to the unveiling of the mighty God. God was veiled in that manifil. He wasn't waiting on the angel. The angel was in him. Oh give the Lord a shout of praise. Oh give the Lord a shout in the house. Oh, hallelujah. Then that prophet prophesied that the pillar of fire will be veiled in the adopted sons. Are you telling me there's no adopted sons? There's not going to be any adopted sons. There will be an adopted sons. Not based upon their preaching, not based upon the shouts of their churches, but based upon their behavior. He want the Holy Spirit giving reports. That son is just like mine. He walk like me. He talks like me. He acts like me. He operates like me. That's that's adoption. Are you understanding it? You may be seated. Then go to have a ceremony, not a private ceremony, public ceremony. Go bring out in the open. He said he will let it be made known among men. You can't even keep it a secret. He would make sure he identify this is my beloved son in whom I'm pleased. Hear him. Look, look him here. Look, look, look at daughter here. Look, look at here. He going to identify his son. And listen, the son will not be ashamed of the father and the father will be ashamed of the son. The son love the father, the father love the son. Son doeth that which pleases the father. Who going to stop that? When God begin to take the robe off of his sons. Understand this. The devil went in God's Eden and threw on God's masterpiece. And now God choose Satan Eden to come to unveil his masterpiece. Oh my God. And the same alpha church which is the Ephesians church was God masterpiece. He was that was an alpha bride. And now God come through omega bride to unveil a masterpiece. And and God waited for Satan to lose all the naked women, all the pornography. He waited for the internet. He waited for everything to be set just right. Everybody connected. When China, something happened to China and the whole stock market all around the world start to go downhill. Oil going down. Things beyond the control of governments. They book the oil at $80. Now the oil $40. They can't stop what's going to happen because they can't buy or sell until they take the mark of the beast. The whole financial system is connected all together around the world. Oh glory to God. So what happened way in some other country affect the next country way across there and what happened here going to affect some place across there. Why? The prophet said the Holy Ghost will go across the world overnight. You have to understand what is happening. There's a supernatural power about to break forth into the church. No man could stop. The heavens will shut up for many years. And Elijah said that even through a rain will fall till I call for it. But there's a people about to be raised up that going to unlock the heavens by speaking the seven tunnels by revelation. And they're going to lock the heavens and the rain is going to begin to fall and nothing going to stop it. Your sins can't even stop it. Your past can't stop it. Your failures can't stop it. What you have been through can't stop it because the mouth of the Lord has spoken it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated. I'm talking about family in the last days for the hearing of the true word. They run to the east or the west. They can't find it. We got people preaching their own thing. Understand this. People can preach Bible. They have big churches, 20,000, 10,000. All kind of churches. They don't have to believe a prophet. They can believe whatever they want and have a church. That is church. That's not bride. That's church. The bride is flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone. Bar said he came to bring you his the mate, the revealed word. That's your husband. He said that's your mate. So when the revealed word comes to you, your husband is coming to you. Glory to God. Glory to God. Why son of man come? to bring seed. Amen. Amen. To sew the bribe. To put a seed in you. Amen. And that you could get pregnant. Amen. Pregnant with God. Hallelujah. Carrying a baby. Carrying baby Jesus. Pregnant with God. Carrying a manifestation locked up in your life. All the potentials in that seed. Oh. Oh. Glory to God. All the power is in that seed. All God's glory is in the word. All God's glory in the seed. And that seed is inside of you. The secret is the word is in the bride. Oh, glory to God. You can't study while you was backing for so much years and oh missing so much years and they can't make it. No. Jesus give a parable to handle that. He talk about the pay the same penny workers working whole day. People working for 40 years, 30 years waiting for dynamics and you come in the last hour and you say pay time now. Well, that's what I'm talking about. Pay time about to come forth. Dynamics about to come forth. Power about to come forth. Stop studying how long it was backing. Stop solving how long you was out of it. Forget about it. Study what God promised. He promised dynamics. He promised the Holy Ghost. He promised a super church. He promised a super race. He promised another Ephesians. The bride that Ephesians bride will come into view again. [Applause] Hallelujah. Wonderful. According to Ephesians 4. Amen. Isn't that right? Hallelujah. Everybody gets something. You have a place for everybody. Not just the preachers get something. Fight for ministry. Fight for ministry. Oh, I get tired of that because it's flesh and blood parading the beef trying to say fivefold ministry. No death, no cross, no crucifixion. But abandon was a prophet, you know. He was not fivefold minister, you know. He was a major prophet, you know. Hallelujah. According to Malachi 4, this scripture wasn't in in in Ephesians 4. You know, he wasn't Ephesians 4 prophet, you know. He was a prophet like not to Moses. Hallelujah. that that level like Isaiah, that level of prophet, you know, and he lost his wife. Amen. And he lost his child. And he lost the anointing for 5 years. Amen. He was not a Pentecostal preacher. He was a prophet. Amen. Almost killed himself and the gun couldn't go off. Amen. He got depressed. That's right. He wants to give up. That's right. And God take him through. Later on in adoption, he said he could turn your wife against you. He could take your wife. He could take your child. He could do discuss your sickness. He says the test that could come. Amen. Amen. You haven't reached that yet. You haven't even seen the wilderness. Amen. And some of you like we're dead. But if you were dead now, don't say, "Lord, no wilderness, please." Now, we need the wilderness. Yes sir. We need to test because that is what will form into the word image. No test, no forming. Are amen getting so light. You understand what I'm saying? You have to understand that. You know the pressure is what changes and molds and shapes. That is what going to do it for you. You can't run from it. You can't hide from it. You have to understand what you have to go through. Not taken out of but go through. If God rescue you, you ain't go through. He rescue you. When you go through it, you are changed. Now listen, if your eye feeling sleepy, rub it. Get a match stick, stick it, open your eye, keep your eye open, but don't sleep on me right now. Don't get weary on me right now because we are in the word and we got to get this. You got to see what it is. You got to see what you're pressing on into. Oh, glory. You got to see what you're fighting for. You're not fighting for brother oid. No, you're not fighting for this church. No, we don't have that kind of thing. You're not fighting against a group. Glory. Glory. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We have no enemies out there. Praise God. We have enough enemies out there. You are your own enemy. Amen. Amen. They don't want to say amen on that one. Amen. You are your biggest enemy. If you could get with you, you'll be fine. But you are in the way. Let me Oh my God. Hallelujah. Let me challenge you. What would you do if there was no restraint upon your life? How far would you go if there was no hindrance upon your life? No sin, no complexes, no issues. If you could have break out of your past, you're going home and your mother was so and your father was so that why you are so too. I'm talking about all that nonsense and that is nonsense. That have nothing to do with the cross on Calvary. What if you were unhindered? What if what was binding you was taken off of you this morning? Would you run? Hallelujah. Would you dance? Would you shout? What if you had no hindrances? I can't speak. I can't talk. I have no education. I can't write. What if you had no limits? I want you to answer me. I can't love. I can't trust. I get I get problems to be open. What if What if that could break off for you? Where where would you do? What would you do? Amen. If there's no sin in your life and there is nothing hindering you, what would you do at this moment? No issues. You're going past what your neighbor did you? You gone past what this one tricked you and what this one would dishonor. You're going past who lie. No issues. No against anybody. You are free indeed. Would you sit there like that? [Applause] You may be seated. What if you have no issues? I don't have a husband. I don't have a wife. I'm not tall enough. I'm not pretty enough. I'm not big enough. I'm not tall enough. I don't have a degree. My business is not good. Hallelujah. I have a poor job. I hate my job. What if there was no hindrance? How would you act? What is keeping you back? Your children so miserable. Yeah, they are. What if that you don't have that yoke upon you because they clouding your mind because that's your children and you're overburdened with them and you can't even pray good because you can't even see the will of God for your life because you're concerned about them. God has family. What if that get lift off of you? Would you break out? Would you shout? Would you would you want to serve the Lord? Would you want to pray for the sick? Would you want to visit somebody hospital? Would you want to go to somebody who you never went before? Would you want to visit the saints? Would you want to encourage somebody and lift somebody up? Praise God. What if there was no hindrance? You want to be seated? That's not my job. That for somebody else to do. That for sister to do. That for sister so and so to do. That's what brother to do. That's brother George to do. That's what if there was nothing like that. There was just a open sea in which you only seeing the will of God. Amen. And there's no hindrance. And then you're in that wheelchair and you you you recognize there's nothing hindering you from coming out that wheelchair there. There's nothing hindering you from your arm. There's nothing hindering you from making an effort to move that finger there because you never even tried. But something tell you, you know what? I like holding my hand like this all the time. The doctor tell me the finger can't move. And you decide to make an effort and you're watching your finger and say move. You got to move. You got to move. I've got to do something. There's no hindrance. There's no hindrance of faith. All things are possible to them that believe. And the first finger move, the second finger could move, the third finger could move. Your hand could move. What could hinder you? Praise God. Hallelujah. Have no idols before me. Don't put the movies before God. That's an idol. Don't put the internet before God. That's an idol. Don't put Facebook before God. That's an idol. Don't put your church before God. That's an idol. Don't put your business before God. That's an idol. Have no idols before me. What if we throw down all those idols tonight? What if we throw down those altars? Throw down those idols. Praise God. Break down the altars. Break down the altars of Bale. Break down those idols. Hallelujah. There is no idols in your life. What would you do? Glory to God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. All them movie watching, if God break that spirit off of you, what will you do? Would you shout in the house? Would you dance like Miriam on the banks of the river when she saw all her sins in the sea washed away and Pharaoh chariots and them dead in the sea? All your past washed away. All your sins washed away. Oh, glory to God. Who the son of man set free. We need people to break out. We need people to be free. Get free inside of here. Free to worship. Free to praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated. What if that lust wasn't troubling you? Hallelujah. Yeah. What if that sinful unclean thought wasn't bothering you where it is? What would you do? Thank you, Jesus. Things that you can't even speak to other people. Jesus. And your mind racing because devil just slamming your mind. Hallelujah. What would you do if you get free from all of that? Free from all the unclean thoughts and the evil thoughts and the lustful thoughts and you begin to get free from all of that. What going to happen to your life? Would you break out as a son of God? Would you break out of a daughter of God? Would you break out to serve God with all your heart? You shall find me when you seek me with all your heart. All your heart means the movie out. All your heart means pornography out. All your heart means the world out. All your heart means the filth of the world out. All your heart. All your heart. All your heart. Oh glory to God. Want all of your heart. Oh, don't put no idol inside of there. Don't let the movies ground you because inside of there. Don't need worldly friends ground you because inside of there you shall find me when you seek with all of your heart. God want your heart this morning. Not your head, your heart. If you have a desire for God to activate what's in your heart, he going to activate that today. Yes. He going to anoint you with a passion to know the word. He going to anoint you with a cry to get in the spirit. He going to anoint you with a fervent desire to please God. How many want that this morning? How many want that? Another Ephesians. Oh, glory to God. Reject the Galatians church. They are good. They are fine. They in the message. Reject it. You may be seated. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, we go. We spend some time today. I'm telling you, you say brother rejected. Yes. Rejected because when that which is perfect is come, hallelujah. That which is in part is done away. Hallelujah. God don't need a Galatians or Corinthians or Hebrews. He don't need that. He need Ephesians because that is the vision of the bride. [Applause] So I don't care who preacher, who minister, if they're not preaching the word as spoken by Malachi 4, I'm not interested. I am not interested. Any cuckoo revelation, any new revelation, it must be as the prophet said it because the spirit and the prophet and the bride will say the same thing. Hear me church. Hear me good. The spirit, hallelujah, the prophet and the bride will say the same thing. Hallelujah. You may be seated. The problem is the people in the message don't know the message because the people have been preaching their own thoughts for a long time. That's right. Because they figure they are little mini prophets. They bringing revelations. The truth. Amen. Amen. Give example. years ago I met met a brother and we were in a fellowship and he says justification is like this pick up a piece of wood with moss in it. So he start there going off because that song is a real revelation cuz in those days they like to say that trainer do have wheat so we can't use our wheat type so we make our own type. Amen. So say okay go ahead sanification take the most out of it. Holy Ghost you shape the wood. I said, "Okay." I said, "What did Brother Brandon say?" Justification think about dirty glass. Sanification, wash the glass, bapt the Holy Ghost, you pour milk into the glass. I said, "You afraid the milk or what?" I said, "Now with your revelation is the moss and the wood is the same wood." Yes. No new element added. You just scrape the moss off the wood and shape the same old wood. Yes. But with the brother Brandham type, you introduce a new element. You pour milk into the glass. That is the Holy Ghost representative there. Now watch. If you don't know the word, that type sounds good. It's so close it could deceive the lick if possible. But that is foolishness. You a want to get no scrape off no moss and shape your old wood. You the same old man just a new tie on you. You feel to put blue today and yellow tomorrow. Every day you're changing your tie because you feeling if anybody have a brand new tie, they're feeling brand new. What kind of foolishness is that? You can't preach that kind of gospel. There's got to be a fire. That's what I'm saying. They're not preaching it, but we going to preach it till fire come. Fire have to come. Hallelujah. Fire has to come. Holy Ghost fire. Who said that? John said there's one standing among you. He going to baptize you with the Holy Ghost and fire. John's essay there's one stand among you. He go get a revelation of who you are and explain the seed inside your soul. That's not what John said. He said baptism of fire. What is water baptism? Take you and put your full body down in water. Amen. What is fire baptism? Take you and put your whole in your spirit. When you come out, you're drenched. You're staggering like drunk men. Oh, glory to God. your whole being drenched with the spirit. You're drunk. Drunk with the spirit. You could get drunk. These people are not drunk as you suppose. But this is that new land. This is that Holy Ghost land. This is that Canaan land. Do you want [Applause] it? Or do you want to hold on to your dreams or your own interpretation or the Lord show you? The Lord tell you and the Lord tell you. Lord tell you nothing. Hallelujah. You tell yourself you had a dream. You talk to your own self. Something in your own mind. Lord tell you that the Lord spoke to me. Spoke to you. I told you what tell you. The Lord tell me don't tell you. That is how I know the devil. Because I am the watchman and I'm to protect you from evil spirits talking to your head. So when you tell me God tell you, I'll say what God tell you. He said I can't tell you because the Lord tell me don't tell you. I know the devil talking to you. The devil taking you a private escort into his his thing. Long time when you have your dream, you just say you have a dream. You know that's something called human thumb. That's right. That's right. A breastplate. You have to come and speak it. Hallelujah. The high priest to the high priest. Let us speak the dream in front of that. And if it light up is God. If it don't light up, go and dream again. Amen. Take a reboot on that dream cuz God ain't talk to you. That is how they knew it in the Old Testament. Every time somebody have a dream, I get a dream from the Lord. Bring it forth. Priest come with a breastplate. Speak. Some people used to just do so when they see that. So I going back here. Some people had the confidence to turn right back. They don't even bother to just speak the dream because that they know not no fire coming on that. But when God is in that dream and you speak it's at a glow. They know it's God. That's what God put there. So don't tell me you have something and you can't speak it. Bring it to the human thumb. We have it right here. [Applause] In one of those brothers age I don't know is Martin or one of them guys that fell used to get a gong a robe used to pee on him like a supernatural robe and used to get people excited and somebody said something wrong with that I don't understand how that feel like in that robe I explain that but I I get that they went to Martin one of the messenger the agent say Martin we go bring Martin for him man when you see Martin that rope disappear when the messenger of the age come they can't come with no funny cuckoo business and thing you know go them fellas come with the light of God you know Satan does impersonate Satan is how all kind of gimmicks all kind of thing like that it's got to be the word hallelujah years ago a brother came I didn't know him he heard about me and he come on the job and talking about first principle and second principle and prophesying so he's talking to the next brother and my and he's back west to me. So I came up to him and he turned to me. He said, "Don't doubt now." Are you talking about something? Hallelujah. Talking stuff and don't doubt now. See like you're doubting and talking like that like he's a prophet and I'm standing there and the Holy Spirit spoke to my heart. Tell me he have that old Pentecostal prophet spirit upon him. Don't believe receiving nothing. When he finished talking like that, you know, I listen to him. The other brother was trembling who you talking to and he tell me all what he say and all he said. I said I said he could float in the air. I reject that totally. No man can come and tell me thus say the Lord. You speaking thus say the Lord J. And God had talked to that guy at all. Now he's a politician. He going up for election and if you meet him he say he's going to win. He solo he's independent and he if you meet him he's so excited. He said she's good. Of course, he's going to be next prime minister. Totally insane. And he was once in the prophetic realm. Now, what if I believe that foolishness? That's what I'm saying. You have to be on the word and try the spirits. Somebody said, "Lord, send me to you." Try that and call the pastor. Call the pastor. Don't be afraid to call the pastor. Be there for you. Amen. Oh yes. Oh yes. He a watchman in the house. Yes. He's a watchman in the tower. God put him there to see things that you can't see. Amen. To hear things you can't hear. Yes. To discern things you can't discern. Sometimes your figure is God. It's not God. It's a spirit. It have religious spirits. In personal Christianity religious spirits. My God. It come like like when a church small a church small small church somebody say I want to sing a special yeah I see it already and man spinning the the um the books I have a special I have a special and it's been the song book and after a while they the um the I see a a song and they excuse the voice um and they start to sing not that good for 20 people and 15 people. We could tolerate that. But as we grow, we need people who could sing. Amen. If you can't sing, don't try. You do have the gift. Not everybody could. Not everybody could sing, you know. No, not everybody could play music. I know somebody tried to play bass and if they finger swell and they still up to now can't play the bass. But I'm saying you have to have a gift. It's a gift to play piano. It's a gift to play guitar. It's a gift to sing. If you don't have it, bless those who have it and see your gift. Your gift may be to bake bread or to write poems. You don't know. But some other gift than those. We want the people with the gifts that could do what God called them to do and do it well. Oh, hallelujah. What is that? That's going to be Ephesians church. Not small church. Not country church. No, a bride church. That bride coming in preview again. Could we take a little more? Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. So by one spirit we are baptized into one body. Isn't that right? So election looks back to fornowledge and predestination look back to destiny. So when you're elected, you recognize you were fornown of God. But when you know you are predestinated, you have a destiny. Then what are we pressing onto? Then what are we going on to? We are here already. We know we have been elected. We know we have been found of God. But what are we predestinated onto? We are predestined unto adoption. We are predestined unto another Ephesians. We are going to have it. Oh, Peter going to feel proud. Oh, I feel good to say that. Peter and Paul going to feel proud of this last day. Church, we cannot fail. We got to produce another Ephesians. Paul saying those people going to be just like us. Peter, here they come. Oh, hallelujah. They going to have a revival in Trinidad. They're going to have a revival around the world. Here they come. That first bride and the last bride is the same bride. Here they come. The first church and the last church is the same church. Here they come. A spoken word with pride. What happened in Joshua? Oh my God. Joshua was winning the battle and he wanted to take a rest day. Isn't that right? And he know if he don't cut them off now, they're going to come out to fight him and he won't get that break. So what Joshua did? He said, "Son, stand still. Moon hang over Agelon." and he licked them up because he wanted some more time to deal with those Philistines. God help us. God help us. We say son stand still. Moon hang over there. We going to deal with those Philistines. Got to deal with them starting today. That's Ephesians. That's Ephesians spoken word speaking the word. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh glory to God. Hallelujah. How the church go to labor pain. What about God labor pain. Hallelujah. God labor pain. Here we go. When God are you ready in his labor pain was bringing forth you. Amen. Amen. Oh, we this is good today. And it's a teaching message, but this is this is good today. I believe everybody understanding this. I just talked to you about the church going through labor pains. What you didn't know is that God, went through labor pain to bring forth you. [Applause] You see Jesus died on the cross and was finished. But God slay the lamb in his mind before the foundation of the world and before you came forth God was in travail. Oh hallelujah. That means you got to come forth. The devil is a liar. [Applause] He's messing with your mind. Let's read it. God in his labor pain, Yes, sir. was bringing forth you. Hallelujah. Knowing what you would do. Yes, sir. He positionally placed you into his own body. To be a housewife, to be a farmer, to be a preacher, to be a prophet, to be this, to be that. He placed you positionally. Amen. Amen. Businesses just burn down and build back up sometime. Build back up more powerful. And you want to tell me God can restore a son back into position better than he was before. It have preachers backslide. It have believers backslide. It have other people backslide. Praise God. And if a son step forward and God restore him, bless him, give him a gift of ministry, he can minister and preach the gospel. Jealous people have to find out he should not preach, this one shouldn't preach, that one. Who's supposed to preach? Who's supposed to be called? Hal is not man calling man. It's God calling man. Baram preach a whole message called God called man. He preached for a purpose to prove in this last day the men that God have called no man hand could be upon those men. No man going to be upon those men. That's why this church is different because we are subject to minister association, people association, believers association, message association, no association whatsoever. Oh, glory to God. We just in the word. This is a sovereign church. We do what we want to do, how we want to do it, when we want to do it. Led by the spirit to do it. Glory. Don't even think about comparing us. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. We are pressing on opposition of dynamics to the mechanics. You can't bypass the upper room. Jesus said, "Behold, I send the promise of my father upon you, but tar in the city of Jerusalem." You can't remove Tar. You feel how tonging. So you move T and you tell the people, "Hey, up upper room, let me move because you see a revelation come forth. The word is inside of you. Jesus open your understanding to the scriptures. Jesus open your mind to the word. You are fine." Fine. Let Peter walk out under that anointing. When I say look him in there, Peter run for his life because there is no power inside of there. There's only fine because a man say you're fine. You're good because you and me Goliath. Yes. See no giant or no bees run you down. Nothing run you down. All you have is your own problem that you half of them you create for your own self and you're all in trial and tested. Half of them is your attitude, is your mouth, is your talk, is your ways, is your behavior bounce back and hit you, flashing inside your face. And that given you your own personal pressure. Amen. That is not wilderness yet. That's not Goliath yet. Oh, Peter run for his life. Apostle Peter, mouth champion Peter, the Lord, I bid you, bid me to come walking on the water. Peter, when the action drama start, Peter run for his life. And well, I don't know him. Deny him three times when drama really start. You see, drama wasn't starting all the time. Peter was Apostle Peter as it was without the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. The man don't even know what spirit he's of. Bunch of them on the Matthew 10 anointing preaching the gospel. Oh, hallelujah. They have no real revelation anchor down inside of them yet because trouble was coming. Calvary was coming. Jordan was coming. Gethsemane was coming. And those guys were not prepared for that. But Jesus was prepared for that because his road was set before him. Come on, preach back with me. Let's get into second gear. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. But watch this. The vision showed Peter converted. Oh my. The vision after you are converted. The devil want to sift you as wheat. But I see a vision. I see you delivered. I see you free. I see you anointed. I see you filled. I see the bride coming in preview again. So Jesus let Peter have it. He know give them the truth. Hallelujah. So now we hold back on people because they want to make them feel bad. We hold back on disasters. We hold back on truth. But truth is what going to set people free. Jesus didn't hold back and say boy. Peter. Okay boy. All right. Peter. Okay. Keep on pressing on. He say you deny me. Yes. Me? No. Me? No. Yes. Three times. Yes. Not just once, you know. Yes. He tell how much times too. But I see something about you. Hallelujah. Peter, I want to give you the whole scroll. You'll deny me, but you'll be converted. Hallelujah. You'll deny me, but you have a work to do. You deny me, but you have to strengthen the brethren. [Applause] What? What if Peter was one of a depression, poor me, sad, sack type of person that all he hearing is deny me, deny me, deny me, deny me. Oh God, deny me. Peter miss service for three services because he's still studying. deny me, I'll deny him because the master's word doesn't always come to pass. What happened, Peter? You didn't hear you'll be converted. What do you want to hear? Yes. What truth do you want to hear about your life? How miserable you are, how dumb you are, how sinful you are, what you want to hear about your own life, you know that yourself. But you have to be caught up in the vision. Something bigger than yourself. [Applause] If you have a vision of somebody, give $10. They're not a vision. You could ask me and I'll give you $10. Hallelujah. That is not a vision. A vision is always Hallelujah. Bigger than you. Amen. You You heard that? A vision is always bigger than you. Bigger than where you are. That's why God tell Ezekiel, "Come down. Come now, come now to the valley full of dry bones and say, "Can these bones live?" Prophesy. Against all odds, it's just bones. Hallelujah. But prophesy. Praise God. And I prophesy. Amen. And bone come to bone. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I prophesy. And flesh and bone and flesh and everything else. A vision. Speak. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. When Colonel Sanders got his chicken recipe and those days America was home cooking loving people and he come with his fries and fried chicken. They told him nobody ain't leaving the home cooking to eat your fried thing. He was turned down. He was rejected and everything else. Colonel Sanders is dead and they're frying chicken like crazy all around the world because the colonel had a vision that was bigger than what they had and he stuck with it. Amen. And they still have the colonel he dead and gone. But you still see me picture the colonel with the man with the white beard. Jesus had a vision. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. But the bride saw a vision of the bride coming into view again. Brother Brandham is dead, but not division. Division is for an appointed time. [Applause] I believe division is now. I believe we are breaking. All right, sit down a minute. Sit down a minute. Oh, glory to God. We are in the word. The spirit is in the camp. Amen. One time Barab had a vision. But time being healed. You know the story. And the old woman sitting on a chair wiping her glasses resting down. He came to the house. The woman wasn't there. He said bring the baby. He prayed for the baby. The baby got worse because he said he went ahead of the vision. Yes. Yes. Yes. And when there's a vision, you have to wait for it to unfold. So you have to wait all night long waiting because he said the vision show this old lady when morning come. Granny coming with her glasses. Granny coming to the house. Amen. He can't tell her put the glasses there. Amen. That's not how it works. She got to do all of that. So when he comes in, he know the vision is nearer, the healing is nearer, deliverance is nearer, revival is nearer, Holy Ghost is nearer, breakthrough is [Applause] nearer. Your appointed time is nearer because the vision has been unfolded. Granny begin to talk. Hallelujah. And then because she come from the cold, hallelujah, into the house at warm, her glasses fogged up. Oh, hallelujah. You not hearing what I'm saying? Her glasses fogged up. So granny have to get the cloth and wipe the glass. And she wipe the glasses. Granny rest on the glasses. When she rest on, he said, "Bring the baby for me. Bring that child for me." My God, that devil, that sickness, that disease, that condition could not remain. [Applause] Baby was healed. Baby was healed. We can't go ahead of the vision. We bring a stumbling. Things will go wrong. You may be seated if we go ahead of the vision. But once you begin to see the bride coming in viewer, I'm showing you a picture of the word, not Galatians, not Hebrews, not Corinthians, but another Ephesians going to be unfolded in front your eyes. There's going to be a super church, that's in Ephesians. Seventh revival, that's in Ephesians. A five-fold ministry, that's in Ephesians. Perfection, it's in Ephesians. One mind, one accord, that's in Ephesians. One Lord, one faith, one baptism, that's in Ephesians. Press husbands press in Ephesians. Wives press into Ephesians. That is your land. That is your land. Hallelujah. Let your husband say she really loved me. Yes, Lord. Let your wife say she he really loves me. Hallelujah. He cares. Hallelujah. God cares. We were sinners and he loves so much he came down to get us. Hear love and vex and love and angry. He love much care to go beyond the sin to begin our faults to go and see our condition and say you know what I come to pick you up this morning. I come to raise you above what you have been in. All these years you have been sloppy. All these you have been lazy and slutful. But I come to let you know you don't belong there. Corinthian church is not your church. Galatian church is not your church. Amen. Hebrew church is not your church. You belong to Ephesians. And by one spirit you are baptized into that body because you don't join Ephesians. You are baptized by Holy Ghost into another Ephesians. That's how you cross Jordan. You can't join Ephesians. If he's not a group, if he's not a church name, Ephesians is one baptism. Amen. Even as there's one faith, even as there is one Lord, that is Ephesians. Do you want to belong to it? Do you want to be part of it? Because all that build on the earth shall bush the beast whose names are not written in lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. Don't put your job before God. I know how nice your pay is. Don't put your job before God. Put God first. Oh, glory to God. Let him be your strength. Let him be your joy. Let him be your peace. Let him be your comforter. Let him be your lawyer. Let him be your [Applause] everything. Amen. Oh, thank you, Father. Hallelujah. So listen to this. Hallelujah. All the peoples, there will be millions times millions that will walk religion and be deceived. The only ones that will not be deceived. Are you ready? Are those who have come into the promised land who before the foundation of the world had their names put on land book of life and come over into the promised land and enjoying it. If you're not enjoying it, something is wrong. Hallelujah. You have to be enjoying it. Hallelujah. You have to be what? Enjoying it. But say if you're hungry and somebody give you money, you will be happy because that money is fate. That money is the purchasing power to get the bread. You don't reach the bakery yet, but you're happy because you have the purchasing power. You could shout a little bit. You could dance a little bit. All the time you had no money, but now you have the purchasing power. All you need is to find the bakery. The vision is to get to the bakery. Bakery means bread. Bakery means a pie or something like that. Get to the bakery. I'm going to get what I want because I've got the money. And that's when faith is revealed to you. That's when the mystery come down from God as the word of God and give you a revelation and bring the plainness of God. Then you could shout. Then I know when you start to shout, when you start to rejoice, when the joy of God is upon your life, I could know that you have revelation because revelation is not water. Revelation is wine. Notice those children with water. People just clap a little things like that. They shake their head like that because they understanding what the preacher is saying. But when you see revelations start to break, that is wine. Wine brings stimulation. Wine make you act unsemly. When everybody sitting, you are standing because wine is upon your life. When everybody hands down, your hands up because wine is doing something for you. Jesus turned water into wine. It doesn't have to say water only. We could turn it into wine today. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Oh, let me see if I could wrap up here. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. What says, "Not for a show, but that they might see the emphasis is here that this is the thing that bridges between denomination and glory land." Oh hallelujah. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. Almost finished here. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. So listen to this. Hear what we have promised. Brother Brandham said angelic beings is ordained ministers of God to come to the earth to bear record of God and they work through mortal beings just as they did through Daniel. And God gift here we go is the spirit of God in the form of an angel. Yes sir. Hallelujah. And he is here tonight to minister to you people. I'm only his mouthpiece and everyone assure of that and worship God and give him praise and be humble. Hallelujah. God gift is the spirit of God that come down in the form of an angel. So we are promised for the Ephesians. It's not man's ministry. It will be the ministry of Jesus Christ in the form of apostles, pastors, teachers, evangelists. God positionally placing men into that position where Christ could be manifested. Hallelujah. It's not the man. It's going to be Christ manifested in the man. So we are looking for God to place his spirit in the form of an angel. That's a promise of a gift of the ministry to the ministry by the ministry. Isn't that right? So this is what it's all about. Now watch adoption. I'm going to close up please. Adoption. Is that right, brother? Say waiting. God, are you ready? Trying to place his church in position to manifest himself. Getting one that he can work through and say, "There is my spirit flowing freely." It is amazing that ministers don't quote this. It's amazing that they're trying to bring to the people the more mysteries, knowledge, information, the more they are messengers of God. But all the revelation is to bring us into behavior that God could put us in a position that God can say, "There is my spirit flowing freely." Because what's your promise? The Holy Spirit. Amen. What's the promised land? The Holy Spirit. So ultimately when all adds up, it's to get the spirit inside of you. What's the work of the ministry? To pour the virtues into the people. The minister cannot pour what he don't have. Hallelujah. What's Ephesians? While Peter had spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell upon them that heard the word. The watering spirit was upon Peter. So when he spoke, the water was right there to water the seed that he was preaching. Are you with me? The mechanics and dynamics was together. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. Are you with me? Peter wasn't just preaching the word. The water was there. So while Peter spoke the word, the spirit grabbed it and they were filled with the Holy Ghost. May God fill you with the Holy Ghost. God bless you. The Ephesians bride is coming into view. May the Lord bless you. Oh, give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Give him praise today. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Turn around, greet your brother. Turn around and greet someone next to him. [Music] Hallelujah. Well, I'm on my way to gain. Oh, I'm on my way to Canaan land. Oh, I'm on my way. Oh, to Canaan land. Well, I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my way. Oh, today I'm on my way. Oh, to Canaan land. Oh, I'm on my way. Oh, to Canaan land. Oh, I'm on my way. Oh, chicken alive. Oh, I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my way. If you won't go, if you won't go. Oh, don't hinder me. Oh, if you won't go, don't hinder me. Oh, if you won't go. Oh, don't don't hinder me. Oh, but I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my Well, I'm on my way. I'm on my way. Oh, to get a life. Oh, well, I'm on my way. Oh, to land. Oh, well, I'm on my way to now. I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my Well, and if you won't go, if you won't go. Oh, don't me. Oh, if you won't go, don't me. Oh, and you won't go. Oh, then don't me. Oh, I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my way. Well, now it's manifesting time. Oh, and the fruit is on the vine and a lovely one. Oh, he's coming into view. Well, look, he chosen bright. Oh, redemption ro. Oh, and the lovely one is coming. It's manifesting times today. It's manifesting. I know the fruit and the lovely one is coming into view. Well, look up chosen by Oh, redemption ro. Oh, and the lovely one is coming. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise right now. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, look up. Well, look up. Be chosen by Oh, redemption. Well, I'm the lovely one is coming just for you. Well, I know my Lord is going to lead me out. Oh, I know my Lord is going to lead me out. Oh, so I'm going to pray. to the best I can. Oh, cuz I know my Lord is going to lead me out of this pilgrim. Oh, one more time. Well, I know my Lord. Oh, he's going to lead me out. Oh, I know my Lord is going to lead me out. I'm going to pray. I'm going to pray. Oh, and do the best I can. Oh, I know my Lord. Leave me out of this very land. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, how many appreciate the word today? Oh, hallelujah. The Ephesians fire is coming into view. All the way. Going all the way. One more song before we close. All the way. How many want to go all the way this morning? Going all. Sing this song like a decree this morning. Sing all the way. I'm going on the way. Don't you know I'm going all the way with the Lord? Oh, say all the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, all the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, don't you know I'm going all the way with the Lord. Oh, I made my decision. Yes, I made. Oh, glory. And I'm going. Yes, I may. my choice. Oh, and I'm going on. I've drawn the line. Oh, I've drawn the line. Oh, and I'm going on the way. Oh, don't you know I'm going on the way with the Lord? Oh, just give the Lord some worship this morning as the music, please. Hallelujah. Oh, just lift your hands up right now. Oh, hallelujah. And tell the Lord this morning that you want to go all the way. Lord, we want to go all the way with you today. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Where he leads [Music] me, I will follow. Where he leads me. We just soak in his presence this morning. I will [Music] follow where he leads [Music] me will follow. Oh yes, I'll go with him. With him. all the [Laughter] way. And I'll go with him through the judgment. The judgment. I'll go with him through the judgment. I'll go with him through the judgement. Oh yes, I'll go with you. with him. Oh, the way. One more time. Where he leads me, I'll follow. Where he leads me. How many want to be led of God today? I will follow where he leads me. I will fall where he leads me. Where he leads me. Hallelujah. Follow. I'll go with him. way all the way. You appreciate the Lord this morning. You appreciate the service this morning. What can we say? Friends, can we bow our heads for a word of prayer? Heavenly Father, so much was said today. Lord, we could only be so grateful and so thankful for your love and your mercy towards us. Oh God, we thank you Lord for Lord that vision, that prophetic vision that is just as real as when it was spoken. And Lord, I pray Lord as your people prepare to leave this place, Lord, but not from your presence that you would be with each one, Lord. And oh God, that you would bless our going out, Lord, and you bless us this week, Lord. And oh God, as we listen back to this service and we pray and meditate this week, Lord, may we be drawn so much closer to you, Father. Lord, Lord, we pray a special blessing upon Lord Brother O today, Lord, for Lord, the labor of love, Father. Oh God, may you touch him from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet, Lord. And oh God, may you be with him in such a special way. May you be with each brother, every sister, Lord, those who were connected on the internet and those who would hear the tape, Lord. Lord, may you be with each one in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, "Amen." You may be seated just for a few announcements before we leave. Uh this week we are back to all of our regular midweek services. So we will have service in Martin at 7:30 and I have two services on Thursday here at the church and in Canopia at 7:30 as well. So we encourage you make an extra effort to attend uh the midweek services. Service continues this coming Sunday. Uh please remember that the following Sunday which is September the 6th will be double service morning and evening with the Lord's supper being the evening of the 6th. And there'll be a meeting of the choir, a short meeting of the choir right after service. So service continues on Wednesday 7:30 Martin, Thursday at 7:30 here at the church and in Kupia as well. Service continues on Sunday. The following Sunday on the 6, we'll have two services and there'll be a short choir meeting after service. So may the Lord richly bless you. We recommend choir just stay quickly. is going to be very brief and um usher deacons same song where he leads me I will follow where he leads me. I'll go with you. I'll go with you. where he leads me. Oh, I will follow where he leads me. I will [Music] fall where he leads me. I will follow. Oh Lord, I'll go with within [Music] all the [Music] way and I'll go within through [Music] the garden. Oh, [Music] I through the [Music] garden. I'll go with you through the garden. [Music] Oh my. Yes, [Music] I worth it. [Music]
