################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-10-30 - Come Up Hither - Bro. Isaac Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle - Isaac Ovid - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-10-30
Title:   Come Up Hither - Bro. Isaac Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle
Speaker: Isaac Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rw6_iYMD3EA
========================================

And let it rain. Oh, let it rain. Oh, singing open the fl. Oh, let it rain. Oh, I want you to open the flood. Oh, just worship him this morning. Oh, you just praise him this morning. Oh, by the heat of the flag. Oh. Let it rain. One more time. Oh my god. One more time. Open. Give the Lord a shout of praise this morning. Open the flag gates. Open the floodgates. Oh, let it rain. this morning. Give a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, your spirit. Oh, pour out your spirit. Pour out your spirit. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Send forth your power. Send forth your anointing. Your angel is here this morning. Oh, we feel his presence this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let it rain. We'll give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, it's good to praise him this morning. Oh, it's good to worship him this morning. Father, we come to worship you this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. We have drawn near unto you this morning. Open the floodgates this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Amen. How happy are we to be called the sons of God this morning. Amen. Amen. Let's turn to our Bibles. Certainly want to welcome you all especially this morning. Keep playing softly. Amen. Psalm chapter 66. Amen. Amen. Keep playing that song. Let it rain. Hallelujah. Psalm 66. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Psalm 66. from verse one says, "Make a joyful noise unto God, all he lands. Sing forth the honor of his name. Make his praise glorious. Say unto God, how terrible art thou in thy works. Through the greatness of thy power shall thine enemies submit themselves unto thee. All the earth shall worship thee, and shall sing unto thee. They shall sing unto thy name, sailor. Come and see the works of God. He is terrible in his doing toward the children of men. He turned the sea into dry land. They went through the flood on foot. There did we rejoice in him. He ruleth by his power forever. His eyes behold the nations. Let not the rebellious exalt themselves, sailor. Oh, bless God our God, ye people, and make the voice of his praise to be heard, which holdeth our soul in life, and suffereth not our feet to be moved. For thou, oh God, has proved us. Thou hast tried us as silverish tried. Thou brought us us into the net. Thou laid us affliction upon our loins. Thou has caused men to ride over our heads. We went through fire and water, but thou bringest us out into a wealthy place. I will go into thy house with burned offerings, and I will pay thee my vows, which my lips have uttered, and my mouth had spoken when I was in trouble. I will offer unto thee burned sacrifices of fatlings, with the incense of rams. I will offer bulocks with goats sailor. Come and hear all ye that fear God and I will declare what he hath done for my soul. May God add blessing to the ring of his word. Are you here to offer a sacrifice of praise unto the Lord this morning? Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Let's just enter into the spirit now as we want to pray and call upon the name of the Lord this morning for the service today. Oh hallelujah. Let every head bowed, every eye be closed. And let's just enter into worship now. You just worship in your own way this morning. You just tell the Lord how much you need him this morning. Whatever you're looking for in this service, make it declared right now this this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Looking for a breakthrough. Looking for healing. Looking for deliverance. Looking for salvation. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Looking for a breakthrough in your home. Hallelujah. In your life. Hallelujah. You come and tell all before God this morning as we get ready to enter into worship and enter into another atmosphere this morning of praise and worship. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Glory be to God. Amen. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. That's it. You close your eyes. You just worship him in your own way. Enter into the presence of the Lord. Call upon his name. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heavenly Father, we thank you this morning for your mercy and for your grace, Lord, and has brought us through fire and through water, Lord. Father, Lord, you brought us into a large place, Lord. You have blessed us, Lord, with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Father, we thank you for your love, Lord. We thank you for your power, God. Father, we thank you for your anointing, Lord, a special anointing, Father, that you have placed upon our lives, oh God. Father, that we could be called the sons of God, that we could come into your house with thanksgiving and enter into your courts with praise, Lord, Father, a praise on our lips, Lord, and a song in our hearts, Lord, Father, about how you brought us through, Lord, Father. How you bring us out, oh God, Father, and how your blood is here this morning, Lord, speaking better things on our behalf, Lord. Speaking better things than the blood of Abel, oh God, Father, your blood is speaking for us this morning. Oh, hallelujah. We celebrate your name this morning. We pray, Lord, that your presence would come down in this place when we anoint your people and inspire them. Lift us up, oh God, Father, as we welcome your presence in this house, oh God. Have your way with each one, Lord, Father. Bless each one, Lord. Those that are on their way, Lord, Father, those on the internet, Lord. May anointing just flow through this morning, Lord. And may I have your complete prayer evidence in your house and with your people, dear God, we we pray. Grant this in Jesus name. Amen. And amen and amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Holy Spirit, rain down. Pour rain down. Oh come and friend. Oh how we need your touch above. Oh holy spirit rain. Oh rain, rain, rain down. Oh, let your power fall. Oh, let your voice be heard. Oh, come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit. Holy now. Oh, Holy Spirit. Holy Spirit, rain. Oh, lift your hands and sing rain down. Come on, lift your hands. Close your eyes. Just say rain. Rain down. Oh comforter. Oh comforter. Oh and friend. How we need your touch. How we need your touch again. Oh Holy Spirit rain. Oh hallelujah. Rain down. Oh, rain. Oh, let your power fall. Who your voice? Oh, come and change our heart. As we stand on your word, Holy [Laughter] Spirit now. Oh, now you just worship him this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, let the rain of your love this morning. Let the rain of your power this morning fall fresh on me this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Quench my thirsty soul this morning. How many need is touched this morning? Hallelujah. Just worship him this morning. Oh, lift up your hands right now. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Adore him. Oh, how we adore him this morning. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give him praise. Give him praise. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you. Yes Lord. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord. Hallelujah. Oh glory be to God. Holy Spirit rain down. One more time without the music. Oh, singing. Holy Spirit rain down. Rain down. Rain. Rain down. [Laughter] Ooh, comforter and friend. How we need Well, how we need your touch again. Oh, Holy Spirit rain down. Oh, rain. Oh, let your power. Oh, let your voice be heard. Oh, come and shake our heart. Oh, as we stand on your word. Oh, Holy Spirit. Holy Spirit. Glory now. Oh hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. It feels good in his presence. Yes Lord. Glory be to God. Hallelujah. Oh, we we love you, Lord. We appreciate you, Father. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm here to praise him. Oh, hallelujah. I'm here to glorify his name. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. It is good to give thanks unto the Lord for his mercy and joy forever. Amen. Amen. I want you to talk to your brother, preach your sister this morning. Hallelujah. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify his name. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to glorify the name. Oh, I came to Lord. for the name of the Lord. I came to Lord glorify his name. Well, now I came to Lord the name of the Lord. I came to Lord glorify his name. Oh, I came to Lord glorify the name of the Lord. I came to Lord glorify him where I came to Lord glorify the name of the Lord I came to Lord glorify his name now I came to glorify oh the name of the Lord I came to glorify his name I came to glorify the Lord. Come on, sing with me. Oh, I came to Lordy. Oh, I came to Lord, glorify. Oh, the name of the Lord. I came to the Lord. Glorify. I came to the Lord. I came to the Lord. Glorify. Oh, the name of the Lord. I came too long. Glorify his name. Oh, I came to Lord. Glorify. Oh, the name of the Lord. I came to Lord. Glorify. Oh. Oh. This is the day. Oh, this is the day. Well, let the Lord have me. Oh, and the Lord have I will rejoice. Well, I will rejoice. Oh, and I will rejoice and be glad in it. Oh, and be glad. Oh, this is the Lord. Oh, let me hear. I will. I will. This is the day. This is the day. Oh, this is the day. Oh, this is what This is the day. This is the day this morning. All that the Lord has made. Oh that the Lord has I will I will rejoice. Oh I will rejoice when I be glad. God all the high will rejoice and be glad. This is the day. Oh, this is the day that the Lord has me. Oh, I have decided oh to follow I have decided oh to follow Jesus oh I have decided oh to follow Jesus no turning back oh no turn on tell your brother tell your sister oh I have desire to follow Jesus. Oh, I am decided to follow Jesus. Oh, I have decided oh to follow Jesus turning back. Oh, the cross before the cross before and the world behind me. Oh, the cross. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. Turn it back. Turn it back. I know my Lord is going to leave me. Well, I know. I know my Lord is going to leave. So I'm going to pray. I'm going to pray. Do the best I can. Oh well. I know my Lord is going to lead me out of this. Well, I know my Lord. I know my Lord. Well, it's going to lead me out. I know my pray. Oh, I know. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, I love my Lord. I love my Lord. Oh, cuz I know my Lord will lead me out of this. Whatever reason, I know my Lord I know my Lord is going to lead me out. Well, I know my Lord is going to lead me out. Well, so I'm going to pray. Oh, and do the best I can. Oh, well, I know my Lord is going to lead me out. And oh, one more time all together. I know my Lord. I know my Lord. Well, I know my Lord. I know my Lord's going to lead me out. So, I've got to pray. Oh, I do the best I can. Oh, I know my love going to leave me out of this. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, how many want a revival this morning? Oh, how many want a revival this morning? Oh, you can have it. You can have it. You can have it. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Somebody say amen. Somebody say hallelujah. Somebody give God praise this morning. He woke you up this morning. He put a song in your heart this morning. He put a praise on your lips. He is God Almighty this morning. He deserves all the honor. He deserves all the glory. He deserves all the praise. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. I'm the glory. Oh, somebody praise him this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. The glory for you have us again. Oh, how many feel like that this morning? Oh, how many feel like that this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Send a power. Oh hallelujah. Oh hal. Oh say hallelujah. Send the power. Send the power. Revival. Revival swell hallelujah and the glory and the glory. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh Lord, and the glory will reign. Oh, sing it again. Oh, revival. Revive. Oh, revive us, Lord. Oh, come on, stir it up this morning. Revive. Oh, again. Oh. Oh. Revival glory. [Music] Revive. Oh Lord. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Send the power. We need the power. High and reive. Oh. Oh. One more time. Revival pre. Oh yeah. For revival. For revival. Glory. Oh, give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Revival this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, revivals this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes Lord. Hallelujah. Oh revive us. Oh Lord revive us. Oh reive us. Oh again. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Well, I'm just a nobody trying to tell everybody about somebody. Oh, who can say anybody? Oh, this morning. Well, I'm just a nobody trying to tell everybody. Oh, this morning I know somebody who who can save anybody. Well, now I'm just a nobody. Come on, sing with me. trying to tell everybody. I know somebody. Oh, if you can save. Oh, it sounds so good. One more time. Oh, yeah. I'm just trying to tell everybody. Oh, somebody. Oh, he can save anybody. Oh, he can save. Well, he can sing. Oh, he can sing. Oh, oh, he can sing. Save your soul. Oh, one more time. He can save. Oh, that's right. He can save even now, Lord. He can save your soul. Oh, I'm just a nobody trying to tell trying to tell. about somebody. Oh, who can save? Oh, one more time. Well, I'm just trying [Music] to save anybody. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Why don't you turn your brother? Get your sister one more time. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Go greet somebody. Hallelujah. Encourage somebody this morning. Give me a key. God can do anything. Anything. He's the alpha, the omega. Beginning and the end. Amen. Amen. Anything. Anything. Anything. Well, God can do anything. Oh, for you. God can do it. God can do anything. Will anything. Oh, oh, well, God can do anything. Oh, for you. Oh, well, now God can do well. Anything anything, anything. Oh, God can do anything. Oh, God can do anything. Anything. Anything. Well, God can do anything for you. Well, God can do anything. Oh, anything. Anything. God can do well. Anything for you. Well, he's the alpha. He's the alpha. We'll make you can do anything for you. Well, God can do. My God can do anything. Anything. Well, God can do anything. Oh, one more time. Well, God can do anything. Oh, anything. Oh, he's the alpha, the omega, the beginning, and the end. God can do anything for you. Oh, God can do anything. Anything. anything. God can do anything for you. Oh, sing it now. Fly away. Oh, glory. Fly away. Oh, singing I won't die. I'll be raptured in the sky. Sing it out. Oh, fly away. Is how you feel this morning? We're singing out. Fly away. Oh, glory. Fly away. Oh, I won't die. I'll be raptured in the sky. say that I will fly away. Oh, goodbye world. I stand no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I stand no longer with you. I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. Oh god, for the last time. Goodbye world. Goodbye. Oh, goodbye. Pleasures of sin. I stand no longer with you. I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. Oh, made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. Can the church give the Lord a shout of praise in the presence of the Lord this morning? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Feels good in here this morning. Feels good in here this morning. Tomb devils are on the run. Oh, we are in the spirit of the Lord on the day of the Lord. It's the Lord's day and it is a good day. It's a wonderful day. I was glad when they said unto me, "Let us go into the house of the Lord." Is that how you feel this morning? Hallelujah. Glory. Blessed be the name of the Lord. We do have one note of praise from the Ruskin Cummings. I want to thank everyone for their prayers from last week. I'm feeling much better. Amen. We're so happy to hear that we thank the Lord this morning. So I greet you this morning in the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ. It is certainly a great privilege to be in the house of the Lord. I like to go straight to the word reading from one portion of scripture reading from the book of Revelation chapter 4. Thank you musicians. Thank you brother Anthony for such an anointed song service. You appreciate brother Anthony and the musicians. How many appreciate the service last week? You appreciate our pastor. Amen. Amen. Amen. So Revelation chapter 4 reading from verse 1. After this I looked and behold a door was opened in heaven. And the first voice which I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with me, which said, "Come up hither, and I will show thee things which must be hereafter." And immediately I was in the spirit. And behold, a throne was set in heaven, and one sat on the throne. And he that sat was to look upon like a jasper and a sardine stone. And there was a rainbow round about the throne in sight like unto an emerald. And round about the throne were four and 20 seats. And upon the seats I saw four and 20 elders sitting clothed in wide reignment. And they had on their heads crowns of gold. And out of the throne proceeded lightnings and thunder rings and voices. And there were seven lamps of fire burning before the throne, which are the seven spirits of God. And before the throne there was a sea of glass like unto crystal. And in the midst of the throne, and round about the throne were four beasts full of eyes before and behind. And the first beast was like a lion, and the second beast like a calf. And the third beast had a face as a man, and the fourth beast was like a flying eagle. And the four beasts had each of them six wings about him. And they were full of eyes within and they rest not day and night saying, "Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty, which was and is and is to come." And when those beasts give glory and honor and thanks to him that sat on the throne, which liveth forever and ever, the four and 20 elders fall down before him that sat on the throne, and worship him that liveth forever and ever, and cast their crowns before the throne, saying, Thou art worthy, oh Lord, to receive glory and honor and power, for thou hast created all things, and for thy pleasure they are and were created. Can we bow our heads for a word of prayer? Our gracious heavenly father, we are so humbled this morning to be in your presence. Father, Lord, many of us had, Lord, all kinds of a week this week, Lord, with ups and downs and trials and testings and strains and stresses and Lord, it has not been an easy journey, but we thank you that your grace has brought us here this morning. We didn't come by our own strength. We are not here by our own ability. We are not here because we are stronger than anybody but better than anybody. But it is your grace and your blood that made a way for us, Father. Oh wretched men that we are, Father, that you would call us, Lord, to this marvelous light, Father. Now, may you walk out the pages of the Bible and speak to your people, Lord, in a way they have never heard before. May they hear that voice, that voice that summoned Lazarus. May they hear that voice, that voice that spoke to John. May they hear that voice that spoke to your prophet, Lord. May you speak to each one here this morning. May you use me as your instrument. Take me out of the way. I don't have a message of my own. It is your message. May you come to life to your people this morning. May you, Lord, break the chains of the captives in the house this morning. Lord, there are those that are sick. They are weary. They are tired. Lord, may heal and rain pour out this morning. If there's a backslider here this morning, Father, may you deliver them, Lord, from whatever is binding them. Father, we curse every foul spirit, every unclean spirit, every negative spirit. We come against it by the power of the Holy Ghost in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Uh, and we declare this ground to be a delivery room this morning, a delivery room to deliver your sons and daughters from the clasp of the enemy. House of hell, give way to the name of Jesus. May you anoint the reading of the word. May you anoint the opening of the word to your people. And may we leave this place with a shout. May we leave this place in the spirit. May we leave this place inspired. May we leave this house motivated. May we leave in courage. Uh may we leave on another level. Uh may you lift us up like the eagles fly Lord to where we really belong. We have been living under our privileges for a very long time. Uh but today is a new day. Uh we are in the Lord's day today. Father, may you drop down the shikina glory. May the august presence deity himself. Uh Lord, may he reveal himself to sons and daughters. We commit the service into your hands in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says And the church says amen. You may be seated in the presence of the Lord. Uh, anybody excited to be in the house of the Lord? Uh, anybody excited to be a Christian? Excited to be called in such a time as this? Hallelujah. What's your identification? The hot trials, that's your identification. The pressures, that's your identification. Because God is going to have some diamonds. Uh, he's going to have some pearls. He's going to have some jewels. And all of these things have something in common. It takes a certain amount of pressure to bring out the best in us. So we thank God for the pressure. We thank God when we are forsaken. We thank God when we are desolate. We thank God for when we are empty because nothing could happen that God does not allow. Your trials, God allowed it. Uh because your back is broad enough to handle it. Your trials has your name written on it. Uh don't try to avoid it. It's for your good. It's for your edification. It's for your strengthening. It's to define who you are. It's for you to get the stamp of approval that your character meets the requirement uh that God has for you. So, I'm excited this morning because the trial that you have right now is not worthy to be compared uh with the glory that's going to be revealed in you. So, lift your head up uh square your shoulders back. Walk the way you're supposed to walk because you are sons and daughters of the living God. I didn't ask what you did yesterday. Sons make mistakes. Uh I didn't ask what you did last week. Uh daughters make mistake. Uh your conditions, your past, your mistakes have nothing to do with who you are. You could try to change your name. But in God's mind, you have a name. Uh and there's a new name coming. He's looking at you right now. And he's calling from the east. Uh he's calling from the west. He's calling from the north. And he's calling from the south. And if any man hear my voice, he said, "All that the father had given me must come." There's a voice that's calling this morning. And when that voice begins to speak up, there is no kind of rebuttal. There's no kind of answer. There's no coming. When that voice said, "Lazarus, come forth." Lazarus was tied up and he had to come. He was bound and he had to come. He was wrapped up, but he had to come. So even after Jesus called him, he had to tell him, "Loose him and let him go." He is free, but he doesn't know it. He's on fire, but he doesn't know it. He has been dead, but now he's alive. Uh, and by the end of this service, oh, you don't hear me this morning. By the end of this service, uh, somebody's going to be alive. Uh, not Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let me warn you this morning. I don't know what's going to happen, but God knows what's going to happen. And that's what excites me because he knows the beginning and he knows the ending. He knows what you're going through. And he said all things work together for good. To them that love God to them who have he called according to his purpose. Uh the fact that you are here this morning is evidence that you have been called according to his purpose. So why are you living under your privileges? Why the sad faces? Why the depressed faces? Why the poor me? No, it's not poor me. I am. Can the church say amen? You may be seated. It's good to see you in the house of the Lord. This is where you're supposed to be every Sunday. It's not supposed to be a pressure to come to church. You're supposed to be excited from Monday morning. You're supposed to be excited to come to church the next Sunday. What you could get here, your employer cannot give you. No bonus could give you, the news reporter cannot give you, the psychologist cannot give you, the doctor cannot give you, a movie cannot give you, a book cannot give you, a friend cannot give you. This is eternity. This is eternal. Everything else is temporary. Everything else will come to an end. So, we are here to partake of eternity this morning. We're here to eat mana, hidden mana from under the seventh seal, fresh food this morning so we could continue along the journey. Why? Because he who started the work in you is more than able to bring it to pass. You may be seated. Do you understand? It's not your ability. It's not your strength. It's not your achievement. Brother Brandham said if it's anything to happen, it wouldn't even be your prayer. It'll be the grace of God. No wonder the headstone will come with shouting crying grace. When they wrote me off, there was grace. When they said I couldn't make it, there was grace. When the doctor gave up on me, there was grace. When my neighbors gave up on me, there was grace. It is grace to serve the Lord. Grace in your trial, grace in your testing, grace when you have no money, grace when you're feeling sick, it's still the grace of God. You may be seated. So, I'm under great expectation this morning. And every day, my ex my excitement grows. Amen. Amen. Amen. to realize that we are one day closer to the rapture. Yes, sir. One day closer to the resurrection, one day closer to seeing believers who we don't see anymore because they are waiting on us. They're not dead. They're waiting on us. They are just sleeping. They are waiting with a time when we could reunite again. I'm on the expectation for a visitation to the young people. And it's good to see so many young people here this morning because God promised a visitation. He promised to give you a charge, an anointing, an experience with God that a book cannot give you, a professor cannot give you, a mentor cannot give you. It's an experience on the inside. I'm under expectation for dynamics. I'm under expectation for power because we have had word upon word, line upon line, precept upon precept for years. But what we need is this word to come alive. And brother Brandham said, "One day the right words will be spoken and something is going to happen and somebody somewhere will dash into the presence of almighty God. May this day be your [Applause] day, backsliders being restored. To him that overcome it will I make a pillar in my house, a pillar in my temple." And the Bible said you'll go no more out. So there comes a point in your walk with God where there is no thought of backsliding. There is no thought of going back to the the ability, the desire, the the the the weaknesses that you feel will no longer exist because there's an anchor that holds in spite of the storm. He didn't say the storms would stop coming, but the anchor is going to hold despite of the storm. He didn't say the winds would not get contrary, but the anchor will hold despite the windsh blowing you this way and blowing you that way. And when it looks as if all hope is gone, the anchor is going to hold. Can the church say, "Amen." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, are you happy this morning? So, as excited as I am, God is more excited. Hallelujah. Because he's been looking for this day for a long time. until you like the prodigal son could come to your senses because that's something only you could do you know only you could come to your senses your neighbor the pastor cannot come to his senses for you or your senses for you there's no such thing but you have to come to your senses to realize that there's more in you than you realize to realize there's more for you than against you to realize that you have been predestinated for such a time is this. Can the church say amen? So, I have a title this morning. I was just testing the temperature to see who's here, you know, and people who are absent from the body but not present with the Lord. They're just sitting there. So, I want to make sure everybody is here and on their post of duty with their swords drawn because we are in spiritual warfare. Amen. So my title this morning is taken from the first verse of Revelation 4. My title is come up hither. And my subject the voice of God and my inspiration the voice of deliverance. Can the church say amen? So God is going to have a bride. I just want to lay a foundation before I get to my text. And that bride will be a word bride. Amen. There has never been a bride like this bride. And there will never be one like this bride. And what's about to happen could not have happened before because in the back part of his mind, he saw it all play out. And God could afford to look and sit back and not watch it unfold because brother Brandham said God could tie up the devil anytime. And that's what God has done. He has really tied up the devil because the devil can only see at a certain level. But God is watching your victory and he's smiling because it looks like you're not going to make it. And you know who? Who? He who have the last laugh the best. God is looking smiling saying he he's already made it. He's already overcome. Because that's what fornowledge does. He knows the end before the beginning. That's why he wrote your name in blood. And there's no eraser. There's no liquid paper. There's no backspace button. There's no delete button. There's no mistake and the file gone missing. Your name has been written in blood. Can the church say amen? So the Holy Spirit today, the manifestation of the Holy Spirit is that angel trying to get the people back to the word. Amen. Because the Holy Spirit will only vindicate a word. And that's why I challenge you in your daily walk to apply the token. But the Brandham said is to apply every word. Don't just hear the message or say I believe the message, but apply every word to your life. Apply it to your house. When it looks as if nothing is changing, apply it anyway because that's your responsibility. You got to say, "I'm going to be filled. my son is going to be restored. That's applying the token to your life because full obedience to every word of God will entitle you to the token. Can the church say amen? And that word will defeat the enemy any place, any time, under any condition. Can the church say amen? So wonderful. So we read the scripture about John having an experience with God. And John is very interesting because the more I find myself in the scripture, I find it's it's so powerful what is said and what is not said. And when you really go deeper, when you look at David and you look at Caleb and you look at through the Old and the New Testament, the experiences that these men of God had gone through. And this book of Revelation, I believe, was written over a period of about 3 years. And John found himself on the aisle of Patmos. Found himself in exile because they didn't know what to do with him. Amen. They tried boiling him in oil and they couldn't kill him. They tried throwing him out and doing this to him. But the Brandham said they call him a witch, but that didn't stop him. And after about 62 years after the crucifixion, he is banished to the aisle of Patmos with with criminals because it's a exile island where where the worst of the criminals find themselves. He was not like the others. He wasn't there for robbery. He wasn't there for killing somebody. He wasn't there. But the Bible said he was there for the word of God and the testimony of Jesus Christ. What a reason to be in prison. What a reason to be in exile. The Bible didn't tell us if there were other brothers to encourage him. If he had a prayer group, but what we know, he was there by himself and and he's struggling because it's not easy. He wasn't on a couch or a hammock, but in that exile state, he would have been working. It would have been a hard experience. It would have been a tough experience. It would have been a rugged place. I don't know if he had a day off or not, but the Bible said it was the Lord's day. And he was in the spirit of the Lord's day. His prison didn't stop him from being in the spirit. His prison didn't stop him from worshiping. His prison didn't stop him for recognizing that it was the Lord's day. He might have had a hard day before, but that didn't change the fact that he was in the Lord's day. Can the church say amen? Blessed be the name of Is everybody with me this morning. So your situation, your circumstance, your problem, your trial is no excuse. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And while he was there, the Bible said he heard a voice say, "Come up hither." And when John heard that voice, the Bible says immediately, hallelujah, he was in the spirit. I want to drop off something to you this morning. It's one thing when you're in the spirit because you pray it up and you're in the spirit because you're in the word. But when you hear that voice speak to you directly, immediately you get in the spirit, you can't put it on. It's it's not a show. It has nothing to do with anybody else. But there's power in that voice. And if that voice he said it was the first voice, it was the same voice he heard in in Revelation 1. It was the same voice. And that voice said, "Come up, Heather. John, I know you have the Holy Ghost, John. I know you are chosen, John. I know you're anointed, but I got something more to show you. I got something higher to show you. So come up hither. Come above your situation. Come above your problem. Don't exist down there, the aisle of Patmos. I don't want to talk to you when you're down there in your dumps. You come up here. Come up hither. Raise up. Get shake yourself up. Come up hither. I got something I want to show you. I can't show you when you're in your pity party. I can't show you when you're focused on your family. I can't show you when you're focused on the job. So, come up hither. Can the church say amen? Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. There's John by himself. John has nobody with him. He is there in isolation. He is forsaken. He is alone. He is in exile. There's nobody say, "Come on, John. You can make it." John is there by himself, but he doesn't forget who he is. He is there by himself and he doesn't forget where he comes from. John is there by himself. And while he's there working, I'm sure he could remember hearing Jesus in Matthew 16 saying, "Who do men say that I am?" John is there, but he's connected to who he is because nothing could shake him. Brother Brandham said God had to allow John to reach into that condition for us to have a book of revelation. So if God will let John go through that hard trial for us to have a book of revelation so we could know what's about to happen. What do you think God will do for you and your family? What will God pass you through? You don't hear me this morning. If you may be seated. And John, if you could dare say, you know, the Bible said, "Esau, Jacob, I love, Esau, I hate it." God is sovereign. He could do whatever he wants. But out of all the disciples, we hear a lot about Peter and Peter's faith. But John was the one they said Jesus loved. Amen. In fact, his love for John was so much that the disciple asked, "What will happen to this one called John?" And Jesus said to them, "What is it to thee if he tries until I come?" And those brothers say, "But wait, it look like John will never die." Jesus loved John so much. Just this John this and this same John God allowed him to be exiled, persecuted, bear the reproach of isolation, nobody to preach to, nobody to preach to him. He's in solitude. But many times God has to strip everything away from us to get our attention. And while John is there on the Lord's day, a voice says to his, "Come up here. I got to show you something that's about to take place." Can the church say amen? So, I want to encourage you something. No matter where you are right now, there's a higher place for you. No matter your position, how long you've been in a message, how long you've been a Christian, there's higher for you this morning. There's more power, there's more grace, there's more anointing, there's more filling, there's wave after wave after wave. So, I encourage you this morning to come up hither. John was being brought to a place he'd never been before. And in that place, he saw myriads of redeemed people. He was caught up. Uh he saw the throne room. Uh and he saw somebody on the throne. And he recognized that king on the throne. Can the church say amen? And brother Brandham, he typed it out in the book Revelation chapter 4, chapter 1, and chapter 2. And he speaks about after this, I looked and behold a door was open in heaven. And the first voice which I heard was as it were of a trumpet. He said that trumpet is the voice of God. It's a it's a voice of war saying come up hither. I will show thee things which must be hereafter. There was no secret God was given back from John. And the Bible said immediately I was in the spirit. And behold a throne was set in heaven and one sat on the throne. And brother Brandham said that everything was tied up in that room. that that throne room, he said it was lightning and thunders and flashings. He said it was not a throne of mercy. It was a throne of judgment. He said because at that point in time, it was after the church ages. But he said right now that throne has blood over it. So because of the blood on the throne, that throne is now a mercy seat that if you want mercy, you could go to the throne. But at that time because John represented a bride and John being called to come up hither was a type of the rapture. But before the rapture could take place there's blood. There's blood on the throne. There's mercy on the throne. Come all ye who are heavy laden and I will give you rest. There's mercy for you. There's mercy for your family. Can the church say amen? You may be seated. Praise. Amen. On the throne. The Bible speaks about Jasper and Sardine. Speak about the throne and speak about the stone that speak about the types. And brother Brandham said you can run it through the scripture a few weeks ago when we were speaking about Caleb. We talked about how whenever those Hebrew mothers would give birth and say Ephrame and they would say their name, they were positionally placing that child in the promised land. Do you remember that? Amen. When Manasseh and and Judah and Simeon when the name was called, they were being cried out in birth pain. But not only were they being placed, but brother Brennham said that their birth also came with a stone. And that stone was going to represent every tribe. So the high priest when he had the urim, there were 12 stones which represented the 12 tribes. So whenever you have a prophecy or a dream, you bring it before the high priest and when you stood before the high priest and you prophesied or you told whatever experience you had, if it was of God, a supernatural light would flash over the urine from him and if all 12 stones lit up, then they knew it was of God. That was God's way of showing them that is of God. Can the church say amen? And brother Param said when John stood in the throne room and he's looking at this whole display of stuff that's about to happen, God was tying the Old Testament and the New Testament to beginning and the end. And he said Jasper and Sadine represented the stones from the old patriarchs from the firstborn to the last born. God was showing John that he is the alpha and he is the omega. He is the beginning. He is the ending. And John is standing there seeing emerald, seeing amber, seeing God's deity, seeing the 24, the four beasts and the 24 elders and seeing what's about to happen. [Applause] You may be seated. And brother Brandon been preaching these two messages. He said these messages are to stabilize you. It's not just to come to church and say I'm happy, I'm joyful. know it to stabilize you for you to understand that you are part of a royal priesthood that you are royal seeds of Abraham and if you are child of the king you have to walk like one you have to talk like one you have to be in the spirit you have to walk in the [Applause] spirit so I pray this morning the same voice that John heard that said come up hither that same voice will speak to your heart this morning it's the same voice that Lazarus heard It's the same voice that when the boat was rocking and Jesus was asleep and they thought they were going to die and they don't know what to do, they said, "Let's wake Jesus." The winds are contrary. All hell is against me. When they woke, Jesus, Jesus looked at them. What you worried about? Peace. Be still. And he turned back and went back to sleep. He didn't even wonder how it were going to work out because when he spoke, something has to happen. And the disciples asked themselves a question. What manner of man is this? We have never seen man like this before. No book has it. No encyclopedia has it. What manner of man is this that even the winds and the seas obey him? But it was that voice. It was that same voice that said, "Let there be light." That same voice is the voice that called John. That's the voice that called you because you couldn't be here this morning if the father didn't call you. He called your name and you answered. Can the church say amen? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. So you couldn't even be here this morning unless God called you. You couldn't be here this morning unless you heard your name because there are many people who want this. There are people who want to be free but they cannot be free because they are not predestinated to be free. There are people in denomination in churches having a form of godliness. They want to be in church. They are religious people but they are not predestinated. Their names have not been called uh but not you. Your names have been called out. Brother Brandham's message, a shout message, was to call names. His message was a message of name calling. And whenever you hear your name, uh, there's got to be something on the inside that has to respond. You may be seated. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated. Have you ever been walking down the street and somebody call a name, but it sounds like your name? Maybe you don't know who they are, but but maybe Anthony, you're walking down the street and hear somebody say Tony and you look around and and you're wondering if it's you, but there's another person that they're calling. But it's something inside of you. You have to respond because since you know yourself, you have responded to that name. Well, that's what's going on this morning. Whenever we hear adoption, whenever you hear perfectionist, whenever you hear the Holy Ghost, but that's that's the only name. And overcomer, you turn around. You got to be talking about me more than a conqueror. Who's calling my name? Who's calling my name this morning? Son of the king. That's high priest. Can the church say amen? Am I talking to anybody this morning? Do you recognize who you are? That's why the problem said the moment the bride recognizes who she is, it'll be a national showdown. The devil is finished. Every word, every promise, every promise in the book is mine. You may be seated. So I want to challenge you. It's so powerful because the Bible said life and death is in the power of the tongue. I don't want you answer to high blood pressure no more. Don't answer to diabetes no more. Don't answer to fei. That's not your name. Don't answer to being tired. I am depressed. You do. You can't say that. That's not your name. I'm backslitten. That's not your name. Who are you? Who are you this morning? You are not Jacob. You are Israel. That's who you are. Maybe you didn't know it, but it's time we recognize who we [Applause] are. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. I'm an overcomer. I am more than a conqueror. I am victorious. Uh I am healed. Uh my son is delivered. Speak it present tense. We have gone past will be. We are speaking it as it was. Lazarus come forth. It's not a question. It's not a request. It's a command because we know who we [Applause] are. Hallelujah. You may be seated. What's happening this morning? We are climbing higher. We are responding to the word come up hither. Come out of your condition. Come out of your sin. Come out of condemnation. come out of your past. You may be see that it's messages like these. The prophet would speak and people would, you know what, put down their wheelchair because he would speak to them and they'd realize, wait a minute, this sickness is not my name. It's not who I am. This lust, this demon, this spirit, that's not who I am. House of hell, give way to the name of Jesus. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My John, a type of the bride. Amen. Is there in a throne room and we have an appointment with the throne room to him that overcome it will sit with me in my throne. You are part of him as much as he is part of you. How could my hand be upset to the rest of my body? It's a part of me. It's an extension of who I am. You might see my face, but my hand is still my hand. And you might think you are the least part of the body, but you are part of the body. And wherever the body goes, you have to go. You don't hear me this morning. So if my foot is giving trouble, he can't say, "I'm staying here." And the rest of the body is going here. So even if I have to use a crutches or use a sling, you're still going. I don't think you got that yet. Amen. Amen. It doesn't matter what's go. If you had a little finger in the body that's giving trouble this morning, you're still going because you cannot even separate yourself from the body if you wanted to. So the rest of us, we are carrying you because you are part of the [Applause] So there are some little fingers in here this morning. They don't think they are much in their little pain, little trials. But you know what? You're still going because the head, Christ himself, has taken property, has taken ownership, have taken command of the body, and the body has got to go wherever the head goes. He is head of the church. Christ is head of the church. You may be seated. This position, this place this morning that we have reserved for us, we have not or cannot obtain it by good works. It's not merit. I'm not standing here by merit. I'm not standing here by works. I'm standing by the grace of God. And I stand here because it's been purchased by the blood of Jesus. It has been paid for. I am property of somebody. I belong to somebody. That's why when the devil touches me, he has to get permission to touch me because I don't belong to him. He has to get permission. A permission slip. Can I mess with Isaac? Can I mess with brother George? Can I try him and see what he's made of? And you know what God does? No problem because he's just like Job. He's just like Job. Try him. Take away what you want from him. [Applause] You may be seated. When you really look at Job, brother Knights, it's really a perplexing situation, you know, because God start the whole thing, you know. God start the whole thing. He say, "Satan, where are you?" He say walking to and fro, just up and down. You know, when you have a child, it just got sit still. Just run in here, there, move this, touch this, pull this down. Come, come, come, come, come, come. Look. Have you considered terrorizing, bothering, stressing out this man called Job, I thought about it. No, but when I look at the hedge, when I look at the protection, when I look at the anointing, when I look at the way Job walks and the way Job talks and Job's prayer life and the way Job encourages himself. Amen. I tell myself, "Not that one." So when the nights God say, "All right." Amen. I'll remove the hedge. I'll remove the protection. Go touch him. Just don't touch his life. Do what you want to him. And I can imagine God smiling. Am I ready yet? They know my son Jojo. God is boasting because he's proud. No matter what the pressure is, you lose the car, you lose five tires, and you're driving on on iron. You're still smiling. The point was why why you smiling? You have no idea. Though he slay me yet still [Applause] like Hallelujah. And you know like your notifications on your phone. Hallelujah. You get one email, you get a WhatsApp, you get a text, you get everything. One after the next they bring in the report for Job. Animals, your children, the farm, the truck break down, the bank account frozen, the credit card not working, the M strip not working, you can't pay for this, you can't do that, you can't the doctor cancel every and God is smiling because his strength is made perfect in our weakness. Because when you think it's about you, it's about him. That's why he said for his name's sake. You see, God doesn't play with his name in them. You see, years ago, there were no written contracts. There were no written, there were no lawyers who would say sign here and sign here. Your name was your bond. So when you tell somebody, I will buy that land. That was the contract. Your word was your bond. And because you want to protect your word, which is your name, you would make everything happen to make that transaction happen. And God is very old school. So when he says, "I'm going to deliver you for his name's sake," he's going to do it. When he said you're going to get the Holy Ghost for his name's sake, because he can't lie and he he never did it and he can't start now. So when he said you're going to be adopted for his name's sake, he has got to do it. Can the church say amen? Hallelujah. So we are predestinated friends to climb higher from faith all the way to charity. Can the church say amen? Come up hither. Predestinated until such a time as this. God allowed you to come into your family, come into your neighborhood, go through the school you went through, go through the jobs you went through, meet the people that you met, all of that to bring you to a spot for you to climb higher, to climb out of your condition. Can the church say amen? Remember Abraham said in the message revelation chapter 4 in part one he said this fourth chapter is right after the le the leotian church age and he said the leotardian church is the most messed up church age of every age. He said you know why because this church that was supposed to be Christ church put Jesus outside of the church. Could you imagine you build something and it's yours and your people put you out in the business world? Steve Jobs started Apple company and for years Apple was being built. It wasn't going too well. Then they throw him out the company and they tried for years and they recognized they need to bring him back in. And it's only when they brought him back in the company did better than it ever did before. And here it is. Jesus builds his church inaugurated on the day of Pentecost. And through the passage of time by the Leodysian church age, he is not invited into the church. He meets a closed door and he is forced to say, "Behold, I stand at the door and knock." And if any man would open, I will come and suck with him. And after that passage, brother Brandham said, "Here we find John in chapter 4. dealing with the God of heaven being put out of his own church. John on the aisle of Patmos as it were 30 mi from the coast about 15 miles roundabout and it was an exile for the Romans to put prisoners out there. But the B said and John was out there for what? What did he do? Did he steal something? No. They put him out there because he was disturbing the people of doing something evil. No, he was there for the word of God. and his testimony for preaching the gospel. Make let that be your testimony that you are persecuted because you stood for the gospel. You stood for the truth. You stood for what is right. Can the church say amen? And begin the fourth chapter. After this, I looked and behold, a door was open in heaven. And the first voice which I heard was as it were a trumpet talking with me which said come up hither and I will show thee things which must be hereafter. And brother Brandon said we're going to take it verse by verse. He said I got a lot of scriptures here that I want to get to you. He said and all this from hereafter now will be pertaining will take place on earth after the rapture of the church. Amen. You see after the rapture, this is going back now to pick up Israel after the church age, after the ages of the church. And then he goes on to talk about the marriage of the lamb in this great wedding. Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him for the marriage of the lamb has come and his wife hath made herself ready. So, brother Brandham is using all of this to create a sense of urgency and as preached last week, it's later than we think. Amen. Amen. And we must know exactly where we stand because if we don't because brother taught us teaching places the believer. So you have to understand your position. Understand where we are at so you know what you need to do. And brother said, "Blessed are they which are called to the marriage supper of the lamb." There's going to be a meeting in the air one of these days in that sweet, sweet by and by. Just stay ready. Keep yourself ready. Purge your heart from all evil thinking. Have faith in God. No matter how dark it looks, how many laughs and makes fun and says you're making a mistake. Keep right on living holy and living for God. Just keep more moving on. The hour will arrive. [Applause] Brother Brandham said that John saw that door and brother begin to type it. He said, "Behold, I've set before thee an open door that no man can shut." Hallelujah. And no man could open. No preacher could shut it and no preacher could open it because that door is Christ. He says, "I am the door to the sheepfold." And the Bible said that door is the Holy Ghost. He said there's only one door to the church of the living God and Jesus is that door. He said I am the door. I am the door to the sheepfold. I am the way. All right. Amen. Brother said he said this to the church age. He said it to the Methodist and they turned away and went into organization. But I've set before you an open door. He said I put an open door which is the Holy Spirit that by one spirit we are all baptized into one body which is Christ. Amen. He said that message before the Methodists. They turned it away. They come up to sanctification and they refuse the Holy Ghost. That open door. How do you get into Christ? By one spirit. The Holy Spirit which is Christ spirit. I want to nail it on. We have entered it not by hand shaking, not by sprinkling, but by one Holy Ghost baptism. We are all baptized into one body and made partakers of that body. Can the church say amen? So, brother Brandham is beginning to dramatize as he's laying out this message. He's making sure that they understand where he's coming from. Yes, sir. And he's saying John is in Patmos and he's caught up after the church ages has ceased and he hears a voice and he looks up towards heaven. He sees an open door and the first voice is a trumpet. That voice, brother Abraham said, is the same voice that walked in the seven golden candlesticks. It's the same voice that spoke of the church ages. Can the church say amen? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. But the random goes on to speak about that door. And he said, listen, let me skip this. He said, "All right." He said, "I want you to notice the voice heard speaking to him had the clearness of a trumpet." You know how a trumpet sounds? It gives a shrill sound. What does a trumpet mean in the Bible? It means war. Anytime you see a trumpet blow in a war in the Bible time, it sounded meant a war. Either a revelation or something takes place. And after the church ages was over and everything was come ready, made ready the setting of the fourth chapter. The church ages was done. He had done left the earth sea. Remember the voice that spoke to him behind him in the seven golden scanner six the work is finished and now that same voice is speaking up in heaven. What was it he had done redeemed his people. Amen. His earthly work was finished and he was in glory calling to John come up hither. He said but the Bible said that makes me feel like shouting on the eve of the new year. Oh my there you are. See come up here. This is the setting of the great battle. Listen to how he describes it. The people that rejected God's message. Amen. Rejected the Holy Spirit. The messenger of the seven church ages. Who is the messenger of the seven church ages? The Holy Spirit is the messenger of the seven church ages. The one that had rejected this message of grace had nothing left but judgment. Oh, while he is making ready to pour out the plagues upon the earth now, he says, "Come up hither." So this message this morning of come up hither is not just for you to get into the spirit. It's really preparing you for that call that one day will say come up hither to call to the rapture to call to the resurrection. Is that what you're looking for this morning to get called out of this world before the terribel plague strike before the judgment strikes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. So, Brother Brandham saying this scripture while he's making ready, listen carefully, to pour out the plagues upon the earth. Come up hither and I'll show you what's fixing to take place. Christ rejecting godless sinners. I'm going to pour out my wrath upon them. Watch the setting. Oh, as we go down through the night, you'll get more of this. We can't get everything in here. We have to keep referring from place to place. how it's going to be a terrible thing for those when the last trumpet sounds. When the last battle is fought, when the last sermon is preached, when the last song is sung and we stand at the judgment seat of Christ, you're going to be asked, "Why didn't you receive it?" All right? What did you do with the life that I give you? You'll be asked to give a reason. What then? You've heard me sing that song or tried. What then? What then? When that great book is open, what then? When the ones that reject the message will be asked to give a reason. What then? What is your excuse? What will your reason be? When you come to service after service and you hear the word, you hear the warnings. You hear about a throne room. You hear that it's a throne that a king sits on. It's a throne of judgment. And it's only because there's blood on the throne, there's mercy. Amen. Amen. But it'll not be mercy forever. Amen. And when mercy runs out, it runs out. He who is filthy, filthy still. He who is holy, holy still. A snapshot taken of your life. What will your excuse be? I was too tired. I was too busy. I thought I was okay. When the word this morning is saying, "Come up hither. Come higher than your situation. Climb out of your condition. Climb out of your condition. This morning, brother Brandham goes on. We'll be asked to give a reason. What then? Going to stand there just as certain as this book is written. You're going to stand there and be asked for a reason. Oh, it pays us, my brothers, sisters. It behooves us as sons and daughters of God to check up on ourselves every hour of the day. How many people are checking themselves every hour of today? What a challenge the amount of different things we check every hour of the day. But are we checking up on ourselves every hour of the day to make sure that we are ready for when he comes? I tell young people all the time, it's it's all right to get ready for school. It's all right to get ready to study, but don't mix that up with being ready for when he comes. Brother Brandham taught us live as he is coming tomorrow. Planned for 20 years. How many of us are really living if God were to come tomorrow, this evening in 2 hours? Or would we be caught with our work undone? Oh, it pains us, my brother, sister. It behooves us as sons and daughters of God to check up on ourselves every hour of the day. Paul said, "I die daily, yet I live, not I, but Christ lives in me." You see, be checked up because you don't know what hour you're going to be summoned to answer on high. So, brother Brandham is traumatized and he says, "So, the voice is speaking to John. John, come up here." And the Brandon goes, "And I showed you the church ages on earth. Now, come up here. I'm going to show you something take place." See, Christ had left earth already. So really what brother Brandham is showing here what John was experiencing was actually long in the future. And brother Brenam I'll see if we get to it later on he said when in Matthew 16 Jesus said to his disciple there are some among you that will not see death until you see the son of man coming. And then by Matthew 17, Peter, James, and John are there on Mount Transfiguration. And Jesus is standing there. And then Elijah comes and Elijah and there's Moses. And Moses is representing Brother Baron said, "For our day, the six ages that went past the sleeping saints." And Elijah is there representing the raptured saints. Hallelujah. And when they get the great revelation to build three tabernacles, they only see Jesus. Come on. Amen. Come on now. We're in the word now this morning. Put on your spiritual hats this morning. We're going somewhere. Amen. Amen. John was standing there. All right. And when Jesus told them, "What is it to thee if John would see me if I let him tarry until he sees me?" Here it is. But the Bible said in Revelation chapter 4, John is there seeing everything as a rehearsal. He is seeing the whole thing played out in front of him. He is seeing the church ages. He is seeing the rapture. He is seeing the judgment. What an experience. Caught up into the mind of Christ. Caught up into the spiritual realm to see everything unfold. [Music] No wonder John could write the book of Revelation the way he did. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. And brother go say, "Listen, whenever that voice speaks to you, he's dramatizing. When you hear the voice of God speak to you, something happens." Oh, did it happen to you like that? It did to me. But when I said 31 years ago, and I've never been the same since. Oh, will he said, "Come up to me all ye that labor and have laden and I'll give you rest." It changed me. Is that your testimony this morning? Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Praise God. Don't be satisfied, friends. Hallelujah. With just coming to church. Don't be satisfied with just one experience. Don't get satisfied with just one touch. Don't get satisfied with one healing. There's more where that comes from. There's more grace where that come from. There's more anointing. There's more power. There's more experiences. And John immediately he was in the spirit. Friends, you could never get anything unless you are in the spirit. [Applause] Hallelujah. And how do you get in the spirit? You respond to that voice. Amen. Many times brother Brandon would speak and it said respond. Hallelujah. He would say stand up. Claim your healing. But you have to respond. Do something. Even if you don't understand, respond. It's a sign of response. It's an action. Don't just sit there and say a nice service. You can get nice services all over. But when the word, the voice of God comes to you with clarity and calls you from your sin and calls you from your past and called you from your mistake. Let somebody say hallelujah. That's me. It has nothing to do with your feeling. It has nothing to do with what happened to you. But you are identified with the voice with that word of God concerning you. Amen. Can the church say amen? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And brother Brandham is dramatizing. I want you to understand. I want you pick from this for your own walk. God cannot. Brother Brandham said God will not come down to your level. He said you have to come up to God's level. And for you to climb higher, you have to let go all the weights in your life that are keeping you down. For some of us, it's our job. For for some of us, it's our excuses. Someone says our past is whatever it is. It doesn't matter what it is because each of us are different individuals. You got to know what it is in your life that's weighing you down. And you got to drop it today that you become so light that when the rapture comes, there's no hindrance. There's no obstacle. There's nothing stopping you. You're ready to go. Don't be so attached to your house, to your car, to your reputation, to no because you want to go somewhere. This world is destined to be destroyed. Heaven and earth will pass [Applause] [Music] away. I John, this same John is the one who saw that holy city. That same John saw the earth, saw the atmosphere being burnt up. The same John we are talking about saw that new city coming into view. That same John saw tens and thousand time thousands of worshippers saying holy, holy, holy. That same John saw the 24 elders draw down their crowns. That same John saw behold the w the life the wife of the lamb. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So what are you saying? Preacher John, he saw you. Yes. Yes, he saw you. He saw you. He saw you in the rapture. He saw you in the wedding supper. He saw the things hereafter. So shake yourself this morning and climb higher. Climb higher and give God praise because you are going to make it. Oh my. Oh glory. You may be seated. I'm waiting to see that day for when the voice of God will speak to you and your testimony will be like John. The moment I heard the voice immediately I was in the spirit. There was nothing to stop me from being 100% in the spirit. I wasn't 90% in the spirit but immediately I forgot everything else around me. I don't know if John was working, if he was walking, if he was praying. But when that voice called his name immediately he was in the spirit bring us to that kind of a service where the voice of God the voice of the archangel where Christ himself would speak to your heart and immediately you'll be in the spirit. You may be seated and God could show you things because you'll never see it in your human spirit. You'll never see it in your carnal walk. You'll never see it if you're not in the spirit. If you're not in the spirit, it's just intellectual. It's just another scripture. That's another quote like most people in the message. But when you're in the spirit, all of a sudden, you get a joy. You get a peaceuh. You get an assurance because this flesh is carnal. This flesh is physical. This flesh is natural. But in the spirit, it's your theophony. It's who you really are. There's no pain in the spirit. There's no fear in the spirit. There's no doubt in the spirit. There's no sickness in the spirit. There's no depression in the spirit. It's your identification. Let us make man in our image, in our likeness. It's back to Genesis 1. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated. That's why when you're in the house of God and you're in the spirit, you could have walked in here tired. But when you're in the spirit, all of a sudden, you can't explain it. The tiredness got to go because you are connecting to who you really are. Listen this morning, you are not seeing me. You are seeing a shell, but inside of the shell is the real me in the image of God. I'm from the God class. I'm a son of God. Angels are subject to my command. [Applause] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated. I'm not trying to work you up in the spirit. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. It's a little higher than that this morning. The word of God, the voice must get you in the spirit. The word has to get you in the spirit. The Pentecostals, they just make noise and in the spirit of what they in. This is different. This is the word divinely revealed, divinely interpreted food, spiritual food, rightly dividing in due season. Christ himself, the voice of the archangel speaking to your situation. When you hear that voice, immediately you get in the spirit. You may be seated. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated. But I got to explain something to you. That's why I love about this because John is a type of the bride. But John is also an individual. God doesn't call the group. We we we we know this. We have been well taught. God is not about the group. He's about individuals. So it's all right if the person next to you hasn't heard it yet. But if you hear it, if you hear something this morning, If you hear, if you see your name this morning, this is not between you and the pastor, you and the minister, you and the elder. This is between you and God saying, "Almighty God, you mean to tell me you put my name on the lamb's book of life in my wretched condition. You saw me overcome. You saw me in the rapture. You saw my family. You saw me filled with the Holy Ghost. You saw me delivered. You saw demons flying out of my life. You saw the house of hell subject. [Applause] No wonder when John saw his name, uh, he said, "All in heaven, all on the earth, even the devils under the earth heard me shout because I saw my name. And because my name is written, I can be redeemed." Because my name is written, I can have power. Because my name is written, I can receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost and fire. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I pray that by the end of this service, listen, you may be seated. For those of you who are battling with condemnation and your mistakes and your failures, listen, Jesus, when he started his ministry, he saw Peter, he said, "Come." [Music] And Peter dropped everything. That's right. And started to follow. He picked up Andrew. He picked up James. Even Matthew the tax collector who the brothers had a challenge but he said come. They looked at Matthew and well all right if Jesus call him you got to be good because Jesus is in a name calling business. Come come. John himself was told to come. But this call that John gets on the aisle of Patmos is not just a come. It's come up. And many of you you have come this far. You have come. You have come to the message. You have come to church. You have come to the revealed word. But I'm saying come up hither. He wants you where he is. Oh my. He don't want you come to church. He wants you to come to where he is because you are heavenly creatures. You are just like him. Attribute sons of God that rotated off of God. [Applause] Woo! Everybody feeling good? The devil is scared of you, brother Mike. He is trembling this morning because you are sons of God. Listen, you may be seated. [Applause] In the Bible, Amen. The Syrians had a conundrum whenever they were discussing strategy on how to take out Israel. For some reason, Israel seemed to know what's going on in the secret war chambers of the king. Hallelujah. And brother Shane, the king cannot understand because it was his inner circle he was talking to. He knew these men for a long time and he couldn't believe that one of these men would sell him out to the Israelites. Hallelujah. They launch a commission of inquiry and somehow they found out that there's a man in Israel called Elijah. And this man had the ability to move through space and time because that's what prophets do. That's You may be seated. Before the doctor's hand touches my wife, the tumor will go down. Space is not an issue. Distance is not a problem. Sister Hat right. I give you your two boys. Why? I'm a son of God. I don't want to hear about the problem, the trial, the situation. You may be seated. There's power here this morning. You feel it right. Demons are trembling this morning. We have backed the devil in a corner this morning. House of hell give way to the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. You may be seated. So the Assyrian and Assyrian army, they came to surround Elijah. Amen. And brother Andrew, he woke up that morning as is custom. Maybe he's having breakfast and he has a little young boy named Jazzy. All right. And as this boy looks outside, he sees the whole host of the army and he comes in panicking. Elijah, Elijah, the enemy is around us. And I can imagine Elijah is doing an omelette and he takes his time and he flips the omelette in slow motion because he has nothing to fear. You know many times in the Bible Jesus said, "Fear not. Fear not." Even in the book in the New Testament said, "For I am not giving you the spirit of fear, but of adoption." What are you afraid of? You're afraid you're not going to get well. Forget about it. You are going to be healed. What? What are you talking about? You may be seated. [Applause] It's something powerful when you watch a man who knows his position and knows his authority and knows what he's connected to. And I can imagine that that that you may be seated that little boy was wondering where is Elijah getting this confidence from. Hallelujah. And Elijah looked at he said, "Listen, Lord, open up this boy's eyes." And when this boy looked again the second time, he said, "But wait a minute, they are more for us than against us." You may be seated. I challenge you this morning to look at your situation for another time. I challenge you this morning to look at your problem for a second time. Lord, open up these people's eyes to see that there are more for us than against us. There's more for us than what's going on in your home. There's more for us than what's going on in your family. There is more for us than the sickness in your body. There is more for us than that thing you cannot break. [Music] We are the warriors. We are the sons of God. We are the fighters this morning who want to fight for their families. Fight for the kingdom. Fight for the power of God. Where are the sons of God? Where are the elders? Where are the deacons? Where are the ministers? Where are the sons of God? If you may be seated. Listen, I want to drop something off to you. Amen. Those were angels that the servant saw and sons give instructions to angels. Because angels are servants, but sons are royalty. Sons are princes. Sons give commands. Sons give instructions. Oh, you don't hear me this morning. No wonder. But the pran could say, you may be seated right now. We lay hands on the sick. But when the sons are manifested one more time, you will command the demons because it's in our nature to command because we are just like our father. Let there be son stand still. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Peace. Be still. You may be seated. So I want to challenge you this morning. They say practice makes perfect. So I want to challenge you to start to practice speaking the way you will be speaking. So I want you to begin to speak to your storms. Speak to your situations. Speak to your body. Speak to your house. Say like Joshua, as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord. Begin to speak to those demons in your house. They've got to go today. Serve them. Notice time is up. Time is up. Hallelujah. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. You may be seated. [Applause] John had experienced many things. John was a witness. When Jesus was preaching and the service ran kind of late, brother Benjamin, it was longer than normal and by that time all the shops were closed, high low was closed or massi stores or whatever it was was closed. And Jesus asked a question, what? We can't let the people go back hungry. There are no places open. It's too late to cook. He said, "What do you have?" And I can imagine a deacon come and say, "Listen, Jesus, we have five loaves and two fishes. And one of the anointed brothers say but what are these among so many Jesus had a experience with those brothers they seeing miracles and yet them brothers still they already catch really what going on and Jesus blessed it and he had tell him what's going to happen say just share it. I want to know the deacon who started sharing because he had the hardest job you know because he would have been looking at five loaves and two fishes seeing 5,000 and telling himself how do I start to share this but could you imagine he takes one piece and break it and when he breaks it is like the piece come back [Applause] he Could you imagine that experience? You may be seated. Could you imagine Peter and this you see and Jesus just there just watching just watching. John was there to experience that. John was there on the boat when Jesus was so tired. The Bible said that they carried him to the boat. And in the original Greek, brother Nathaniel, that word carry meant to physically lift. In other words, the God of creation was so physically tired, the disciples had to prop him up and literally carry him to the boat. So tired was he that when the storms came, he didn't even wake up. Amen. But yet when it became too hot to handle, they decided the only option was to wake Jesus. John was there when he saw that John was there in the garden of Gethsemane and he had fallen asleep with the rest of the brothers. Oh, how he loved Jesus and how Jesus had loved him. But within his own human frailty and his own human weakness and doing the very best that he could, the very best that he could do was not even good enough. And like the rest of brothers, he fell asleep. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. But John was also there when he saw a resurrected Christ and for 40 days he heard Jesus open their understanding to the scriptures. All right. And he now possessed a clarity that he never had before because he had walked with Jesus, loved by Jesus. Undoubtedly, things would have been shared to him that only he was privy to and he was there in the upper room and the Holy Ghost poured out. But I want to challenge you, as great as all of that was, there was no experience like when he heard the words come up hither. Because for the first time, he's able to go straight up into the mind of God. [Music] Because the Bible said, I want to read it carefully to you so you understand the context of what God allowed John to see to understand how deep it was. Come up here and I will show you the things which must be hereafter. And it's unfold to him things that are to be things concerning the bride. Amen. Amen. Things concerning your walk with God. And he has to hold all of that and watch it all unfold. Because God promised that somebody would see it. And it's written in here in secret for us for such a time as this. How blessed are we this morning, friends? Amen. So I want to challenge you friends as all of the experiences you have had in your journey to this day is nothing to be compared for that call to come up hither. To hear that voice call you from this state into another state. Amen. The rapture is on the inside and then what we have preached about becomes a reality to us that is mortal could put on immortality. [Music] Amen. It sounds almost like a fairy tale, but it's going to happen. Friends, can the church say amen? Can the Lord give the Lord a hand of praise? Do you love the Lord this morning? Do you love the word this morning? You see how blessed we are? So, I want to kneel this down so you understand it clearly. But I'm in the same message. Revelation chapter 4 part 1 chapter 125. Oh, and notice John being taken up immediately after the church age was a type of the rapture church. Immediately after the church age is over. This leards and church age then comes the rapture. The church goes up like John did into the presence of God. Amen. But everybody said my that just wins my soul around caught up at the rapture of the church. Amen. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm getting ready to wind up in a short while, but the papa said no. You know, and in that same message, but said there's hope we don't run out of time too quick here now that we can get right into this. And we want to see how that flows into the human being. It's a beautiful story. Hallelujah. Jesus. So brother Brandham was given a type. He said some time ago and he's given a story. I want you to catch this now. A bunch of ministers Oral Roberts was one of them. Cecil be the mill when he wrote this ten commandments. I'm sure we've all seen ten commandments. He called up brother Shakarion, brother Roberts, many preachers across the land. any preachers that could come. And he invited them to come into the studio before the picture was ever released and let them see the rehearsal of it before it was ever showed out. When they were charging $25 a ticket, they seen the rehearsal of it that they might pass their opinion on whether there was any critics about it or what could be said and so forth. They seen it before the public. Amen. Could see it. Amen. All right. You catch that now? So when the ten commandments is made, Cesy Mill is finished. He he doesn't want to show it to everybody unless he gets some support from the preachers of the day. They say, "Brothers, come and look at this and tell me if you think this ten commandments really brings out the story of Moses and the Exodus and stuff. And the brothers come and they see a rehearsal of what takes place before the public sees what takes place. And brother Brandon begins to connect this to John now. So he said when Jesus says some of you standing here will not taste death until you see the Solomon coming. He said, "What Jesus was talking about is calling John aside and giving John a rehearsal of ten commandments or the unfolding of time before the bride was even here before the church age is even played out. So John was seeing it firsthand to give according to what brother said to see if there's any critics or opinion or or what is going to happen in the world to tell people you should go and see this thing man. This thing end up good. All right. This thing is a good thing to see. So John wrote out his testimony through the book of revelation of how good these things are that he saw when he was caught up. Amen. Amen. And in there he sees everything including the spirit and the bride say come. He sees and writes everything out. And he shows how the devil is going to be destroyed. He talks about the new city. So what's our excuse? Amen. That book of revelation is already happened in rehearsal. The tape is already recorded. It's only now. There's no more editing to the tape. I don't think you catch that. There's no more. The tape is finished, but it's even it's it's the movie is finished. The only thing going on now is it's now playing in the correct timing, but we know the end. [Applause] We already know the end of the story. And that's why Satan is mad because he can never change his part in the story. And that why you should be glad because nobody could take you out as a character in the story. In that story you are shouting in that story. But a terance there's no more arthritis. But a nicho in that story that foot has no more pain. Oh you don't hear me s sister Christine in that story those eyes open back up. That's that's on the tape. That is it's playing right now. is going to get to the part where you get the Holy Ghost. It's going to get to the part where your husband is get delivered. It's going to come to the part where your wife gets delivered. But the Ruskin is going to come to the part where you are healed. Oh yes. But the Mike Blackman is going to come to the part where your family gets delivered. Oh yes. It's coming. It's coming. It's coming. It's coming. Let the tape play. Let the dogs bark. This caravan is moving on. We are going to the rapture. We are going to the resurrection. We are going out of here. Come up hither. Climb higher. Possess your inheritance. May the Lord richly bless [Applause] you. Oh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a shout of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. We have heard the voice of the Lord this morning. Come up hill. Come up hill. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Halle. Give God a shout of praise. Oh thank you Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. It's coming. It's coming. It's coming. Oh, your deliverance is coming. I heard a voice say, "Come up here. The Holy Ghost is coming. Your family is coming. Your children is coming. The baptism of fire is coming. Deliverance is coming. Dynamics is coming. A revival is coming. The headstone is coming. with shoutings crying grace grace unto him. Oh hallelujah hallelujah. Oh tonight reach your brother reach your sister. It's coming down down. It's coming down. Oh the spirit of the Lord is coming down. Oh, begin to pray for the Lord to have his Oh, and the spirit of the Lord is coming. Well, it's coming down. It's coming down. It's coming. Oh my. Oh, you just worship him this morning. Oh yeah. The Lord is coming. Well, it's coming now. It's coming now. Well, it's coming now. Oh Lord. And the spirit of the Lord is coming down. Oh to pray for the Lord to have his way to lo [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, give him praise right now. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Oh yes Lord. Yes Lord. Hallelujah. Oh glory. Thank you Jesus Christ. [Music] Hallelujah. Following me [Music] [Applause] city hallelujah. We say hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh mighty mighty. Oh mighty mighty mighty fire. Oh mighty mighty mighty fire. Hey my silver I have I give it to you. Oh, I have I give him praise. [Applause] Oh my [Music] go. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. Oh hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. We're so blessed this morning. Amen. So blessed this morning. You are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone. Oh, and right now in the good times and bad. Oh, you are on your throne. Will you are God and say, "Oh, you are God alone. Oh, from before time began. Oh, you are on your throne. And you are God alone well and right right now in the good times and oh you are on your throne. Oh you are God. You are God. You are God from before time. Oh come on sing with me. Hallelujah. You are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. And right now, right, right now in the good times and you are on your throne. You are God alone. Oh, you are God alone. Oh, from before time began. Oh, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God. And right now, right now, oh, in the good times and well, you are your God. Oh, give him a shout of praise right now. Let's give him worship. Let's give him Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. I saw him high lifted up. Oh, hallelujah. He was on the throne. Oh, he was worshiped. The beast worship. Oh, what is the lamb? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, on your throne. Oh, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. Just sing. Just say you are God alone. Oh, you are God alone. You are God alone. Oh, you are God. You are God alone. God. You are God alone. Come on, say you are God alone. Oh, you are God alone. Oh, you are God alone. Let Jesus say, "Oh, you are God alone. Oh, you are God alone. Oh, you are God alone. Oh, you are God. One more time. Oh, say you are God alone. You are God alone. You are God alone. Oh, give him praise. Hallelujah. Oh, unchangeable. Hallelujah. Unbreakable. Unstoppable is what you are. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, give him praise this morning. I feel like dancing. I feel like shouting. I feel like praising God. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, his presence is here. His power is here this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. My God. My God. Amen. One more song. I want to be ready. Yes. I want to be ready. Well, I want to be ready. Jerusalem just like Well, I want to be ready. To be ready. Well, I want to be ready. Oh. to walk in Jerusalem trust him. Let's bow our hands. Amen. Heavenly Father, we bring the tithes you offer before you bless it. Use it for the footings of your gospel this morning. In Jesus name we pray and ask. Amen and amen. Want to be ready to walk in Jerusalem just like John. Oh, will you be ready? Oh, will you be ready? Oh, will you be ready to walk in Jerusalem? Just will you will you be ready? Oh, will you be ready? Oh, will you be ready? Oh, to walk in Jerusalem. Just I want I want to be ready. Oh, I want to be ready. Oh, I want to be ready. Oh, now to walk in Jerusalem. Just I want where I want to be. Oh, the bride wants to be. Oh, she will be ready. Oh, now to walk in Jerusalem. Oh, will you my brother? Oh, be with you, my sister. Will you be ready? Oh, will you be ready? Oh, to walk in Jerusalem. One more time. I want I want to be ready. And I want to be ready. Oh, I want to be ready to walk in Jerusalem just like John. Amen. Amen. Oh, what a day. In the presence of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, we thank God for this day. We thank God for this moment. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord Jesus. Amen. Just take a moment to thank him. Just take a moment to appreciate the Lord in your own way this morning. Just lift your hands. We won't have this all the time, friends. We're so grateful this morning to have the voice of the Lord to speak to us in our circumstance, to speak to us in our situation. Father, we thank you this morning. We're so privileged this morning to be called your sons and daughters. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you for your love. Thank you for your grace. Thank you for your mercy in this hour. Amen. And amen. You could play something softly. There's just a small prayer request we have before we want to um pray for the service as we close out. Um want to bring uh brother Jason Rajkumar and his his son before the Lord. Uh he's going through a bit of intensive care uh at the hospital. Uh so we want to uh pray that we bring before the Lord little child that God would intervene on on on his behalf. So let's just bring this before the Lord before we pray and close our eyes bowed and our eyes closed. Heavenly Father, Lord, we want to bring Lord our brother Jason Rajkumar's son before your presence there God, the little child there, God. Father, we pray that Lord your holy spirit Lord Father would would intervene on this situation this morning. Lord, we know, God, Father, the distressing, Lord, that it must be upon the parents, Lord, and Lord, what they're going through, Father. But, but Lord, we know that there's there's a hope beyond all hopes this morning. There's a voice that is able to wake the dead. There's a voice that could bring life, Lord. Father, there's a voice that could fix, heal any dis circumstance, Lord, Father. Lord, we pray, oh God, Father, for your anointing this morning to pass, oh God, Father, buy their way, Lord, and touch a child, Father. We pray, Lord, may there be a great recovery, Lord, Father, remarkable even, Lord. Lord, may it astonish the doctors, Lord, Father. Lord, may it be you, oh God, Father, Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever, Lord, performing miracle work and healing, oh God, Father, in a time like this, oh God. We thank you, dear God, for healing. Oh God father, we pray oh God that your that your your will be done oh God father in this situation grant it almighty God we pray and ask in your precious name and now we pray Lord Father as we close out there God this service Lord how your servant brother Isaac Lord Lord how he preached this message come up hither and Lord not only was it an edification not only was it a a teaching here and there Lord but it was such an encouragement to our hearts dear Godord Lord, to know that there's a voice, Lord, Father, that's going to call us home one day. Oh, hallelujah. And that same voice that called us to salvation, that called us to repentance, that call us to redemption, Lord Father, you're going to call us up, Lord God, out of this world, out of the sin thereof. Oh God, we thank you for your voice, Lord. Lord, may that voice continue to go out, Lord, Father. Go out to our families. Go out to our homes. Go out to our situations, oh Lord, Father. Lord, and may go before us, oh God, Father, and fight every battle before us, Lord, Father. We wait upon you Lord. Oh God, take him take control of every heart and life here this morning. Even brother Isaac over, we pray you bless him and strengthen him. Give him an anointing like never before. Bless his body there, God, and give him back a double portion of strength for the service he put out this morning. We're so grateful this morning. We pray as each one go, Lord. We pray you bless them and keep them in your in your heart, in your in your arms, oh God, Father, and bring us back at the appointed time to worship you, to praise you, and to give you all the glory for what you're about to do, Lord God. We thank you and praise you in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Why don't you turn around and greet your brother, your sister one more time. Amen. Take it all. Take it. I say even [Music] so come Lord Jesus come. Oh even so oh take your bride away. And how my soul who longs to be with you, my Even so. Well, even so, even so, well, even so, come Lord Jesus, come. You may have your seats. Amen. Just a few announcements we'll have before we dismiss you. Um, we'd like maintenance team group one to assemble after service. Please meet with brother Papa. Uh, yeah, brother Papa after service. So that's maintenance team group one. Okay. Also, there'll be a short choir practice after service. And uh we we we want to mean short this time. Uh and we we want to ask if you could just please stay back uh and as in remain seated uh after we've ushered out. I know the ushers will usher them out. We just want the choir choir members to remain seated uh in the in the sanctuary after everything so that we could just go through a real quick practice and then you'll be on your way. Okay. Also, there's a reminder for the church dinner that we have coming up on December 10th. Uh and registration continues for that. So after church you could uh please meet with sister Karen and also sister Ayana downstairs and they will try to facilitate registration and payment or or both. Amen. So so Amen. So those are the major announcements. Uh there will be no service this Tuesday uh coming up in Marval. Okay. So no service this Tuesday. There will be only one midweek service on Thursday in Zang Grande. Amen. So, and then of course uh uh this Sunday coming we'll be having two services morning and evening and the Lord supp evening of course. Amen. So, praise the Lord. Um so, just to recap, uh team group one, maintenance group one to meet in the back with brother Papa. We want the choir members to just stay back, please, and and just facilitate the practice after service. and also um uh the church dinner. Just remember there's be registration downstairs. No service this Tuesday, one midweek service on Thursday this week in Sangri Grandi. And there'll be two services on Sunday. Amen. So God richly bless you as you go to come. You can go ahead and usher them out. Even so, oh come Lord Jesus come. Even so even. Oh take your mind away. How my soul how my soul belongs to thee. Even so, even so. Oh, even so. Even so. Come Lord Jesus come. Oh no. So, oh come Lord Jesus come. Oh well. Won't you take your mind away? Oh, and how my soul longs to be with you, my God. He soul. [Music] Oh Jesus. Oh, take your mind away. [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music]
