################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-06-05 - Called To Perfection, The Bride - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle - Theo Ovid - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-06-05
Title:   Called To Perfection, The Bride - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzW8yK_SRT4
========================================

Oh, sing how great. Who is our God? Oh, sing with me. How [Music] great [Music] is it on? See how great how great is our God. Oh, he's the name above all names. Hallelujah. He's the name. Well, he's the name above. Amen. He is worthy to be praised. He is worthy to be praised. Oh, and my heart will sing. My heart will sing. How great, how great is our God. Oh, one more time. Every hand lifted. How great. Oh, sing how great. Oh, our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great how great is our God. Oh, give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, give him praise this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, give God a shout of praise this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Great and mighty is his name this morning. Oh, I'm here to worship. I'm here to praise him. I'm here to lift him up. I'm here to magnify his name this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. Are you happy to be here this morning? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of the Lord and let us lift up his name. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. He is mighty to save this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. It's a privilege to be here this morning and we welcome you to this special Sunday morning service. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And let's turn our Bibles over now to the book of Psalms. We're going to read from Psalms chapter 46 as we welcome the presence of the Lord among us. And we know without his presence we can do nothing this morning. Amen. No eyes are upon him this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Psalm chapter 46. Amen. From verse one says, "God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Therefore will not we fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea, though the waters thereof roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof, sailor, there is a river, the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God, the holy place of the tabernacles of the most high. God is in the midst of her, and she shall not be moved. God shall help her. And that right early, the heathen raged, the kingdoms were moved. He uttered his voice and the earth melted. The Lord of hosts is with us. The God of Jacob is our refuge. Salem. May God add blessing to the ring of his word. Let's lift our hands now and close our eyes and welcome the presence of the Lord in this place. And let's invite his his spirit with worship this morning. Hallelujah. And with thanksgiving and for life and for health and for strength. Oh hallelujah. Don't forget not the small things this morning. Oh hallelujah. Praise him for everything this morning. Praise him with your whole heart. Invite him in this morning. Oh hallelujah. Father we welcome you this morning. He comes wherever he's invited. Father, we invite you in this place. We invite you in this tabernacle. Oh hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh hal. Let us pray now. Oh heavenly father. We thank you for your presence Lord. Lord that is among your people. Oh God. Father. Lord. Where the spirit of the Lord is there is liberty Lord. And we are free to praise you this morning and to worship you and to thank you for what you have done for what you are doing for what you're about to do this morning. We thank you this morning, Lord. We owe our lives to you this morning. A debt of gratitude, Lord, that can never be repaid. But Lord, with all our hearts, we give thanks, Lord, for your son coming to us, Lord, and dying, giving your life that we could have liberty through your name, Jesus. Father, we pray you bless the service this morning. Bless each one as they praise and worship you. May your anointing come down and touch them and minister to each heart, Lord, we pray your word go forth with power, Lord, and such an anointing, Lord, Father. Lord, that it would cut the doubt away from us, Lord. Lord, that would cut fear and and wickedness away from us, Father. Lord, that we could press on towards the mark of the high calling, Lord, that we could press on to perfection this morning. Granted, Almighty God, we pray and ask these things today. Have your precious way today. In Jesus name we ask. Amen. And amen. You love him this morning. Give him a shout of praise. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory. Turn around and greet your brother. Turn around and greet your sister. Give me a Kefir. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has made. Amen. Now, raise Ra raise it up one. Yeah. Amen. Oh, this is the day. Oh, well, this is the day. Oh, that the Lord has made. Oh, that the Lord. Oh, well, now I will rejoice. Oh, and I will be Oh, and be glad. Oh, and be glad in it. Oh, and this is the day that the Lord has made. Oh, and I will rejoice and be glad in it. This is the day. Oh, this is the day that the Lord has made. Oh, this is the day when [Music] you will. I willj. I will rejoice when I be glad in glad. Oh, and this is the day that the Lord has made. Now I will rejoice and be glad. This is the day. Oh, this is the day for the Lord. Oh, happy. Oh, and I am delivered. Oh, praise the Lord. I am delivered. I am. Oh, glory to his name. Oh, and I was lost in the valley of I am. Oh, praise. Oh, I am deliver. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, I am deliver. Oh, glory to his name. I was lost. I was Oh, in a valley of I am delivered. Oh, praise. Oh, one more time. I am. I am. Oh, great. I am I am testify. Oh, I was lost. I was lost him and I was in a valley of death but I am delivered. Oh praise. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh. Oh hallelu. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelu amen. Hallelujah. Oh we are together again. Oh just praising the Lord. Oh this morning we're together again. Oh and we're in one of and I know something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We are together again. Oh, just pray. Do you believe in this morning we are together again? Oh, just praising the Lord. Oh, I know we're together. Oh, and we're in one. And I know that something good is going something good is in store. We are together. Oh, hallelujah. Just pray one more time. We are together again. We are together again. Oh, just free. Oh, this morning we're together again and we're in one of Oh, I'm saying this something good. Something good. Oh, I believe we're together again. Oh, just praise one more time. We are together. We are together again. Oh, just praising the Lord. Oh, I know we're together again. Oh, and we're in one call. And I know that something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We are together again. Oh, just give the Lord a shout of praise one more time. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, something's going to happen. Oh, something's going to happen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, one more time. We are together again. Oh, just praising the Lord. Oh, I know we're together again. And we're in [Music] water. Something good is going together again. Just praising the [Applause] Lord. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Wo. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, we're here to worship him. We're here to praise him this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this song. I love you forever with all my heart. I love you and I love you forever. [Music] forever. You're my king. I love you. Oh, this morning I love [Music] forever with all with all my heart. I love you. [Music] [Applause] forever. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'll serve you. Oh, I'll serve you. I'll sing forever with all my heart. I'll serve you and I'll serve you forever. Forever forever. You're mine. I'll praise you, Lord. Oh yes, I'll praise you. And I pray forever with all my heart. I'll praise you all forever. Forever. Oh, forever. Forever. Oh, give him praise this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Forever. Oh, yes, Lord. Oh, forever. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, [Music] Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I will bless the Lord at all times. His praise shall continually be in my mouth. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I will bless the Lord. I will bless the Lord forever. Forever. Oh, praise him forever. Worship him forever. Hallelujah. Oh, glory forever. [Music] With all my heart I love [Music] you [Music] forever. You're my king. One more time. Forever you're my [Music] king. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, glory be to God. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Do you love him this morning? Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. I want you to greet your brother. Greet your precious sister one more time. Amen. Tell them you love him. Tell them you appreciate them. You're praying for them. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. I know my Lord's going to lead me out. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I know my Lord is going to lead me out. I know my Lord is going to leave me out. Oh, I'm going to pray. I do the best I can. Oh, cuz I know my Lord will lead me out of this river. Well, this morning I know my Oh, he's going to leave. Oh my. I know my Lord. Oh, I'm going to pray. I'm going to pray. I do the best. Oh, I know my Lord is going to lead me out of this. Well, I know I know my Lord. Well, he's going to leave me out. I know it's going to leave. So I'm going to pray. I'm going to pray. I do the best I can. Well, I know my Lord is going to lead me out of this. I'm on my way. I'm on my way. Oh, to get I'm on my way. I'm on my way. Oh, I'm on my way. I'm on my way. Oh, I'm on my way. Praise God. If you won't go, if you won't go. Oh, don't me. If you won't go, if you won't go. Oh, don't me. Don't me. But I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my Well, I'm on my way. I'm on my way. Oh, I'm on my way. I'm on my way to my Oh, I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my Oh, Father, let the fire Father, let the fire fall. Oh, Father, let the fire fall. Oh, let the fire fall. Let the fire fall. Let the fire. Oh God, let the fire fall. Oh God, let the fire fall. Oh, let the fire fall. Let the [Music] fire fire fall on me. Oh fire, fire. Oh fire. Oh, as in the day of Pent. Oh fire fall. Oh hallelujah. As in the day of Oh fire. Oh one more time. Oh fire fall. Hosan fire. Oh fire fall. Oh, say as in the day of Pentecost, fire fall on me. Oh, as in the day of Pentecost. Oh, fire. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Fire. Fire. Oh, we want the fire this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yeah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh that's it. That's it. Give him praise this morning. Oh hallelujah. Call for the fire. Ask him for the fire. Oh our Lord. Send the rain this morning. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Fire time. Oh in the day of death. Fire fall on me. Oh god. Oh fire fall on me. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Do you want to fire this morning? God's going to send a fire and ask you for rain. This is the time. This is the season. Amen. many many amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. In the same key, Lord, send rain. Oh, and pour out your spirit. Oh Lord, let the fire fall. Fill us one and all. Oh, for fresh on me. Oh sing. Oh and pour out your spirit. Oh Lord and let the fire [Applause] fall. Oh pour on me. Oh Lord send the rain. Oh Lord send rain. Lord send rain. Oh, and pour out your spirit. Oh, let the fire fall. Feel one and all one and all fresh. Let the worshippers arise. Let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons of the daughter sing. Oh, I'm so glad you're in my Oh, I surrender to the king. I surrender. Oh, let the worippers arise. Lord, let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters. Oh, I'm surrendering my surrender to the king. Oh, I surrender to the king. Oh Lord, send the rain. Oh Lord, send the rain. Oh Lord, and pour out your spirit. Oh, let the fire fall. Fill us one and all. Pour fresh on me. Oh, one more time. One more time. Oh, send rain. Oh, and pour out your spirit. Ooh, let fire fill us one. Oh, fall fresh on me. Man, fall fresh on me. Oh, this morning. Won't you fall fresh on me? Hallelujah. Oh, fall fresh on me. Oh, somebody praise him. Somebody worship him. Oh, ask him to fall fresh on you this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, come alive in Jesus this morning. Fall fresh on me this morning. Fall fresh on me this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Oh, you feel his presence here. Oh, hallelujah. He's all around us. Worthy is the lamb, seated on the throne. Picture him this morning. We crown you now with many. Oh, you reign victory. Oh, you are [Applause] higher. Oh Jesus, son of God. Oh, the treasure of heaven from crew si. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Oh, lift your hands. Worthy. Sing it. Worthy. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. I see him. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, we crown him. We crown crown you now with men. We crown all you reign victori. Oh, and he is higher. [Music] [Music] Glory. Glory. One more time. [Music] Oh, you [Music] know, you [Music] [Applause] worthy. Oh my word is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Give him praise. Give him [Music] [Applause] praise. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Let us bow our heads for a word of prayer. Father, we thank you for your presence, for your blood, for your spirit, for your presence. Follow the blood right from the book of redemption. And father, we know your blood is here this morning speaking on our behalf. We are so unworthy and we look away to you. We are dependent upon you. Without you, we can do anything. Bless your word. Bless your people, Father. In Jesus name we ask it. Amen. And amen. God bless you. And I want to go straight into the word. No comments. We have Matthew chapter 5 1 verse verse 48. We have 1 Corinthians chapter 13 verse 9 and 10. Hebrews chapter 6 1 verse1. Thank you musicians. My what's singing this morning my mind is blown. Uh sometime when I speaking I'm talking about oldfashioned or homecooked fire when everybody bring the fire from home and then they put it together in the church we have a real bonfire and I feel that that that that's what we have this morning. Amen. And I'm so appreciative of that that you are applying the word. I could feel it. Feel the anointing. My goodness. Oh, we are grateful to God. So, read in Matthew chapter 5, want to read verse 48. Be therefore perfect, even as your father which is in heaven is perfect. And from 1 Corinthians chapter 13 9 and 10. For we know in part and we prophesy in part. But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away. We also go to Hebrews chapter 6 verse one. Therefore, leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perfection. Amen. Not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works and of faith towards God. Let us pray. Father, we thank you for the reading of your word. Any man could read the scriptures. We have had scriptures read for so many years. But it will take the Holy Ghost to come and anoint the word and breathe life and fire and presence and power and deliverance and quicken the word to the people. Father, may the ministry of the spirit be effective today in Jesus name we ask it. Amen and amen. Before you have your seats, I want you to turn around and shake somebody hands and greet somebody in Jesus name. Just before you have your seats, Oh, glory. You may be seated when you Amen. Give the Lord some praises as you take your seats. [Applause] It's always a privilege to be in the presence of God. Amen. Amen. To be under the anointing of the spirit. Amen. Oh god. Just think without the spirit of God, we're just another group of people. A Sunday morning just gathering together and meeting each other and shaking each other's hands. When the spirit of God is here, hallelujah, makes a whole difference in the entire world. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. There are some who in life are called into different vocations, careers, positions. Example, to be a writer, a doctor, a teacher, mechanic, farmer, an engineer, a father, minister. But besides all of that or in addition to that, Amen. there's another calling. A higher calling. Hallelujah. This call differentiates them from others. This is a call to perfection. Hallelujah. There are some who are great family persons. They genuinely love and care about the family, but besides that, there still remain a higher calling. There are those who are content and satisfied. Nothing moves them. Nothing really inspires or motivates them. They have it all figured out how it should be, how they want it, how they see it, and according to where they are in life, they control everything around them. Especially if they have money, power and position. There are those who are not fortunate to be in money, power or position. Life just swirls around them. All right? Things happen to them and around them. Hallelujah. There are those who somebody always do them, hurt them, affect them, stumble them, hinder them, there are those who choose to be lazy, have no ambition, no desire for anything. Life is just so for them. Life just happens. They are no better off in spirit, in attitude and behavior after 5, 10, 15 years. They are the same person. They always was. All types go to church. All say amen. But there's a bunch of individuals among those who are called now to perfection. Amen. Something drives them. Hallelujah. A purpose, a deep, an unexplained something that drives them to dig deeper, climb higher. Hallelujah. Press further. Certain keywords connect to these types. I press towards the mark, forgetting the things that are passed. I can do all things through Christ. Let us go on to perfection. Amen. Earnestly contending for the faith. These are actionable words, things to apply and effect change in one's life. Hallelujah. A call to perfection. Only the bride will have that call. Some are called to follow the message. Some are called to follow a church. Some are called to follow family, follow a preacher or minister or church or congregation that they love. Take them out of that congregation. They are lost. They can't find happiness. For them, it's church choosing the minister of their choosing. They have a real struggle to struggle. They have a problem to accept. Praise God. Hallelujah. That all things work together for good to them that love God. Hallelujah. They have a problem to accept that nothing takes God by surprise. God doesn't wave his eye, open his eyes big like something surprised him. They have trouble accepting that nothing takes God by surprise. Hallelujah. They have problems accepting trials, accepting testings, accepting tribulation. They really don't want any of that. God is not at their center point. Hal God is not their center point. God is Oh, hallelujah. Money is. God is not their center point. The family is. God is not their center point. Self is. I, me, I. God. The word is a reference point. is like a dictionary, a book that you check the meaning of the word. Sometimes there is no real burden to see God, to see his power, to see his glory. There is a no daily life is a daily judge. But there are some who are called to perfection. And the title of the message this morning is called to perfection. Amen. the bride. That's my title this morning. Call to perfection the bride and an inspiration when that which is perfect is come. [Music] Gal feeling good to be here tonight. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. So now we come down where the tire hits the road. Amen. Come down to the real deal. Yes sir. Know in part, prophesy in part, accept a lot of things in part. There comes a when part is no longer you know good enough. Amen. You you see when you know when when when better is expected good is not good enough. When it reach where it's a standard and a requirement where it comes to the higher calling all of a sudden you find yourself naked. Hallelujah. You find yourself undone. You find yourself needing to come up to meet God requirement. That is what this means. Let us go on to perfection. The bride being called to that perfection. So it would mean allowing Christ to move in every area of yourself and life. Let me change those words. Allowing Christ to invade your self life. Your human spirit. Amen. Not just have Christ on a Sunday morning, the anointing and the presence and you you get a quote and you read a get a scripture. No, no, no, no. But but it becomes a daily inventory, a daily connecting with a daily receiving of and from. Now you understand why the prophet said, "Read your Bible and pray every day." And you're going to grow. Hallelujah. Not live in church. Some people who they feel they could live in church. They wish the church had rooms where they could stay away from the devil away from trials. You're only hearing songs and psalms like angels singing harp playing. But the Bible said the trial of your faith being more precious than gold. And and you see God come and bring you a conversation to get tried of your faith inside the church. Some people go to church and get fight. I do understand that. I'm not going there. But the thing of it is is when you leave here, Yes, sir. when you get out there, then give God the opportunity and give the devil an opportunity to see what you hear and what you really believe. [Applause] As far as devil concern, you went to you going to you you going to hear things. Amen. Amen. He not even sure you believe those things you are hearing. And he have a right to investigate that. But God using him to fix you. Right. You're not hearing what I'm saying. You You're not hearing what I'm saying? If you understand that, you will thank God that the devil is a good adversary. And God made you worthy of combat. You hear what I'm saying? Qualified to loose you on the You don't put a new recruit, new recruit on the battlefield. You have to get trained that God to put you on life's battle fulfilled. So really and truly it have no room to be children. Be no more children. Get your boots. Get your clothes because we are going somewhere. Oh glory to God. So some point in time that which is perfect must come and then we have to step up now to meet up with it. Oh glory to God. Could we give the Lord a shout? Hallelujah. So he's allowing the Holy Spirit to come and influence your human personality. You living and walking and moving and applying the presence of God. Hallelujah. There are too many who contend just to be saved, just to be message babies and they're looking for pampers every service and diapers. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Isn't that something? There are those nobody could tell them anything. Not even the husband, wife, not even the pastor. They are truly on their own. Amen. They want to run their life their own way, by their own emotions, by their own fancies. Amen. Whatever come, whatever they want, they want. And if they don't get that, they get they're going to attract. They throw a tantrum. As if that's what children do. You know, that's what children do. They throw tantrums. And you see God, God have no time with that. God would leave you in a tantrum. And when you finish, you still God. God will leave you in trouble and when he finish you still God until you understand he had no time with that because the whole creation is groaning struggling travailing for the manifestation of not children of the sons of God when born sons mature sons responsible sons qualified sons anointed sons trained sons sons who fell and rise back up. Sons who get knocked back down and knock up and come back up. Oh, rugged sons. God see sons. Overcoming sons. Sons who not afraid to fail because failure doesn't make you a failure. Failing doesn't make you a failure. Failing doesn't make you a failure. Oh, give the Lord a shout. We have a word from the Lord for you today. Hallelujah. You must want an experience with the word. Amen. I'll repeat that. You must want an experience with God said. So, I don't care what your feelings tell you. It's what God said. You have to experience the word against your feelings. The word against your emotions, the word against your better judgment. Did you get that? If Isaiah was studying his thinking and his mind, when God say say a virgin shall conceive, Isaiah would say, uh, Isaiah would say, could you repeat that? Yeah, but Isaiah was in that mood. When God said virgin conceive, he shall virgin conceive. Have no How could a virgin Could you Did you show you me? Do you really want me to to say that? No. No. The these guys not using the head. This holy men moved by the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost bypassing the head and striking the heart and the heart going to the mouth to speak the word right out. So these guys was only speaking what God put upon the heart. One time a man come and say speak what everybody else say and he said I only speak what God put in my mouth. I can't speak what I feel to speak. I can't speak. God not allowing me to do that because the word comes to me. The word of the Lord came to Jeremiah. The word of the Lord came to Ezekiel. The word of the Lord, it comes to them bypass their mind dropping their heart as a thought. And when they speak it, it expresses a word. [Applause] Hallelujah. Are you ready for some more? We talking about perfection and some people freeze. But I'm not talking about sinless perfection. Let the word tell you about this thing called perfection. From God's provided way. Now a righteous man, amen, is not a sinless man. For if you notice, he said Elijah was a man subject to like passions as we are. Amen. He had his ups and downs, his different differences. And the scripture of his life proves he had his ups and downs like we do. Hallelujah. But he had times of wondering, his times that his temper got away from him. He had lots of things that went wrong. But he was still a righteous man because he confessed his unworthiness and believed in God. So that is what made him righteous. [Applause] We are righteous through Jesus Christ. I cannot be sanctified within myself. I am sanctified through Jesus Christ who stands in the presence of God in my place. It isn't my holiness. It's his holiness. My holiness won't work at all, but his does because God done accepted him. And in accepting him, he had to accept me because I'm in him. [Applause] And that's what make it real. Then we don't have to depend on ourselves. Now, that doesn't make us to say we can sin, brother. If you sin, you just got away from God. That's all. There's only one thing to do. Confess it. Get right with God. As long as you desire to sin, this desire of sin is still in your heart. Then it's time for you to stay at the altar till that thing is taken out. Now you will sin. You are bound to sin cause you just can't help it. Not willful sin. But he that sins willfully after receive the knowledge of truth, there remain no sacrifice for sin. But every day you're bound to sin. You are bound to be backsliding constantly. So it takes a constant prayer to God. Amen. That's why Paul said, "I die daily daily." Amen. And if Paul had to die daily, how much more am I going to have to stay at dead all the time? If Paul had to die daily to stay right with God, we all have to do that to die out ourselves. And that is getting God's way. Oh, could we give the Lord some praises, people? Hallelujah. And there's only two ways of doing anything. That's the right way and the wrong way. And them ways are your ways and God ways. And you can't be in your way and God way at the same time. You've got to forget your own way to get into God's way. And you got to get out of your own way to get in God's way. As long as you're in your own way, you're out of his way. So forsake your way. Forsake your thoughts. Forsake everything and rely on thus say the Lord. And then you know you're right. Amen. Amen. Amen. Though you can see it. Hallelujah. None of the sensitive will say it's right. Every one of them will say it's wrong. But you know what? It's right because God said so. Amen. So you are rejecting and denying and giving your your senses trouble. Amen. Your sense is balling. You know, but you are saying God said so. God's provided way for humans is to live not by your senses but by his word. Because humans was given these five senses to contact down here. But a different sense was given to contact up there. God put man in his own image. And God is a supernatural being. He was a supernatural man. And none of those five senses declare his heavenly home. So those five senses, the food tasting nice, that does not mean that have nothing to do with your heavenly home. You're touching this, you're feeling this, and your emotions that has nothing to do with your heavenly home. All what you're feeling, experiencing these five senses is for down here. Can we give the Lord some praises? Are you with me? Amen. So these five senses control the human body and two senses control the inside man. Faith and unbelief. You've possessed one or the other. Oh my. I think it's a good thing. In Florida and somebody's desk was three monkeys. One of them had his hand over his eyes see no evil. Other one had his fingers over his ears hear no evil. The other one had it over his mouth speak no evil. I think that's a good thing. You keep your mind pure on Christ. Now you see if you don't watch you will get yourself over into a place and thinking you will you you can't live listen you can't live so perfect till you don't make that mistake now don't you think you'll ever get that way you are not sinless and you are certainly you will certainly get off of the track on this side or that side but a man that once knocked down if he's a real soldier he'll rise up again so don't ever talk about a man knocked down knock Amen. Oh, your knockdown come yet. That's right. Hallelujah. Maybe you still crawling. You start to walk yet. Amen. That's why you a fall yet. Hallelujah. But once you a man on this earth, you don't get knocked down. Amen. Hear what the prophet said. Lord, let me rise and try again. But a coward as soon as he sees you make a little mistake like the bug on the water spider will go right back in water again. So that's why some people they they don't ever get criticism. Because they they does they do nothing. They try nothing. They affect nothing. They stand for nothing. They just like a dish rag. Everybody loves them. They have trouble with no hope. They are very good and nice. If the priest see them, he sh them with holy water. They'll make them an acolyte in the church or whatever it is. Nobody troubles them. Nobody butters them. They butter nobody. They just nicy nicy. But anytime you try to do something, there's always going to be opposition. Always going to be criticism for the kingdom of God. You think the devil just lets back and said, "Oh, go ahead. Uh, God bless you." The devil saying, "God bless you." God already bless you. God pronounce a blessing on the devil. He is there to hinder, upset, amen, frustrate, and so on. Once you understand that, your whole picture begin to change and recognize truly Romans 8:28 apply. And we know, we know, we know. If others don't know, we know that all things, not some things, all things. Do you believe that? You could say amen to that. But do you really believe that? Because when things happen, you don't believe it. Because your behavior demonstrate you don't believe it. Amen. There come things that go on hand. And when you find things going on, you take it back out. And God say, "I told you leaving it. Take it back in because I had to fix. I I can't stand this no more. I can't take this no more. I can't take this no more. And you raise your voice at at at who? Where the voice at? And you raise your voice at God and all. All right. It's up to you. God forcing you. So God said, "Out of my hand now is your hands." And you know how your hands is already you're long enough. You know how your hands is already. Your hand not good. Your hand is trouble all by itself. So God still waiting, waiting for you to bring it back. Oh, you now get the message. Bring it back to my hands. I could take care of it. I could handle it. My hands big enough to deal with it. Oh, glory to God. This is what I want you to do to be dependent upon me. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God looking through the blood. Hallelujah. He doesn't see you no more as a sinner. He sees you redeemed. You're redeemed because he sees you through Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. That's not enough. Amen. And just now you I don't want to rebuke you, but amen means that you are confirming that you believe that word. Hallelujah. When you don't say amen, the devil say aha, I back in you. Amen. It's you confirming the word to be God. You are saying this is my truth and the truth is what sets me free. I will say it again. God sees you through Christ. Don't like 75%. Praise God. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. I say it again. Just one more time. Hallelujah. This morning, right now, God not seeing you with your glasses, with your extra hair on, with your special hair, with your stockings, with your shoes, with your tie. He's not seeing your color clothes, with your cologne, with your perfume. He's not seeing that. with your brand new shoes. [Applause] Right now, he is seeing you through Christ. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Oh, thank God for the blood this morning. Oh my Uh-huh. Okay. So, God looking through the blood. Amen. He doesn't see you no more as a sinner. All right. He sees you as redeemed. You're redeemed because he is always He always I missed that word. He always sees you through Christ. That's the reason we can be perfect. Not perfect nose, perfect mouth, perfect teeth. You will get perfect wrinkles, perfect ball head, perfect gray hair, and you will go to a perfect grave. So, forget about it. We are not talking about this physical thing, this natural thing. We not talking about that. [Applause] Not perfect in the sense of sinless. All right. All right. We are perfect in the eyes of God when we are in Christ. That's the reason he said be there for perfect as your family is perfect. He doesn't mean walk with a long gong and a beard and do your hand like that. He doesn't mean that. [Applause] It means you are going to be in him. [Applause] When he died at Calvary, yes, he made a way. He gave up his spirit. The Holy Spirit sent it back on the earth for you to live by. That's what Calvary means to us to follow him. Yes, sir. Okay. Now, we have got to accept it. And to accept it is to accept his person in our hearts. Then we are free from sin. The perfect sacrifice made us perfect. For Jesus said, "Be therefore perfect even as your father never is perfect." There is no more to be done. But we are made perfect in the presence of God. Now there is where we lose our position. Hallelujah. If we don't watch, we try to look back to what we was. And as long as we look back to what we was, the sacrifice means nothing to us. You know, it come like you're smoker, you're a drinker, you're a real terrible person. And God come in his mercy and love and get saved. I get baptized and you, oh, since you wash my sins away and leave your burden down by the riverside and so on, fall carry them no more. And you're feeling in love with Christ. All the birds, all the birds looking fresh on you. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Everybody is brethren. People hugging you and loving you and whatnot. After a few little trials and what different things you feel is so strong, you start to make your point, start to get arrogant and what not. And afterwards, afterward something happen next, you start to look at yourself and you start to perfect yourself. You start to think for yourself and and carry on with yourself. That's not what God wants. He wants you dependent on him. Surrender to him. Heal it to him. He love you just when you first come to the Lord. You don't take a little baby and say, "Baby, walk." Baby can't talk. God ain't taking no Christian baby, no small babe in Christ and say walk, speak the word. You can't talk. You don't even know God say. Hallelujah. So as far as God is concerned is bottle of milk for you. The sincere milk of the word. That's what you need until you grow in God that he can handle more stuff. As you grow is not less stuff, it's more. Amen. Because he want more from you. We are at the end of the age at the end of time. He want manifestation from you. That mean we have to become the word. We have to become like Christ. We have to walk like him, talk like him, act like him. We have to be perfect like him. Not sinless perfection. Oh the Lord. [Music] So watch. Lord. Hallelujah. Can you see a church? Amen. I would not try the job. There's no need of trying. You're lost to begin with. As long as you look to what you have done, but don't look to what you've done. Look at what Calvary did for you. It paid your price. It settled the question. Your sins be a scarlet. They'll be white as snow, red like crimson, white like wool. Then you have no sin. You're perfectly sinless. No matter what you have done or what you do, you're still sinless. As long as you have accepted Jesus Christ as your savior, your sins are forgiven. Anything that's forgiven is remitted and forgot about. Hallelujah. What does it do? It gives you after the condition, his spirit to follow him and do as he did. He was just one man, a perfect man. He gave his life. He made an example for you that we must do. The first thing I want to say is Jesus, here we go, never live for himself. Aha. So, as we say this, you have to examine you. Jesus never lived for himself. His life was spent for others. Amen. That's perfect eternal life. When you say you go to church and you do good things, that's fine. But when you live your life to yourself, you haven't eternal life. Eternal life is living for others. [Applause] Husband, love your wife. That is for your wife. Wife uh obey your husband or respect your husband or reverence your husband. That is for you the wife. So I will salute all those sisters who find yourself their spirit in the Bible. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Your husband could testify about your subjection, about your behavior, on your attitude. If God give your husband to correct your papers, he have full marks to give you. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Start to get light. And if God give the wife the paper to correct the husband, he she has full marks to give because he's loving his wife. He's cares for his wife and so on. She, you know, was God not giving the husband to correct his own paper. People don't do you don't do that. You don't give the children the paper and say correct correct it. They will all put 10 on it. They won't even look at it. They will say for pass pass. Hallelujah. Amen. But God will give the wife. God will give the husband. I say how how do they fear? Well, my goodness, my husband, he is such a Abraham. I want to be a Sarah. Oh, God. Could somebody say amen? Hallelujah. He's such an Abraham. I want to call him Lord. Oh, you're not hearing what I'm saying. Oh, Jesus. Hallelujah. I don't want to go there. I don't want to go there. You don't want when the wife but the husband he who he don't want that when God ask your husband who she No, you don't want that. You want your spirit to be in the scriptures because God going to bless his word. And once your spirit is in the word, I don't care what I'm said. Give me a housewife. Give me a farmer. Give me a preacher. Any man that will put God first. I will show you somebody that will be successful despite all what the devil come against them. Glory. Hallelujah. In other words, God want to make it his proof. Amen. Jesus is alive. How how we know that? You you you vindicating he is alive. You are confirming your life confirms that he is alive because your life is being changed. Oh, do you believe that? Do you receive that? Now here we go now. So watch his sinless nature express God's word. Oh my. He was the word. So God expressed himself by his sinless nature. Now look, let's go deep. Amen. Notice his sinless nature expressed what he was. If his sinless nature, God express himself through that sinless nature, it shows that our nature is evil. Amen. 10% say, "Amen." Your nature will be real good boy. Hallelujah. His nature was sinless. Proving our nature is evil. In case you forget, let me remind you that we were born in sin and sh I know sometime we forget that because we we go to church and we are Christians. Amen. Amen. Glory. But I want to remind you that you was born in sin and shaped in iniquity and happened to come into the world without your mother teaching you speaking lies. And that is because of a nature issue. Hallelujah. So Christ come to address that nature issue that you could be transformed and and Peter said by these promises we become partakers of his divine nature. No you have a natural faith a natural virtue a natural kindness a natural this and natural that that is still you. That's not his nature. He have to firebomb that. He has to blow that up. So on your patience patience you're playing patient. You're playing patient and then somebody just rock you off your own patience. You say you can't stand it no more. You're fed up. You can't take it no more. Your patience run out. But his patience can run out. It's the patience of Jesus Christ. Could somebody say amen? Oh hallelujah. This is making it real. His virtue. Amen. His knowledge. Praise God. His temperance. Praise God. Hallelujah. His charity. Everybody say charity suffered long and it's kind How long you suffering? You you you suffering short and and and and charity suffering long. So if you suffering short you you start yet because charity suffered long and it's kind affects suffering here. You want to fight back? No. And it's kind a classy kind of suffering because it's bringing out certain things out to you. [Applause] You can't go to the hospital and doctor give my sticky doctor. Doctor, I want the red one. That that thing sweet. That thing in that bottle there. I want I do like that black looking one. Give me the red one. Why doctor say what you come to me for? Take whatever you want. Fix yourself. It cannot be that. When the doctor put all his instrument and say your heart, your this, your that, you need this. You see a needle long like that. Hallelujah. He say I want a short needle. He say this come to this long needle one. Said Doc. He said turn your eyes. If you really want to be cured, you really want the help, you have to get the long needle. You have to get this particular tablet. You have to get this operation. You have to get this. You have to get that. Will you come to the gospel? Dr. Jesus is here this morning. And when he use his sword, which is his word, he make a clean cut. Don't move. Don't do like it's not to you. It's you. Say amen. When he cut, you'll be healed one time, too. Hallelujah. Cut off the excess flesh. Cut out the world. Cut out the fear of the world. Cut out all unbelief. Put a desire back in your heart, in your spirit. We are going to have a revival. So watch if it all right. So it shows when it is evil and no matter how much Here we go. No matter how much we try to patch it up. Amen. Amen. You could tie it up, jack it up, long dress it up, mess it up. Wear book, wear tie, wear pin my Jesus loves me and all kind of thing like that that have nothing to do with nature. Not much hypocrites behind that. No, it's bad behavior behind that. So, we not talking about that. So, be real people. God going to change you and transform you. That's why God love I could see why God loved Jacob. He was real. He was really out to trick everybody could trick. He wasn't making plain with no trick. He wasn't part tricks and 10% tricks. 100%. Father, brother, mother, sister, anybody at all ripping them off. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise God. That was Jacob. And God said, "Jacob, I love because one thing with Jacob, he's focused. He want to be the best thief, the best con man, the best." He's focused. But when he get transformed, he's focused too. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. When you're half-hearted, half dead, half lukewarm, no ambition, no desire. That's why That's why God just spew you out anymore. He can't handle it. Can't He want people on fire. Praise God. I see people have earring in their ears, their nose, their mouth, their head, their lip all about. Say, "Look, they can't look at them for too long." Hallelujah. It's like demons in the flesh. And they have to pip out somehow with all the tattoos here left, right, and back and center. And the Christians, they're being shy. Oh, good Lord. Express Christ, give a testimony. Let the glory of God show in your face. Y t on your back. But praise God. Let see people see the glow of God upon your life that they want to be like you. You could be so salty that you're going to affect people around you to get thirsty. They want to know why you go to church. They want to know how what do you believe. They want to know why you are like that. Why you walk like that? Why you dress like that? Why you are so [Applause] different. We are different. We are Christians. We're not Trinidadians. We're not black people, white people, red people, brown people. We are Christians. I cannot be in white flesh. This is not me. You see, there's a house. Come on now. You understand that? What you see here is a house. A temp. Hallelujah. Not even a permanent one. [Applause] Hallelujah. So I look at this house. I said this house getting old boy and I can't paint it over. I can't repair the roof. I can't make one year gray, one year black. [Applause] My God, I'm having myself a time. But I'm going to be perfect. through Christ in Christ we are going to be perfect. How many feel revived this morning? Glory to God. How many feel that going free this morning? Glory to God. Hallelujah. Now, now if God see us that way, get his bum coming now. I wonder if we could get God glasses to see each other. [Applause] 5%. So you see how God is be upset about self-righteous people who really think they're on Moses seat and they could judge anybody. Hallelujah. How do you think the message world will judge a woman at the well? is only because the record there how Jesus handled that they could talk about but let that come back again that trouble you know I could go on and on in scripture to show action attitude behavior life that's what I'm saying it's it's good to look back in the records of David and Samson and different things and so they stand up and and and and and and and and and and Samson say once more Lord and whatn not and whatn not it's good because you could read that you could rejoice about that but but you could you think you're losing your eyes and making a jail sentence and coming out to serve God and say Lord once more no fiery furnace die for the three Hebrew boys Hallelujah that is for them lion that's your Daniel not for you you want to see birds But it's fine. Oh, look at those pretty birds. Daniel, he he okay with the lion's den. Table boys, he they fiery furnace. You want a free pass. You want God to say as you pass pass. Don't let Daniel see you. Don't let charge of mission see you. Just pass behind there. Nobody gets a free pass. I want a bigger amen than that. No son or daughter gets a free pass. Every son that cometh to God must must must be tested. Must be track must [Applause] Amen. So watch. So no matter how much we try to patch it up, how much we try to I like this word indocument it with other things. That's a word, but there's the prophet word indoc. It's got to become sinless like he was. Then God's word can flow through it. That's a big one. He is saying we got to become sinless like he was. Let's go down deeper. That don't mean perfection in yourself. You can't be that. Amen. Then he said even our people are getting from the practice of holiness. Holiness have to be practiced. It's a choice action for you to sanctify yourself. Turn your hair some filthy woman. Amen. Go in the right places. And so that is something that you have to do. Nobody can do that for you. You have to do that. You have to overcome. You have to fight. You have to get off your laziness and say, you know what? Enough is enough. Deadness finish. Bad attitude finish. Enough is enough. My mind have to transform. God transform my mind. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. Sinless nature expressed the word of God so much that he and the word was one. He said, "I and my father are one. I always do that which pleases and my father one." He was so perfect in the image of God until he and God was expressed the same thing. He was the flesh. The son expressed the deity of God. So that made him deity in man in order to redeem man. He and the word was one. Now I am not sinless. Brother Abraham speaking. I got plenty hanging on me and every hour I confess it constantly. Amen. Now that has to do with our with relationship with God. This is not church now because you come to church once every Sunday and if you look sharp once every two Sundays or once every three Sundays and sometime you don't come Thursdays and you don't even call the fact what happen if the pillar of fire come down and divide itself and you miss your portion or your portion is on its way or the pillar of fire stays to tell you that you have to come back the next Thursday in the prayer meeting to get your fire and get your portion you don't even trust it you just don't come and you know what I mean is okay because you have to you know what I mean but the thing of it is come on Hallelujah. You have to have a relationship with Christ. Notice we ain't talking about doctrine. Cuz today people talk about doctrine. You got to believe this. You don't believe this. You're out of it. You believe this and you believe this. But do you believe Christ? Receive Christ as a relationship. My my my. Now when I see my wrong, then I turn from that and I try to do what's right. I wouldn't try to go to heaven on my marriage. I wouldn't get there. I am trusting solemnly in Jesus Christ. Amen. He's my trust. That's what I want you to trust. The merits of him. And you know you are getting there is when here we go. When every word you punctuate it with an amen 10%. Amen. So you know something some of them not not there yet because we know you're there when you could punctuate every word. When the word hit you, you amen. It cut you, you amen. It slice you, you b amen. It hit you hard, you still say amen. Because it's the word. I ain't talking about clap. Clap is fine. We want you to clap too. We talking about your mouth saying the four be said amen. That's right. The four be said amen. 24 elders they said amen and hallelujah and glory. The one say clapping the lamb take the book. He is worthy. Oh yes. worthy lamb. And again, baby clap, finger clap. No, no, no. Them fellas cast out the crown and had us jump and shout and praise God because we know we shall reign on the earth. Oh, hallelujah. Those those guys saw it and they broke into the spirit realm. That's what you got to do. You had to loose yourself in the spirit of God. I ain't coming to get fight with no congregation. No, I stop that long time. I come to jam them demons right off of you. When I come here, I come with a sword. Glory to God. I don't back down. You know, you could stare me hard. You could I would get your mouth open. We will drop bombs upon your life. Yeah. Bomb after bomb after bomb. Glory to God. You would wake up. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's what we're here for. To cast devils out. Oh hallelujah. Glory hallelujah. So watch because the word itself is trying to vindicate itself. And if we deny the word, how can it be vindicated? So when you don't say amen, God even show you believe what you're hearing. Oh, amen means so be it. So when you say amen, the heaven record, they say amen. They say amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. When you walk out the church, the devil say, you know, they say amen for all of that. Let me walk for if they really believe them. Amens. Oh my. I'm I'm enjoying myself. We going to give the devil a run for his money. Oh yes. We going to have smoke in his face. Oh yeah. When we leave here, we have to leave here with power, man. We can't leave here dry dry. You don't want to leave here. Can I go on here? I go on rapture. I go on. What? What? What is that? What is that? After all the hell the devil give us all these years, we must give back some thunders. We have seven of them to deal with. Hallelujah. Oh, give the Lord some praises, people. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. This bride is not going to be easy. This bride going to be missing Jesus Christ. Oh, hallelujah. We have some things to handle. Yes, we have some work to finish. Jesus didn't finish his work on the earth. He leaves some work for the bride to do. We have some devils to handle. We have some gates to possess. God told Abraham and th seed shall possess the gates of the enemy. Jesus walk into death and possess it. The bride shall not see death. The grim reaper have to battle. You have to turn back. You have to run. Hallelujah. Because the bride is going to be changed. There is going to be a people transformed, transfigured, raptured off the earth. Oh, glory to God. And as we near the headstone, we're going to be a super race. We're going to be a super church. God set. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Oh, those devils getting off of you right now. That's why you have to praise God. Oh, [Applause] hallelujah. Oh, you may be seated. What trials, what trials you have been through that you can't worship and praise God this morning. What's so hard? What's so bad? You're not in Iraq. Hallelujah. You're not in Syria. Bombs falling, men shooting, all kind of like that. Hallelujah. You not in those countries. You are right here blessed. Glory. Freedom of religion. Let us still shout. Let us still worship. Nobody bang in your hand. You have no bad luck on your [Applause] mouth. Jesus said, "Who the son of man set free?" Oh, could you give the Lord a shout in the [Music] house? See, I don't care how sick I am. I will let the devil know whose side I'm on. Hallelujah. Praise God. Let the devil know who side you're on. You on the shouting side. You on the praising God's side. You are the pull along a stronghold side. You are the son of Shadrach, Mach, Abedneo, Barack, Gideon, Jeffi, Samson, David, [Applause] Ezekiel. Oh hallelujah. All along is pressure. You may be seated. Hallelujah. The blind man get healed and then far as he tells them, say God heal you. Say God heal you. All right. Because that man feels he a sinner. Because our doctrine teaches that. Amen. Amen. Our church teaches that. Amen. That man Jesus a sinner. The man said, "Listen, I don't know what I don't know what happened. Whether he's a sinner or not, I don't even know." I don't even know. I have made a man long enough to even understand about the man. But one thing I know, one thing I know. I once was blind, but now I seen I seen it. I seen it clearly. I seeing the vision. I seeing the Holy Ghost revival. I'm seeing dynamics of the mechanics. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Jesus. Jesus is our example. Amen. We handle a prostitute. Amen. We handle a little drunkard. Hallelujah. How we handle the tax collector. Hallelujah. How we handle even taxes. All right. He's our example. Nothing intimidate him. Nothing. They come to trick him. Shall we uh shall we pay taxes to Caesar? Trying to get you the politics. Political question. J say you have a coin. Say yeah. You say whose image in that? You say Caesar. He say well render unto Caesar. Is not my face on that. Caesar face on that. Why you want to bring that to me? Give Caesar what is Caesar. But give God what is good. My God make my feet this morning. My God help me Jesus. Lord time to try to trap Jesus. My Jesus is trying to trap him. Amen. Keep slipping out. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, he's a genius. He's a master. Not not another man ever walked the earth like that man. You said never a man spake like that man. Oh hallelujah. He calmed the sea. Oh, he opened the blind eye. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Praise God. He raising the dead, healing the sick. Nothing is intimidating him. My God. On the Sabbath day, they rip off the roof, let down a man on a on a stretcher. Praise God. I miss Jesus preaching and say, "But oh God, why didn't call the ambulance? You have to bring the man here or you wreck them off here. Get them out." [Applause] Deacons not Jesus. Hallelujah. I love how we operate. Amen. Every situation is a mind of God. Every condition there's a intelligence that could address your situation today. You may not connect to it yet, but in your situation right now, right now, right now, I don't care if it's marital. I don't care if it's family. I don't care if relationship. I don't care if it's on a job. In your situation, there's an intelligence to address it. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Do you believe that? Do you believe that? [Applause] [Music] [Applause] right now. Sickness is being challenged right now in the in the service right now. Diseases are being challenged right now in your body. The anointing is shaken every condition in your system right now. [Applause] [Music] You believe God could re release a dose of blessing over your life. [Applause] David said, "My cup run over. My cup run over." That mean God bore and pour so much that he couldn't even handle all. Come on, can't even handle all. Oh God, send down the rain. Be seated. [Applause] I I hope you make ready for what God is about to do. You know, I hope so. You know, I hope you come like them that that like that rat in Egypt, he said in the bands, their mouse and they chinks in one grain, one green, one run green because they're afraid the grain run out, whole big band of grain. The run will dead before the rat will die before the green run out and they chinxing chinxing chinxing. God over your ch. Go over here, take your eagle beak and rip off meat. Rip off your blessing. My God. Hallelujah. As I tell you, you must ask God so much. He must say, "Ask a hard thing." I only ask him easy things. God bless me. God help me. I want a little something here. God multiply my bread twice. God, give me half a fish on top of fish. That's all. That's all. times two. Jesus take five of loss, two fishes, feed 5,000 and remain 12 baskets. That's all you want. Ask what you will. Some of you so backslitting you don't even know what to ask. You're stumped when if God say ask what you will. You're backslitting. You should be asking. You should it should be top of your lip. The the amen the amen is going to give 40%. I caught you this morning. Your tongue should be so askish. I know there's not a word, but God should say you have a hot tongue. Don't give hot tongue to your husband. Don't give hot tongue to this one and that one. Give it to God. Tell God, Lord, you promise Holy Ghost. Promise revival. You promise breakthrough. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Send it up there. God will tame your tongue. You may be seated. Yeah. Yeah. Abraham had a little tongue, you know. Amen. Yeah. He tongue was a little hot. Hallelujah. God said I'm going to bless you and bless you and bless you and and Abraham say, "Lord, what you going to bless?" See, I go tireless. Go say, "Oh, you sure you're talking? Come outside. Check check them stars. Check them stars, old man. Check them stars. So shall your seat be. I am good and I spoke it and my word shall not return void. Oh, glory to God. [Applause] You you forget who we dealing with. You know, it's not just a record. You open the Red Sea. It's a sea, you know. It's not a ravine. It's not It's not like a trickling like a some little bay and little river. It's the sea, you know. Hallelujah. 2 million people back against the sea. All right. Pharaoh behind them. Mountains on both sides and God is still God. A way maker, but it look like no way. Somebody try to cut you off here. Somebody's promot somebody in the job ahead of you here. Something happened here. Some neighbor playing some big loud music down the street down there and God just said, "What you want? You want to move the man? You want to sell the house? You want the owner? Get somebody else to rent that will not play that kind of music. Come on now. Come on now. Ask what you will. You want a promotion? You want to raise a pay? You want to improve your life? Come on now. Come on [Applause] now. Oh. [Applause] What do you want? Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. What do you want? What do you want this morning? What do you want this morning? Hallelujah. What you want this morning? You You got to speak it. You You got to ask it. What do you want this morning? Do you want deliverance? Do you want that evil spirit to come out of your life? Do you want to be free from the devils that tormenting you all these years? Do you want it finished with, over with? Done with? Oh, glory to God. Somebody give the Lord a shout of praise. [Applause] Jesus. Hallelujah. He was the word in full. The word of God flow through him so freely that he could speak the word it will create. Amen. That's how powerful it was through Jesus. And he knew it. When at that Lazarus day he said, "Father, I pray I know you always hear me. but for those around. And so he knew he knew the power of his words. When the Lazarus is dead and he said he sleepeth, I go wake him. He he knew he knew the power of of the words in his mouth. It was so powerful. One day he sit back and heaven will heaven and earth would pass away but my words will never pass. That that's the power that was in his mouth. Amen. And that coming to sons of God in the last days. Amen. So how would God entrust men with such power if they have no character? [Applause] So a man don't like me. You know what they will do? Speak me out of existence. They say I ain't like to you over it. Disappear. It's only that right now when they speak them things, it just their words just disappearing cuz just human. God not even bothered with that. God not even honoring that. So I could see the burden of God all these years was to get his word in his people because he really want to entrust you with power. And but Stephen brought a tremendous exhortation on Sunday. receive on Thursday night that God's pleasure is to see you adopted. It's the good pleasure of his will. God is getting excited. [Applause] Did you get that? God himself is getting excited because the pleasure, his pleasure is being fulfilled. When you see sons coming into maturity, sons coming in character, sons with a burden of the word, with the burden of God. I always do that which pleases my father. Some I was preaching, how could you please God if you don't know his will? If you don't go into his word, how will you know his will? You need to get the word to know his will because his word reveals his will and that is how you please him. You can say pleasing God, Lord. That's the whole thing with with with with um Abel and Kane and Abel. God say offer something and and and and Abel just bring flowers and say, "Well, take that. I I feel led to drop that on you." Flowers, fruits, and what? Can do that. Abel, take a lamb. It not looks so pretty. Take a rock, slash the throat, blood come out and God rejoice over that. He say Abel offer a better sacrifice than Cain and K. So God reject King offering King get rot. God said listen G. Listen G you don't even need a revelation. Just do what you brother do and you get the same blessing he get. You don't even need a revelation. He did it. I confirm it and bless it if you do what he do. He shout, you shout. He prays, he prays. He pray you pray. He press you press. Come on now. Come on now. Help me somebody. You hearing all of this and you God don't want your keep your keep your M. Keep it. God don't need it. He want to hear your mouth. Shout out. I beg you to shout. Shout and the wall is going to come tumbling down. Hallelujah. Glory. What did prophet say about adoption? He want to say there is my spirit flowing freely not doctrine being taught teacherally like brother John said a powerful thing in Cameroon he said before you could speak the truth in love you have to have a love of the truth I just love that I must love that before you could speak the truth in love. You see, many men speak lovely the truth. But you have to have a love for truth, a love for what is right, a love for what is principle, [Applause] glory, we are different. Amen. You know that, right? Amen. So he was perfect in harmony with him and the word was so perfectly until he created whatever he done. He and the word become one. He the bridegroom took away your shame. Amen. And put it in the sea of forgetfulness. Amen. By the washing of the water of the word of God. Hallelujah. Listen. So now we understand is not sinless perfection. Now we understand righteousness doesn't mean no sin in that sense because the confession is through the blood through Christ. Now you're going to get this quote. Let me see what he going to do for you. This is from Invisible June and the bride. He said you are standing completely justified as though you never did it at the beginning. Amen. This is my message to the church. He said if you are standing on God's word with God's word amen every turtle. Well, I'm telling you, pull away from the shocks. Get out there in the wheat where you can write before the sun. I hear the coming of the combine. You are standing complete justified, not forgiven. There's a bigger word than forgiven. Justified means you never did it. So when Satan bring up his his his confirmation sheet and the evidence of all what he recorded you doing at his tape recorder cuz he videotaping and he's the accus of the brethren and he come to play it back. Go say where, when, how, who, and God say, "Well, Christ died at Calvary, shed his blood, paid a price." All of a sudden, Satan's screen goes. He said, "Where as he called about the blood on the cross, Satan know what happened? He can't see it. He can't see your sins. He can't see where you fall. Can't see where you're failing. He can't see anything. Go go go go go take all your sins and drop it sees it. Drop it in the sea of forgetfulness. Listen, he had drop it that it floating, you know, because it float and Satan could pick it up. So he had to drop it with some kind of rocks. Maybe the rock is Christ and he just drop it, drop it, drop your sins down in in the sea of forgetfulness. Satan can't find that. Therefore, you could free to wave your hand. You free to say amen. Glory, hallelujah. You free to worship. You free to smile. Some of you smiled good for a long time. Baby smile, baby smile. No, you're free to laugh. Hallelujah. Because you are free. You're free to have joy. You may be seasoned. Your joy is not in your husband. Your joy is not in your wife. Your joy is not in your children. Your joy is not in your money or your pay packet or your job or your house or your land or your car. That's not your joy. Christ is your joy. Christ becomes your rock. He's your fortress. He's your deliverer. He's your strong and mighty tower. In him will I put my trust. Oh, some trusted army and horsemen, but I trust in the Lord. Glory. Talk about thanksgiving. You are the pure, virtuous, sinless bride of the son of the living God. Every man that's born of the spirit of God, watching, blood of Jesus Christ, believes the word, stand as though you never sin at the first place. You are perfect. You are standing completely like you never sin in the first place. God don't even know it's in the sea of forgetfulness. Not even God could remember it. Amen. You are the virtuous bride of Christ washing the blood of Christ. Precious virtuous sinlessness. You see God telling me that. God telling you that. Amen. This is why say the bride, she is the one that is the called to perfection. Some people call to for church. They love church bad. You can't get church out the system. Tell them the word. that's not important to them. They love church. They like the singing. They like the pastor. They like the the believers. They like they like how the thing go and whatnot. Some people like the old time way, the old time way, the old time songs. As I said, all the juice squeeze out of those songs. They sing it so long, so much. It have no more juice in it. You can't get virtue from the songs no more. When they bring a new song, they get fight. But the old song is like old tradition. on the old time and you know the devil is staying old time you see that's the whole point the devil not saying old time I test lutter so I had to get him a lutheran test devil not in that you know devil know all what he loose and lut for lut you know cuz I was horse and buggy when this internet age where the don't even know what is they have a book just now. They they wouldn't even know the spin page. They only doing the tablet. So true. Like they born and they only seen a tablet in front of them. So the pressing like the age in that present age and you want to have the old time prayer Lord you know how it is pressure. And when God started to hear you pray that God has been here, God feeling shame for a son in this last day to be talking that kind of talk. It's almost embarrassing when you supposed to be coming with a revelation of the blood. when you should be coming with a direction of authority. When the child comes sick in your house or your neighbor sent for you and you could go and say by the authority vested in me as a son of God in Jesus name, get out Satan. [Applause] God must be able to find you anywhere and you are ready to utter a prayer unto good. That's the life I'm talking about. That's the life worthy of the gospel of Jesus Christ. Not when they call you I I can't come now, you know. Um because I I feeling good in my heart. So what you going to church for? Who supposed to feel good? The piper drug addict might marijuana. You you coming to church, you supposed to have a hard thing like people God supposed to be sending people to you. Listen, God sent an aposome for the prophet to pray. Animal and all coming to the prophet. Look, I read some on the internet today some a elephant. A elephant was shot. Nobody know the elephant shot. And the elephant went up a hill by a whole bunch of people to get help. They said normally an elephant would stay down on the plane and whatnot. And the man know something was wrong. They sent for a doctor. It become when they check out the elephant was shot and whatnot. Elephant train treat him or whatn not. Elephant they say the intelligent animal. Amen. Elephant get shot and say you know what I going strong. I ain't call the pastor. I ain't calling no elder. I pray God for myself afterwards. Boop. Elephant dead. That's what we here for. You're sick, call the elders. You're in trouble, call somebody. Don't just sit there and die. Do something. But I don't want to disturb you. So why you calling me for? This what I'm here for? to be disturbed. As long as I am not disturbed like a disturbed mind or a disturbed man, but I'm here to be disturbed. I'm here to take up a responsibility. That is why you identify yourself to belong to this church. You ask to be a member of this church. You pay your tithes, your offering in this church, then I'm responsible. Then you have issues, you have challenges. That is where you get a phone call, you call, you want to see the pastor, you want to talk, you want to relate, you want help, and sometimes a word comes. Many time people come in the office and they get a direct word from the Lord and not even thinking but because God sees your need. He has to use a vessel. He has to use an office. He has to use a position. That's what it is about. So when you sit down in your human spirit thinking I want to do this, I want to do this. How it going to look? How you going to look? How you going to look when you look like a pretty corpse? Amen. Don't just sit there and die and live. God want you alive. You can't praise him in the grave. Come on now. Listen. Somebody could be 92, 95, 95, 96 years old. You don't hear him say looking at the dead boy. Where'd he go from? They're looking to see the next birthday with cake and candles to blow out. Some of you want to look more dead than them. That's why I can't handle the dead young people and even dead old people and all. We not supposed to be We not supposed to be addressing dead. We not supposed to be preaching to the dead. The dead is here to be raised up. Nobody should leave your dead. If you're dead, you're supposed to be resurrect by the time your service is over. If you're backslanting, you want to be restored. If you're a sinner, you want to be saved, but you're here to enjoy the Lord. Oh, glory to God. Enjoy his covering and blessing. You are covered this morning, you know, by blood. But I know some of you don't understand that yet. But the devil's job is to make sure you don't get understanding. Amen. Amen. To be blindsided where you don't have full information that you could be sidetracked and knocked off the position that you're in. Hallelujah. If the devil could get you to believe your sword is a butter knife, then they wouldn't use it as a sword. You see that long thing you have there that could do a good butter. Look the badger in here. Look the blue bar here. Dip it and p your bread with that. If you listen to that devil, you will take a sword and find yourself sticking the knife. So, and buttering your bread quite here. Use a butter knife for that. But when you understand the word is a sword. And when you pick it in the hand, the hand of faith is what going to conquer that devil and recognize you are sons and daughters of living God. You're not children. You're not babies. Praise God. You're not idiots. Come on now. You're not just dumb dumb people. Glory to God. God bless you with sense and understanding. God called you into this message that you could be shaped, that you could be formed, that you could be honed, that you could be cut, that you could represent him on the earth. You're not a church boy. You're a son of God. You're a good man. Come on, give the Lord a shout. You're not ashamed of the gospel. You are happy to be in the gospel. I am not ashamed of the son of man, nor his words. Oh, glory to God. What a blessed message that we have received from that Malachi 4 Elijah prophet. Oh hallelujah. Thank God for that prophet. [Applause] Oh hallelujah. Oh glory to God. As as as that dragon anointed descends on America. Hallelujah. That land anointed but descend upon the bride. Oh hallelujah. Praise God. I'm going to try to wrap up here at the home stretch. St. John 16 12 Jesus speaks. I have many things to say unto you, but you cannot bear them now. Amen. Amen. I like that. In other words, I wouldn't waste my time talking stuff to you now that you can't handle. How be it when he he the spirit of truth is come he will guide you into all truth for he shall not speak of himself but whatsoever he shall hear that shall he speak and he will show you things to come he shall glorify me for he shall receive of mine and shall show it unto you all things that the father hath are mine Therefore said I that he shall take of mine and shall show it unto you. 1 Corinthians 2:6 to 8. How be speak wisdom among them that are perfect. Amen. Yet not the wisdom of this world, nor the princes of this world that come to know it, but we speak wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom which God ordained before the world unto our glory, which none of the princes of this world knew. For had they known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory if they knew it. Amen. If they knew it, they wouldn't crucify the effect of the word upon the people. Amen. Because we supposed to be looking for a seventh and bright revival. Amen. If they knew it, they wouldn't crucify the effect of the seven seal upon the people. If they knew it, they wouldn't crucify this message the way they have. Amen. And reduce it to denominational denomination where you just have the books and the tapes and the prophet and man just say a few things. Couldn't have done that. Listen to what the saying margin divorce. Know that the seals are open. Amen. Amen. The spirit of truth directs us to the word. Yes, sir. Oh, give the Lord a praise. Did you hear that? Okay. Ride with me for the home stretch. Now, now that the seas are open, all right, what the spirit of truth cuz remember the same angels come from eternity to gather the scattered word to tie it back into the word to bring down the holy ghost. Amen. So the holy ghost is who opened the seals which was the spirit of truth released to all the earth. So he is saying now that the seals are open the spirit of truth directs us to the word that explain all the mistakes made down through the ages. God never did have any time a group of men to run his church. It always been the Holy Spirit. Amen. The Holy Spirit that's the teacher. When the spirit of truth has come, he will guide you into all truth. Amen. The Holy Ghost alone is the divine revealer of the divine revelation of Christ. Hallelujah. The Holy Ghost alone. So therefore it disconnects this top man, teacher man, best man, more educated man, more learned man or more revelated man. Amen. We know that's not a word but that is what he has talked about. He is more revelated. He have more revelation. Amen. So he's the man of the hour. Yet the Bible talk about doctrines of devils. Devils bringing doctrines to teach. No more talking. No more life to manifest. You believe this. You You don't believe. You're out of it. Who you believe? Where you believe? Where you believe? As if the death angel when they come, they say, "We believe. We believe. We believe." Oh, you don't believe that? Boom. That angel say, "Who?" Come, come. We believe. We believe. No. All was commissioned is when I see the blood pass over. Amen. So all of them were teaching and they doctrine and they the vets because they vets because we're not riding with their doctrine and teaching. It's foolishness. In London, England tell them when imagine when the beast had to ride and and and and they tighten up and whatnot. Somebody come with some coach go a prefer in last days the beast will lick them up. Amen. You you can't go with beast system after 50 plus years I talk about go look look a book read it I told them in London you have to become the book by then it's beast power you know is a forcing you know understand this it wasn't easy for those three boys to say we will not bow down we still praying they took a stand they were working with the government and they took a stand and they take the penalty of it fiery furnace they don't care you can be the best worker the best. This when pressure come, pressure come, laws come, laws come. America being wrapped up with laws. They creating the laws that they could shut down the churches. They're creating the laws fixing up homosexuals, fixing up transgender, fixing up everybody else. It's an agenda, loosed by the devil to ensure the Christians are squeezed out according to prophecy that no man buy or sell unless they take the mark of the beast. So they sit here and watch on me. Something is moving, something is turning. But when that bit is perfect, it's come. You have a higher calling. Hallelujah. It's easy to join the church. You could leave this one and join that one and join that one. That's easy. But to answer the call to perfection, that's different. Regardless of that's mean you're going to get your life shake up. What said this way, it means a lot of shaking down for me. It means a lot of shaking up for you. But together we're going to make it by the grace of God. Perfection means shake up. Hallelujah. You cannot continue as you are. Oh my. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. But say, heavenly father, we are grateful to you to know we are living in the last days just before the coming of just one. that wonderful, glorious, loving son of yours, our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, who we love. And we know the Bible speaks of an appearing before the coming. Amen. Listen good. Listen good. Did you hear that? The Bible speaks of the appearing before the coming. And there's a difference in the word appearing and then coming. Now father we realize that the church has come through the stage of justification. Come through the stage of sanctification. Come through the stage of receiving the Holy Spirit. Now the stones are being honed for the fitting of the ministry of Jesus Christ. Wonderful. Amen. So God have to cut men to fit that. Come on. God had cutting the ministry to fit the man. God cutting the man to fit the ministry. Amen. And every man I cut it good enough, he can fit. Amen. Because he had to be fitted in. Oh, give the Lord some praise this people. Now remember, appearing and coming is two different words. To appear and then to come. Now is the appearing. He already appeared in these last days right here with us in the last few years. Now it's a sign of his coming. He's appearing in his church. So we could talk till we blew in the face. We have to see Jesus appear among us. Then we could talk about Christ coming. He has to appear. So all these years ministry of the word, books and tapes and wounds and and whatnot. But now it has to turn into the spirit of God. And you have to create the atmosphere. You have to want it in your house. You have to want this fire in your house. You have to want the anointing in your house. Praise God. Not Hollywood, the anointing, the dove, the pillar of fire, the Holy Ghost. You have to want that at your supper table, at your dinner table, in the bedroom, in the drawing room, in the kitchen, behind the house, all around. You want to be walking with God. Don't shake your head. Say, "Amen." Amen. Now, Christ is appearing in these last days in his church. Here we go. Bringing here the purpose of the appearing. Bringing his church together in unity. Amen. Seven gather together. Yes. And faith. Unity and faith and power in the word all together. So when he returns, he will find the same church. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. We see the evening lights. The Holy Spirit coming in so strong upon his church. Oh, you mean the Holy Spirit has to come so strong. Yes. Are you looking for it? Are you expecting? I couldn't believe the singing I heard this morning. Like everybody was singing. Everybody was in the spirit. That felt so good. When you're like that, anybody out the spirit that's getting in the spirit, too, because your spirit has be just just like that. Just sweeping. It's sweeping. That was rocking this morning, man. Every any minister would like to come in that anointing. That was glorious. Now watch the anointing coming so strong. The Holy Spirit upon the church till the ministry of Jesus Christ is noing amongst the people. They set there with faith. Here we go. Bringing him down power and gifts working among them. Wait a minute. Say that again. They sat there with faith bringing him down. Now you saw deep calling him deep but ra on the platform here and people was pulling the pillar of fire off the platform pulling him down. That means your faith could pull him down. Nobody could stop you. You have the remote. [Applause] You didn't hear what I'm saying? You have the remote to press and pull the pillar of fire. Something went wrong. Something went right. Pillar of fire. Move off the platform. That man across there, he's sick with so and so and so. You are healed. Jesus Christ same yesterday and forever. Come on to the bathroom. Wait a minute. That person there with cancer, that person with leukemia, that person with this, that person with that. What is happening? They have the remote. Faith is the remote. You hear what I'm saying? Press the button. Hallelujah. One time a woman feeling led to pray for a baby next to her. Woman had a child was sick. And then think baby come pray line something like that and bra said the woman uh she said woman the woman prayed for her because God know that woman have more compassion than him. The baby is healed. Watch is not around healing the people. It's the Holy Spirit. God put a burden on a woman to pray for that child. And God used that burden to channel. You see the word is a conductor of the spirit. God have to have a talent to ride on. Right through. God want your mouth. God want your eyes. God want your ears. God want your clothes. God want you. You. You. Oh, give the Lord some praises. God want to use you. I'm not hearing you. God really want to use you. Amen. You see the the true revelation two type three woman Sarah, Hagga and Mary. Yes, three women. Isn't that right? Amen. Mary brought the virgin birth to produce Jesus Christ. Three denominational ages carriers which must die and dry up just like the shock and so forth have to give room for the seed. The seed cannot get ripe until the shock stalk leaves all dry. It saps the very life of it out of them. So that is why after a while the anointing begin to dry up everywhere because the bride start to absorb the anointing cuz the bride becomes the word the seed. That is why you're so word connected, scripture connected, Bible connected, because the Pentecostals ah they couldn't come to perfection with the gifts. No, they rejected the prophet who brought the word. So the Pentecostal couldn't go into maturity. So God lead them there with their gifts and they have big churches, mill empires and God lead them there with that. Amen. So God decided to call us a bunch of people, a bunch of people that going to be pride. He call it bite material that he want to cut out from. Glory to God. Hallelujah. So God come like God rolled out a b and said this is the material I'm going to use. I can't use Lutherans. I can't use Wesleyians. I can't use Pentecostals and bring out a word message to roll out this boat the court and out of a group of the true se of the world out of this court. I'm going to cut out a bride. A pyramid bride, a virtuous bride, a seven thunder bride, an elected bride, a predestinated bride. I'm going to roll out this message court. [Applause] Hallelujah. Let them hear the shout. But I'm going to bring another call, a call to perfection. Oh, glory to God. And the bride going to answer that call. Oh, give the Lord a praise for it. Will you be perfect? [Applause] That's a big challenge. You may be seated. It takes you past pleasing your husband, pleasing your wife. Hallelujah. Takes you to pleasing God. Amen. Hallelujah. Really, really pleasing the Lord. Amen. Takes it past church. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Watch what Ram says here. Now it's sea time. Bright time. Amen. The shocks are dead. The shocks are dried up. Virgin word time. Hallelujah. Not touched. Virgin. Watch. If it's manhandled, it won't be a virgin. If you put the hands of the nomination on it, it won't be a virgin. He said, "Hallelujah. How wonderful. There will be no denominational manhandling in the virgin birth of the bride." Oh, those guys are finished. They are finished. They're going to handle the church, but not the bride. The bride going to answer the call to perfection. Oh, hallelujah. Only Jesus going to make that call. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. [Music] Now watch. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Glory to God. My God. My God. Praise God. Praise God. Job. Hallelujah. He said, "Though the skin won't destroy my body, yet in my flesh, I shall see. God is not right." Isn't that right? So he found out that there was one coming who would bring back perfection to the word of God again. He said I know my redeemer liveth and yet in my flesh I will see God. He seen the perfect one coming. Job being a prophet. The secrets of God is known to the prophets. He spoke the word and when he spoke the word it become material for it was a spoken word of God and in its season happened just like that. Now when he spoke the word the word was a seed and it matured in its season. So when God spoke for us that was had a season it have a season for the bright to come forth that you can't force that right now it's mango season right everywhere have mangoes right now mangoes falling like rain mangoes everywhere everybody selling mangoes why it's mango season 2 months ago you get leaves falling no mangoes but when mango time come mango here mango there mango just about everywhere when adoption time come oh glory to Oh, tuck this on here. Top this on here. Tuck this on here. Come on. You are coming into your season. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Your tears are not in vain. They that swinging tears shall reap in joy. Oh glory. Oh glory. Give the Lord a shout. You may be seated. Yes. Is it all right to pray for your child? The child who want prayers when they up, pray for them when they sleeping. [Applause] If you don't want your lay hands upon them when they up and running around when they sleeping, put your hand upon them. Satan, this is not yours. Not this one here. Claim them. That's your right. That's your redemptive right. The Bible said we are no longer strangers but citizens of the household of God. Citizens have rights. I have a right to joy. I have a right to revival. I have a right to healing. I have a right to breakthrough. I'm a citizen. I am not a stranger. My God. My God. All the illegal people have to be ducking and hiding. Every time I see a uniform immigration officer, they getting frightened. Hallelujah. Driving a car, I drive easy, easy, easy. They feeling guilty. Oh my God. Amen. Because they know they don't really belong. Amen. The papers organized yet for them. Yes. But when you are citizen sometime instead of call the prime minister prime minister call by first name you think a non-citizen could do that wrong with he we what are you doing? Why? Because it's your country. Hallelujah. Big old pothole in the road. They burnt tires. Fix the road. Amen. Block the road up. You can't do that if you're not a citizen. Try that. You get arrested and deported. Only citizen could behave like that. We have a right to protest against unbelief. We have a right to protest against sickness, to protest against evil. We raising up the blackard this morning. No more sickness. We are going to be free. You are going to be healed. Oh, hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. My Jesus. You may be seated. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. My God. When they come to church, come to root for Jesus. Come to back up Jesus. Come to see Jesus score a goal. Come to see Jesus get victory. You come all a glory. Bring your waving hat. Bring your shouting shoes. Bring your hands. Bring your worship. Come on. Bring something for [Applause] [Music] God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. My God. We have come here for a funeral service. We come here to prepare for the wedding supper. The world preparing for a funeral service. The world going downhill. We preparing for wedding supper. Glory to God. You may be seated. But preach here. He said when they go up in the astronaut, they have to rehearse down here. They have to go in a tube with a weightlessness and float and walk. Yes. They get trained to that because up there they don't have gravity and so on. So when the when you have your milk or bottle or juice it flying away from you floating in the air. So if you never test that and experience that when you go up in space and you see your food flying say Lord have mercy I will starve but they train them on earth in that weightless environment. So when the food falling around you have to know how to put your hand how to drink or when the water pelt out to flow in slow motion. You have to know all of that. When you get that skill, then you're ready to go up. So therefore, you must have some seal down here before you go up. You must cast out some devils. You must heal some sick. You must raise some dead. You must ah come on now. Come on now. You must handle a bear. You must deal with a lion. Then it is a Goliath. I'm coming for your head. My my my [Applause] after a while. We said it before some time ago when when they have all the different men trying to be president of America. No bother with them. When they come out to the few, they start to get protection now. Amen. FBI protection, CIA, whatever they have the security protection. Then they get official protection. The people don't control that. You know, the government controls that. They protect that candidate because that may be the future president of America. What about you? You're God's chosen candidate. God already elected you. Nobody can vote for you. Come on now. This is before the foundation. You You should be shouting. Listen, before before the foundation of the world, God already elect you. So he's sending out angelic [Applause] escort. Oh hallelujah. The footsteps of the righteous are ordered. Ordered. Ordered. Ordered. The footstep of the righteous are ordered by the Lord. Woo! Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He will not let you fall. The Lord will keep thee. Oh, he that keep a day will not stumble or sleep. Oh, give the Lord some praises, people. Okay, let's go a little further now. Whoa. Now watch. Unveiling of God. After the stalk has been formed, after after the test has been formed. All right. After the grain has come unto the cup, then it has to come to perfection. Amen. Amen. Amen. So you cannot talk perfection until you see grain. [Applause] Perfection can't be preachers talk. Perfection can't be preached to the the hub. It has to be the grain. Once it come out to grain, you're going to be perfect. Oh hallelujah. Oh glory to God. Hallelujah. Brother Brham unveiling of God. Now when did he reveal himself? In a different form. stalk, tassel, all leaves. He revealed himself. Same spirit, different form. But the last of that corn, it comes back to the original grain. It has to come back to the original. Loud and age. Notice this false vine come into full fruition in this age. Her fruit would mature and ripen. That is correct. This evil spirited church full of iniquity will be revealed as the mustard seed that grew into a tree wearing lodge the fowls of the air. At her head will be antichrist. The mystery of iniquity. All this is true. Amen. And if this is true then it must also be true that the bride church will mature and her rightness shall be an identification with her Lord by means of the word. and her head who is the mystery of godliness. Amen. Which is Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. This false church with all cunning and diabolical power made up of political force. All right. Physical force and demons of darkness. That's the trinity that combines that false church. Political, physical, and demonic. the true vine with the fullness of the spirit and the word will do the very acts and power that Jesus did. Amen. In England, I preach about one body, one spirit and one head. There's only one body. That Jesus is head of. That's the body called the church. That's not a physical body. That's an international bride body. And by one spirit, you are baptized into that one body. And when you get into that body, nobody could pull you out. So the key is to go into the body. Once you're in the body, they could send you in Australia, New Zealand, they could send you to England, China, they can send you anywhere. You'll still be a Christian. You will be a Christian in any church, in any group, in any country, you will still be a Christian. [Applause] Oh my. Listen, we survived in a long time. Yes, our testimony and history on believers, they survived a long time. Abraham survived, his people, his family. Jacob survived. Joseph survived. Come on. The history is already there. They don't care where they put us. In Egypt, we're going to survive. In Babylon, we're going to survive. Oh, they can't out the light. The light just continues on. As they try to cut us out, we pass the torch to somebody else. Hallelujah. Paul passes Irene and Martin and Columb, Luther and Wesley, all them keep passing one to another. Hallelujah. And Wesley pass it to William Brand Pentecostal. [Applause] Pentec down to the resurrection. You hear what I'm saying? Why? Why? Why you running? Because it take perfection to bring resurrection. No perfection. No resurrection. There got to be a people that call to that perfection. Oh, glory to God. In order to bring the resurrection, oh, that people is here tonight. I believe that's you. You are part of that. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So here it is. The true vine with the fullness of the spirit and the word will do the very acts and power that Jesus did. Hallelujah. Then as she nears her headstone becoming like him through the word. Amen. Jesus will come that the bride and groom may be united together as one. Yet it is harvest time. Amen. Then there must come forth a scene in this age. those who will bring the wheat and tears to maturity. The tears are already maturing very fast under corrupt teachers who turned the people from the word. But the wheat must also mature and to her God is sending the prophet messenger with the vindicated ministry that he might be accepted by the elect. They the elect will hear him as the first church heard Paul. Amen. and she will mature in the word. Amen. Here we go. Until becoming a word bride. Amen. The mighty works will be found in her that are always attendant upon pure word and faith. Amen. Your written epistles read of all men. Translate that. Turn it around. You are epistles that have been written. You can't add nothing to it. That's read of all men. Manifested word of God. In other words, Peter and John, Jesus, was manifesting himself through them. Amen. Christ veiled in their flesh, manifested, made alive like he was in Moses. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. So the seed is the word and the God and the and every age have its seed in its time and the people that of that age that manifest that promised word is the seed of that age according to what Jesus said. They are the children of the kingdom. The manifestation of the Holy Spirit operating through his children is those seed of the kingdom of that age. Notice he never talk about doctrine. Right. Amen. The doctrine, the chanting teaching is the manifestation. You see the mystery, the preaching. No, he didn't say that. Come on. Hallelujah. The manifestation of the Holy Spirit operating through his children is those seed. He said now we become tabernacles of that Holy Spirit which is Christ. That's the real seed. Then if the real Holy Spirit, here we go, gets into the real seed, it won't take part of it because the devil uses that. You've got to take all of it. Oh. Or wait a minute, brother O. You mean the devil take part of the message? Of course. God take hold. The word becomes alive in our own flesh and that shows the presence of God. Amen. So as the word becomes flesh, you get more presence. Present. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Did you hear that? As the word becomes flesh, you get into more presence. Amen. Amen. the word coming into your flesh. Then you are walking with the presence of God. And you have to become aware the presence is with you. Amen. Then you become aware, I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. Hallelujah. In trying circumstance, you have to know God is there. You have to strain your head and scratch your head and pull out your hair and bite your nails. God is there. Amen. Hallelujah. So when a man lives by faith and walks by faith, I mean substance faith, he's incisated from the entire world, become a new creature in Christ. There now you are getting into bright material. You're getting into rapturing condition. That means for each one of us, not just the pastor, the deacon or the trustees. It means the lady, every individual walks in a world with God alone. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Every individual what? Walks with God alone. If your family not walking with God, you walking with God. If your good friend not walking with God, you walking with God. If your brother, mother, husband, wife, children, whatever, not walking with God, but you walking with God. You're responsible to walk with God. Not friend first, God first. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. No, you're coming to perfect faith. Perfect for perfection that cannot fail. That faith never fails. He was a mistake. Mystic to the world. Oh my. Oh hallelujah. Could we take a little more? Just a little more. Are we going good? You enjoying the Lord this morning. How many How many thank God you're a Christian? [Applause] Now remember, there won't be any denomination. Watch. Okay. The shocks pulling away. Hallelujah. No cooperation, nothing with it. Always pulls away. There can be no more. It's wheat now. And we are plenty green. Brother Brana. Listen to his description. We are plenty green. We have to lay in the presence of the sun to be mellowed up. Uhhuh. So he's talking about coming into presence and staying there to get mellow. Plenty green. We haven't got and he calling pentigree. Now he's interpreting it. We haven't got the sincerity, the sacredness, the thing we ought to have in our midst. Amen. So coming out of greenness is to coming into sincerity. Amen. Coming into sacredness, coming into respects like I always wanted the church that I serve to be one noted by brotherly love and respects because I know people going to be judged by blaspheming what the spirit of God begin to do. And I was always scared and concerned by people saying the wrong thing. That's why B say something nice, say something good, say something loyal, say something truthful. Don't just loose your tongue and say anything. you would pay for that. But say the right thing and train yourself to speak the right thing because one of these days you might just end up saying the wrong thing at the wrong time and God will judge you right there on the spot for that. You don't want that. Amen. Be humble. Be gracious. Be grateful. Hallelu. Don't be arrogant and puffed up. God looking for somebody. The more he blessed, the more humble becomes. He said usually when people get blessed, they get puffed up. They get arrogant. Two little blessing and they like like like like like like like like like like like like they drowning in blessings. Hallelujah. Amen. A full air of corn. A full wheat boughs. Amen. A empty head stick up. Stick up. Stick up. Stick up. This is how I always know it. I always used to do it. But I'm telling you not that way. But pastor, you know the Lord show me. I am telling you the Lord show you nothing is all puffed up in your mind. It's a religious spirit upon your life that you need to repent of. Because if I am the pastor telling you, you're supposed to listen to the pastor because he is God's mouthpiece servant speaking the word to you. Now, if the pastor is a cuckoo man, that's different. But if the pastor is on the word, that's something else. You can hardly find a man on the word that preaching pure word. They're preaching themselves, the ministry, the position, the organic life. Amen. One brother go to after preach about sub local church trouble trouble trouble. Church is getting real trouble. All them bishops and popes they have down there. They don't want that. They want to take over. They feel is a natural kingdom. You know why? Why want to rule some other church? What why are you trying to rule some other country? That is crazy. China have enough trouble all by itself right there. Amen. At the end of the day, I have to answer for you. I have to answer for what I have done. That's why I say I accept responsibility. It's not you failed. I have failed because I supposed to produce leadership by the Holy Ghost that will inspire you to press on. That's what supposed to be here. I I come to this morning and tell you, could it be? What if it is? But what if it's not? Could it be this? Could it be that? Could it be this? And you your head going so could it be? Could it be? Could it be? Could it be? And we don't even know what what what what's going to be. So I'm not here to preach. Could it be? I'm here to tell you, thus sayeth the Lord. Thus say the Lord is the word. I told his brothers in Africa, I don't study Saturn and Mars and Moon and and I don't even bother with that. No explain star falling this happening and whatnot. I am not an astrologer. I'm not looking up there at all. I have seven stars to deal with in the right hand of almighty God that bring the word for us to the rapture for me to wonder if Mars are a sign this line up this lineup. So could it be so? Could it be so? I I don't know. My faith can handle it. I want to know thus say the Lord that I'm going to have a revival. I want to know dust say the Lord. The anointing here breaking bonds and wickedness and people leaving here transformed those lepers. They say Lord have mercy upon us. They are lepers. You don't hug them up and say come precious leper. You stay far from those folks that high contagious disease. Jesus and all a touch them. He said go and show yourself to the priest. Amen. Amen. This guy just walking. They just walking going down to the priest. Obedience. That's they said all just a little word just just a little word to obey and they walking down. All of a sudden they recognize they healed. They didn't reach they didn't reach the priest. The obedience brought healing. Let me say it again. Obedience brought healing. Obedience will bring healing to your life, your home, your marriage, your situation. Obedience going to bring it. Warn him. Come back and worship Jesus. He say where the rest. He know all heal. Amen. Where the rest? He said your faith has made you whole. Amen. So you see what happened? The rest get blessing of healing by obedience. This one confirmed something more than what they had because this one come back to worship. Come up please. [Applause] And I believe the church is beginning to hear the message, begin to understand it. But friend, we've got to lay in the presence of the sun. We've got to be ripened. Our faith isn't right. Intellectually we hearing the message that God give us. Seeing the signs proven it by the Bible. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Listen to this prophecy. Now listen from God being misunderstood. Listen to brother speaking and he's speaking it. I want to speak it into your spirit, into your heart, into your mind. Now, as your father in the gospel and as your pastor, I would like a little later on when your spirits and gifts begin to come to perfection, did you hear that? He's prophesying. It will come to perfection. If you go to watching them flying loose and getting just watch that person, let it go cuz it's not the spirit of God on them. When they are sweet and meek and humble and ready and everything, that's the spirit of God. If somebody gets out of order and the pastor has to call it down and that spirit flies up, it is not the spirit of God. The spirit of God don't fly up. Amen. The spirit of God always stands and comes to the word. Amen. Every time what is he saying? The gifts order will come to perfection and any rebuke, correction, instruction, the person will humble themselves through the word and they wouldn't keep their self and the way they think and what they feel and they're feeling led. What time we get deal with that feeling led and it's not no letter no lord you know it's a letter of the head margin divorce there is no more shock after the shock is gone it's seed God is ready are we ready if he isn't doing it now he's going to call a church to perfection by his word Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. If he is not doing it now, he's going to do it. Do what? Call a church to perfection by his word, Jesus Christ. So, William Brand message was designed to call a bride to perfection. Amen. Isn't that right? The prophet word was to call us back to perfection. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Do you believe that? Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Oh my. I think I'll just push on here. Now, this great last great step. Okay, he's talking about uh three elements that constitute a birth. Adam had his bride taken from his body. Christ had the bride taken from the body. When Christ died, there was three elements that came from his body. Water, blood, spirit, justification through believing water, sanctification through the blood, and then the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Here we go. Now this last great step must come into perfection that the Holy Spirit has to live in that church so perfectly. So we're not talking about teaching and lecturing and no no we talking about where it comes to the spot where the Holy Spirit begin to come down now and begin to live in the church live in your life. Live in your house live in your home. Your husband could feel it from you. Your wife could feel it from you. your children, you're vibrating of the spirit of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So perfectly make the head and body unit together. See, he is the head of the body. Now, oh my Hallelujah. Okay. Now, the life that was in the stalk and in the tassel in the hus. And the life that was in the stalk went to make another one. Just to make justification make a way for sanctification. Sanctification make a way for the battle of the Holy Ghost. And the baptism of the Holy Ghost made a way for the Holy Ghost itself to come right down to perfection and back to the word again to manifest itself. Oh hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. May the Lord bless you this morning. I want you to understand that this is a different calling all together. This is not visiting the church and you want to have fellowship in the church. No, this is a higher calling than that. This is you want to really connect to Christ. Oh my. Hallelujah. all the time. Your cell phone dead, it's not ringing, your battery dead, you're not even connected to the network, you get cut off from God. Jesus died. Rewired the whole thing. Put a battery in yourself. He activated and said, "Child, you could call me." Amen. He's on the line now. You have the activation. You not just have a pretty phone. It's activated by the blood. Then he's waiting for your call. Why don't you call him this morning? Through the blood. Through the blood. Through the blood. Thing. Through the blood. Through. Through the blood. We can come to presence. Through the blood. [Applause] Jesus hands in a way we can [Music] come true. Turn around and greet somebody in Jesus name. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh Jesus our way and we can go into his home through the Oh, everyone sing through the Oh, through the through the Jesus. Oh, he's made a way. We can come into his breath. Oh, through. Oh, it sounds so good. Just one more time. Through the blood of Jesus. Sing it through the blood. Oh, through the valley. Oh, we can come into his presence. Oh, through the blood. Oh Jesus. Oh, he's made made a way. We can come into his presence all through. Oh, why don't you just worship him this morning in your way? Oh, hallelujah. Thank you for your blood, Lord. Father, you made a way, Lord. Oh that we could come to perfection. You became sin like us. Oh that we could become perfect like you. Perfect through suffering. Perfect through the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh hallelujah. For the remission of our sin to release us from guilt and shame. Oh we thank you this morning. Oh we praise you this morning. Oh give him worship now. You just praise him. Just begin to thank him. Just begin to glorify his name this morning. Oh, thank you for your Holy Spirit. Thank you for your presence. Thank you for your word, Lord, Father. Thank you for your ministry, dear God. Oh, hallelujah. You just begin to worship him right now. You just begin to praise him. Just begin to thank him in your own way. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Blessed be your name, Lord Jesus. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes. Yes. Worship him. Yes. Yes. Praise him. Yes. Let's exalt his name together. Oh, he found you. Oh, and he died for you. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, that we can go into his place. Oh, through the blood. [Applause] [Music] many. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's get ready. Ties you offering this morning. I'm just a nobody trying to tell everybody about somebody. You can save anybody that's bowing. Heavenly Father, we bring your ties your offer before you this morning. Pray your blessing. We pray bless the people as they give. And Lord, may you give back to them, press down, shaken together, running over, Lord, Father. Lord, we pray bless those that don't have to give. Lord, provide for them and keep them. These things we ask impression in your precious name. Amen and amen. Amen. I'm just a nobody trying to tell everybody about somebody who can save anybody. Oh, one more time. Well, I'm just a nobody. I tried to tell everybody about somebody who can say anybody he can say. Well, he can see. Oh, this morning he can say. I know he can sing. your soul. Oh, one more time. Well, he can sing. Oh, this morning he can sing. Oh my go sing it again. But I'm just know trying to tell everybody I know somebody. Oh, who can say any? Oh, sing it again one more time. Well, I'm just a know. Oh, you can praise God this morning. Tell him. Oh, I know somebody. Somebody. Oh, who can save a give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] Oh, found somebody who can save anybody. Amen. You love him this morning. You appreciate the word today. Amen. Appreciate the pastor. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Let us go on to perfection this morning. Amen. Wonderful. Well, let's give me a key for uh bring them in. Bring them in. We have a dedication this morning. I believe they're ready. Amen. So bring them in. Oh, bring hell in. Bring them in from the feet. Oh, we bring Oh, bring to Jesus. Let us bow our heads. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, these parents brought their child into your house this morning to present him before the Lord. Lord, we lift him up before your throne of grace and mercy. We ask that your holy spirit will come down Lord even now upon rain Bruno Marin Lord and you bless him. You protect him from harm and danger, from evil and from sickness, Lord. Anointing this child to grow up, oh God, to be a blessing to, oh God, their parents and to the kingdom of God. And we present the family, Lord. We present the husband and wife before your presence that you'll keep them, Lord, and provide for them. Bless their bread. Bahasa, they will have to give to this child, Lord. We commit them into your hands in Jesus precious name. Amen. [Music] Amen. Oh, bring down. Oh, bring heaven from the feet of s. Oh yes, we bring. Oh, bring. Oh, bring God's little ones to Jesus. [Music] Oh, praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Almighty God, Lord, they will bring children into your house, Lord, that you will lay hands upon them and bless them. And we your hands, oh God, upon this child in the name of Jesus Christ, Lord, oh God, we ask that your Holy Spirit come down upon him, Lord God Almighty, from the crown of his head, oh God, even unto the sole of his feet, Lord, we bring Amara Nicholas before your throne of grace. And we ask you protect him, Lord. You keep him from harm, from danger, from evil. Lord God, you guide his little life that the angel of God will bring to the Holy Ghost to receive the baptism of fire. We commit him into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Bring amen. Oh, bring from the fields of sin. Bring them in. Oh, bring them. Oh, bring the little ones to Jesus. Amen. You appreciate the children this morning. God's blessing be upon them. Amen. Let's sing one more song before we get ready to close out this this morning. Do you love him today? Amen. Amen. Amen. I say yes Lord. You make key for that song. I say yes Lord. I say yes. How many want to say yes to the Lord this year? Yes to the call to perfection upon your life. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That you could live every one of those virtues until he come. Amen. Is that your prayer today? Amen. Let's sing that song together. I say yes. Oh, I say yes, Lord. Oh, I say yes. Oh, to your way. Oh. Oh, I see. Where you lead me, where you lead me. Oh, and I will [Laughter] go. Ooh. And I say yes, Lord. Oh, I see. Oh, one more time. I say yes, Lord. I say yes, Lord. Oh, I say yes. Oh, and to your will, Lord. I say where you lead me, where you lead me. Oh, I will go. Oh, and I say yes, Lord. Who I Oh, one more time with every hand lifted. Oh, I say yes, Lord. Oh, I say yes, Lord. I say yes to your will, Lord. To your will, Lord. [Music] I will [Music] go. Oh [Music] my. Let's just sing it one last time. Oh, I see. Yes, Lord Jesus. I say to your [Applause] will. Oh, I see. Where you lead me [Music] away, I will go. I [Music] see. I say Can we give the Lord a hand of praise this morning? Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, he's worthy this morning. He's worthy this morning. He is worthy this morning. Amen. Can we bow our heads in a word of prayer? We do have one prayer request for Zola Phillip suffering from sickle cell anemia born with a sickness but she believes God can heal her from sister Trisha Puna. Can we bow our heads for a word of prayer? Heavenly Father, we bring Lord this child before you Father. Lord, suffering with the sickle cell anemia. Lord, we pray dear God that right now you would touch her, minister to her, Lord, from the crown of her head to the soles of her feet. Father, may you, Lord, turn this prayer request into a note of praise, Father. And Lord, may you search through the camp this morning. And Lord, if there's anyone sick, Lord, anyone who needs a touch, Lord, the enemy is raging. He's attacking. But Lord, we know there's a bomb in Gileia this morning. There is a great physician that we can access this morning. So we lift up your people this morning, Lord. And we pray that you touch each one from the crown of their heads to the soles of their feet, Father God. Those on the internet, may your healing virtue, Lord, move right now, Lord, to wherever the need is at, Lord. And there's faith, Lord. May you activate the faith of your people. And now as we prepare to leave this house, Lord, but not from your presence, may you be with each one. May you touch us, Father. Lord, may you, Lord, the word that was spoken, find a permanent resting place in our hearts, Lord, as we get ready to leave this place, Lord. Lord, may you bless your servant, brother Oie this morning, Lord, for his labor of love, Lord, for his burden, Lord, to see a bride come to perfection, Lord. May you anoint him. May you give him strength, Lord. Strength from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet. Lord, may you bless everyone here this morning in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, "Amen." You may be seated for a few announcements before we [Music] leave. Amen. And uh so we do want to welcome some visitors to the church this morning. Uh this is Aaron Atwell. Please can you stand? Welcome to Headstone Tabernacle. Invited by brother Steven Oliveri. Welcome. We're happy to have you with us. Uh there's Margaret Pinda. Welcome to Headstone Tabernacle. We're so happy to have you here with us. And Melville Muhammad, God bless you. Inviting my brother Curtis Scaliz. Welcome to the Headstone Tabernacle. Thank you. So good to have you with us today. So a couple quick announcement. This coming Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. we will be in Maraval. It will be the last service in Maraval until after the convention because we only have four more Sundays until the convention. So for those in the West, come out under great expectation uh for our last service in Maraval until after the convention. We're looking for great things to take place. Service will continue this Thursday here at the church and of course this coming Sunday. There will be a very brief, very quick choir practice after service today. So, we encourage the members of the choir as quickly as possible. We want to get that practice done um because we want to get some work done uh around the church in preparation for the convention. And as I said before, just as a reminder, there are only four Sundays left for the convention and there's great expectation. We received communication from a sister in Australia and Australia is very far. Um really in the process of trying to make her way over to Trinidad to come and fellowship around a seven revival. So they're coming from the east, from the west, from the north, from the south under great expectation. And just a reminder, it's going to be six services. So, it's going to be two services on Friday the 8th of July, two services on Saturday the 9th of July, and two services on Sunday the 10th of July. So, we encourage you make sure and get that time available. Um, it should be six ministers from six different countries will be speaking. We'll be announcing more details on that in the upcoming weeks, but be under great expectation. There'll be some surprises here. And you know, God always loves to keep some special gifts for his children. It's been a long time. He's been looking forward for this wedding, brother Anthony. You know, he's looking to marry this bride called Mrs. Jesus Christ. And he's bringing some love gifts to shower the bride with before she is taken to the wedding supper to, you know, so we're looking for God to send some love gifts to minister to the elect lady who has been chosen from before the foundation of the world. Come under expectation. Bring your shouting shoes. So, you should be practicing with your shouting shoes from this coming Tuesday, this coming Thursday. Make sure you're comfortable in your shouting shoes because we're going to have some shouting. We're going to have some singing. We're going to have some jumping. We're going to have some healings. We're going to have an outpouring. We're going to have some backsliders being restored. You're going to see the cripples walk, the blind eyes open. You got to believe it. You got to claim it. You got to say it. You got to speak it because that's our promise. We didn't make the promise. He made the promise. And if he made the promise, he is big enough to keep the promise. Can the church say amen? So most importantly, because we could do all that we could do, but brother Brandham said it will not be what we do. It'll be the grace of almighty God. So we have to do all that's in our power to do. But we encourage the church to get desperate, get sincere, get in the spirit because brother Brandham taught us you get out of anything what you put into it. So we want to encourage the church. Today is the 5th of June. In 3 days we're going to have one month countdown to the convention. And I know there are many needs in this church. And there are people coming with needs because they are coming to meet God. And I want us to be so sensitive apart from all that's happening with every department and ministry that you spend your time in prayer, spend your time on the expectation, spend your time fasting, spend your time crying and watch God meet your needs. Can the church say amen? So just to encourage you again, service this Tuesday in Maraval. This is the last service until after the convention. Service is coming Thursday here at the tabernacle. There'll be some work around the church afterwards. We encourage the choir as quickly as possible after we are dismissed. We want you to assemble us for a very short practice. So may the Lord bless you musician deacons.
