################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-12-04 - What Shall We Say To These Things - Bro. Tim Redhead, Headstone Tabernacle - Tim Redhead - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-12-04
Title:   What Shall We Say To These Things - Bro. Tim Redhead, Headstone Tabernacle
Speaker: Tim Redhead
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlfypGaxhSU
========================================

Amen. Our God is an awesome God. He reigns from heaven above with wisdom, power, and love. Our God is an awesome God. Oh, our God is the Jesus. [Music] You from above is an awesome. Oh, God is an awesome God. He rain from heaven above. He is wisdom, power, and love. Our God is an awesome. Oh, our God. God is an awesome heaven. Our God. Oh, our God. God is a God. He oh from heaven above wisdom, power and love. Our God is an awesome God. Oh our God. Our God is an awesome God. He reigns from heaven above with wisdom, power and love. Our God is an awesome. One more time. Our God. Our God. God is an awesome God. Our God is an awesome God. Hallelujah. Our God is an awesome God. Lord. Oh yes, Lord. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, we here to praise him this morning. We're here to make a joyful noise unto the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Wonderful. May have your seats this morning. We have a special amen. [Music] paper. [Music] maybe down and feel that God has somehow forgotten that you are faced with circumstances you can't get [Music] through right now. It seems there's no way out and you're going under. But God's proven time and time again, he'll take care of you. He will do it again. Do it again. He'll do it again. Yes, he'll do it again. If you just take a look, you wonder always come true for you. He's the same now. Don't you know God never changes? You may not know how. You may not know when, but he'll do it again. God knows the things that you're going through. He knows how you're [Music] routine. You see, he knows just how your heart's been broken into. But he's the God of the stars, the suns, and the seas. He is your father. Father, he can calm the storm. And he find a way to fix this for you. And he do it again. He do it again. We do it again. Do it again. Just take away your eyes as he always come through for you. He's the same now. Don't you know God never changes? You may not know how. You may not know where he'll do it [Applause] again. He's still Lord and he will not fail you. He will not fail you. Oh, he is God. Yes, he is God. And he will not change. He will not change. I know he is and he's fighting for you. Just like Moses, like Moses, like in the like sh again. Yes, he do it again. If you just take a look, take a He always come through for you. He's the same power. Your God never changes. May not know how. You may not know where, but you do it again. You may not know how. You may not know it. You may not know how. You may not know it. You may not know how. May not know it. But God will do it all again. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, you believe it this morning. You appreciate the special this morning. Amen. God bless you, sister Abra. God bless you, sister Elisa. He'll do it again. He'll do it again. He can do it this morning. If he saved before, he could save today. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Oh, how many believe it this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, do you have the victory? Do you have the victory this morning? Turn around. Greet your brother. Greet your sister. Tell them, "I got the victory this morning." Tell them, "God can do it again." Give me that key. God can do it again and again and again. Hallelujah. God can do it again and again and again. Well, there's glory to doubt that God can do. man yesterday and the day before. He is always the singing such time that God can do it. Oh, God can do it again. Well and again and again. Oh, and there's no reason to doubt that God can do it. Oh, now yesterday and the day before and he is all praise the same. Oh, there's no reason to doubt that God can do it. Well, my God can do it again. Come on, say, "Oh, glory. Oh, now that God can do that yesterday and the day before. I know he glor. Oh yes, he's real real. Oh Christ so real to me. Oh, and I love him cuz he gone but I can't live without. Oh, I love him so much so to [Music] me. Oh, I know I can. Oh, I love you so much. Somebody give him a shout. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Yes. Hallelujah. I love him this. Oh, how many love him this morning? How many want to praise him this morning? Oh, lift up your hands. Worship him this morning. Thank you, Lord. Oh, he's real. Oh, the Holy Ghost is real. His presence is real. His angel is real. Heaven is real. Oh, sing real. Oh, Christ. I love him because he gives me the victory. Oh, I need people. Oh, I can't live without. Oh, I love Oh, he's so rich to me. Oh, sing it. I never get we Oh, I never get wet. Oh, come now. I never Oh, where the worshippers this morning? Oh, I feel like dancing. Well, I feel like dancing. Oh, sing. I feel like dancing. Oh, I feel like a person. I feel like Oh, I never get I never get away. Oh, well, now I never get away. Oh, sing. I never get where. Oh, I never Oh, I feel like dancing. I feel like Oh, get on fire for Jesus this morning. I feel like Get on fire for Jesus. Oh, I feel like dancing and praying. Oh, I feel Oh, I never get weary. I never get away. Sing it. I never Oh, sing it. I never get away. Praise the Lord. I never get one more time. I never get away. I never get away. I never get away. Sing. I never get away. Praise the Lord. Oh, I never give one more shout of praise. Hallelujah. I never get weary. I never get weary, Lord. Oh, praising the Lord. Praising the Lord. Praise him. Oh, this morning we're praising the Lord. Praising the Lord. Praising the Lord. Praise. Say with me. Say, "Praising the Lord." Praising the Lord. Oh, I never get away. One more time. Well, I never get away for singing. I never see I never praising the Lord. I never get married. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I don't feel no waste time. Oh no. I come too far from where started from. Nobody told me told me oh that the road would be easy and I don't believe he's brought me this far. Are you ready for the word today? Turn around. Greet your neighbor. Hallelujah. Tell them I don't feel no waste time. I don't [Music] feel come too far from where I started from. Nobody told me the road is easy. I don't believe he's brought me this far to me. I just sing it one more time. I've come too far from where I started. Nobody told me the road was easy. I don't believe he brought me this far to leave me. Can we give the Lord a hand of praise this morning? Can we worship him this morning? Oh, you are God alone this morning. Beside him, there's none else this morning. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. What an anointing this morning. What a presence this morning. You appreciate the Lord Jesus Christ. You appreciate the worship this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, he is on the throne this morning. He is God alone this morning. Beside him, there's none else this morning. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. We do have a praise and some prayer requests from Sister Kzia Clark. I would like to thank the saints for their prayers of faith. On my last visit to my doctor, my blood count, my blood count is now above 10 and ultrasound results are now normal and surgery has been cancelled. Glory to God. He's in the surgery cancellation business. It doesn't matter what the doctor says, what the result says, he's able to do anything. He's able to heal you this morning. We are back to apostolic times. As Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost pours out this morning. You could be healed this morning. You will be healed. This morning you shall be healed. You shall be delivered. That's the time we're living in. Can the church say amen? Blessed be the name of the Lord. And we have two prayer requests that God will turn to two notes of praises as well. I'm requesting prayer for severe pain that I'm experiencing from sister Sandra and from brother Popwell for Miss Annard Winsor a pinched nerve and aic condition also unable to get out of bed and move around normally. Can we bow our heads for a word of prayer? Heavenly Father, Lord, we are so grateful this morning to be in your house of God. And Father, your word declares that no man can come unless the Father draws, Father. And Lord, we know the pull, the pull that we felt this morning to bring us into the house of God, Father, with a sacrifice of praise, Father. And Lord, we know that healing is a children's bread. And this morning, we Lord, bring these two requests before you for Lord, for Sister Sandra with the pain in her body. We Lord speak a word right now Lord that even now you would touch her from the crown of her head to the soles of her feet and may she be completely healed of every condition every pain Satan the blood of Jesus is against you. We bind the works of darkness this morning Lord and for Mrs. And it winds all Lord may you reach out to her right now with this pinched nerve the arrithic condition Lord not able to walk around normally Father it was not this way from the beginning we are not destined to be bedridden we are not promised to be sick so we speak a word of healing to her this morning Lord not just for her body Lord for but for her soul father may she have a supernatural experience with the angel of the Lord and now as we prepare for hear the word this morning father May you anoint your speaker that would bring the word this morning. Lord, may you speak to your hearts, Lord. Lord, may you bless those that are here. Bless those that are yet on their way. Bless those that are connected on the internet. Bless those that would hear the tape, Lord. When this service is over, may the sick be healed, Lord. May you deliver the backsliders, Lord. May you break the bands of wickedness. Lord, those that may be depressed, may you raise them up. Uh those that may be weary, Lord. May you lift them up. Lord, I don't believe you brought us this far to leave us, Father. Lord, we commit the service into your hands. We pray a special blessing on our pastor this morning that you would touch him from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet. The enemy tried to attack him, but Satan, the blood of Jesus is against you. You have no place in this househ. You have no place here this morning. This is the house of God. And there are sons and daughters of God in the house this morning who know their position, who know their promise, who know their inheritance, who know where they come from, who know where they are going. Lord, may you anoint your man's servant with a red hand. Lord, may the Holy Ghost drop down and speak spirit spoken words to your people this morning. We commit the service into your hands in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, "Amen." You may be seated. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Amen. Certainly want to welcome you to our Sunday morning service. Special welcome to brother and sister Adams. Invited by sister Ingred Williams. Where they at? Welcome. Welcome to Headstone Tabernacle this morning. Amen. God bless you. So good to have you. Well, this morning we have a treat for you this morning. coming all the way from Grenada, a real genuine servant of God. And one thing I love about Berhead, he tells it like it is because we know the truth is what will set you free. So I told him before you at home so he has every liberty this morning because we are one body and we could be in this country and that country but we are one body and all in this whole body no part of the body leaving the other part behind. So we all have to be built up to move as one to speak as one in one mind in one accord under one headship the headship of the Lord Jesus Christ. We have one headquarters and that headquarters is the Holy Ghost. So I believe this morning he is anointed and commissioned by the same boss of bosses, the same king of kings, the lord of lords, the alpha and omega, the beginning and the end, the rose of sharon, the lily of the valley to bring a word to the church this morning. So be under great expectation because all over the world the spirit is moving all over the world. Let's dance to our feet. The spirit is moving. Oh, all over the world. Oh, as the prophet said, it would be hallelujah. All over the world. Oh, there's a mighty revelation of the coming of the Lord as the waters cover the sea. Oh, sing it all over the world of brother Tim Spirit. Amen. God bless you. With your permission. Good morning. Good morning. I want you to sing this little song for me. With your permission. Hear the song from heaven. And I'm sure you know that song. Hear the song from heaven. Like a rush. You know it. Well, I hope for you to start tonight. Jo. [Music] Yeah. The song from [Music] heaven. It's a song I heard from New York and I love it, but I don't know the words. So maybe somebody could help me. Hear the sound from heaven. Yeah. That's the sound of many waters. It's the sound of worship coming from the throne. Oh, I love that. We have cries of adoration. There are cries of adoration. As men from every nation, as men from every nation lift their voices in one accord. Lift their voices in one accord. Sing everybody now. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Oh, sing it. Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. Heaven and earth, the sound. Oh the redeemed worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. Yeah. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Sing it now. The redeemed worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Sing it one more time. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Now the heavens just sound the redeemed worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Everybody let's sing it one more time. Isn't he? Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Yes. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Talking about the heaven. Just shout the redeemed worship you now. How holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. Thank you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love him just very softly. I love him because he first loved me and burn just my salvation. [Music] on camp. Jesus is the sweetest name I know. You can't go in his presence without worship. And he's just the same. as his lovely name. And that's the reason why I love him so Jesus is the sweetest name. [Music] I love him. This very softly. I love him because he first love me [Music] and J is my salvation. [Music] Her [Music] hallelujah. I always love when he comes. If I come, nothing happens. And when you come, nothing happens. But when he comes, a lot of things happen. And our coming this morning would have been no value if he's not here. And Jesus is very sensitive. He doesn't just come in. You have to want him. And you have to make them feel welcome. Hallelujah. And it begins with a song. Probably want to hear the message. But I want to hear from him so that you can hear the message. So I must first get him here. He says, "Where two or three are gathered together in my name, there I am in the midst." But there's another part that says to bless. Hallelujah. I want that kind of blessing. So if you could just close your eyes as they play softly. Amazing grace, how sweet. And then when he drops down, you'll know the sound that save. I can feel his presence. a rest like me. Just trust softly. I want once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind. Was blind. Yes, Lord. But now I see it was grace. It was grace. It was grace. Was grace that tore that tore my heart my heart to fear and grief. my first be. How precious, how precious is that great? The hour. The hour. Our first be. We walk in the light. The beautiful life. Come where the true drops of mercies are bright. Oh, shine all around us by day and by now. Jesus the light of the world. One more time. We walk in the light. Somebody the beautiful light. Glory. Somewhere the true drops of mercies a bright home shine on a rock by day by night. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, the light of the world. Jesus, the light of the world. Let's pray. Almighty [Music] God as the brothers play softly only believe. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, oh we thank you for being in this place. We thank you for your presence that is so always available when we take [Music] time and we ask thee, oh God, that you will just make your presence real. Settle our hearts. Help us, oh God, to just focus on you cuz you mean everything this morning. Oh, we need you, Lord. How I need thee. Without you, Lord, where would we be? You're the reason we hang. It's because you live, because you died, and because you was buried and rose again, we have a hope, oh [Music] God. And we are mocked. We are marked. We are marked by your blood and by your spirit and we are yours. To live is to love you. And to love you makes us want to live. And that's why we are here this morning. And so I pray that you will just do what you do best. Come and bring that love, bring that sweetness, bring that inspiration, bring that presence, Lord, we need you, Lord. We living in a dying world and you're the only one that has life. You're the only one power. And then you said, "The spirit that raised Christ from the dead, if it should be in me, if it should be in them, that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead shall be in me a spirit of resurrection. I know all men have to die, but Lord, what about the rising?" And so, Father, I'm here is serious business, but it is good business. And it's also a love affair. And so I'm asking you, Lord, just to take charge. I'm praying, oh God, that you will speak to our hearts. We are one in your presence. I'm not a Grenadian. I'm a child of God. They are not Trinidadians. They are children of God. And we belong to a kingdom whose ruler and baker is God. And so we use that moment Lord and that we have invited you and we speak and we say Satan the Lord Jesus Christ rebuke [Music] you. You have nothing we want and we don't want your presence here. So we rebuke you. We cast you out in the name of Jesus. May all unbelief be broken. May every spirit Lord of fear be broken. Every spirit of sickness be broken. All those things you use to bind and to challenge and to try God's people, we come against it in the name of Jesus Christ. And I pray, oh God, that your sweet presence would flow through this place. I say, house of hell, back off. House of hell, give way. For we are conscious of your devices. And so, Father God, just bless your people. Let the Holy Spirit take up their rightful positions in the north and the south, in the bench, in the pews. Let the angels come around and help us, Lord, and bless us, Lord. And in the end, we will give you the praise, the honor, and the glory. And remember me, remember your servant brother T, Lord. Prayer has already gone up. Let the healing come now. We thank you, Lord. I thank you for being here. Bless us now. We pray in Jesus precious name. And all the people says and all God's people shout and all God's people shout amen. Turn around and greet your brother. Greet your sister in the name of the Lord. [Music] God bless you. You can have your seat. Well, I'm happy to be here this morning in Trinidad and I greet my brother and friend. There's a lot of brothers but not many friends. A friend is different. I know you can have brothers and they go their way, you go your way, but a friend goes with your heart. And I don't have many friends. I have a lot of brothers. I have a lot of sisters, but I don't have many friends. And brother Theo is one of my friends. And it's not that I don't have many friends because I'm not friendly. It's just that I don't have any friends because where I am is in the back side of the desert. Nobody comes [Music] there. So, we are kind of like Abraham and Sarah in the back in the back way in the back. And I'm glad to be here in you call it um Headstone Tabernacle. And I want you to know that you have a wonderful brother as our pastor. I usually when you have a little jam, you know, there's somebody you usually would call. I'm talking about besides Jesus. Jesus you always call, but I'm talking about somebody, you know, like you and brother and brother McMillio are the two friends I have. Like I always tell them, nobody remembers us in Grenada. In fact, I was telling Bertio coming up that I've never been in a convention. Never. Not even once. And the closest I've ever come is way back in I think it was 2000. I was sitting in New York church and brother Coleman was preaching and he told me pointed me said stand to your feet and I want you to take the word back to Grenada. Now, I'm not talking about a Coleman. I'm talking about what happened. Amen. And when I went back home, I got real thirsty for God. And sin, you get thirsty and not doing something about it is not the same. And I got real thirsty for God. And then, well, I guess you wouldn't mind if I tell you I had a dream. Now, I don't know about you, but God ministered to me by dreams. And I'm saying that without shame because it's real. It's true. And if you ask anybody at home, they will tell you many of times he stopped me and spoke to me and directed me. My coming here, I believe is of God. Amen. Amen. And so in the dream I was riding a horse. No, I was in a cave and I went into this cave with this horse. The horse was bare back. And when I went into the cave, I met the pillar of fire and the pillow fire was just burning and and from that time when I left I was riding bear back and since that time my life has never been the same. Never. I was some years ago and then God give me something. You can call it the Holy Ghost. A lot of people have the Holy Ghost and they don't know. A lot of people think they have the Holy Ghost and they don't have it. But whatever it is he gave me, that's what's keeping me alive. [Applause] And so I've never been the same. And God has just been leading me and helping me cuz in Grenada we have six churches in the message. And um in the past we used to be kind of Ivan brought us together and then after Ivan left, they left. We shared wood and food and everything with Ivan. But as soon as he was as as soon as Ivan left and the memory of Ivan left, everybody went back to their place. And within recent times, cuz I always try to keep in touch with the ministers because they read the books I read and they follow the same prophet I follow. Yes. And whatever their failings are, that's that's them and God. That's not my portfolio. My portfolio is to take care of what God give me. Amen. So I'm not I don't want to prejudge them or prejudice them. So I try to reach out to them. All of them. Even those that I know in my heart needs more help than the rest, I still try to reach out to them cuz it's better to have somebody standing and everybody sitting. And at the end of the day, recently we were told your congregation is no longer welcome because there's make too much noise. But I called the the pastor. We still talk. I the same pastor that told me that because before we go we usually ask permission and he said no brother Tim you can't come up now the reason why I call is because his member works with my members and he saw something in them that they didn't have and he wanted them to come up and give them what we had that they didn't have. So when we were going up, he said, "No, you can't come. It's it's just not possible. Too much noise." So, but I still call him and still fellowship with him. So, it's different in Grenada. So, it's like we're on our own just with Jesus. Amen. And um this is the first time I'm being here on a Sunday morning. So, bear with me. I'm not as eloquent as you. I watch your convention. We have ministers from around the world. Remember where I'm from? The back side of the desert. So, so don't put me in that category. Remember, I'm just a little low country preacher. But I love the Lord. I love the You love the Lord. Let's see. You really love the Lord. Let me see your hands. I love the Lord. Amen. Well, let me see. Now, love is supposed to be something that involves communication. Ain't that right? And if you love a girl or you love someone, you call them all the time. I remember when I met my wife, I would be by her house, leave 2:00 in the morning, and I reach home, I call again. And then I'll be sleeping, and then I'll call around 5. And then I'll call around 8. But you just call me. Yeah, I just checking. So we always talking but that's when you love someone and then re I realized she too far away. I need you to come here and that's when I got married. So love involves communication. Amen. And you said just now you love the Lord. Now you have 24 hours in the day and you can divide 24 into three eights. You have 8 hours work that's for yourself and you have 8 hours sleep. The next eight hours, how many times you talk to God? All right. You said you love him. Now, don't get angry because love is a doing word. It's what you do. It's not what you say. That's right. See, it's easy to talk. Talk cheap. You don't have to pay for talk. But it costs you to do the walk. And so out of the eight that's available, I challenge you. Would you give him 15 minutes? Maybe 10 minutes. I don't know. Eight. You know, I'm saying eight. That's like 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8. How much do you give him out of that eight? I'm not talking about your sleep and I'm not talking about your work. Come on now. Out of the eight. Amen. What do you give him? And then if you could find if you could find three, you're not doing too bad. If you could find four, temperature rising. If you could find five, ah, we are brothers. Where are we now? What number should I go? 1 to 10. Where am I? And I'm just telling you that because I notice when I come to Trinidad where I'm living, she's busy all the time. gets up early walk walk and I said to Engineer we take our time we just like I mean it's amazing what they get done so I'm like this is probably the spirit here and then where is the time for God and the strength of a congregation that serves God is their time their time alone with God you can have 15 conventions. But how much do you have with God? Amen. Amen. And a convention is a prayer with God. I'm a firm believer in prayer. Amen. I started preaching. I just talking to you because we got to know one another first before we can preach. Are you following me? And when you could answer that, then you would know if you love God. Now you might say, I like God. Now you heard brother Isaac he told you I speak the truth and that's one problem I have. I cannot help but tell you as it is. I rather be a drunkard and a vagrant than be a hypocrite. So I can only tell you what he puts in me and you can't blame me because he puts in You can be angry with a drunk man. He drunk. You could crowd at him, but he's still drunk. You could get vexed, but he's still drunk. And there's nothing you could do. He's drunk. And when he wakes up, he's going to drink again. And until he gets rid of that taste, of that pull, you had to work with him. Are you following me? So, what's in you this morning? God, send me from Grenada to you. What do I tell you this morning? Amen. Are you Did you come to hear me or did you come to hear him? Now, if you came to hear him, you need another air. Not this one. You need the air in the spirit. Now, how you going to get here in the spirit if you don't even have a prayer? So, I may not be invited after this, but at least invited. I told you the truth. Amen. So from today after I'm gone, long after I'm gone, and you may forget me by 2:00 this afternoon, remember this. How much time, quality time do I spend with God? I'm not talking about prayer that you know. I'm talking about things you're never accustomed telling him. the deep things, the things that we can't see. I'm not talking about adultery. Everybody knows what adultery is, but everybody don't know why it's malice. Cuz we can't see malice. We could see the effects of adultery. I could be angry with you and you never know. Young men that walk with brother Brennham, hug him up, and brother Brenam because of his gift knew that their thoughts were not what their hands were doing. Amen. One time, brother Brennham was in a meeting and he was in the back and they had a shelter area and the leader of the convention came and he said, "We are so sorry that brother Brandham is not here with us tonight. He had to attend to a sick person." Brother Brandon was right there and we're so sorry that he wouldn't be here with us tonight but hopefully the next time he will come. And brother Brandham was sitting right there and brother Brisll was also there and brother Brisll was like but look at brother Brandham there. Brother Brham is right there and they didn't call him cuz they had their reasons. So brother Briscoll went to brother Brham afterwards. He said why didn't you walk out and say here I am. Why didn't you walk on and say God bless I'm here? You say I would have done that. Brother Bam look at brother Biscal said I could never do that. I can never do that. So you understand what I'm saying now? So there's a difference in people and your spirit identifies your character. Amen. So now that I got your attention, let's go to the word. And our first reading is from Matthew 5. Now, this is not your regular service. This is not your regular message. This is the deep things that we want to go into here. It's not the popular stuff, but it's the stuff that will stay with you. Amen. Matthew 5. These words are direct from God himself. So it's not even Paul's words. It's Jesus own words. And God don't waste words. What he says he means. He don't even look back to see what's wrong. What's what you are doing about it. He says it and he's that's it. So let's read what he said and may the Lord bless the word real well. Reading from verse three. Blessed father bless the word as we read. Are the poor in spirit for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are they that mourn for they shall be comforted. Blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the earth. Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled. Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. Blessed are peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God. Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye when men shall revile you and persecute you and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely for my sake. Rejoice. Don't get vexed. Don't get upset. Don't retaliate. Rejoice and be exceedingly glad for great is your reward in heaven. That's if you do this. That's that's if you rejoice. For so persecuted they the prophets which were before you. Then we go on to verse 37. And this is the killer. But let your communication be yay and yay, nay and nay. For whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil. You have heard that it had been said, an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth. But I say unto you that you resist not evil. But whosoever shall smite thee on the right cheek, turn to him the other also. And if any man shall sue you at the law, and take away thy coat, let him have thy cloak also. And whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile, go with him a twain. Give to him that acet thee, and from him that would borrow of thee, turn not away. You have heard that it has been said, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thy enemy. But I say unto you, love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you, that you may be the children of your father, which is in heaven. For he maketh the sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sends rain on the just and on the unjust. For if you love them which love you, what reward have he? Do not even the publicans the same? And if you salute your brethren only, what do you more than others? Do not even the publicans so here's the word now. Be ye therefore perfect. Even Jesus, even that's a powerful word. As your father which is in heaven is perfect. You say bre is that possible. Amen. Jesus said it. And he was speaking to us. And he is saying that is in you. That is in me. But it is unconditional that you truly have something in you to be able to do this. Let's go to the next reading. Romans chapter 8. And I'm reading like this because I had to prepare for the how the brothers have to take it in the in the technology and all this stuff which is new first time I have to do this but I comply. So verse chapter 8 reading from verse one. I hope I gave it to you. There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. For the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus had made me free from the law of sin and death. For what the law could not do in that it was weak through the flesh. God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin condemn sin in the flesh that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are after the spirit the things of the spirit. For to be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Then we go to verse 17. And if children, then hes of God and joint hes with Christ. If so be that you suffer with him, that you may be also glorified together. Remember Matthew 5. For I reckon that the suffering of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. For the earnest expectation of the creature waited for the manifestation of the sons of God. For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who had subjected the same in hope. Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God. For we know that the whole creation groanth and travail and pain together until now. And not only they, but ourselves also which have the first fruit of the spirit. Even we ourselves grown within ourselves waiting for the adoption to with the redemption of our bodies. I'll I'll pause there for now on that scripture and go straight to Revelation so that you can begin your seat. Let's go to Revelations chapter 6. May the Lord bless the word. And I saw when the lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard as it were the noise of thunder, and one of the four beast, saying, "Come and see." And I saw, and behold, a white horse, and he that sat on him had a bow, and a crown was given to him, and he went forth conquering and to conquer. And when he had opened the second seal, I heard the second beast, say, "Come and see." And there went out another horse that was red, and power was given to him that sat there on to take peace from the earth, and that they should kill one another. And there was given unto him a great sword. And when he had opened the third seal, I heard the third beast saying, "Come and see." And I beheld a no a black horse. And he that had sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand. And I heard a voice in the midst of the four piece saying, "A measure of wheat for a penny, and three measures of barley for a penny, and see hurt not the oil and wine." May the Lord bless the word. You can have your seat. And with your permission, I'll relieve myself from the top coat. And brother Isaac said, "I'm home." Mystic. You don't want me to be home. Anyhow, this morning we want to talk about a little portion of scripture that I didn't read yet and it's found in 31 of the same Romans. I didn't read it yet because I was waiting and it I'll take it from 28. And we know that all things work together for the good to them that love God to them who are called according to his purpose. For whom he did for know he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Moreover, whom he did predestinate them he also called and whom he called them he also justified and whom he justified them he also glorified. Not who you call not who I call but who he calls. And God don't make mistake when he calls. Are you hearing me? God don't make a mistake and say Steve oh I meant John that don't happen you can't be saved now and then lost it when God calls you it's a call it's permanent God who knows all things you think you wouldn't know who to call oh by the way um rejoice with me my daughter is here Zoe just stand for [Applause] I call her Zoe and my father called her Joy. So her name was Zoe Joy but she she she changed it to Zoe. All right. So whom God called. You understand what I'm saying now. Whom God called. Not who you call. Not that you felt a little fizzle and you felt a little dizzle. I'm saying whom he called. Amen. And if God call you, I'm telling you, you're going to know. This is not auntie. This is not John. This is not uncle. This is God whom he called. This is not your pastor. I'm not even brother. God bless him. This is God. Who called me? Who called you? [Applause] Cuz if you're not sure, you won't stay. Those who he call, they stay. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Every once in a while you'll excuse me. I have to baptize the truth. So who he call, they stay. I love when God calls. Hallelujah. One time he said, "Samuel, come on now." And Samuel ran to Eli. He said, "Did you call me? And Samuel probably had a little wine. He said, "No, son. I didn't call you." He went back. He said, "Go back and lie down." And then he called again, "Samuel, and I love God. God don't call and then keep talking until he gets your attention." That's why he kept calling. See, see, we say, "John, I want you to go down the road without even a response." And then when they don't go, you angry. You first have to get a response and affirmation. Come on. When God said Samuel, Samuel had an answer. And God had patience. Come on. He has all the time. So he waited cuz he came for a purpose. When the angel come to you for a purpose, you don't go back until it's fulfilled. when he said the third time after the Eli because Eli don't even know what's happening, he's out of it. And you could get so lost in the message that you could be out of it. You get so all in the message, you're out of it. You so all in the message, you know everything and you're out of it. Don't even hear call anymore. Get cold and starchy and stiff, spiritually arritis. You don't want to get cold. Eli got cold. That's why he's dealing with those who he call. Eli called had dried up. He was no longer listening. Amen. He was no longer following. And God don't waste time. Amen. You have a certain amount of time allocated to that goal. [Music] Are you hearing this morning? You know, in Trinidad, I know you have a big country. I drive on the highways and I'm like, "Wow." For us in Grenada, that's like, "Wow." We don't have highways. All we have is ways. So, it's different for us when we come here. We're like, "Wow." and you were like this is ordinary and you could get so comfortable as I said that you so that it becomes ordinary and don't realize what you did where you're sitting and where you are then all of a come all of a sudden it gets familiar oh I know that brother oh I know this brother and you have your prejudice and your preconceived understanding that I don't know who gave you and then you find before you know it you're in another church and then you're in another church looking for the call you had here. [Music] But you're not going to find it. As long as Samuel stayed, remember the his mother gave it to him in the temple. She said you to serve God. And as long as he said serving God, he will hear from God. And as long you're in the place where God called you the first time, you will hear from God. Amen. So pray for me to take my time. Cuz I ain't reached there yet. Just pray for me. But somebody's pulling. So let's go back here. Moreover, whom he did predestinate them, he also called. And whom he called, them he also justified. And whom he justified, them he also glorified. And here is the part I love. What shall we then say to these things? That's that's my message to you this morning. Not my message. That's the message God give me to you this morning. From the time brother Tio asked me, I've been laboring in prayer. Cuz I don't want on that day to give God an account for something that I just gave because it was a a feeling or or a tingling. Amen. All men have to stand with what they preach. And you better make sure God call you to preach because every word you said, every dot, you have to stand with your life with it. And you have to give an account. I say, "Lord, let's just run in." I said, "You know where you're going? People just dead inside there. Where the rod blossom?" Let me tell you, in the in the first coat, you find everybody there. Pentecostals, Baptists, Berians, everybody. They love the Lord and they come out and they're in the outer coat. But every coat is higher. Then you go in the middle coat and then you see the the crowd thinning down. Now you have the sanctified ones. But that's not you. God didn't call you to stay in the first two courts. You got to go in the inner veil. You don't get there by words. You don't get there by ideas. You don't get there by thinking. It's a life. And this life is not a painting. It's real. It breathe fire. Holy Ghost fire. Amen. Aaron Rod can't blossom in the second coat. You remain a stick. You probably get dry too. And he won't dare put it in the first coat. You don't put wood there. You don't put things there. You have to come inside. But you notice every state was different. In fact, to go in the inner veil, you had to tie a rope around your waist. That's right. Are you on your own? that. Are you understanding me? Cuz you're on your own. And that rope is you can't go in and pull them out, you know. Nobody can go in and help you. So, they have to design it in a way that when they pulling, if you're fat, when they're pulling, if you're thin, when they're pulling, if you're medium, you don't get stuck. Otherwise, you have a problem. And the rope had to have a reef knot. Them was serious business in those days. I can imagine how the priest and them used to prepare and that happened on the right things. He can't go in there. Oh, I forgot to pray this morning. Oh, I was busy this morning. Oh, I missed something this morning. He's a dead man. And that is God under the law. [Music] We talking about grace. You know, a lot of people don't know what grace is. Grace is not helping you sin. Grace is what you live above sin. He gives you grace to rise above sin. [Applause] We can't rise on our own. It takes the grace of God. [Applause] When you overcome, that's [Applause] [Music] [Applause] grace. A lot of people think it's gracious. Well, I smoked last night, so I'm dead. That's grace. No, thy smoke. Th grace. Grace is for his his children. You don't give grace to strangers. Thy special virtues to the called out ones. And that's why this morning I'm asking you, what shall we then say to these things? Let me finish the verse. Hallelujah. I missed my curt anyhow. If God be for us, not the pope, not Trump, not your father, not your job, God. Amen. And God is not a man. Amen. Don't treat him like a man. Don't treat him like somebody that is your neighbor. Amen. You must respect him. Amen. That's the source of every living thing. [Applause] And God don't have no grandchildren. You don't call him auntie God or uncle God. [Music] God is not your mind. God is not your ideas. You could religious. You could be religious and have a religious mind. Amen. And have religious ideas, but dying God. And we could get so cold that we think God is with us. Just like when Mary and Uncle Joseph was traveling. Amen. Auntie Mary and Uncle Joseph. And they went many days. Every time she see Joseph and he see her, I felt comfortable. Where is the child? You come here and you meet one another and you are comfortable. Where's the Holy Ghost? [Applause] Amen. Are you hearing me? The connection was not Mary and Joseph. Look where God was. He was in the temple. Amen. Amen. Not because you're going on the road and everybody smiling ding God there. [Applause] If you want to know where he is, see what's happening around you. God never change. This good? You hearing me? God never changes. Amen. But here is Mary and Joseph and they're walking along. I mean, how do you walk for so many days and you you don't even know where your child is? You're not even asking where your child is. It must be some kind of conversation. You sleep, you wake up, the first thing a parent supposed to do is wear Jesus. Do you remember? You're walking every day. You're moving every day. You've come here. Is the Holy Ghost inside? They went on and on and you probably would have give him a rap for being a not so good parents. But what about us? Amen. Where is he? Amen. Is he there? Amen. I could only talk about Grenada. I don't know much about Trinidad. And that's why when I'm finished here, you can vex with me. It's all right because I gone. But in Trinidad, how many churches you have? We only have six. Where's the number now? 16. 30 something. Oh, [Applause] God. What you doing in 30 something churches? Hallelujah. I know God has divided himself, but that's when the Holy Ghost is coming on in one place. 30 something churches and growing and the time we finish the year we probably reach 40. But who's in there? Mary and Joseph. All we building is a lot of Mary and Joseph. Where is Jesus? [Applause] Hallelujah. [Applause] Oh, we talk Jesus. But I tell you something, it's not easy when you have to walk Jesus. We got to come on. God pull us out of Baptist. He pull us out of denomination. And what has happened? 33 something churches in the message, reading the same books, following the same prophet, God almighty. Are we that brilliant? Have we become lawyers? I thought we were simple. I thought we were simple led by the spirit. Amen. Amen. Who's leading that? Where are we going? And you know what's amazing? The same 33 churches expect to go the same place we going. But we can't fellowship. All right. Now, what kind of God you think you're serving? That would not permit you to come together here, but bring you up in his heaven. You think God crazy? God didn't change. Amen. But the democracy, [Applause] the democracy to come after you, [Applause] how can he expect to separate you from your God? Amen. Amen. [Applause] So my question is, what shall we then say to these things? I'm trying to bring to you. You know what you could, if you playing draft, you don't see the moves, you know. But a person on the other side will see the moves. They'll be able to say, "Why you push that? Why you push that?" But that man here, he have tunnel vision. He can't see from the he like a horse. He can't see the moves. And you can come to a place where you can't see the moves. All you can see is Mary and Joseph. All you can see is the things around you. My God, woman, where is your son? [Music] And a woman is a type of the church. What's the purpose of the gathering if he is not there? No wonder we can't keep the young people. They couldn't keep Jesus. If they could have keep him, he would have been in the temple. He would have been around them collecting sweet tea. Amen. He would have been around them playing on his mouse. Look at the children today. Look what they're playing with. Natural types is spiritual. Amen. Anyhow, let me go on. Amen. So, it is God that justifith. Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? It is God that justifith. Amen. But there's a evil one who is laying some charges and he's laying some serious charges. And that's where we come into the message here. So I start the message. Amen. So the believer that's in Christ Jesus walks after the Holy Ghost, not in the flesh. Amen. Because the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus had made us free from the law of sin and death. Free. Free. Hello. Did I say free? F R W Z. Free. Free. Why you going back? That's good. Where's the freedom of the Holy Ghost? Amen. Amen. Amen. Why go back and bondage on the man? You don't want to go back and bondage onto Uncle Joseph and Auntie Mary. Hallelujah. God don't have grandchildren. Amen. And look at them. You know, when they found Jesus, didn't take the blame, you know. Don't you know we were looking for you when the day before yesterday or the two days before yesterday? There's nothing nowhere here. I sleep and wake up. This fell here. Give me a piece of bread. I sleep and wake up right here. Where were you? But you notice Jesus responds nice things he could tell them. But like the perfect person heing is, he said, "I must be about my father's business." Now he could have give him a message or make them shame, but he didn't do that. And so they were left with the apparent victory. Hallelujah. And many times you are left with the apparent victory cuz blessed are the peace makers. Amen. And that's him there. We'll be going on to that's the other part of the message. Let us go on to perfection. Now perfection means at the end. That's right. Perfection is not something that you just grab and say, "Okay, perfection." No, it's at the end. Amen. Amen. Do you notice when Paul had his conversion? Amen. You watch them men that had real stuff immediately he went into the desert. He didn't go with a campaign. He didn't go with a a message around the place, burning up the place. I got hit by a light. He first had to find out what shall we say to this thing. Amen. And he went down in the Arabian desert or the Egyptian desert. It was a desert. Whether you want to put Arabian or Egyptian, I don't know if it's the same place. My geography not so hot or down in age. But he stayed there for 3 years. Not three days. You say you love the Lord. Do you pray for 3 hours? Do you pray? Well, I didn't want to go there because I might get I don't want to make enemies. Let's be friends. Preach, brother. Preach. Paul, this is the old time fashion way, went down there. Amen. You know what he did? The prophet said, he studied the word. Amen. To find out who is that light. Oh, and you know what? He found out that that light was the same I am. [Applause] He found out that was the angel that called to Abraham. Abraham, now I know what we shall say to these things. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now I know. Amen. He also found out that Moses had an experience like him. Amen. Imagine God drove out all the knowledge that was in Moses, drove it out of him and brought him to the backside of the desert in a dog muscle. That prince that grew up in state place and learn state things. Amen. And he was driven Amen. Amen. He didn't go in. He was driven. And a man that comes to God, the Holy Ghost will drive him. [Applause] If you get the same Holy Ghost that Paul got, that brother Brennham got, it will drive you, brother. [Applause] Hallelujah. He found out that that's the same God and he stayed there until he was sure. When you speak, are you sure? Amen. Do you have a relationship with God that makes you sure? Or can I come and change your mind? All right. You hear a message, maybe brother to you, bring a message here and you go down the road and another brother said another thing and you say, you know, that's some that's all right. You know, I wonder if brother Tio made a mistake. Oh, brother T, I have a question for you. Did you mean to say 700? As if God didn't know what you're doing. Cuz you see, there's something called the believers call they call them collectors. They come to church to collect. If they can't get the tithes and offering, they collect information, stuff. I'm serious. Why? The mind is already made up. They already have their prejudices. How they do it, I don't know. I can't do that. As brother Brennham said, I could never do that to go and listen to a man with your prejudice. Why come in helping you? Well, let's not jump. Let's go back to Paul and his experience driven. Amen. And it's only when he was sure he got up and went back. And how did he come back? He said, "I don't come here today to seek the approval of man." I do not come here today because I am in the wisdom of a man or I was taught by a man. That's the same Paul that sat under Gam. But he found something greater, more powerful than Gamil had. Gambian made him a terrorist, but what he found here made him to rest. [Music] He found something. And when you find that thing, try that. Wake up. Smell the coffee. It's burning. Amen. Amen. Wake up. Amen. He found something. What he found was so powerful that he challenged Peter, the man with the keys who walk in the shadow of Jesus. [Music] You better know where you're standing to challenge Peter. But because he had a personal experience with that light, you are bold. [Applause] Satan is not afraid of you with your noise, but he's afraid of the life. He respects the life. Amen. [Music] It makes the demons tremble. You don't you don't tremble under other things is alive. Not even the message. Satan would take a message and he goes like no problem. Wet in a duck. Amen. Amen. So the message is not the final thing. When I'm finished here, that's not the final thing. It's what happens after. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Anybody could preach. In fact, you don't need to be saved to preach. Amen. That's right. Gifts and callings as long as you had a gift of the gib. The first message that was preached on the earth was the serpent. God don't preach. God just speaks his word. Preaching is trying to get people to obey. People preaching is trying to get people to come. God spoke. Amen. The day you eat, the day you die, you want to live, you could do this, you could do that. Don't pass yet. Boom. So over that message is even today. Amen. Hunting us. That little message, Amen. Amen. So it's not the length of the message. It's the power in the message. Every time I see a funeral, before I came here, I buried one of the brothers. He was sick and he was one of the strangest. He gave me my greatest test. I'll be preaching and he will get up and walk out, angry, and I would run after him cuz I don't know how to do anything else. That is not my pick category. That is not my section. things I know about, I leave that to God. And even what I know about, if I find it look dangerous, I say, "Lord, you you handle that." And I went after him. And I went after him. And one day, he fell. He got a stroke. And what God can do in 5 years, he can do in 5 minutes. God put him on his back. Amen. Guess what? The temper didn't leave him. That's I have seen some things. I'm telling you, I have seen people teach fish to swim. Oh my god. In this message, no joke. And I thought by now, okay, this brother is ready. Ready? What? The man have a stroke. The man is dying, but the temper is raging. [Music] Death don't change you. True prayer. I would have thought if I'm in that condition, I'd be praying morning, noon, and night. But he could not handle the temper. People have a saying don't sweat the big stuff. I say sweat because all that he did that temper was bringing them to hell. And I sent to the brothers and sometimes I'll tell her don't go. Hallelujah. Cuz he would reject them. And then I'll give him a week and then when he suffer the wife will say brother Timmy going now. Oh God brother Timmy going now. I said no ain't going yet. You know why I said that? I went to the Lord and I said father don't let that man leave without the Holy Ghost. He went to hospital with the same complaint as another brother in the message had. The other brother died. They had the funeral and he remained same condition. He he lingered and lingered and lingered and lingered. I just did his funeral. Tuesday gone. But guess what? When that all comes, boy, that temper had a backup. Amen. Somehow somewhere God reached that man and the brothers will come. You see, I don't know about how you handle it here, but in Grenada, we go after everybody because you're not coming in the church like a terrorist because you've been away for so long. I don't know what you're doing. So when we don't see you, we come and see you. No, I'm not saying you could do that here. It should not be all not so in Grenada. Some of them people living in a far place uphill when you're coming down there's only one way stoop and and and ride. It's no joke. I I felt we went to prayer meeting and when we coming down it was skates. Hallelujah. So from the time somebody is missing and hear me I don't know about you in Grenada your Cascal church once you're a communion taking member you cannot break that word because the strength of the church is equal to that one man brotherham said the church would fail bitterly by that one man your healings will not be as how it's supposed to be. Amen. Amen. Why you think I prefer brother to you all the time? I thank God he's here and I in Grenada cuz you had to have grace to be a pastor in Trinidad. Our people still simple. Oh God, let us stay simple. They're not that technical. You know technical lies. So when you have prayer meeting, they come out. When they have Wednesday service, they come out. And we pray for everybody. I'm one of the few pastors that pray for every single member every day. Now, you don't have to do what I do. I'm just giving you my little testimony about Grenada while I'm doing the message. Cuz we found a lot of things. You remember I told you about teaching fish to swim? I had services just like you are having and the Holy Ghost would come down and the people would be screaming and running up. Fellas would leave the back and run up to the altar with the power glory. And I said, "We ready for the rapture." Hallelujah. Amen. And I was going [Music] [Applause] along glorious. And one Sunday, the Holy Ghost came down and shouted it. And the Holy Spirit said, "Call a solemn assemble." And the Holy Ghost was digging out them secret things. Amen. We don't major on fornication and adultery. That too obvious. We major on malice and hatred and strife and the things you can't see that are like little worms in your heart. Jesus said that's what defile you. Not the big stuff. That's too obvious. Hallelujah. And the Holy Spirit led me to tell the church, you write down the area that Satan is beating you at and set it up without your name. And the whole church wrote down, wrote down and they set it up. And God, I if I wasn't standing, I'd be sitting. And there's no lie cuz I have it on paper. Let me tell you the areas that they confess. Temper, lies, sex, superstition, jealousy, fear, cursing, malice, stealing, doubts, cigarette, pride, rebellion, not wearing proper clothes, worldly music and so on and so on and so on. them same shouting people, them same glorious people, them same people that I thought we ready to a man, we made our confession and 3 years ago God brought us to a place where we had what you call compulsory prayer, compulsory prayer. No one escapes. Hallelujah. So let me give you a typical week. Monday I go to the church for half an hour before I go to work. That's after I send my devotion home. Then Monday we come back for prayer meeting 1 hour mandatory and we join. I tell you we not don't go and tell brother do that you're too big. We are a small church. Keep it simple Lord. I'm getting old. And we come on Monday and we pray. Tuesday, same thing. Wednesday, same thing. Thursday, same thing. Friday, that is the power hour. We do a half an hour in the morning. 2:30 I do an hour. No, I'm not bragging. I'm just telling you how we live. So don't take that wrong. So 2:00. And by the way, Friday is everybody. You find your time according to your schedule, but it must be our hour. We ain't leaving nobody behind. Jesus said, "I prayed for them and I've lost none." [Applause] We had a brother from Trinidad come and join us. He used to go by brother Waldron and he said, "Brother Tim, oh my god, I've never seen this." He came to Grenada in a backslitting condition. By the time God was finished with him, he said, "I'm going back home." He came here seeking his two sons which were lost. He came here seeking because why? He got divorced. His wife had gone and he had said he done with him. But God was not done with him. He came back here. So after that hour on Friday when we go home at 6:00 another half an hour I love talking to him. My only regret we didn't start before then at night before I go and sleep is your normal prayer half 4 in the morning 1 hour. Hallelujah. When you get up, you do your normal prayer Saturday morning and then you prepare yourself in a spirit of worship for Sunday. Glory. I stop all my men when you see 2:00. Whatever you're doing, slow down. Some people just come to church hot and sweaty. Where you coming? Well, I just been washing the waist. Where you going? I'm going to church. Who you going to meet? Who you going to meet, Jonathan? Who you come to meet? Amen. My God is a holy God that ain't changed. We need to change our perception of God. And you know what brought that? We have gone away. We need to get back to the Holy Ghost. You have a hope here. Many don't know where the Holy Ghost is, much less finding it. They don't preach Holy Ghost. You thank God you have a man who's not afraid. You know when you start to preach Holy Ghost, you getting lost blows too. Amen. In any Holy Ghost church led by God, there is nobody big. There I might be on the pulpit but dying make me tall is the pulpit that is in the sight of God is one. Amen. And the same life I have to live, you have to live it too. The same prayer I have to pray. What about you, brother? There is no exemption. There is no buy. There is no excuse. You get in or you [Applause] [Music] perish. This God we serve in change. We change. get back to God. And I can't say that to every church. They don't even know where he is. You can only get back to some place that you know where you come from. Amen. But what if you don't know where you're going? How you going back? Long ago, I used to say back to God, back to the church. I can't even tell them back now because to go back, you had to come from. You cannot go back if it wasn't there. Amen. [Applause] Amen. So, it's not a fancy word. It's a It's a reality. I can only go back home because I was home. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Back means going from where you were. Just look around. When I came in this message, we had so much fire. We used to have all night prayer. And don't look at me old. I've been in a message long. But Jesus is what keeps me young. Hallelujah. I've seen many ministers without the Holy Ghost. What happened to them? And I thank God that he give me that verse. Many ministers go in without the Holy Ghost expecting to get it later. By the time they get it, they have so much damage they can't preach. That's why I say get it first. That's why I tell the young people don't get married if he not Holy Ghost. Because the ghost he have does beat. I had a brother in the church when he wanted to to have a relationship in the bed, he pull his wife and bring her under the under the um shower. I had brothers who used to take 2x4 and be their wife. I've been there and I've seen God change them by prayer and consecration. The word is good, but that's not enough. Amen. I could give you a lot of mud and a lot of preaching, but the change only begins when you go on your knees. [Applause] And a lot of people don't go underneath. Hallelujah. Hurting. He hurting. Well, start. You start somewhere. Eventually the hood go walk out. I don't understand. The person that we meet the most, we talk to the least and then when we in our jam. Wake up. No wonder you don't get no answer. God is not impressed by emotions, you know. Amen. He's impressed by your heart. The condition of your heart. Amen. And if the heart is not right, how you going to get the right God to handle a wrong heart? Got to repent. Fix it. Not one of you can go on in Christ unless you repent. [Applause] [Music] You don't just get up and say, "Okay, Lord, I reach." Hello. What is all them bush you dragging? Look at my spirits coming behind you. Where you get them spirits? There was a young woman, Sunday school teacher. She knew I was right. She was married and the spirit taker she just up one day and leave her husband but in her heart she knew it was wrong but she didn't pay no mind. She went with that one and then pretty soon she left that one. You get you get it's like a practice now but she had to keep pushing it down. Amen. Hallelujah. It got to the place that the second husband left her and she end up in a common law situation. Now you're at the bottom of the barrel. And God help me if you are in a common law situation. I don't mean you're in the bottom of the barrel. I mean that your marriage in the bottom of the barrel and then she took sick. I tell you God have a way of touching us. God don't chase nobody. You had to come. God don't chase nobody. You know why? We are all in a same tunnel. We have a tunnel in Grenada called Sendal tunnel. And it dark and you just come down on you. But if you want to get to the next side, you have to make that move. And you could only make that move when you make the first step. And after you make that first step, you have to make a next step because you can make that step and then turn run back. But you're happy. You come to the place where you decide you know what I'm going. That's called faith. And you start to walk. Now here's the beauty. Every step you make, you're going away from here and you're going closer to there. Over there is the light. Here is dark. Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I'm coming to the light. You are in that same tunnel with me. You may be living in Trinidad, but all of us in the same tunnel [Applause] and the faith I got to begin to walk is what's going to bring me over there. But there are people walking with no faith. They're afraid. There's a difference between fear and faith. You could be afraid and you're still going. My God, what a miserable way. Why you go back? [Music] And many of us walk through life like that. You don't have to. That's right. I have the antidote. Amen. My just talk to Jesus. Amen. He's the antidote. Amen. So when you're going through this valley and he the Lord is my what? Shepherd. You know what's a shepherd? key in front I behind. So there's an invisible God in front of me inside a tunnel. He will bring me out. That is life. So me and brother Tio by the way we same age. I didn't want to tell you but we are same age. So we they halfway now. Them young fellas them still in the back there but they coming though. And those in front they a little closer here. So you know what has happened when they reach here? They start to slow down. them who they don't hear they running. So you know better said come you're coming. Oh my lord. But when that's empty reach has changed people boy. That's right. Let us take away all your pride. Let us bring you and strip you. And then all of a sudden you realize, boy, oh my god, what what do I have? The woman that I'm telling you about, you will stripped and is on a dead bed. And there's a time between going and staying that your whole life does come before you. Just before you go, your whole life does go on fast. real lie, steal, thief, go in church, thief in church, come back this, that, say you love the Lord, lie there, come your whole life going, going, going, going, going, going, going, going until you reach it to where you are. Ain't showing you the special thing in church. He ain't even showing you test. Sorry, testimony. It bring you to the things that you bypass to hear. And you know what happened? Brother Brham said the soul that she was pushing down raise up cuz the mind no longer walking. Are you hearing me? Amen. The spirit get feeble. Well, God God know why he make the soul. It's the soul that sin that shall die, not a heart. And your soul have every message that God send you, every warning that God send you. That why you use it to judge you, you know. Now your spirit know your soul is your recorder. You will not get away. Amen. And just at the time you're leaving her pastor who used to tell her thing good don't worry all is well I pray for you. She started to scream. You lied for me. My soul is lost. I'm lost. I'm lost. That soul wake up and start to preach back to her. She left this earth screaming, "I'm lost." The brother I bury, he had changed down to a place where he gets soft and sweet. And I say, "Yeah, boy." Like, "You ready?" He didn't last long after he died. So, what you think is a game is not a game. What you think is a way of being religious is more than that. You see this? That air is called oxygen. You know where that come from? God. That is your energy to make choices right and wrong. And everybody here have one chance. You're not three chance. One to choose between what? Right and wrong. No other. And the God who made Adam and Eve said to them. You and your generation have to go under the same basis. And every man that came after, I don't laugh when I'm in church. I do it after. When I go to church and all the brothers, hi, hello. I don't have time for that. I need to check my light and see how it burnes. [Music] I ain't going young. I'm going to them. They ain't coming to me. every time you lay down and sleep. Many times I get messages from God. That message I'm preaching now, it dropped in the from the the Lord Friday. I've been wrestling. Lord, what do I tell them? I don't know them. I said, Lord, when I go there, you reach the heart because I don't know them. But let them never be the same. [Music] [Applause] So, I'm not a popular preacher and I'm glad I have been in a lot of trouble. You see, Brother Theo, he's the smartest preacher I've ever met. Whenever I call brother Theo, I just get like, "Yes, no." Maybe he could never get in trouble. He's the only man I know that you can't tr you can't get him to say something wrong. Yes. No. And he gone. I said, "Hello, you got me." He didn't come for just fire, trials, and a heart that loves God. [Applause] They're not many men. And I ain't coming here to preach him up because you know him. I remember when I just g the message. I wanted to go to New Zealand. I want to go all over the world. Lord, I'm going to I used to go in the bush looking for my pillar fire. Everybody burn. I have a pillar of fire, too. And I in the bush for hours praying, trying and then one day the Holy Spirit said to me, "Hello, show me in the Bible your your text. Show me your your text. Your text." Because even with the signs, you can't you have to have a word to back the sign. And I said, "Lord, enough." I said, "All right, I'm done. If I can if I cannot preach to Grenada until they come in unity of the faith, I ain't going nowhere. No, that's not brother Tio. He have a gift cuz I can preach like him. He could preach five times and even feel it. He ain't even sweating. So everybody different. But you see the point I'm making? That woman left this earth with regrets. Are you going to leave this service here with regrets? When we have communion, everybody is dressed sharp because why? It's communion with the Lord. I just tell everybody come shop looking your best. We going to have supper with the Lord. So all them brothers who even know how to tie tie, you see that some of them just tie, you don't even know if it's a tie. What they coming and there's nobody that say I ain't taking communion this week. I think they come on next week. Hello, you're a Catholic. Since when you have the right when the word says as oft as you do these things, you do show the Lord's death. Not the bread, not the wine, the Lord's death. A young, not a young, a old woman, not old, middle-aged going to old, solid in the church for 20 years in labor. First time she came, she said she heard God speak from the skies. I said, "Amen." But sometime with them, "Amen." before you put a full stop. And she sat in the church for about 18 maybe 20 years. And a brother who does preach, she have a issue with him. You know issue like the woman with the issue of blood. Cuz that issue is not something that's small enough. It coming from your heart. Hallelujah. It's not only hemorrhaging. They just have issues of the heart that don't go that stay like Jumby. Sorry, you don't know what Jumby is. All right. It's devil spirits. and it rise up cuz she say he ain't fit enough to make the bread the bread you know the last time I see bread I went in a Catholic funeral and I don't go and stick what they take so let's go and he finishing and I see the priest take the bread and go and lock it in a box with a light that in poster out and they said that is the perpetual flame a candle is perpetual flame. So when that gandle done, what happened to the flame? And they are big educated people with 16 subjects drinking that. And God pull you out of that, you're blessed. If you stay where you were pulled out that they play the flame until the next service and when they're doing communion all man going for communion people would discuss and that's the only time in the Catholic church when everybody's friend peace and love brother and they going to take the thing from the priest mouth my god you can't tell me you had that in the message didn't take from this and that. My God since when listen when I get saved I give up all my rights. I don't have a right. All I have is wrong. Jesus carried my right. So I said Lord what should I do? He said go. So amen. Do you make up your mind and then God say Lord what should I do? Should I marry him? He had nice eyes. You make up your mind already and then going to ask God. Lord which church should I go? Should I go send the grandy or Londonville? Sorry, I won't get in trouble. So why you can't stay where you baptize? Why you can't stay where the word is? Where you can stay where the Holy Ghost is? Where you getting your soul feed? Well, Lord, I have a issue. There we go again. Am I issue with the brother? Am I issue with that fella? And who have I issue with you? And that's what the message is all about. You notice you bring me from a message and God just helping me now cuz I was supposed to tell you how this thing come about. It started with a horse, a white horse and I ride on it. And he had a plan to ride through the church and to conquer and to conquer and to conquer. One aim. Who you going to conquer? Them bench. No, the people. The white horse rider. And Satan smart. He come white. Where you riding? Within the framework of the true church. Not just the church. the true church cuz there's only one church you know. Amen. Just have many membered bodies but it's one church. That I tell you I'm not a Grenadian. I'm from the kingdom of heaven and you not Trinidadians. Amen. You supposed to say me what wrong with that [Applause] Grenadian by one spirit. We all baptized. The God that saved me is the God that saved you. And if God give me the Holy Ghost and he give you, how come we going different? [Applause] Same God, same baptism, same life. Amen. Amen. What shall we say to these things? Amen. You better have an answer by the time we finish. God demands it of you. Amen. This message is not for Grenada. It's for you. Amen. Amen. What shall you say to these things that you hear now? Don't come and tell me nice message. I don't get impressed with that. I come and do what the Lord want when I gone. I don't even look for pa anda. I afraid man. The further you can say for a man better. The closer you can say to Christ, you can't go wrong. [Applause] And that white horse rider changed because they get to recognize him. All right. He didn't change because he tired. He want to do more damage. So he changed to red. And anybody know red means something dead. Conquering. Conquering. Wake up, Trinidad. Don't sit down there sleeping. Something happening while you just there. Satan doesn't rest. He's not a man. Amen. That's true. When you resting, he ain't resting. He just I wonder what to tell him when he wake up. I wonder how I could trick him today. I will put the Lord always before me because he's at my right hand. No matter what the devil send, I shall not be moved. Listen, I believe in the genuine baptism of the Holy Ghost and nothing else. [Applause] Take all the rest. Brother, preach and message me say there's a highway, a way of holiness. And on that road, you walk in the middle. Why is made that way? So the water could wash the trash to the sides. me no trash. Hallelujah. One day I met a man who was in the army. He he fought in Vietnam. Actually, he's my neighbor. And we started talking cuz when I pick up people, I pick up people for spite. And I put on the prophet cuz if I even tell them, if I talk to them, the prophet talk to them. But they had to hear. And we started talking. And then we started talking about faith. He said, "You guys who are calling yourself Christians, you don't have faith. You're a bunch of wimps." I said, "How come?" He said, "Let me tell you something. I was in a helicopter flying going in the enemy territory and a bomb take the back of the helicopter." And I panic. I said, "Lord, you bring me down safely." And he bring down a broken helicopter and he landed safe. The man don't go to church. He said, "You guys who supposed to have faith don't have." And we who don't go to church, we have faith. He said, "You guys are a bunch of wimps." I'll never forget that. Me no whimp. So I started praying more. You think when you just start to pray, angels will come down? No, sir. God want to see how serious you are. It took us three years for us to see God moving. We have a man that was in coma. His struggle was 500 plus. The doctor said, "Go home. You have two weeks to dead. Go and prepare and meet your children." And so on and so on and so on. His wife was a member in the church. And I said, "Okay, we are going to God. But if God heal me, owe God's life." That was 5 years 6 months ago. Amen. The man have friends who had the same sugar who lose thumb, finger, leg and dead. Nobody ain't touch him yet. [Applause] So I know what I'm talking about. Prayer changes things. Message don't change things. Pray. Prayer is the only thing that make God say, "All right, No message prayer. Hezekiah. Yes, Lord. You say, "Boy, your time up." God, there's one guest you don't want in your house. He's unwelcome. But he's a guest because he must come. But he's not welcome cuz he heartless. Say ready, boy. And here say, "Are you ready?" Amen. Amen. He said, "I ain't ready and you know I've served you all these years." What he did in the past didn't help him. It's why he doing now. And that man went before God in sackloth. He went before God and he prayed. And God [Music] I wish I could shout this out down in the fifth rib. And God Hallelujah. said, "I've never done this before, but I'll grant him an extension and I'll prove it by making the clock." Oh, God. Tell me somebody. Oh, you watch watch. He going back. 15, not five. It was five. Did I say somebody hit the clock? 15. And each degrees was each five degrees was five years. He get 15 more years. Can you get God to give you 15 more years? You ain't getting it by just going through the motion. You ain't getting it byoop. Let me tell you, devils do that. Oh, I feel quivers. And what the quivers do your heart? The same condition. Amen. You're still lying. Amen. You still have bad mind. Well, brother, look what Jesus said. Not me. If you can't love your enemies that just take your butt and come back and ask you for another one. Amen. You ain't ready. Cuz some of you say, "No, no, no, no. I have more." I know. You lying. I don't want to give you. You bring it back yet. Suppose God had a man testing you. Come on. Amen. You know how many times I have had to go back and say, "Look, I'm sorry. I apologize." Do it now. Go back and tell your wife who just tell you, "You're worthless. You're no good as a husband and go back and call her honey." Bring out the honey. Bring it. Bring that word. Bring that word without the Holy Ghost. It's not coming. I had a case where I missed something and I tell and I sent a text to my wife. I didn't know it but I miss it. So I figure she will have it. I say when you finish with that and you take your photo copy, bring it back. She sent me back a text. Now I know you're crazy. What thing I have? I said, well Lord, where you could go? But you notice what's in it. I didn't accuse her. But I say when you're finished with it, because you can't put fire on fire. You got to pour water. You have to learn how to talk to your wife is you're a Christian. You have to learn over. Learn over. You can't come with them old thing. New heart I will give you. New spirit I will give you. Where is it? [Applause] You can't rest it down. [Applause] So I said, "Lord, something wrong." So I run home. I said, "Nah, something wrong." And I go and I dump the thing and I I flip it over. Bam. And there is the thing. I said, "Oh God, do you know what I had to do now? I had to go and say apologize." Yes. So I take the shortcut. I send it by text. Hurry. So so so because it's not the same as facing it. So so so I apologize and so on. But you done there. So I came to the church and I say I owe my wife a a um a honey or a sweetheart. I owe I don't know when to slip it in cuz I don't know when to slip it in. And I they checking and I looking for a movement and I looking for a time to slip in. Honey and loud enough here. No, not so honey. Think good. How you do? Cuz God had to teach me over. There are a lot of things I now learn since I start praying that things I didn't know. And I thought I was ready for the rapture. Oh God, thank God he didn't come. Hallelujah. [Applause] Right now I'm walking straight. Every day we in labor we learning how to treat one another, how to speak to one another, how to deal with one another. Let's go on to perfection. [Applause] I don't have the same church that we had before. Before we got praying, I didn't know who was on who. No. When we come and I I don't do like other fellas. Once you get saved as a young fellow, I g them busy. No time for the devil come and put nest in your head and light that thing. Oh, right. Use a young handsome fell. No. So, next one. And I g them things to do. Opposition in the church because you know you can't fail now. And them fellas growing. They praying. They coming before God. Look, I probably one of the few ministers that ain't have no trouble. And it's not because they're afraid maybe because you could see I afraid you but it's because of the Holy Spirit. I want the Holy Spirit leading a church. They have no high and they have nothing different. You know what I just tell them? Don't call me pastor unless it's absolutely necessary or you're there around people. Call me brother because a pastor hard to do. So true. Pastor mean shepherd. Pastor mean that. And I have family too. Them don't call me pastor. Them say [Music] daddy. I have five children. So anything happened to them I had to deal with that before God. And now I have a whole church that God give me a burden for that I can't separate. When them sick, I sick. Amen. And then when we say let's pray, everybody pray. We had a young lady who was in hospital. They had to get blood and she was supposed to be in a bad condition. She had a tumor growing and I said, "Oh God, touch that child." And I give her a string and I say, "Every day, measure it." She said, "Brother Tim going down." She came out of hospital real quick. Look at my daughter there. I didn't think I she'll be here, but God answers prayer. Even when you didn't think it coming. What is faith? Faith is when a brother do you wrong and you ain't giving back no wrong and you accept it. Faith is believing God going to handle it. But if you is not a faith person, you go handle it works and you come under the law. Let me tell you the law was not perfect. It could make nobody perfect. God scrap it. If you ask them, there's your loss. The rich man kept every law, all 10, and he end up in hell. Don't tell me about what you did. Tell me about what he is doing in you. [Applause] Unless he has full preeminence in you, then you're not your the token is not on display. Amen. The your confession is not accepted. When you bring your confession before God, it's not drop and go. You know, you have to wait for him to take it up and God help you. You only taking it up when it sees that it's complete. God don't take no halfway prayer until you get absolutely 100% serious with God. God will not get serious with you because God is always 100%. [Applause] Amen. So where we going? You going with me? Amen. Onto perfection. And it don't just come. So it comes with a prayer life. You can't leave with prayer. Nobody. If you go back to street prayer. If you go back to William Brham, what made him unique? Prayer. Imagine a man having 30 visions in a day. Amen. And a vision is seeing things in a day. Just so he transcended both quarters. Brother Brham is the only man that could go in hell and search for you. He said, "I went and I searched and I found him." You find him. You're not built for that. But God could find him. Amen. Amen. Not because God gone. Amen. Amen. I never thought I'd live to see the day. I love this message. I'll give my life for this message. But when I see what's going on with it, ashamed. A shame. Amen. I just apologize to God when I praying for this message and it stated it in. It was not the intention for William Brham to bring a message with all this mess. A shame. Come on people pulpit. Amen. If God didn't call you, leave the pulpit. When the white horse rider come in and he come with a black now, you know where he attacks the pulpit. Amen. He don't interfere with you. Walk them from here defin. So God help us with them. Some of them pastors, if the people can live higher than them, what they have I have two sisters in the message. I grew up in a very close-knit family. My father was a praying man. Thank God for them. And I live to see my two sisters split because one day with this side and one with that side from New York we special about New York. What? You better make sure you have it right. What's special? Yes sir. I never been to a convention and from what I'm hearing I miss none. Sorry if you get offended but I I I I just tell brother M when I'm talking to him just as it is. How could these things be? If I'm representing a message and we representing heaven man I want the truth not this. Amen. Lord I have a Muslim friend. He know the Bible as good as me. And that man believe in his faith and I believe in mine. But that man better than us. Oh God, somebody help. But it takes you to bring the change. Why don't you rise up? Rise up and live out what God called you to be. Amen. And stop footing and just sitting down there lazy. Break the egg. We get so relaxed. And it easy to spoil in Trinidad. Look around everything nice. How you why you get you to pray when everything nice? Man serve God by need. What is yours? I need a new car. that you need. You wouldn't serve God. When you get a car, you're gone. I just come to God and I say, "Lord, I don't know which one more important. But I can tell you, I love you and I need you, but I don't know which one first cuz my need is equal to my love. And God help you. I love him. And I will choose him first before I choose you." When I in trouble and think real bad, I can't call you. You know, I can't come now. [Music] Why you can't come? Well, I just hit the nap and just sleep just if you know where I've been to. All right. I didn't call you for a rosary [Music] is on duty and you want me not serve him right, you got to be mad. So help me God. I'll serve him with all my heart, with all my soul, with all my strength and a little more. I don't have time for games and excuses. There was a time for that. We need to get back to where we were when we gather just started church up in Kilik. What was it? Prisonwa. Yeah. Ask him the kind of people and what they were doing up there. Amen. And the anointing that used to drop down. Right now, if you get an anointing, you have to praise God. You don't even have to move. Lord, we even want to move because we don't we don't know when you're coming back. And who's doing the damage? That black horse rider. Somebody say, "Brother, I'm gone. He stop right." No, he stop right. He killed everybody. and where he start to write in the message. I never thought he was brave enough but he has done a good job in the message. Just imagine you know the word you know the truth and you let a man come in here. We should be ashamed to to treat churches that go be judgment every church for judgment. Make sure Sunday grande come out shining. Hallelujah. I only have one conquest. Make my calling on election. Sure. Paul say I see pulls coming in. You know it's a wolf a bad animal. And Paul see that sense when he was there. Did you realize when Paul gets saved, he went in the desert. When Jesus gets saved, he went in the desert. You say save. Yeah. When he gave the Holy Ghost, where he went in the desert? Why? To get away from man. When Jesus came back after 40 days, Paul come back after 3 years. Go and touch them now. Jesus came back in power. Paul came back in power. Have you been to the desert? I mean, some of us even the only desert we know is what we eat. I'm deadly serious. I didn't come here to get approval. I'm tell you here what God mind is. Take it or leave it. Amen. You don't have to agree with me. That know my business. God has handled the bigger stuff. Cuz I know I go and then you will continue your life. And if you didn't take care of these things that you heard, you're going right back on the same bicycle. A never ending bicycle only getting spiritually lazy and fat and doish. Sorry, the bride is not dish. Amen. Look, I'm moved. Hallelujah. I've been praying ever since the brother talked to me. Every day God came to me the two nights. I said, "Lord, what do I tell them? I'm a backward preacher. I don't do this. Ask it's not you. You ask me to come." I said, "Rat talk. I'll pray about it." And now by God's grace, I'm here. That's the last time you will hear cuz some of you might leave. Some of you might die. Hope not. But you better make sure you do something with it. Amen. When do I do it, brother? No. Some of you might say, "Well, brother Tim, I hear the word and I realizing I know after I get my holidays." Shut up. You're going back on the bike. You know, you have an exercise bike in your house ain't going away, but you're pedaling. a real That's a real trick. Going forward, going nowhere. You ain't missing no service. Where you going? Where's your spiritual identification? Amen. Where's your life? Where's the identification of the baptism of fire? Amen. Amen. I can preach to you know you have convention with the greatest preachers around the world. So you know what that means. Much requires much. To whom much? Help me now. I know you could talk English. To whom what? Much is given. What happens? You know what I told brother Theo? I said brother Theo the the the batter has passed to you. When New York fell, New York had something. I don't know what they are now cuz whatever they are now have my two sisters not talking. You think I could rest with that? What is this spirit? And people rejoicing. Are they crazy? Where is the love? Amen. Amen. Charity. Charity. Everything else you're nothing. Amen. One sister called me. She said, "Then then now preach and use the Holy Ghost. Lord God, you the Holy Ghost." Well done. Hear me. We're bringing up all them sick people. If it's the Holy Ghost, don't you see what would happen? You mean people cannot understand what book you read? You stop reading books. Yeah. Well, last you listen to the prophet. Well, you know, brother them children busy. Yeah. Yeah. Back on the bike. And then you say, "God is with us." Don't tell people that cuz the God I serve is a jealous God. Amen. Don't use your name in vain. Until God show himself, keep quiet. Amen. Amen. Now, I'm not talking about the church. I'm talking about you, the individual, until God show himself personally to you. Amen. Stay in prayer until you get it. You hear the song song I sing. I hear the sound from where? Heaven. Holy Ghost always come from heaven. Never from from the earth. There was a sound like a rush and mighty wind and it did what? It filled all the house. Hallelujah. God must come down to you. Amen. God ain't going to come to nothing filthy. That's right. Amen. The God I serve in, you only give Adam one chance. One. I said, "Oh, God. I only got one chance." And really and truly is wife he had sex with. Hello. You didn't know that. All it does use our what? Well, in here, we don't hide nothing. I don't believe in hiding. I believe you expose the devil, she'll never come back. You had sex with the wife and the man didn't get he didn't judge me. So why you do why? I could understand Eve listening to the servant. But you know what he did? He exchanged the word that God gave him for the word Eve gave him. That was his sin. You don't go exchanging what the prophet preach. Come on. Yeah. People agree to me. Unless you come on this thing. Yeah. You can't make it unless that Lord God you mean it's there we reach. Who helping who? But thank God I ain't g boy. Hold you up please. I pray for all you I ain't moving. Jesus Lord. I listen to the brother and we coming down and we just talking a little bit and I say brother put on the music thing too complicated by you know they have a new thing now. You and your wife are you in love with your wife? It's complicated. when I come out. So you have one of them complication with God. How's your life with God? It's complicated. You better run. When I finish, run to the pulpit. Run to the altar. Because you're just about time. Long ago, we used to preach about souls in prison. All them mighty messages you notice. Boy, don't talk that. Boy, don't talk that. to talk that me I want all I want everything so you could be rounded because why when I hear souls in prison I going out I want you to see it look what happened with Adam and Eve look what happened with Mary and Joseph check this out Mary and Joseph what shall we say to these things go to the man who is the inkeeper and I will show you how man is I don't know if it's Joseph talk or Mary talk sir my wife pregnant she just about to deliver we come from a far place watch we sweat you looking for a room and I will show you a man in change and that man watch that pregnant he hel he heavy laden woman and never say I could give you my He watched that woman. He watched that man with a heavy baby. Oh God. Even Even a dog does does take care of children. A dog would no ordinary child. Some man just handle God. Maybe if it was another child, he come in. That was the king of kings. And you have to understand who was anointing that man in the in ordinary you your your your belly your compassion just flow. Even if you was a Roman or a Jew or a Samaritan there was nothing. And that where we reach in the message there's nothing. Nobody with compassion. Look this message could be better than this. Look let's do something. Come on let's pray. Let's go down. nothing. My God. And where that coming from? The top. It's not the people that's spoiling it to him. That's why I tell you, surround your brother with prayer until he lift him up to go where you had to go. Amen. But I provided you are praying people cuz praying easy. Prayer is a a war. When we started, we thought we just run in there. But I tell you after the second year, after the first year, you see fellas come out. Wow. It's a journey. Amen. Now we flowing. We get accustom. Don't think of something you're just breaking and automatic, you know. Got to drop all them old trash on the side. You're going into the holies of holies, all issues and all feelings. Don't ever come to church with your own message. Amen. Or your preconceived message or or some kind of prejudice. Amen. Amen. I think brother T, you right on the one. Don't do that. Because you're putting God in a box. Your box. You can't put God in a box. You don't know what God will do. You don't know why he doing say sometime to make people vex. So you have to see what going on. Amen. Are you hearing me lober? I say lober. Are you hearing me s grand? And that's where we had to come in. Love your enemies. You know who's your enemy right now? Your wife, your husband, the one you talking to. All you say different room. You say, "Oh, my wife could be my enemy." Then why a vexo? You have room for me, boy. I hope you And be there in the message and two of you come to church. One on that side, one on that side. Husband and wife. And the only time they talk is in front of you. God bless. Hallelujah. When they go down in the car, not a word. Not even a gentle Jesus. Not a word. Where we going onto perfection? You can stay where you are, but if you want to go to perfection, it requires a surrendered life. Them nonsense can't work. I just tell when you get married is you and she going down in the hole. You have no step up till death. Oh lord. Well, you know, I didn't know. think well I me I live in him I live in him I'm going where [Music] you think there some kind of thing you buy in the store and you return it going where did you tell god unless you don't know who God is till death it's sickness and in health went good went in bad amen when I pour when he pour Oh wow. I ain't going. He ain't going. Do you take me? Yes. Duru. Do you take him? Yes, darling. What happened now? A horse inside a wedding. One of them horse come in the house. Horse don't supposed to come in the house. The rider inside there. mashing up your wedding and mashing up your life with Christ. Amen. Amen. And you can't see it. Now, if you live in good home, you could come here and live. What you is, Superman. It can't work. If you can't walk home, it can't work here. I just tell the saints, if your children can't behave in church, lead them home. The house of God is not a place for you to come and vote up and down. Teach them at home. Amen. Amen. Amen. You are very good church. You don't be up and down because you when you move your spirit is sensitive. And I applaud you. Hallelujah. Not every church have that. From the time during the singing, nobody move. But from the time the word come, [Music] that's the horse riding inside your home. right in inside your life and he would not leave until you're dead. Can you truly say you have a hunger and thirst for God now or you just like coming to church? Cuz if you're not driven by that thirst and that hunger, it go out. Amen. Amen. And then where are you going to be 5 years from now? When brother Tio and I getting older, where you going to be five years from now and brother Isaac and I'm going down to where you going to be? Let me tell you something. You your coming here had nothing to do with who preaching. [Applause] Your coming here is a personal experience by revelation. By revelation from God. [Applause] You know why I tell you that? Because I notice now when the pastor dead, the church's dead. Amen. Since when that can happen, homeboy, every man not to know God for himself. You don't come because well, brother Tio here so I coming. Oh, brother in Africa. So I ain't coming. What's wrong with [Music] you? So brother say nobody then. Well, them young and I old. What shall we say to these things? Amen. If God be for us, dumb them thing. Dump it. Oh, you're too bright. We could get a little dance. It does help. And I mean that because the more intelligent people eyes, the harder I forgot to reach them. I had a son and I hope my daughter go back and tell him. I grew him up praying and singing and so on. He went to university. No, I think I hear they say he so sure that he go I pay. Well, I don't want to give the figure but a lot of money for him to reach day was somebody fooling somebody. It cost so much money to lose your mind. Hallelujah. I'm glad that you're enjoying the message because then you can't hide and say, "I didn't hear." [Music] [Applause] I'm not talking a little bit of money, you know. I didn't take long. That's right. Wait for you to lose your mind. I tell you d education. Leave me where I is. That's right. I go stay in the station. Hallelujah. I will stay where God is. Where you could light that fire. Hallelujah. And keep me burning. Keep me burning. Keep me burning. If God be for us, Time for us to light the fire. Time for us to get on board. Time for us to get the anointing. Time for us to get on fire for God. Let's bow our heads. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If it is God, then there is not a normal fire. Hallelujah. If you are sons, if you adopted sons, then prove it. Don't be a member. Don't be religious. Brother, please softly only believe. Don't be like that woman that soul start to preach to her at her departed. You young people I'm challenging you this morning. We have a spirit in the world today. Young people don't washes. They don't do nothing. They eat and they're gone. As in the natural so in the spiritual. We have we have nurtured a lazy generation. And what cause it? We stop beat. We stop punish. We stop put the law down. We're not talking about law. I'm talking about the law of Moses. We stop discipline. And what happened? It came in the church too. Pastor stopped laid the word down. The people can't take it. Boy, they just stay and everything now soft like porridge. So the church dead. The church cold, stiff, starchy. for the wood stiff and starchy. There'll be very very few remnant that will escape the black horse rider. The pale one and start to ride yet. He comes after we go. Now that is all the colors mix. Who's in your life? The Holy Ghost or the horse rider? If God be in your life, what shall you say to these things? I can't force you, but if there's a light, if there's a spirit, if there's a talk, if something going on in you now, don't wait until you like that girl, she kept hearing it and turning it down, turning it down. After a while, you won't be able to respond to nobody. You get a professional way. You don't you don't come when God call. When lost, did you respond to God? Shouldn't we have a solemn assembly call this morning? We getting ready for the communion. How are you approaching it? You say, "Bim, I don't know. My life is just topsy to know your life is topsy to is your heart that topsy turby." Get it right. Repent. We have a open altar in our gate. Some of you come to the altar. Sometime you say, "I'm been going up there again, man. That horse rider has fooled you. It may be that last time that you turned down that you get turned off. If God spoke to you this morning, raise your hand." Excellent. Now, here's the here's the hard part. And if God spoke to you and you raise your hand, you can't get what I'm talking about in your seat. There's a lot of room here. Come, let's [Music] pray. God be with us. Come back. And I don't want you to do this and then when I'm gone, you're gone back. Say, Lord, so help me God. I don't move until I know that you are there. Come on, you won't get it again. If God is God, he will always be God. And if God could save me, he can save anybody. I feel his presence. I remember as a young boy, I had I had backsliden. I started preaching this message in 77 but I didn't have the Holy Ghost and I went to Caraku with my father and the Holy Ghost came down and a woman who was demonp possessed from the back of the church slid on her back like a snake and came right up and I ran behind my father's back and I said daddy save [Music] me preaching anybody could preach and I didn't have the life I'll never forget that And he just stood there and that demon power was broken by prayer. Then I came back down and I you know the cares of this life and the deceitfulness of riches and these things of the world like a snare. It pulled me and I was searching for something and I thought I could find it on the dance floor. I thought I could find it somewhere. So after work I used to work in a bank. I would go down there and I'll be dancing on the floor alone. I was searching and I was empty. I was empty. And every night I would leave last and I said, "Lord, and I tried to dance like them, trying to move like them, and I couldn't find it." No, God. The most wretched life is one who knows and [Music] can't. And I was going home about 3:00 in the morning and my sister Debbie before I reached the house, she heard me pull a chair and sat down. That was my spirit. It had arrived before I did. And then I came home wounded, broken, [Music] beaten. And I'll never forget that day. My father used to have morning devotion. And I just dropped to the front. I said, "Oh God, daddy, I surrender. Oh God, I can't fight anymore. I can't fight [Music] anymore. I give up. Oh God, I give up." And God began to work on me and drove me to the church. And I tell you, I beat on that ground from the back of the church to the front for hours. Oh, he washed me [Music] good. Oh God, I can't forget these things. I can't. I love him. I love him. Oh God, I love him. [Music] I love you. Oh god, I love you. [Music] [Music] Wow. Oh god. Show them Lord that I didn't [Music] lie. Touch somebody. Oh God, I can't do it. The rest is up to you. Spirit of the living God, come [Music] down. Shut up. [Music] [Music] I'm God. Why don't you fall on your knees somewhere? Talk to him. I can do it. You are to do it. You ought to come all the way back. All the way. Come back. Oh, all the way. The fact that you come means he's not finished with you. You're not doing the saving. God is doing the saving. You are doing your repenting. You are doing the [Music] repenting. Don't pass. He's always willing. Now, you going to get nothing from him if you're going to stay silent. You got to be sincere. How bad do you want him? No baby get anything from God by just being quiet. They scream until they can't even breathe. When last you had a old time old time fashion revival where God was shaking you. I promise you he's here. But you had to let go. You had a bus way. Don't be [Music] sty. You got to hunger. You got to thirst. Amanda thirsty. Don't mumble. Bust out from your safe net. on your comfort zone and cry. That's it. Don't be watching others. Don't be afraid of what would happen. Let go. Let the Holy Ghost strike you. Come on Sunday grandy. This is your last [Applause] ride. The Holy Ghost is ebing away. Oh, don't get left. It's real. There has to be somebody here. You're not going to gain nothing if you remain the same way. You got to do something you have never done before to get something you have never yet received. That's the word. There is no other way. I don't care what you think. Dump it. I don't care what you feel. Dump it. Come out from your shell. Some of you might be hanging over hell. Run. Say, Jesus, Father God, I give them to you. May the fire of God that's around this place, Lord, just take the whole place and sweep this place. May the fire of God hit the young ones, hit the old ones. Come on, little people. Trinidad, don't miss it. This is it. Come out. You have a voice. Then call. He did not say whisper. He said call and I will answer. Break out. It's a little softer. Just a little softer. Keep [Music] playing. What about you young girl over there? Mommy is not the problem. I am the problem. But Jesus is a solver. He's a problem solver. Come on. Come on, Sandy Grande. Don't miss it. Don't miss it. There is somebody here. Why don't you be like the woman? If I can touch the hem of his garment, you don't be looking at what happening. You be the happening. You be the one that's happening. Say, "Lord, I'm in a desperate position. I am in a terrible state. If I don't get desperate, I perish." God can revolutionize your home. God can revolutionize your husband. God can revolutionize your whole life. God can revolutionize your children. God can change what you don't think can change. You may have a sickness. You may have a problem, but God can touch you. I'm inviting you to him. The God that helped me can help you. [Music] Don't stop. God bless you. Wait, one more thing before I leave. [Music] If you don't call out to God this morning and really be desperate, you don't know when you'll get the next chance. Whatever the devil is showing you is a a mirage. It's a lie. The horse rider, he he come to destroy. God wouldn't send this message and you come here if there wasn't a need. I've been praying for [Music] days. Don't miss your chance. [Music] And when I tell you he comes to those who are calling, there were many blind men, but Zakius was different. Zakius cried out and when they tell him keep quiet, he shouted, "You don't have no pride when you have a [Applause] need. You don't have no pride when you have a need. You don't [Music] care. It's now in your hands. Jesus on your hands. God bless you. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Jesus call you. Oh, come on. Come. Oh, ye who are will come home. Earth. It's cold. Oh, come. [Music] [Music] Oh, you talk to the Lord this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Why should we turn when Jesus is pleading pleading for you and for me? Oh, why should we linger and he not his mercy? Mercy for you and for me. Come on. Oh, this morning. Come on. Oh, who are we from home? Oh yes Lord Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Oh, come my yellow Jesus. Come my yellow Jesus. Oh God, we need the Holy Ghost this morning. Change me, oh God. Change me, oh God. Father, I don't want to be the same no more. Oh, I don't want to be the same no more. Oh, hallelujah. You cry out this morning. Cry out before the face of God. Cry out. Cry out for your family. Cry out for your children. Cry out for your own selves. Oh, kneel before him. Scream before him. Make your appear before him. Don't leave this place this morning until you meet that pillar of fire. Don't leave this morning until you meet God. You need God. You need God this morning. Come on now. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Don't stop praying. Don't stop praying. Oh, don't stop praying right now. You pray without ceasing. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, don't let the devil lie to you. You can be delivered this morning. You can be set free this morning. Oh, you can be changed this morning. The devil is a liar this morning. He's lying to you. You can be delivered. You can be set free. There is a way out. black way is here this morning and his name is Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Somebody scream. Somebody worship this morning. Oh hallelujah. He's right next to you this morning. He is right next to you. He wants to fill you this morning. He wants to touch you this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Take me to the [Music] holy take me my lamb. Oh, take me to the holy, holy, take the cleans my take me past the out into the hol Holy place, Lord, past the praise and altar. Lord, I want to see your face. Take me past the crowd of people and the priest that sings their praise. Oh, I hunger and thirsty for righteousness, but it's only found one place. So, take me home. Take me this morning. Take me this morning. Take me by the blood. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Yes Lord. Feel right now. Hallelujah. Take me to the womb. The cold [Music] trans in the outer court justified in the inner court made clear. But in the holies of [Music] holies is the Holy Ghost itself. A mighty presence of Jehovah and I a prisoner of love. Oh, help me that you may rise in me. A capstone of love me. Yes, Lord. To the Yes, Lord. Oh, give him praise right now to me. Oh, yes, Lord. By the blood of the lamb, oh Lord. Oh, take me to the holy of holy Lord. Oh, take the call. Cleanse my lips. Here I am. Oh, somebody shout. Somebody scream out. Take me in this morning. Take me in this morning. Take me in this morning. Take me in this morning. Take me in this morning. Take me in. Go pass yourself. Go pass your flesh. Go pass your spirit down inside your soul with a shine of glory. Baptize you with fire. With fire. With fire. Oh, somebody shout. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. He is right now. He is delivering right now. He is making a way right now. He is breaking the chain right now. Right now you are going free. Shout and give God praise. Shout and give God glory. Shout and give him honor. He is doing something right now. Right now. The devil is a liar. You have made it. God is going to deliver you. God has got to deliver you. Get your spirit. Get desperate. You get desperate or perish. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, I got to get it. I got to have it. I need it. I need the Holy Ghost. I need a personal experience with that light, with the pillar of fire. Oh God. Oh God, fill me right now. Fill me right now. Right now. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Take these my here I need you Lord. I need you Lord right now. [Music] Oh I need you Lord. I need you Lord right now. Yes, Lord. I lift my hands and bow to worship your throne. I need you. I need you right now. Oh, would you feel that way this morning? Lift your hands and say, "I need you." Oh, I need you, Lord. right? Oh, won't you come by yellow tonight? Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I lift my hands. I lift my hand. Oh, we have to worship him this morning. I need you. Oh, I need you right now. Oh, one more time. I need you, Lord. Oh, I need you. I need you right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. How many need do you need him this morning? Oh, too. Oh, God. Oh, I need [Music] you. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, he's still dealing with people this morning. Oh, you just stay reverent. Holy Spirit is moving. He's moving down the aisles. He's He's in the back. He's in the front. He's all over. Oh, this place is milky this morning. It's It's consecrated unto him. Just lift your hands. Just worship him in his presence. Forget about who's around you. Forget about who's in front of you. It's you and Jesus. You and Jesus. You and Jesus. You and Jesus. You and Jesus. You and Jesus. You and Jesus. You and Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just give him worship right now. Just Just give him praise right now. Just begin to thank him. Just give him praise. Just begin to worship him right now. Just give him praise. Thank him for your deliverance. Thank him for the Holy Ghost. Thank him for blessing you. Thank him for delivering you. Thank him for healing you. Thank you
