################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-06-12 - Coming Into That Perfection - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle - Theo Ovid - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-06-12
Title:   Coming Into That Perfection - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_EGgsZOOf0
========================================

feel that way this morning. You feel ready to shout and praise God this morning. Hallelujah. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Oh, I've been redeemed. Oh, by the blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. S and sanctified I am. And all my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. I've been redeemed. I've been Oh, by the blood of the lamb. Oh, I've been redeemed. By the blood of the lamb, I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Saved and sanctified. I am. And all my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. Well, and if you have love, oh, and you want more. Oh, this morning. If you Oh, come on, sing. And you want more. Oh, if you have love and you want more, then shout. Praise the Lord. Well, and all my sins are under the blood. I'll be Oh, one more time. Well, and if you have love, oh, and you want If you have love, if you have love, oh, and you want more. Oh, if you have love and you want more, then shout. Praise the Lord. Well, and all my sins are under. Oh, I've been re Well, I've been Oh, and now Satan's mad. Oh, but I'm so glad. Oh, this morning. Satan, man. Oh, you better believe it. But I'm so glad. Oh, Satan's mad. But I'm so glad cuz he lost the sinner that he thought he had. And all my sins are under the blood of me. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. I've been redeemed. Oh, I've been redeemed. Oh, give him praise. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Saved and sanctified I am. And all my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hey hallelujah. He died for you. He came back for you. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. We're here to praise him this morning. Praise the risen king. He is the champion of our salvation. Hallelujah. He is the matchless one. He is the holy one. Amen. What is his name? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Jesus took my burdens and rolled them in the sea. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. If you want to know where my burdens are this morning, they're in the sea. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Are you feeling that way this morning? Oh, well, Jesus took my burdens and rolled them in the sea. Oh, he rolled them in the sea. Oh, he rolled them in the sea. Oh, and now I have a peace. all that he has given me. Oh, and all my sins and burden. He rolled them in the Oh, sing Jesus to my birth. Oh, and he rol them in the Oh, yes. He rolled them in the sea. Oh, he rolling. Oh, well. And now I have a peace. Oh, that he has given me. Oh, and all my sins have burn. He roll me. Jesus took well. Jesus took my birth. Oh, and he roll. Oh, he roll and he roll in the sea. I know he roll. Oh, and now I have a peace. Oh, that he has given me. Oh, and all my sins and murder. He rode. Oh, Jesus took. Well, Jesus took my birth. Oh, and he roll. He roll. He rolling. Oh, he rolled me in. Oh, and now and now I have a peace. Oh, that he has given me. Oh, I know my sins and murder he roll. Oh, I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to Lord glorify the name. Oh, I came to the Lord. Glorify by the name of the Lord. I came to glorify. Oh, I came to glory. I came to glory. Glorify the name of the Lord. I came to glorify his name. Oh, I came to the Lord. Py the name of the Lord. I came to glorify. Oh, one more time. I came I came to Lord. I his name. Oh, give him praise. I came to the Lord. Give him glory. Oh, his name. I came to Lord. Glorify. Oh, the name of the Lord. I came to glorify his name. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Many, many. Yes, Lord. Oh, did you come to glorify him this morning? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. In my life, Lord, be glorified. Amen. Be glorified today. Amen. Is that your prayer this morning? Is that your desire? Hallelujah. that he be glorified this morning above everything else. Above all your problems, above what's going on in your mind, he's glorified. Even in your trials, he is glorified in your persecutions. He is glorified. Oh, you're giving glory to him. Sing to him now. Oh, in my life, lift your hands and sing. Oh be glorified. Oh be glorified. Oh in my heart. Oh Lord won't you be glorified oh today. Can we take it up? Amen. Touch your heart and sing in my in my heart. Oh be glorified. Oh be glorified. Oh in my heart. Oh be glorified today in your word Lord. In your [Applause] world and your word the Lord me glorify oh today I just worship him in your own way this morning. Oh hallelujah. Oh yes Lord Jesus come and be glorified. [Music] Oh Lord, we glorify you today. Oh, I lift you up, Lord. Oh, I magnify you this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, can you see him this morning? Can you see him this morning on his throne of glory? Oh, he is glorified this morning. He is magnified this morning. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Worship him. Worship him. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh Lord. Oh be glorified today. Oh hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh Lord you are so precious to me. Amen. How many feel like worshiping him this morning? Oh his presence is right here this morning. It's all around us. If you would but just lift your hands right now and just worship him. Just begin to worship him. Just begin to praise him. Just begin to feel his presence around you. His angels are all around us. Yeah. Hallelujah. That's that presence that came with you this morning. It's been around you all the time. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. How many love him this morning? How many want to worship him this morning? Oh, we come to bow at his feet and tell him how much we love him. Hallelujah. Oh, because you first love me. Oh my Lord, you are so pray. [Music] Oh Lord, you are so great and I love and I love you. Yes, I love you. Because because you love me. Oh, and I love you. Oh, yes. I love you. Because because you first love me with all your heart singing alone. You are so great. Oh my Lord, you are so preious to me when I love you. Yes, I love you. Oh, you love me. Oh, and I love you. Yes, I love because you love. One more time without the music. Without the music. Oh Lord, you are Amen. So preious to me. Oh my Lord. Oh, you are so preious to I love you. Yes, I love you. Oh, because you first love me and I love you. Yes, I love you. Oh, because you first love me. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Oh, are you ready for the word this morning? Amen. Why don't you turn around, get your brother, reach your sister, reach somebody one more time. Let's get ready to sing that song. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Praise God. Amen. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Jesus on the inside and it's working on the outside. I know what a change in my life. Oh, I Jesus on the inside and he's working on the outside. And oh, what a change in my life. Oh, I know that is Jesus on the inside. on the outside and all in my life. Oh, oh, what a change. Well, now I have joy when I have joy on. And it's working on me. I know what a change in my life. Oh, and I have joy on the inside. working on my life. Oh, I know I Jesus on the inside. I have Jesus on me. Oh, and it's working on me out. Oh, I know what a shame in my life. Oh, this morning Jesus came on the outside and want to change my life. Oh, he want my [Applause] Give him a shout of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Somebody in Jesus name. Oh Jesus on the inside. [Applause] [Laughter] What a change. What a change. One more time. Oh, Jesus inside. Jesus on the inside. Working on the outside. Oh, change in my life. Jesus is the killer. Oh, what a change. Change in my life. It's Jesus on the inside. Jesus on the inside working. Oh, what a change. Wow. Hallelujah. Boy songs are good. We got to sing it one more time. Jesus on the inside. Jesus on the inside working out in my life. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus on the earth. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus. Jesus. He's working. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Father, we worship you. Father, we bless your name. Father, we glorify your name. You're worthy this morning. Thank you for your presence. Thank you for your power. Thank you for your love. Oh, praise God. you love him this morning. Oh, praise God. We want to go straight into the word. So, if you have your Bibles, I like you to turn to Ephesians chapter 4, Hebrews chapter 6, Matthew chapter 19. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. The secret is the word Jesus is in the bride. Amen. Ephesians chapter 4 want to read from verse 11 to 13. And he gives some apostles and some prophets and some past evangelists and some pastors and teachers for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ. till we all come into the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the son of God unto a perfect man unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. Hebrews 11, Hebrews 6 rather, sorry verse one. Therefore, leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perfection. Yes, sir. Not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works and of faith towards God. Our final scripture from Matthew chapter 19. We want to read from verse 16 to 22. And behold, one came and said unto him, Good Master, what good thing shall I do that I may have eternal life? And he said unto him, why callst thou me good? There is none good but one that is God. But if thou wil enter into life, keep the commandments. He said unto him, which Jesus said, thou shalt do no murder. Thou shalt commit and not do not not commit adultery. Thou shalt not steal. Thou shalt not bear false witness on thy father and thy mother. Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. The young man saith unto him, All these things I have kept from my youth up. what lack I yet? And Jesus said unto him, If thou will be perfect, go and sell what thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven, and come follow me." And when the young man heard that saying, he went away sorrowful, for he had great possessions. Let's pray. Father, we thank you for your word this morning. Such a blessing to be in your house and in your presence and to feel your spirit. Father, come among your people and speak. Bring life, Lord. The spirit is what bring the word to life. For the letter killth, but the spirit giveth life. And we pray this morning that life be given out here this morning to the hearts of the hearers. Lord, may their lives be transformed. That that song over the change would be a reality. Father bless those who will be connected to us this morning and those who would hear the tape. May your presence be with each one of us Lord in Jesus name we ask it. Amen and amen. You may be seated. Well we greet you in the precious name of Jesus. Hallelujah. You are here and those connected to us on the internet. God bless you. Welcome to our Sunday morning service. Hallelujah. Where we feast around the word of God. Amen. Where we come to get empowered. We come to get edified and strengthened and built up. We come to get fortified. You come to get refueled, retoled. You got to get some fresh bullets for the battle that is launching that the devil out there. All the bullets you shoot and miss and hit and some, you lose some. You come to get refuelled. You got to get recharged. That's what you come to church for. You don't come to occupy a pew. You really come to church to get recharged. So this morning I have something up on my heart and uh all of this is in we going down towards the convention coming up and this is all this is preparation mode to get our hearts and our spirits where we want to be where we should be. Amen. And remember as you can make it out to the Thursday prayer meeting don't fail to do so come out Tuesday right here in the tabernacle. So this morning I have a title coming into that perfection. That's the title. Amen. Coming into that perfection. Amen. I have an inspiration. Let us go on to perfection. Amen. And have a team prophecy and process. Amen. Don't let that frighten you too much. PP prophecy and process. I have a context scripture from Luke 8:14. It reads, "And that which fell among thorns," talking about the seed parable, "Are they when they have heard go forth and are choked with cares and riches and pleasures of this life and bring no fruit to perfection." Amen. That's my context scripture. So this is a certain class because this class growing. Yes. This is not dead wayside people. This is people that springing up saying hallelujah. Saying amen. Read the Bible now and again. Or read the Bible when the pastor say, "Oh, turn your Bible to open the scriptures." These are people that lukewarm. Yes. Sometime on fire, sometime they're not. up and down, in and out, but they let things choke them. Bible identify three specific thing. Cares, which is legitimate. Car is not illegal. Yes. You have to carry out the garbage. That's right. You have to clean the yard. Come on now. At least supposed to make up a bed. I'm not going there. But cares. You have children to care for, grandchildren to care for, whatever. You have cares of life legitimate. But you see, you have to have a passion for God. That even though you're taking out the garbage, you're taking back, but the anointed, you're inspired. Your heart is hungering. Hallelujah. You want to worship, you want to call upon the name of the Lord. Praise God. You're focused. And you have a passion for God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You're not letting the cares take you over. It's cares, riches, and pleasures. Well, riches that take people over, knock them over flat, horizontal. Yes. Clean. Because when they have riches, they don't even need God. They want a car, they buy a car, they want a house, they buy a house, they want a helicopter, to buy a helicopter, they want a plane, they want a jet, they want anything, they want to buy it. They could buy it. They pay for a doctor. pay anything you want afterwards. They they wish they could pay for God riches. But all these things have a choking effect because the what God put in our hearts is to cry after him. So anything stifling that cry, it can't be God. There have to be a deep in you thirsting and hungering whether you are king or whether you a lowly peasant because that didn't stop David from saying as the heart p after the water broke. So my soul thirst after the living God. Hallelujah. That that can't stop you because you're this, you are that. You can't worship. You can't praise God because you get a new dress and you don't want your your ties swing this way. So you had to be very careful because your jacket now pressed this morning and you don't want your jacket get disturbed. You can't be in that. You want to be like David. When David see the ark coming along the road, David begin to dance and his hoyy doy wife trying to put pressure on him to behave himself. How you could behave yourself when the king is coming in power. How you could behave yourself when the lamb took the book. How you could behave yourself when your deliverance is at hand. [Applause] Hallelujah. You may be seated. You're Your hand Your fingers start to move and you're supposed to behave yourself. Your foot paralyzed and your toe start to move and you expect me just watch the toe moving. Oh, your toe moving. You've got to be crazy. Hallelujah. You once was blind and God open one eye and you just say, "Oh, God, my eye open. One eye open." Come on. You had to rejoice. Praise God. You have to thank him in advance for what he's about to do. He's about to deliver. He's about to set the people free. Oh yes. Oh yes. Not less power. More power. Every service more power. Oh hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. You may be seated. Those demons will be telling each other time to leave, time to leave, time to leave, time to leave, time to leave. They have to leave. And my name shall cast them out. Oh, glory to God. Those spirits upon your life, reserv. [Applause] [Music] All right. Tell us prophecy. Tell us and process. All right. With every prophecy, there's a process. All right. To get to that prophecy. My Lord. Amen. Matthew 2:3 and 6. When Herod the king had heard these things, three wise men come into city. Yes. And said about where is he born king of the Jews? Because we see a star way in the east. We traveling for two years and we come to worship. We recognize the church is dead. We recognize there not in no atmosphere. We recognize nothing under expectation but we in the spirit because for 2 years now we journeying to dynamics. We journeying to see Messiah. We journeying. Hallelujah. You're not hearing what I'm saying. [Applause] Thank you. So Herod shook up cuz these men didn't come normal. Morning Herod. Good day Herod. Do you have any tour guides? We want to see a tour around the city. They didn't come to tour. They may come two years on camel back all kind of bandits and robbers and they guided by the star. They come two years they want a tour of Jerusalem. They come to see Messiah. They come to talk about where is he? They come to discuss anything with no minister association. Them dead as dawn. They blind as a bat. They may see nothing because they were seeing. They was going to be worshiping. They was going to join Revelation chapter 5. They was going to understand the lamb took the book and the book of redemption was being unfolded. Glory to God. But these three wise men, wise men, not foolish men. Wise men. They thought everybody excited like them. Hallelujah. They thought everybody in twos like them. They thought everybody on fire like them. But where is he? [Applause] And them preachers but who who you talking about? And they in in the Moses message. Hallelujah. So when Herod the king got these reports these these shaken the nation dynamical effect these things that has shake the nation short quick let's go right up to the king you know to the top level when Herod the king had heard these things he was troubled not only him and all Jerusalem with him all hallelujah oh my you know what I say can coming all Jerusalem going to be shaken all the church world going to be shaken what's happening a bride is coming into that [Applause] perfection oh hallelujah last week when that which is perfect is come go over pat part is accepted until are you not hearing what I'm saying part is okay until but when that which is perfect is come don't bring part you better bring perfection oh are you with me now do you see it when they had gathered together all the chief priests scribes and Pharisees gathered together so now they gathered together because they hear something he demanded of them where Christ should be born now they this that should be the top of the town They should have known that because they had all the quotes. They had Moses scrolls. They had all the word. They had 400 years to talk about Moses said and Moses said and the prophecy said, "But now at the man come tell me where he was supposed to be born." And they said unto him, "In Bethlehem of Judea, for thus it is written by the prophet." They quote in scripture. Now you find me quote. You find me quote. We play it here. and thou Bethlehem in the land of Judah at now the least of the princes of Judah for out of le shall come a governor that's shall my people Israel [Applause] that is the prophecy yes amen amen now let's look at the process and it came to pass in those days that they went out a decree is a Luke chapter 2 1-5 from Caesar Augustus that all the world should be taxed yes taxed Yes. And this taxing was first made by Sirenius, governor of Syria, and all went to be taxed, everyone in his own city. And Joseph also went up from Galilee out of the city of Nazareth into Judea into the city of David which is called Bethlehem to be taxed with Mary his exposed wife being great with child. So the prophecy say Jesus going to be born in Bethlehem but Mary is not in Bethlehem. How does the prophecy fulfilled? Tell us. Tell us. What is the process? All right. That takes it to fulfillment. All right. Hallelujah. It's one thing to know the prophecy, but what about the process? The process means taxation. They talk the process means order have to come down to get Mary to move from that position to your position. What about the prophecy over your life? [Applause] to every prophecy. Here we go. There's a process. Come give the Lord a shout in the house. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. Prophecy John 20:21. Jesus said unto them, "Peace be unto you. As my father sent me, even so send you." And when he had said this, he breathed on them, "Receive you the Holy Ghost." Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Prophecy. Receive the Holy Ghost. Somebody walk testimony. He told me receive the Holy Ghost. He didn't tell them you are the Holy Ghost. He tell receive the Holy Ghost. Amen. But look at the process. Luke 24:49 says, "And behold, I send the promise of my father upon you, but carry ye in the city of Jerusalem until you be endued with power from on high." And he led them far as to Bethany, lifted up his hands, blessed them, and it came to pass while he blessed them, he was parted from them, and carried up into heaven, and they worshiped and returned to Jerusalem with great joy. and they were continually in the temple praising and blessing God. That was the process. It can't be power coming down and you don't part of the process. It can't be you want to pass your exams and you're not studying because studying is part of the process to be successful in your examination. It cannot be you looking for a job and you sit at home, you are lying to yourself. You're not looking for a job staying home. No, you can't be looking for a promotion and you're not trying to improve your skill set. There is a process for you to go higher. For you to go further. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Give the Lord a shout. Amen. They could understand way that they happened to the sea just fall on them. So they could come one service and afterwards you see them again. They rejoice as if you can understand one of the rock they shout up a little bit glory hallelujah they no roots so the sun hit them so they gone but the last two is very interesting let's deal with the very last one those that fell on good ground you don't have to worry about them they breaking out they pushing out they have something inside of them a sense of purpose sense of destiny going only watch them have problem touching They are different breed all together. Hallelujah. They're just different. They just take the kingdom by violence. Violent take it by force. They have no you can't say no for an answer. They just make the no become yes because they will knock and keep on knocking. They will ask and keep on asking. Oh, come on now. Give the Lord some praises. They're different kind of people all together. That that's a good ground kind of people. They just don't care what the neighbors say, what the people say, what others say. They don't care. What they care about is what God said. [Applause] Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. I love it. Hallelujah. Going against the system of things. There some people like to go with the tide. Water flowing so they going with it too. End up like a driftwood. Just where the water take you your land, where life take you and something always do. You there's always an excuse why you are where you are, how you are. You never in control. Never determine what your actions going to be. All right. That's not how it going to be at all. That's how God train his sons and his servants. Look at God tell Joshua. Joshua was no no man. Joshua don't know all the things ahead. God God have no time to waste. That what I like about him, you know. He's not a wasting time. God, he said, "Moses, my servant, is dead." Now, Joshua, take them people over. Every place you put your foot is yours. No man shall be able, this is God talking to Joshua. No man shall be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life. As I was with Moses, so I will be with you. I will not fail you, nor forsake you, but I'll be with you. Just meditate on the word day and night that you will have good success. This book of the law must depart. Success is guaranteed. I am your guaranter. Oh, help me Jesus. Help me Jesus. [Applause] No man. Shall we stand before thee? All the days of you know I like our God is a awesome God. They cross Jordan and the first trial first thing they going to see is Jericho. Why God didn't give them some land to cut down with brush and cut last or something. Why God didn't get them? Sometimes not easy with a bow and arrow and just God loose them and make them pick one big ball and and Joshua had to shake his head and good Lord have mercy. Did you see that wall said char on the wall? Those guys are fortified, but they're trembling because they heard about the God of Israel. They heard about great exploits. Oh, if you think I'm here just to be standing behind this pulpit and talking talking, you are wrong. The whole creation has grown in four. Not not more preachers, not more talkers, not more explainers and teachers. We had 40 years of that. The creation is groaning for the manifestation of the sons of God. You may be seated. Thank God Joshua is Joshua. When you see the wall, you didn't faint, put up and fall right back and knock out coal for 6 hours. I said I don't know cuz this is a first time first time testing of his leadership. Joshua sen sword praying in his heart how to take this how to take this I have to take it. I ain't passing around it. I ain't I ain't going around it. I ain't going no way. If I can't take this then I finish. You told me every place I put my foot is yours. I've got to take this. This demon have to leave. This spirit have to leave. This sickness have to leave. This condition have to leave. I'm not moving till something happen. I'm not moving. I'm not moving. I am not moving. God, you told me you will not forsake me. I'm waiting on you. Oh, get the Lord. I shout in the house. [Applause] You may be seated to show you how on point that man Joshua was at. He had a rustling. He had a man moving. Immediately throw a sword. Are you for us or are you against us? Are you playing in this hour? Come on now. I want to know where you stand. Tell me where you stand. Glory to God. Hallelujah. I am trained, sword up, and I'm ready to go. Oh, give the Lord some praises, people. We're not walking without our sword. Every service, we have our sword. That man said, "Put away your sword." I'm the captain of the host, the Lord's host. Joshua, bow down. Hallelujah. And worship. Bow down. Why? because he know the man who the main man come to give instructions. Tell him this is the process. Hallelujah. You're going to take it. But there's a process to take it. You have to walk around Jericho. Don't look at the walls. Keep your head down on the ground. Just keep walking. Keep keep walking. Keep walking. Don't look at your child. Just keep walking. Don't walk. Don't look at your family condition. Just keep walking. Don't look at your sickness. Just keep walking. Don't let the sickness frighten you. Don't let the condition frighten you. Don't let the bills frighten you. Don't let what don't let that frighten you. You're going to take it. You're going to possess it. Because I told Abraham, "Thy seed shall possess the gates of the enemy." Oh, give the Lord some praises, people. [Applause] My God, I feel like dancing this morning. Oh yes, I feel like shouting this morning. I see those walls rocking. Maybe they didn't come down yet, but they coming down. They got this mountain got to be moved. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Now watch. You may be seated. We talking about process. As Joshua got instructions, he had to pass those instructions to the people. Don't break rank. Listen for instructions. That is why you can't stay home and play a tape and get this. That is why the Bible said don't forsake the assembling of yourself together as some of the man is. They got to come in church to get a word rightly divided and a man of God preach it real present tense to you. Oh give the Lord some praises [Applause] people instructions of the process. You're going to walk around seven times. Seven times. Six times. Seven times on the seven days. seven times because there are seven seals and there are seven thunders. It's not seven seals alone. You have seven thunders after that. If you walk on seven times, you'll get tired. Hallelujah. You have seven more times on the seventh day to represent seven living voices. That's the tunnel going to shake the devil. It's not enough to walk around seven times. You got to walk around seven times on the seventh day. That's when the devil kingdom going to [Applause] Seven seals is not enough. [Applause] It take those voices. It takes those voices. Live voices. Live. Not talking voice. Live voices. Oh, I feel a tingling inside of here this morning. Demons shaking, rocking inside of here. Oh, give the Lord some shows inside of here. If you never show before, open your mouth and give God some praises. [Applause] God told Joshua what to do. Can you imagine those people looking down first day? They walk around and say, "Okay, okay. Who is that?" Amen. No cannon. You know cannon ball light a bullet and light something and they have no cannon. They have no catapult that any no serious weapon of warfare to to to say the wall's coming down. Just walking people. Granny walking, young walking, man holding the baby and walking. Everybody walking. Grandma, grandpa, auntie, tanty, gray hair, bald head, young hair, fancy hair cut, flat cut. Everybody walking and they walking quiet, no noise. There's a rocking thing, you know. You don't know when what them people doing. They're under silence. Only only when I beat you to shout. Did you hear what I said? Only when I beat you to shout, then shout. [Applause] First day, all right, they walk. Second day walk. After the third day, then people say, "Oh, are they walking?" That's just a normal routine. They're exercising. They They're losing. They're checking the calories. They're checking the weight. They they keeping fit. They have nowhere else to walk. So So they're using wrong Jero as a a park. Hallelujah as a walkway to walk around. The only thing that that interrupt them is what happened the seventh day. When the first walk finish and they recognize they walking again, they say again, this is the different day. Yes, it is a different day. It's a day of your deliverance. It's a day of your victory. It's a day when you're going to go free. It is a different day. Therefore, we have to make a different walk. Oh yes, we taking a different [Applause] turn. Maybe sees and we know the story when they walk seven time they begin to shout the walls come down. Victory. Yes. Victory. Yes. How many want to get victory? Victory over the enemy. Victory over your Goliath. Victory over them Philistine. You got to get You will get it. You must get it. Come on now. The people that know their God shall be strong and do great exploits. I'm not here to tell you how weak you are. No, no, no. I'm not to sympathize with you how weak you are, how struggling you are, and how the devil beat you down. I'm not here to talk that kind of talk. I'm here to tell you how strong you are and greater is he that is in you that he trying to stop you. I here to tell you there is a liar. He's a bluffer in front of your cell. Push the gate. Push the gate. The bad luck is not there. You can break out. You can get out. You can step out. Yes, you are. You can make a difference this morning. [Applause] Hallelujah. May be seated. I doubt very much I would be able to finish this list today. So serve your notice one time to be continued. Amen. Next week if we go. Now God is not just concerned about you getting to the finish line but how you get there because some people take shortcuts. Yes. Whoa. 1 Corinthians 9 24-27 states, "Know ye not that they which run in a race run all, but one receiveth the prize?" So run that you may obtain. And every man that striveth for the mastery is temporate in all things. Now they do it to obtain a corruptible crown, but we are incorruptible. Therefore, I This is Paul now. This is not I talking bad about Paul. This is Paul giving his own testimony. All right. Amen. This is Paul's testimony. Could we say amen? Amen. Paul say I therefore so run. Not as uncertainly so fight I not as one that beat the air but I I Paul I keep my body and bring it into subjection. Amen. This is processed now to get to the end product of the race to win this race. Amen. I keep my body and bring it under subjection least by any means when I have preached to others. I myself should be a cast away. Paul was playing wasn't saying I'm brother Paul. You remember you respect the Apostle Paul. He wasn't talking that. Amen. He was bringing it down real. He was saying, "You know what? If I don't get this right, I'll be a castaway." So, I want to get this thing right. Now, the amplified says, "Now, every athlete who goes into training, conducts himself temporarily, and restricts himself in all things. They do it to win a REIT that will soon wither. We do it to receive a crown of eternal blessedness that cannot wither. Therefore, I do not run uncertainly without definite aim. All right? I do not buck like one beat in the air and strike him without anniversary. There's no air boxing and you if you're a winning, there's nobody there. So, all you doing motions and there's no real enemy there. You have no bull to fight. You no maniac man. You have no you have encountered nothing. or you fight and some of us that's fight up with ourselves. God can't send you on trial because you still caught up in you. Hallelujah. God had to get you out of you to send you on a trial. You have fight with your own self. Thank you Jesus. You tripping yourself. Everybody walk and they and they trip down the self they fall down. Nobody trip down. You're walking so crazy that you're tripping your own self. Come say pray for me brother. No, pray for the bed. Pray for me. Hallelujah. Paul said, "Therefore," these amplified, "I do not run uncertainly without definite aim. I do not box like one beat in the air and strike him with an with with without an adversary, but like a boxer. I buffet my body, handle it roughly, discipline it by hardship, subdue it for fear that after proclaiming to others the gospel and things pertaining to it, I myself should become unfit and and have not stand a test, be unapproved, and rejected as a counterfeit. God, that is not that is not skim milk. Amen. 2 Timothy 2:1-5. Hallelujah. Read your Bible and pray every day. My Jesus. Amen. And it will grow. Timothy. Now therefore, my son, be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus. And the things that thou has heard of me among many witnesses, the same commit unto faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also. Thou therefore endure hardness as a good soldier of Christ. Listen to this now. No man that warth entangling himself with the affairs of this life that he may purpose that he may please him who has chosen him to be a soldier. Amen. Hallelujah. And if a man also strive for masteries yet here we go. He is not crowned except he strive lawfully. Are you still with me now? Amen. So, it's not just winning the race, but it's how. Now, let's take a look at the amplified of these verse. Take with me your share of hardship and sufferings which you are called to endure as a good first class soldier of Christ Jesus. I like that. First class soldiers. No soldier when in service get entangled in the enterprise of civilian life. Now the soldiers inside of here will understand that soldier is not a civilian. Soldier is a soldier. Isn't that right? His aim is to satisfy and please the ones who enlisted him. And if anyone entered competitive games, he is not lawfully crowned unless he competes lawfully, fairly according to the rules laid down. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? But Ram says this, Napoleon was defeated because he never played by the rules of the game. And remember this, that's a good lesson for the church of the living God. If we don't play the game according to the rules, we'll be disqualified at the end. You have to keep the rules of the game to win. And if the rules of the game in this place is a man to be born again to enter into fellowship of Christ and his church, we might be the greatest denomination on earth. If we haven't played the rules, we be disqualified. Amen. We have got to come right straight with God. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Glory. with God rules. It isn't our rules. It is his rules and we have got to abide by. We are running the race according to his rules. You see Napoleon although being a great warrior, a great conqueror, he conquered the people under fear. And that's not the rule of the game. The rule of the game is a conquer by love. Amen. Hallelujah. So you see what happened to all these churches where is ruled with rigor and fear by the pontiff. the bishop. There is no other force in all the world as great as love. And I'm almost sure as we as people have put too much emphasis upon rules. Don't mean to be rude. And we have made ourselves and put so much stress upon those rules only to find ourselves disqualified. Now hear this bum. What if Martin Luther would have played the rules of the game? There would never been a Methodist church. That's right. Amen. What if the Methodists are played by the rules of the game? There will be ne never been a what are you saying there? The church would have been growing into maturity into that perfection into that son of God. Isn't that right? But because the rules were not broken, God had to get somebody else. Let's read on. Amen. What if the Methodist have played the rules of the game right? There never been a Pentecostal church. But if we fail to play the rules of the game right, God will disqualify us and raise up out of these stones children to Abraham. Hallelujah. So when Luther fell, God say, "You know what? Somebody else bring Wesley. I'm going to try with them to see how they going to run." And then when they broke, he bring the Pentecostal. When they broke, he had to bring William Brandham to bring back the word because when the dynamics ah when the dynamics struck the Pentecostals, it did not bring them to perfection. Did you hear what I'm saying? The spirit fell among the Pentecostals and it couldn't bring them to perfection because they didn't have the word. Hallelujah. They had the gifts. They still have them. But they didn't go on to perfection. And Paul said, "Let us go on to perfection. We have got to get there now. We have to journey to it. We have to get to it. We have to see it. We have to behold it because the bride is called to it. Amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. God wants the game played right. And we must do it. So it doesn't make any difference how much we feel like we are progressing on until we get back to the rule of the game. Hallelujah. Glory. So I know like the rabbit and the hole going on in the hole. You got to wait right by the hole cuz rabbit have to come out there. That's right. There's one hole. You know him down inside of there. Just wait for him. And we are waiting right by the word. Because you know all man had to line up with it. [Applause] Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. But Abraham told her brother, he said, "This is that brother." Amen. If God has given you a talent, Amen. stay with that talent. No matter what you try to do, if that talent isn't operated, no matter how great it is, if it isn't operating according to the rules, you'll be disqualified. Amen. So, it's a little more than being talented. Amen. And I want you to say amen to that. It's a little more by being that than being gifted. It's a little more than that. It have much more than that. And that is what you have to be interested in to process. What goes with talent? What goes with gift or I should say say this way what God expect to go with talent. Hallelujah. Or what God expect to go with gifts. So he said everyone knows in Olympics athletic exercise no matter if you arrive first in the race if you haven't played by the rule you're disqualified. Just last week the Olympic committee I didn't even know they do that. They keep blood samples of athletes from all the different years and stuff because of technology. They have accurate way of measuring and knowing if somebody had drugs in their system. So they now pull out and disqualify people that took part in the Olympics 15 years ago. They take back the gold from them that to call the silver winner and say you have the gold now. and they interview one of them and say all they miss is being on the podium for for for the gold because you see at that time they got silver but now when the light is shun on the condition back there and revealed that this person was taking enhancement drugs to give them a more spiritual oomph only to realize that the inspector the drug inspector examining the process, examining the way they run, only to come and disqualify them and put the metal onto somebody else. Oh, could we say amen, somebody? This is this is strong. This is deep. This is real and it's coming near you. Oh, give the Lord some praises, people. [Applause] So now you will see when people motive and objective what is their real deep desire when that come to the four you're going to see the sincerity that's why Baram says it take a humble heart dedicated to God to bring Jesus Christ into present tense God will not use arrogance God will not use pride the Bible talk about the day coming which shall be burned and all the proud and all that do wickedly like stubble all the proud and all that do wickedly shall be like stubble a dreadful day coming But behold, I send you Elijah the prophet before that great and terrible day of the Lord. Do you love him this morning? Isn't that a mind-blowing thing that they could go back 15 years, 10 years, check back the blood sample and see exactly what was in that blood and say, "You know what? You don't deserve the gold because you took something you're not supposed to take. You didn't go through the right process. You are disqualified. I don't want to do that. I want the trouble at the riverside." Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Praise God. So therefore, you have to lay aside the weight and the sin that so easily be set to you. And you want to run with patience the race that is set before you. Oh, glory to God. You want to run because this is a race, brother. This is a race, sister. Some of us start young running and we had no glasses. We had black hair and no gray hair and we started running a long time ago and we are still running. Oh, hallelujah. And we have been called to run with patience. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Let patience have a perfect work. [Applause] Brother Abraham says, "We find a church." Here we are tonight in the shadows of the coming of the Lord, son of God. We find a church in an enemic condition. We ought to be a great, strong, mighty warriors of the church of of the faith that would shake a nation. God give it to us. That's how the church supposed to be. Strong, mighty, and and so forth. shaking up the nation. Do you believe that? Amen. 10% say amen. Amen. The rest wondering. When they will believe that. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. But I have overcome all the wanderers. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Your wondering doesn't bother me at all. I just have the word to pile upon you. Come on. You're going to make it. Stick on your hair. Stick in your there. Oh, hallelujah. You're going to leave you. It will come off. Amen. Jesus, he became us sinners that we might become his righteousness. In other words, he he became I be my he became me that I might become him. That's why he took my place that I could take his place. Amen. Why you think Jesus went to hell? Because he died like a sinner. He took all our sins upon himself so sin sent him to hell. But hell couldn't hold his character. Sin were like a big stone, like a big rock. S Jesus down into hell. But when Jesus offload character, it just break that rock to float back up. After 3 days, you had to come back up. You can't hold back character. That which is good always rises to the top. Glory to God. You can't hold you back. My God going to single you out. We're going to find you out. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. So now you'll understand there's no problem with lions. Then there no problem with fiery furnace. No there's no problem as long as God is with you. There's a lion in the street. That's not a problem. As long as God with you. [Applause] Oh my. This is this is part I ain't get to want to reach it. Amen. All right. So in prison now, not he that starts, it's he that finishes. There are no shortcuts. You're disqualified at the end of the race. No shortcuts. You must come the way the scripture said. Repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. You shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. There is no shortcut. shaking hands, joining church or denomination, you come the way. Except you die to yourself and be born of the spirit of God, you are lost. That's a big one, right? Amen. This young man came to Jesus say, "Good master, what I what can I do to inherit eternal life?" Jesus bull him bull him a curveball. commandments. You say which cuz he he good, you know. Yes. He and he sharp. Yeah. Yes. Yes. He know you can't catch him on this one, you can't catch him on that one, you can't catch him on that. He know what you can't catch him on. So you say which So when Jesus laid out on him, he said, "But for my youth, I committed to those things. You can't catch me on those things." Jesus said, "If you would be perfect, that's a question to you this morning." The bride is go to perfection. But if Amen. you want to be perfect, go and sell what you have. Now the emphasis there, I want to bring a certain thought behind that. The man had possession. It was an imaginary thing. You know, I imagine we need a lot to know. It wasn't that. I imagine a big house. No, he had possessions. And you have possessions this morning. It don't have to be money. It don't have to be physical. You could have a lot of lust, a lot of passion, a lot of anger. You could have a lot of stuff in your life, in your spirit that belongs to you as you own it. Yes. It's like it's like your property then. Amen. You ain't want to give it up. Yeah. Want to let it go. You don't want to pay no price. But Jesus introduced a cost. [Applause] A cost factor. If you want to be perfect. No. No. If you want to be a church member, you don't have to sell nothing. You don't just come to church and go home and shake people hand and smile. You don't have to pay tithes, offering, building fun. You don't have to encourage nobody. You disturb nobody. You come, you go. You could, you know, that's that's good for for a church member. But going to perfection, that's the bride. That's the bride. The bride want to obey the word. The bride want to surrender to the word. Amen. Amen. That's why I could salute precious sisters who husband have could honor them for the humility and the respects. That's a rare quality for a woman to have that very rare that come like you had to put that on that glass and examine that and say whoa whoa look at that very precious because the spirit of the age is so different and God wants our spirit back into the word. Amen. Men are now more cisified than ever and woman more manified than ever if there's a word. But that is not scripture. There's a scriptural spirit for the man and a scriptural spirit for the woman. And we have to find our spirits in the scripture. That's why I said go back to the Bible and don't talk about any message because the message is the word. [Applause] And whether you say amen or not, it's still the word. I'm not begging nobody for any amen. I'm here to preach you the word because the word is God. People think church is God, but the word is God. Don't hide in church. The word is God. [Applause] Hallelujah. Say, you are rough. I like I like nice smooth talking preachers. You're not as smooth as the one I used to go by. No, I'm not. You are not as entertaining as the one that I go by. No, I am not. But this is the word. Because Jesus said, "Man shall not live by entertainment. Man shall live by bread alone, but by every word." The devil is a liar. You know, and the devil I'm going to read about it. Listen, I have big word for you this morning. You know, he comes disguises the church. It's a scary thing. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. My my my [Applause] wow. Hallelujah. Let me try to finish this off. M in fact the outcoming of faithfulness the trial of faith work patience there's absolutely no way in which to gain patience it has to come by the trial of your faith Romans 5:3 tribulation workketh patience if you want to get patience going tribulation is work it let me Say it again. I know you ain't get that one yet. People just watching me like in space like you want to get space out this morning. If you want patience, tribulation put that. [Music] If the car cost that, the car patience cast that. Tribulation is the engine. Tribulation is the fuel to get patience going. Some people don't want to get patience yet. They want it right now. But God leave you waiting still. You'll still go through tribulation because God will have no spoiled children. Hallelujah. Now watch how highly God regards the outworking of our patience. It seem in James 1. You know strange people like to give testimonies sometimes some sometimes fancy for testimonies. They got a fridge. They got you know different things God bless them with and so on. But you don't ever hear people giving testimonies. God worked my patience with such a I come to thank God this morning for for for the patience of Jesus Christ for how God took me through hell this week and I was smiling. You know what I mean? And I was worshiping. Hallelujah. The pressure was hot. I didn't even know where to turn. But somehow a praise came on my lips and the devil couldn't get me off my praise. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. I never lost my praise. I lost friends. I lost fellowship. Lost minister, brethren. Hallelujah. But he ain't get me off of my praise. Don't let the devil take your praise. Don't let the devil take your joy. That's your joy. [Applause] How highly God regard this outworking of our patience is seen in James 1:4. But let patience have a perfect work purpose that you may be perfect and entire lacking nothing. Amen. Here we go. God's will for us is perfection. That's right. God's will for us is perfection. And that perfection is patience. It's waiting on God and waiting for God. This is the process. Amen. Of character development. Amen. So we talk about perfection. Statue of a perfect man. Five-fold ministry coming to perfection. But there's a process to get to that perfection. But I'm saying this morning, we are coming into that perfection. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Anything that tough. Hallelujah. Here's what coming. Listen to this prophecy. Amen. But the Bible is praying. This is Cleveland, Ohio. The 20th of August, 1950. Our heavenly father, I'm so happy today to be here at Cleveland, this great city, one of the major cities of our beloved nation and to be here to give testimony of thy son Jesus who has died to redeem this lost race of people throughout the world. And now as we are gathered here together this afternoon to pour out of your spirit upon us. I believe every man, woman, boy, girl from every church, every creed denomination, race, color, forget all about the past. Now let's look to the future. Let's look to that continuing city that is to come. Cleveland is home to many thousands. Yes, millions, over a million people here. God, we pray that men and women will never be satisfied until they meet peace with you. Amen. So we can go to that continuing city, looking upon the giant skyscraper in the city, looking upon the fine buildings and structures, but there will be a time when there won't be one stone left upon another. We believe that these cities in this great major conflict that's coming will be rocked with atomic powers and millions will die in ours. Amen. Blown to bits. Even the earth shook from its orbit going into the sun. Great heat shall scorch men as the scriptures say in the book of Revelation. Help us God to get our mind on you to settle down. Amen. To go into this bloody trail. I review it Lord to the best of my knowledge. You help me as I start back from the beginning when you put your hand on your poor humble servant. May all my mistakes today, may others and young boys and girls who coming on, may they be stepping stones to bring them to thee. May they profit from my errors of suffering that they may know you in the power of your resurrection. For we ask it in the name of thy beloved child. Hallelujah. Amen. For a message called the resurrection of Lazarus, 29th of July 1951. Brother Brandon, notice before God does anything on the earth, he always sends a message of warning, getting things ready. I kind of feel religious right now. I believe there's a move going on. God is warning as it was in days of Noah, getting the people ready. Something is about to happen. The atomic powers and things are about ready to burst in upon us. Millions will die in a split second, but oh my God, getting the church ready for the rapture, the coming of the son of God. Hallelujah. This is what the prophet saw 1933. He got seven visions which he said must come to pass before Jesus comes again. Six vision. So seven vision, he saw America bombed up, blowed up and whatnot. How could that be? 1950 they didn't have the technology. the weaponry, the efficiency of the bombs and the missiles and so on like they have now. It had to wait for the process for things to be in position that that could be executed. What about the bride? Pride is a super church prophecy. Hallelujah. Super race prophecy. Hallelujah. All this prophecy. But there have to be a process. People don't want to talk about the process. They want to just stick with just well that is it. That is it. But there's the process. Once listen, once you're going through the process, you'll be fine. It come business. The profits will come. If the business model is right and the process is taking place, you don't have to worry. It will work out just fine. Amen. Because the right puts it right things are there. Hallelujah. If the things are not there, it wouldn't work out. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. God tell Noah, you're going to rain. Everything is judgment or whatn not. Bill ar Noah had to go through the process. Rain coming. Amen. Noah going to fet and going to party and with God and will drunk too. The only way to save for no to be saved is to follow instructions. Noah say I feeling led. Oh gosh, this this act too long. Yes, I going shorten it. Noah playing designer. God don't No, no, no. Don't know the kind of flood coming. No own designer. I feel kind of modern kind of yacht like looking thing, you know. I go make a small thing. Hallelujah. When the flood come, I go I go just the way we a surfing surf a surfing a surfing boat. He will die with the surfing boat. His family too. But Noah following instructions because the prophecy, you can't stop it. Uhhuh. Uhhuh. Caught you. You can't stop the prophecy. You can't stop the missiles on it way. You can't stop sinking. You can't stand stop training and rocking. You can't stop that. But you could be prepared. You can get prepared because the Bible said his wife had made herself ready. [Applause] Listen, we not following fairy tales, you know. There's not old wise woman tales, you know. This is a 20th century dos say the lord prophet you know people playing in this message but this is not a plain thing this is behold I send you Elijah before before before that terrible day we can't sit like nothing happened [Applause] one more from God provided The place of worship 965 bar said, "Do you realize out in the street yonder is millions of people walking these streets today nothing but atomic fomic that's how we call them just material for the atomics to have effect on right walking with the tattoo walking with the crazy hairstyles walking with the clothing and God seeing atomic father China is as strong as they never was. They've never have never been so strong. America can no longer try to police the whole world and Russia edging for a fight. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You You should be edging for a fight. Amen. The enemy that licking you up all the time for all these years. You should be anytime you come to service, you get empowered. You're getting stronger. You say, "Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You hear about that cowboy? That man in the cowboy town time went to preach in a in a in a in a in a place and a big big bully come and tell him for you to preach in this place, you have to beat me up. You can't have no revival in the city except you beat me up." He say if I must fight that I might re increase my courage Lord and he dropped some hand him and beat him up. And that man came to the altar that night and got saved. If that preacher was some like the religious preacher of the day, okay, God bless you, brother. I think that kind of religious business never had that revival. That was real man. Hallelujah. If I might fight and I might reign, increase my courage, Lord. Drop some hand on him. Throw him down. Let that bully know get have a bigger God than he. Praise God. I say go and fight now. Die for that Daniel. Don't try that. [Laughter] Don't try that at all. Amen. Somebody who like violence put violence say preacher say fight. Preacher did not say that our battle is not against flesh and blood but against principalities and powers and spiritual wickedness in high places. Oh, hallelujah. Church, we have higher to climb. Hallelujah. Everybody, hallelujah. Did you hear that? We have higher to climb. We have further to go. We have more to achieve. Oh, glory to God. There's a land beyond the river. This is not the only life. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Our purpose is not to stay on church and stay on this earth and snow. All the blessings God give you is to serve him better, not to be more mean and stingy and jealous and selfish. God bless you that you could serve him. I want to say it again. God had blessed you for to serve the devil. He blessed you to serve him. [Applause] And he is still good. And if you don't serve him, you still have the blessing because the rain has fall on the just and the unjust. He has blessed everybody. He just pour blessing down. If you're standing there, you get part of it. Amen. Amen. What a blessing when you could heal and surrender and say, "Lord, I give myself away to you. I come to return back what you give me. I come to Amen. give my life over to you. Young woman looking pretty inside the mirror. She find she looking the prettiest of all. She modeling herself, preventing herself and whatn not and what not. And then afterwards, what happened? What happened 30 years afterwards? What happened 40 years afterwards? All the youth gone. And you got to compete with some new young blood coming up. Want to recognize your beauty and handsome and good looks and what is temporary. Hallelujah. I understand you. You don't want to look like a old woman. I understand that. But good Lord, you certainly don't want to look like a father. [Music] You certainly don't want to look like they're out there. Amen. Where are the Abrahams to tell her? Choose, choose, choose. Stop fighting and choose. But everybody said that mind I wanted. I wanted it. I wanted it. I want it. Not Abraham. Abraham know God is with him. Hallelujah. He shall never leave you or never forsake you. When when when choose and going to watch Sodom, God said, "Look, Abraham, look east, west, north, all is yours." I couldn't talk you to I couldn't tell you that with the tarpet. Lot amen. Lot was always half-hearted. He wasn't genuine fervent in that spirit there. Lot messed up man. Wife messed up heart in the world. How she could really encourage a man and say serve the Lord with all your heart, might and soul. She trying to drag him inside of that day and lot so vex. He know things contrary but he hanging in there. Hanging in there. Mayor of Sodom post catch him position catch him and Abraham begging God that's Christ begging God be pleading God just 50 would you destroy son of no missile coming fire coming judgment coming yes and a man begging because family is down there loved ones is down there right that's right hallelujah praise God if there going to be 15 no 10 couldn't find 10 God say Okay, dispatch the angels to get them out. UFOs start to fly like a flash. Two UFOs going out to Sodom. Appears men. Hallelujah. Praise God. He said, "L walk out your whole house. You will be saved." But the process is don't look back. Amen. Amen. Amen. You failed God. You messed up. But I'm giving you a way out. Just keep walking. Don't. Hallelujah. Paul said it this way. Forgetting the things that are passed. I press towards the mark of the high calling. Ah. Did you hear that? Not a low calling. Whom much is given, much is required. If God give us great stuff, he expect great behavior, attitude, character, and life from us. Not this dead church benchwarming people, but are people on fire for God. Don't give God no [Applause] lukewarm praise. Open your mouth. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He said rather your heart or your cold, open your [Applause] mouth. You may be seated. Let me let me challenge you right now. Right now. Let me challenge you right now. I don't care what is in your life, in your home, what challenges you have right now. Your worry can't change nothing. But your faith can. Your praise can if your mother sick at home, your family sick at home, you worrying about them doesn't change they're sick at home. But they could hit God [Applause] healed. Amen. Yeah. Yeah. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. There are some bummers, you know, and play and bombers. Let's fly slow and just just release them. That's what we want to do. Some of the demons, you know, just fly over and just drop it. Let it come down in slow motion. When it hit them so they have no room to cover, leave that to go. When they see you, they must feel threatened. That's how you supposed to be walking right now. When they leave, when they walk, so they might be saying, "No, no, no, no, not not yet. Not not yet. Don't don't don't move yet." They coming. Amen. Demons hiding behind walls, talking, getting away from you because the glory of God is coming upon your life. And as the word becomes flesh, you get more presence in your life. Hallelujah. The presence of God begin to ooze out of your being. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Those guys knew they were anointed. They they knew. They had faith in the anointing that God put upon them. God has put an anointing upon you. You couldn't You couldn't come if you try. No man can come except the father draw him. You didn't hear what I'm saying. Oh God. Oh God. Hallelujah. Help me preach somebody. No man can come except. [Music] You're not here by chance this morning. You're not in this building by chance this morning. You here to get a word from the Lord. God is speaking to you this morning. [Applause] Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. I told him in London, hallelujah. God was taking home Elijah. That's right. He said, "Go and anoint a man, Elisha." He went and take his mantle and put it in him and pull it off. Not say, "Holy m, oh God, I going dead. I going, oh God, getting depressed." No, no, no. That is not how it works. Put the mantle on a young man and pull it off because the man ain't ready yet. He had to go through process. Says it take 10 years for him to come through to the mantle. Plus, they just stay here. Stay there. Stay there. Every demon in town telling you stay there. Because they find you pimping out too much. They find you're getting too boy. You're getting too bouncy. You're getting too too much of faith. Too much of testimony. You're getting too aggressive. Hallelujah. You look like you're getting victory every time. Oh, you're so victorious. Look like you're punching the devil, though. When you start to tell the devil, "Boo," he said to get smaller. That's the problem. You start to say, "Boo!" Yet, when you start to say boo, the devil's have to get smaller. Start to say boo today, he has to back up. He has to move back. Oh, glory to God. We want to push him back this morning. Help me push him back this morning. Help me drive some villain signs plum out of here this morning. [Applause] will take a transformation of your mind. All those people that succeeded all those businessmen and you study them because I always want to know what make them spark what make them make so different and so on. Let's talk about Apple and the iPhone and different things. When Apple first come out, nobody believed they could succeed with the iPhone. Everybody had phone. Nokia or Backberry, everybody else, but they believe that they could do it different. They didn't invent phones, but guess what? They did it different. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. We didn't invent churches. We don't have to be like the other churches. Other groups, people dead people. You know, you know what God said? I rather you're hot or you're cold. So, if you know that, why you would walk in the building cold? Amen. Hallelujah. We say get your fire home and bring it. If you don't have it, call us for prayer. We will pray it. We will send it. We will come to your home and anoint you with it. But we want home fire, not church fire. Church fire is God and the pastor come finding fire going out and and pastor being fire. Poor pastor. By the time we finish the blow out and you see a little a little smoke, a little smoke for all them oils, a little smoke sort of thing. You don't want that. You want to be the wood that coming on fire. Praise God. And when papel stand by brother Jerome fire and chain by brother Pel fire. Praise God. As you pass somebody, you're only connecting fire with fire. Glory to God. Maybe the devil can hear no spirit. There was no room found for that devil. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, it's all over me. And it's keeping me alive, keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost on fire keeping me alive. Hallelujah. Jesus is keeping me alive. Oh, hallelujah. The Holy Ghost on power. It's the Holy Ghost on fire. Don't you want it? Take it home with you. Oh, give the Lord some praises, people. Take it home with you. You may be seated. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Remember, you have a perfect standing through the blood. Don't forget that. Last week's service, you're supposed to catch that. You have perfect standing. God not seeing you and you're failing in the foreshore coming. He's seeing the blood. So when you pray, God not watching you. He's seen the blood. So you're safe this morning under the blood. Oh glory. You have confidence under the blood. Praise God. But let us enter with boldness approaching the throne of grace. Hallelujah. By the blood of Jesus. You have with boldness. You come in trembling. Oh God. No no no no no boldness. Hallelujah. Devil have no right to take out my eyes. They have got the right to mess up my son, mess up my daughter. I am coming for that devil. Come on, say amen, somebody. Come on, bring back the authority back into your life. The authority of the [Applause] word. How many time you read? That's why you read the books. Listen to brother tapes. Listen at home. I got the authority vested in me. I do this, I do that. Is authority. The police have no power to stop no car. All the speed gun they have right now. Let the band drive. Keep driving. What you going do? What you going to do? Not the number and then you take it afterwards. But you can't stop a man speeding. You have the speed gun. Well, watching you speeding and the man choose to drive straight through. He not even watching you. One time I know a brother that you know that time they have the little thing the flag down thing and if they flag him down he he keep straight. He said he they catching me this morning. Sunday morning you flagging me down. Say he too straight. Put the man to do something else. So the police have no power to stop any car. They have authority. That's right. They come out with uniform. Yes. And when they say uniform, a man come out there close police. He can't come with plain clothes and try to stop no car and like you have plain clothes bunks. You have to have uniform. Amen. People are respecting no B with little clothes. He come with a little three quarter pants and come out them ball and do so. Who is he? You'll string around him. You don't know who he is. You just But once they have uniform, amen. Screech. Amen. Amen. Amen. Sometime small police, you know, fresh recruits. They could see they get a good full meal yet. They could do it some extra food to energize them and they doing like this. I said, "Good Lord, he's a police." But you have to respect that. So I don't care if he's a fresh recruit. [Applause] Let the devil say he's a police, she's a Yes. Oh, give the Lord some praises, [Applause] people. Hallelujah. It's not the power, it's the authority. And that is what God has released to you. Amen. But you shall receive power. Come on. Come on now. After the Holy Ghost come upon you, power is coming. But while we wait for power, we're going to start to use the authority. In my name, we shall cast out devils. We have a right to rebuke demon powers in the name of [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Jesus. My God. My God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Right now, we're using Jesus name. We using the authority in Jesus name. But there's coming hour. We won't even have to use Jesus name because that new name, the power of God will be manifested so bride. She will speak and will create itself just like that. [Applause] My God. Amen. My Lord. Amen. Amen. Wondering to continue. Continue, brother. Come on. Hallelujah. My Jesus. The call to perfection. All right. Is a call out of Jacob. Amen. Into Joseph. Amen. God put a hidden mystery of Abraham faith. Hidden mystery Isaac love hidden mystery Jacob a story of God's grace the rascal believer a con man and then in Joseph he put perfection so when we talk about being called to perfection we are being called to be Joseph and there is nothing against Joseph that's God working his way out. So God hiding you as a seed and around you is all trash of flesh and human spirit, failures, mind battles and trouble. But that seed is still in Did you get that? That seed is inside of you. Hallelujah. This happened, that happened, it doesn't change the seed. This failure, shortcomings, it doesn't change the seed. The seed is the seed. He said you are not the believer. The believer is the word in you. The believer is a seed in you. It's not even you believing. It's what God put in you. When the devil was challenged about Job, have you considered my man Job? There's none like him on the earth. What the devil didn't understand, it was God's faith in Job. That's why God could boast and said, "You can't get that man to curse me if you try." So his wife is the closest one to him who said, "Why to curse God and death?" And because he had virtue and knowledge and temperance and patience and godliness because he had character. Job say you speak like a foolish woman. The man had class. The man rough up the woman and terrorize the woman and say, "Oh God, look how I mine you and I buy house for you and car for you and how you treated me." He didn't talk that way. He talked like a red gentleman. He talked like a real Christian. He talked like a real believer. How you're supposed to speak. But God had confidence in that seed in Job. Tell me what God have confidence. What about that seed inside of you? I say God bragging on you this morning. You can't even brag on yourself, but God bragging on you because God know you're going to make it. God know you're going to pull through. You have been through hell. You have been through this. You have been through that. But you're still alive. You're still alive. Give the Lord some praise as you're still [Applause] alive. Glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You're going to rise. You're going to fall. You're going to stumble. You're going to fail. You're going to sin. All that is part of the package. It doesn't change the seed. Oh, glory to God. You know what I said? It doesn't change the seed. Here's why. Here's why. Here's why. Here's why. You may be seated. Who you following you? God is not now knowing you, you know. Yeah, boy. He just behave nice, you know. He has behaved bad, you know. Oh, God. He have no behavior. God, I go scratch him off. Yes. Tick. Tick. I go through this one. He He quietly spoken. He don't say amen at all. Tick. He's shy. He's shy. Quiet brother. Quiet brother. Shik this sister don't open my mouth at all. H she like dumb but thick. God don't choose that. God choose before the foundation. Whether you're talking or not talking, whether you're dumb, whether you're speaking, whether you're tall, whether you're fat, whether you're thin, whether whatever, it doesn't matter what color race creed. Before the foundation, then he let the process work out. [Applause] [Music] God not gambling you know. God not unlucky over said me and shaking a dice hoping that you know I mean you come true. God not gambling you know. God is not gambling. God is not a gambler. Who you [Applause] oh glory. Sometimes you may be seated. Sometimes you may feel so miserable. Why me Lord? Why me Lord? You know why? Because he forneew you. I say it this way. I like to say this way. He knew you before. And before before your weakness, before your sin, before your failure, before your lies, your fornication, your adultery, whatever it is, before all of that, he still choose [Applause] you. Hallelujah. Then he went on to say in Romans 8:28, "If others don't know, we know that all things work together for good to them that love God to them who are the call." Remember the call is the fornown. So them for know the call. And all things work together for good. Your life is not by chance. You can't get in his accident. The devil just going to come and take your life. You have to get permission to interfere. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And we are promised a revival. And we have to go through the process to get this revival. We are going through the process. A seven thunder Christ revival. Come on tabernacle. You're going to make it. We're going to have it. Oh hallelujah. The fire going to fall. The power going to strike. You will be sealed. You will be refilled. Oh hallelujah. [Applause] Oh glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh. Oh my Jesus. Let me see. Oh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Don't ever be afraid of the process. You want your car license, but you have to go through the process of doing the driving test. Isn't that right? And doing the written test and whatever it is. You can't be afraid of process. The process is what get you to where you're supposed to be. Oh, glory to God. There is no way. We can't escape it. Oh, glory to God. This mortal must put on immortality. You can't just be changed like that and you say you have to have rapturing faith. That's part of the process because you have to believe that your body is going to be changed. Is that Jesus coming? I'm going to go up in the rapture going to rapture. That's fine. But you have to understand a power has to come in your being. You'll be walking with the rapture. Rapture going to be inside of you. You like a ticking time bomb. A ticking rapture bum. Oh, you hear what I say? A ticking rapture bomb. The clock is inside of you. You are going to change. You are going to take off. You are going to be transformed. Enoch walked with God and was not because God took him. But before his translation, he had a testimony that he pleased God. Without faith, it can't please God. We have faith this morning. We have expectation this morning. The anointing is in the building this [Applause] morning. Oh, glory. Enoch. Enoch mechanics became dynamics and that took him. You may be seated. Oh hallelujah. Enoch seven for madam. Enoch pyramid builder. Enoch walk on the seven steps. And the seven step identifies your maturity. Your seven steps is brotherly love. When you come to brotherly love. It identify your Christian maturity that you could put put yourself in your brother's place. And no matter spirit of maturity, when you stand praying, you can forgive. Spirit of maturity, you don't have to be bitter and angry by little petty insults and things that people send at you. You can overcome that. You can raise above that. You are mature. You are right. You're ready. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. To break out from Jacob grace into truly perfection. [Applause] You may be seated. You may be seated. This is a different walk. This is not by the grace of God and you sound like No, this is a perfect walk now. This is you under the blood. This you have confidence every day, every hour of the day, every service. It's not a day you're up and tomorrow you're down. You have a perfect standing. Oh, I can't get to it this much. It's too much. The five-fold ministry will take you from a perfect standing into a perfect state by the ministry of the spirit. Right now, the devil in trouble because your understanding has been open that you are have a perfect as perfect standing under the blood. Under the blood. My God, you should be rocking God with prayer. Now you know you are under the blood. Throw your prayer up. Fill up that vial full of odors. Fill up that vial of prayer. Fill it up. [Applause] be seated. Now watch watch. Devil job is to frustrate you, depress you. Okay? I I put put you down so that you know the reason why God answer your prayer because of this. You bounce your toe. The reason bounce your toe is because this happened here and this happened here and you balling through have bounced my toe. and reason this happened and and the devil keep put going back in reason the reason that this here I'm sick condition and and and and the man they ask Jesus who sin our father call you born blind hallelujah somebody must have sin that's how the human thinks that's how the devil like to play the game he has played the game you know a kind of psychological need to burn your mind but when you look at it closely and recognize that when you connect all things work together and take a wire from there all things work together for good and screw that in tightly. I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. Screw that in tightly. Yes. You have to connect. You have to begin to connect certain things and give the devil no room. Say, "Devil, don't talk to me. You have others you could talk to. You they belong to you, not not you. I hear from God. I am the Lord thy God that heal thee and forgive thee of thy iniquities and thy sins." Come on now, give the Lord some praise this people. You have no room to get no doubts. No doubts. If you shall say to this mountain and no doubt in your heart, no doubt, no doubt, you're going to be healed. No doubts. You'll be delivered. No doubts you'll be free. No doubts. Your family coming out. No doubts. No doubts. [Applause] I want to challenge you this week to accelerate your prayer life from through the blood. Amen. I want you to accelerate this week your prayer to God and your request to God. If you're accustom asking for eight things, ask for 64 things. I think 8 mip is 64. Let heaven know. Let heaven set a click and say, "Wait a minute. This is serious. All these years is once a month this this son talking to me. Once a month I get a request. Now I getting I get ping. I getting text regular." God say, "Oh Lord, I hear from them. They WhatsAppapping this one, they texting this one, texting God, they telling God nothing. God said, "I got a text this morning. I get a text and a next text again." What? This person really, they onto something. They onto something. They on Yeah. See, you you have to understand the devil only tap in what the laws that we supposed to have. Yes. All this communication thing. Long time. Listen. Long time was smoke signals. Amen. Before they get the telegraph, smoke signals. One smoke. I don't know what that means. Two smoke. Whatever that means. Then they have the telegram t more code. Amen. That was mean I'm hearing you. T talk far away. Then they have the big big phone doing so they start put coin. Remember that long time you understand people putting coin. People line up behind you have to put the coin and do anybody hear the conversation behind there. Here yeah here yeah right. You got to start with a line to hold on the line. But science improve they cut the line wireless. Some people didn't know how to work. How this working? If you bring somebody from from 100 years ago and they come and landing here now and they see you doing this talking, they will say witchcraft. Hallelujah. How could you understand that? It could take us and doing like that. Somebody will say something wrong with that man. Now you see them walking talking. They're not talking to the self talking to somebody. Something in the ears and think that I'm saying you could put that order and talk to God. Lord Jesus, help me. Father, would nobody stop you. Shake up your place. [Applause] Pray without ceasing. Pray always accelerated because I'm telling you, exercise yourself under the blood. You don't have to continue doing what you're doing. That's right. You worship the spirit upon you. That's why you continue what you're doing. You need to repent of that spirit. Amen. Then you could get completely free and delivered. You could go free. Amen. Under the blood. You're under the blood. It's a choice that you have to make. Yes. To really serve God with all your heart. When I choose the Lord, I choose age 17. No 17-y old man come and tell me when it hard pressure. The devil not improving tactics. He's just Lucifer all the same. Amen. He giving pressure long time. He come to steal, rub and destroy. He a come to shake your hand and smile and take a selfie with you, take a picture with you. He come to steal, rob and destroy your life. Don't compromise with him. Amen. Don't invite him. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Challenge that enemy. How we keep musician come up, please. Hallelujah. See, the truth is I haven't even gotten into the message. What you heard for the past is what I got fresh this morning. To make a connection with what we have to preach. Oh, hallelujah. But let me just share this with you. I'm afraid there's going to be a lot of disappointments at the judgment because you know Paul said over in Hebrews they wandered about in sheep skkins and goats skkins and destitute and afflicted. Look at Elijah in his cave. How that if we see him come out our door today with beard on his face, baldhead shining a piece of sheepkin drape around him. We probably run out the yard some of our intellectual brethren. Yes. Yes. He specify the brethren that will do that. But you see, you don't know what's beating behind that little old skin there. That's right. The Holy Spirit may be tabernacled there. See, you must never do that. We must be brothers. Treat a man, no matter if he's in wrong, still treat him nice. Be nice to him. If you haven't got that spirit, there's something wrong. Jesus was nice to those who are ugly to to him. You must be Christians full of love, ready to help any race, color, creed, anywhere, any time. We must be that way. That's Christians. That's the way Christ would have us. And to be a Christian is to be Christlike. Amen. Amen. Just about two more and I'll close. Amen. But I'm from think. He said he want to prepare a place to take us out this earthly pest house. A perfect place where no evil exists, no sickness exists, no old age exists, no debt exists. It's a perfect place calling you to that perfection. Amen. That you have to be perfect to get there. Hallelujah. The Bible said so. Jesus said be there for perfect. Even as your fandom is perfect, it's a perfect kingdom. So it must be a perfect people come because you have to stand and be married to a perfect son of God and you must be a perfect bride. So how can you do it through anything else but the perfect word of God? Amen. And he come the waters of separation that washes us from our sins. The blood of Jesus think of it that dripping bloody word. I like that. Amen. That dripping bloody word. I will close with this. Amen. This is our message called the perfection. Friends, there is so many things that we could say tonight about the perfection. We are always trying to gorge the eyes out of somebody else to make ourselves a little holier than they are. But if we look at the picture, it's only God's grace that we are what we are. Could we stand and give God some worship? Give God some praises. May the Lord bless you. Continue praying for me. Come out early next week. Come to the permit on Thursday if you can make it out. I come under a great expectation. Go and bless you. Hallelujah. Amen. We appreciate the Lord today. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. We appreciate the word today. Amen. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Turn around and greet your brother. Turn on. Greet your sister. Turn on and greet someone. Come in to my heart. Come in to my heart. Come into my heart, Lord Jes. Jesus come here to today. Come in to stay. Come to my heart Lord Jesus. Oh, come in tomorrow. Lift your hands and sing. Come in tomorrow. Oh, come to my Lord Jesus. Come in today. Come to stay. Coming to my heart, Lord Jes. Oh, one more time. Come into my Oh, come in my heart. Oh, come to my Oh, come to my Oh Lord Jesus. Amen. [Music] to the coming to say coming to my heart, Lord Jes. Why don't you just worship the Lord this morning with all your heart and soul? Let's lift your hands up. Just worship him right now. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, the word has been preached. Oh, what are we going to do this morning? Let's press on to perfection. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Let's press on to the mark of the prize of the higher calling in Christ Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Forgetting the things that have passed. Oh hallelujah. Forget the things that have passed. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh press on towards the cross this morning. Press on towards charity this morning. Press on towards Hallelujah. Oh the perfection in Christ Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, worship him this morning. Lift up your hands. Open your mouth. Give him praise. Give him honor. Give him glory. Thank him for the word. Thank him for the rebuke. Thank him for the correction. As many as I love, I rebuke and chase him. Oh, be zealous therefore and repent. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. real. Oh, I want to live. Oh, the way that Jesus want me to live. Oh, I want to get until there just go. Oh, I want to love. Oh, love to just no more. Oh, I could never. Oh, never. I love Let's take it up. Oh, hallelujah. where I want to live. Oh, the way. Everyone lift your hands. Say, Jesus wants me to. Oh, I'm going to get until there's no more to give. I'm going to laugh. Oh, love to just no more. Oh, I could never never out love the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you Lord. So brothers get ready to bring forward the ti offering. Oh how many appreciate the word today? How many appreciate pastor? Amen. Amen. Praise God. A word of perfection. Amen. How we thank God. Let's bow our heads as we bring a t offering for the Lord. Amen. Heavenly father Lord we about to pause and pick up the t offering. Father we pray a blessing. Bless those that have to give. Lord, provide for them, Lord. Lord, I pray you bless the ministry, Father, in Jesus name we pray and ask it. Amen and amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Give me a key for where would I be? God only knows. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Where would I be? heart only knows. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. Oh, I hope this king an empty space if not for grace. Oh my [Music] go through of love. Oh, an empty space if not for great. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. Oh, how sweet the sound. Yes, Lord. I was lost. Oh, but now I'm Oh, amazing. Oh, if not for me. Oh, where would I be? Where would I be? Oh go see. Oh, oh, an empty space. Oh, if you not for the Lord some praise one more time. Oh hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glad to see throughout an empty space. Well, if one more time where [Music] [Music] Oh, if you amazing, how sweet I once was. an [Music] empty. Can we give the Lord a hand of praise this morning? You appreciate the Lord this morning. You appreciate the Lord Jesus this morning. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. You appreciate the pastor and the message this morning. Are you under expectation for your time, for your season, for your filling, for your deliverance? Amen. Amen. What can we say? Let's just bow our heads with prayer. We have some prayer requests for Sister Naomi Storm with belly pains. for sister Kangi with high blood pressure and from sister Christine for my father who's in a hospital the doctors think it's his kidneys but we're unsure and we'd like to pray for his healing and the salvation of his soul. And if there's any unwritten or unspoken request you want to show by raise of hands as we approach a throne of grace. Can we bow our heads? Heavenly Father, Lord, we are so humbled this morning to be in your presence, Lord. And Lord, to hear such words of eternal life, Lord. Surely our hearts burn within us, Father. And Lord, God, we come this morning to your throne of grace, Lord, through the blood bringing, Lord, your children before you, Lord. And Father God, we pray that even now you would touch little Naomi with that belly pain. Father, may you touch her from the crown of her head to the soles of her feet, and may she be completely healed. Lord, may you touch Sister Rosemary Kangley right now, Lord. That high blood pressure, we curse it in the name of Jesus Christ this morning. And we declare that all is well this morning. And Lord, for Sister Christine's father, Lord, in the hospital, whatever this situation is, Father, may you touch him, Lord. And more importantly, may he come to know you by revelation and by experience. And Lord, if there's anyone sick in the building, Lord, and Lord, we see the hands that are raised, Lord. Anyone on the internet, Father, anyone who would watch this tape, Lord, may they catch a hold of faith and know that you are still the same yesterday. You are the still the same today and forever. May you heal your people. May you touch your people. May you bless your people. May you deliver your people. May you set the captives free, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ. And Lord, as we prepare to leave this house, but not from your presence, Father, may you grant traveling mercies to your people, may you be with each one in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Lord, we want to remember, Lord, our pastor this morning, brother Oie, Lord, for standing in the gap, Lord. May you touch him from the crown of his head to the souls of his feet. May you recharge him. May you refill him. May you strengthen him, Lord. May your Holy Ghost be with your people. Granted now in the precious name of Jesus Christ and the church says amen and amen and amen. You may be seated for a few announcements. At this time we would like to welcome Paul Jones to the headstone tabernacle. Can you stand please? Welcome. Welcome. Invite my brother Jason Rajkumar. We're happy to have you with us. We'd also like to welcome sister Genevie Thompson. God bless you. Thank you for coming. God bless you. Amen. So for our announcements this coming Tuesday, there's no service in Maraval. I think I mentioned it last week. There'll be no services in Maraval until after the convention. So we only have one midweek service here at the tabernacle on Thursday at 7:30 p.m. And of course, service continues this coming Sunday. We are completely in convention preparation mode with only three Sundays before the convention. So we're looking for all of your support both naturally and spiritually as brother Obert said to accelerate the prayers because we are under great expectation. I have a few other announcements and um then brother Blackman will come to address a few issues. Okay. We also want to welcome brother Ad Sabu. Uh welcome. God bless you. and his wife is here as well. God bless you. And uh group one maintenance team, please meet with brother Popwell after service. And there'll also be a choir practice after service. So that's all the announcement. Service continues next Sunday. There'll be work after service today and for the next three Sundays as well. We solicit your support and if you are available during the week at all over the next coming weeks in preparation for the convention, please speak to brother Shane. And generally as we get nearer to the convention, we'll be looking for some support in a number of different ways. So at this time, I'd like to invite brother Michael Blackman to the pullpit. He's our operations director.
