################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-04-17 - To Him That Overcometh - Bro. Isaac Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle - Isaac Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2016-04-17
Title:    To Him That Overcometh - Bro. Isaac Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle
Speaker:  Isaac Ovid
Church:   Headstone Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 20m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8b3ijmWieg
========================================

Description:
This message was preached on Sunday April 17, 2016 AM at Headstone Tabernacle.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Give me a wonderful [Music] name. Oh my life Lord be glorified. Oh be glorified. Oh my love Lord. Oh be glorified today in my heart Lord. Oh my heart Lord be glorified Lord Lord my heart Lord. Oh, be glorified. Be glorified today in my church. Lord, be glorified. Oh, in my church, Lord. Oh, be glorified, Lord. My church Lord. Oh church, church Lord. Oh be glorified today. One more time. My sister Christian come forward today. Oh my life. Oh my life. Life. Oh be glorified. Oh my life. Oh, be glorified today. One more time in my life, Lord. Oh my life. Oh be glorified my life. Oh life. Oh be glorified today. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed to be a wonderful name. Thank you Lord Jesus. May have seats. [Music] The moon and stars they wept. The morning sun was dead. The savior of the world was fallen. His body on the cross. His blood poured out for us. The weight of every curse upon him. [Music] M one final breath he gave as hell looked [Music] away. The son of God was laid in [Music] darkness. A battle in the grave. The war on death was waged. The power of hell forever brokeen. The ground began to shake. The stone was rolled away. His perfect love could not be overcome. Now death where is your sting our resurrected king has re you defeated forever. He is glorified forever. He is lifted high forever. He is [Applause] [Music] [Applause] ris. The ground begins to shake. The stone was rolled away. His perfect love could not be over. Now death where is your stay? Our resurrected king has reed you defeated forever. He is glorified. Forever he is lifted high. Forever he is [Applause] ris. He is alive. [Music] We sing [Music] hallelujah. We say hallelujah. We say hallelujah. The lamb is overcome. We sing hallelujah. We sing hallelujah. [Music] We sing hallelujah. The lamb is over. We sing hallelujah. We sing hallelujah. We sing hallelujah. Lamb is overcome. We sing hallelujah. We sing hallelujah. We sing hallelujah. The lamb is over. We sing hallelujah. We sing hallelujah. We sing hallelujah. The lamb is over. We sing hallelujah. We sing hallelujah. We sing hallelujah. The lamb has overcome forever. He is glorified. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] He is alive. He is [Applause] alive. Heat. Heat. Heat. is risal. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh forever my king. Oh thank you Lord Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We sing hallelujah. Just sing [Music] hallelujah. We sing hallelujah. Oh we sing hallelujah. We say, "Oh, hallelujah to the king this morning. Hallelujah to the lamb this morning. Oh, he has overcome. Oh, we sing hallelujah. We sing hallelujah. We sing hallelujah. We sing hallelujah. We sing hallelujah. We sing. Oh, just lift your hands and worship him right now. Forget about who is next to you. Oh, he's worthy this morning. Oh, give him the highest praise. Hallelujah, Lord Jesus. Oh, you overcame, Lord Father. Oh, you conquered death. You conquered hell. You conquer the grave, Lord Father. Oh, we say hallelujah, Lord. Oh, [Applause] hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, how many love him this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. We give you the highest praise. We give you all the glory. We give you all the honor and our father. Oh hallelujah. Oh thank you Lord Jesus. How many appreciate that special this morning. God bless you with Anthony sister Kersha. Oh thank you for that blessing. Oh thank you for reminding us of who he really is. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be a wonderful name. How many love him this morning? How many appreciate him this morning? Oh, hallelujah. As we prepare for the word. Oh, let's be under great expectation. Let's sing that song. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you are my God. You're my king. You're my fortress. Just lift your hands and worship him right now. Forget about who's next to you. It's oneon-one now. You and God, you and your father. You and your king. Oh, just bow before him. Oh, let him know how wonderful he is this morning. Let him know how much you love him, how much you need him. Create atmosphere of praise. Create atmosphere of worship. Oh, let's welcome his presence right now. Oh, hallelujah. Lord, we bow before you, Lord. We kneel at the foot of your cross, Lord Father. Oh, and we say you are our God. You are king. You are fortress, Lord Father. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory be to your name. Create atmosphere of praise right now. Forget about yourself. Forget about who's next to you. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory be to your name, Lord Jesus. Oh, we bow before you Lord Father. Oh, you are God this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my heart. All together lovely. All together worthy. All together wonderful to be. Oh to worship. here to God. Oh to say that you're my God. Oh together love all together worthy. All together wonderful to be here I am. Oh yeah, Lord. I worship you, Lord. I bow before you, Lord, Father. Oh, I'm saying you're my God this morning. I'm saying you're my fortress this morning. I'm saying you're my deliverer this morning. I'm saying you're my defense this morning. I'm saying you're my shield this morning. Oh, my high tower, Lord, Father. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, one more time. Here I am. Here I am to worship. Here I am to power. Oh, here I am to say that you're mine. Oh, you're all together loveing. All together worthy. all together. Wonderful to me. Let's give him some praise now. Give him some glory. Give him some honor. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yeah. Oh, hallelujah. My king, my fortress, my deliver, my strength, my shield this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be a wonderful name. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Let's worship the Lord this morning. [Applause] Hallelujah. Yes. Yeah. Lord worship. Oh yeah. [Applause] Lord. Hallelujah. All together worthy. All together. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Yes, Jesus. Let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. Father, we thank you for your presence. Lord, we thank you for go. We thank you for evening light. Lord, may you reveal yourself this day. May you anoint your people in a special way. May the fire of God fall upon them. Father, may you walk out the pages of this Bible and may you be glorified in our midst. We wait on you in Jesus name. Amen. Before you have your seat, just greet somebody in Jesus name. [Music] [Music] Oh my. You have your seats. Hallelujah. You know what you're here for, right? Here to worship. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Glory. Hallelujah. You're here to worship. Whether he gave it to you or he don't give it to you. What you ask him for, that doesn't matter. You're here to worship. Whether he answer your prayer or he doesn't answer your prayer, doesn't matter. You're here to worship. Amen. bow down. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. This [Music] season, my my my to come into an atmosphere, to come into his presence is the greatest thing that could happen to you. We think so much about our problems, our challenges, our situation and less on his power, presence, omnipotence. Amen. Look at Moses. The Red Sea in front of him. Two mountains on both sides. That's right. Pharaoh is coming from a distance. Pharaoh. Pharaoh didn't instantly appear behind them. Amen. They seeing dust. They hearing a noise. They thinking it's some desert storm. Or when they look, they see chariots. With horsemen, with spears, what are you going to do when the odds are against you? What are you going to do when your back is against the wall? What are you going to do where it seems like no way out? But there is a God that could make a way where there is no way. [Applause] So when you know that what you're supposed to do when you come into his presence, what you're supposed to do when you get into his presence, not praise him, not praise him, not give him glory, things bad, but it could have been worse. Okay, praise you people. Hallelujah. I almost lost my mind, but I'm still here. I almost gave up, but I'm still here. I almost let go, but I'm still here. Oh, give him glory. Give him praise. Oh, hallelujah. You're my God. You're my God. You're my God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, we give God a shout in the house. Shout hallelujah. We never shout before. Shout hallelujah. Glory be to God. Oh, let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing hallelujah. Give the Lord some glory. Oh, glory. You may be seated. Well, greetings in the precious name of Jesus. And it's so good to be in God's presence. I don't know what I will do without his presence. Oh my. It's a good day to be alive. It's a good day to be in the house of God. Amen. May God bless you and uh this coming week I'll be leaving brother Terren and brother Kangi will be believing for Kentucky. Have some meetings across there. We do solicit your sincere prayer that God blessing and God leadership and anointing will be upon our lives today. I'm not the speaker that Isaac is. You appreciate him. Trust God bless him and use him. And that's what we're looking for. For God to come down and inspire his word to do things that we didn't expect. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's how you see God. When you're human run out, when what you can do and when you could hit that failure bump and you fall flat in your face or flat in your back, either way is a fall. Face or back. But when you come through, you know God, he's real. He's alive. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. So I want to encourage you this morning. I'll share a few things just before Isaac comes on that the emphasis you have to begin to see is meeting God. Amen. Your encounter with God. Amen. The reality of his presence and power, what he could do for you. Because the more you focus on the problem and the situation to me is the more depress depressing it is. The Bible say gross darkness cover the earth. cross darkness cover the people. That's not very exciting. That's not very inspirational. But yet he said arise and shine for thy light is come and the glory shall be seen upon you, risen upon you. And in prayer meeting on Thursday night, I felt as I begin to pray and before we exalt in that prayer meeting, I felt almost as in the spirit realm that we in a cave like there's gross darkness outside. I felt like if there was a lamp, like if we under lamp light, like if we hiding from the enemy, like if we secure, like if we covered and I say, but that is how it really is. You understand that we are minority. Amen. On the earth. Yes. You recognize there's darkness everywhere. You recognize everybody going to worship the beast system because they want the power of group. They want the power of organization. They want the church power, not the individual power with God. Do you understand that devil is fighting the individual power with God? But I kindly share something with me something the Pope Francis, Mr. Francis said in 2014. He says a dangerous thing to try to have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ. He said it should have no freelancing. You have to come through the church. So not even the the pope wanted to really get in contact with Jesus. He he wanted to come through him the church system. But we find out last week that when the veil was rent, God tore it from the top to the bottom to make sure you are aware that you have access and you don't have to pass through some man and have no man impose himself on you. You have to get a personal contact with the pillar of fire because God have no grandchildren in our time zone. This human time is have children and grandchildren and great grandchildren. But God don't have that. A baby is a son or a baby is a daughter. They just get big yet. But God only have sons and daughters in every age. He don't have no grandchildren to shake and pamper. It's only sons and daughters being loosed on the earth. And God going to release the final lot, the final set. But this set going to produce the manifestation of the sons of God. Come on now. Glory to God. Hallelujah. [Applause] God have no grandchildren. So that why God have no you had to talk to your mother or your grandmother before you talk to him. Soon as you're ready, he ready to talk. Look at little Samuel. Samuel was a small boy. Yes, sir. And God begin to deal with him because Eli was playing the fool. Eli was out of order. Eli was blind and old. And his son was doing wickedness in the temple of God. And God had to anoint a little child and put words in his mouth and anoint him as a prophet because that child came under travail from a barren mother. Hannah was barren and she was travailing asking God to take away her reproach. Are you barren in spirit? You need virtue and knowledge. You need temperance and patience. You need godliness. You need live voices. You need the thunder to shake the devil. Then it's time to groan. It's time to travail. It's time to ask God to take away the [Applause] reproach. You may be seated because when the people come to see Jesus, we can't show them the building. When the people come to see Jesus, you got to show them the pastor. They have to see Jesus. Jesus walking, Jesus talking. Jesus living. But Satan met Jesus before. And if you meet him again, you must know Jesus. That's why them demons say, "Paul, I know. Peter, I know, but who are you?" Yes, sir. Hallelujah. I know what these guys had. Amen. Bible talk about the ministry of Jesus Christ, not ministries of Jesus Christ. It only have one ministry. So it can't be a man in have a ministry, next man ministry, and next man in ministry and ministry ministry. No, no. That dear ministries, but the ministry of Jesus Christ, it only have one of that. Amen. Amen. And that is what the fight for ministry will have. That one ministry of Jesus Christ purpose for the perfecting of the saints for the work of the ministry for the edifying of the baby. Not to be the pope of the saints, the pontiff of the saints, the bishop of the saints. That's not what it said. It's to pour the virtues into the people which cannot be done by revelation. You have to have it to give it. You have to have it to release it. That is what we talking about. So the first sign is a dying man. What you want is a dead man. Amen. Amen. And money and wealth and all them glory and hallelujah. And he love the past and that doesn't kill him. That's right. Let's quiet inside of here. It's okay. I could take my time. Right. Blessing don't ever kill people. Blessing doesn't even get character. Blessing comes upon people. But what changes people is pressure, trials, testings, things that preachers don't like to preach about and people don't like to hear about. But these are the things that has transformed. The Bible call it the trial of your faith. work at patience and let patience have its perfect work that you be entire lacking nothing. People don't like to preach those things. Come to Jesus, everything going to be all right. Canify chicken by the buckets. Is that right? Lord, so I want to turn to a scripture. You don't have to stand. You sit. You could sit uh the preacher going to make you stand and read scripture. But I I don't want you to feel like I'm taking up I'm not sharing this. Just have a thought. I want to sort of finalize this focus to Calvary thing. You can stay right there. Still sit right off of Stephen scripture. But it's from uh Mark 14 verse 3-9. Anybody have it? You know what? Let's stand. Let's take a stand. do something different. Let's read from verse three verse 14. Chapter 14. And being in a Bethany in the house of Simon the leper. Mark 14:3. And he came sat at meat talking about Jesus. And there came a woman having an alabaster box of ointment of spinad very precious. She break the box poured it on his head. And there were some that had indignation within themselves, said, "Why was this waste of ointment made for it might have been sold for more than 300 p, which I understand was more than a year's pay in that day, and have been given to the poor," and they murmured against her. And Jesus said, "Let her alone. Why trouble ye her? She had wrought a good work on me. For ye have the poor with you always. And whensoever ye you may do them good, but me ye have not always. She had done what she could, she is come beforehand to anoint my body to be burying. Verily I say unto you, wheresoever this gospel shall be preached throughout the whole world, this also that she had done shall be spoken for memorial of her. May God bless this word. You may be seated. Amen. The scripture that brother had given us, it came to pass this Luke 9:51. When the time was come that he should be receive up, he steadfastly set his face towards Jerusalem. And that word steadfast mean to be firm in purpose. That word steadfast mean unwavering. Amen. Firmly fixed, constant, unmoving, the quality of state of being steadfast, firmness, constancy. That's what that means. Resolute. that nobody will move you from the direction and the target that you're aiming at. That's it. But today, one more scripture I want to read. You do have to find this one. This is from St. John 12. This is a particular verse out of the same story. Verse three. Then took Mary a pong of ointment of spineard, very costly, anointed the feet of Jesus, wiped his feet with a hair, and this is the part I want to get to. And the house was filled with the order of the ointment. And if I could put a little I won't say title, but I'll call it the order of the ointment. The order of the ointment. And understand the alabaster box is a box used to really preserve things in it, seal things in it. It had the perfume inside of it. And this woman didn't ask the Pharisee permission to do what she did. She was inspired. Something move on her because Jesus had was to be anointed to die. That's the next part. Anointed to die. So Jesus, this woman came and break the box. Now, once that box is broken, because I think they have a kind of wax seal in it sometimes. It's an expensive perfume. It's an expensive ointment. She could have sold it. Maybe she saved a long time to get it. You don't know how she labor to keep it and and and has maybe it was an investment for her. I don't know. But she chose to take that and break it. And the the whole place was filled with the order of the anoint ointment. And I believe when that anointing to die comes upon your life, the family, the house, the home, your work, the job all around you going to be filled with the order of the ointment that you are anointed to surrender, anointed to give up, anointed to go to Calvary. You're going to be anointed to die. You can't just say you're going just as you have to be sent to Jordan. That's what Elijah said. You have to be sent to Calvary. You have to be anointed. And I feel that God have a way of breaking that anointing. But everybody going to see it. Here is why. When that woman that's looking for that coin, remember that lost coin? The Bible said her neighbors, come on now, could see the dust flying because she was searching for something. What is your thirst this morning? What is your deep this morning? What are you looking at? What are you looking for? There got to be a deep in your spirit. There got to be a deep in your heart. I'm fixing to wrap up here, but Brandon said the dynamics of the promised word is that drives the people to Calvary because they're not going normal. So, something have to push them. Something have to drive them. He said, "If love don't get you uh desperate, conditions will." Well, conditions are coming. Just in case you don't know, it's coming. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Your husband is not your enemy. Your wife is not the enemy. Amen. Your children is not the enemy. The enemy is the devil. Yes sir. And to overcome, you have to recognize the devil at every one of his tricks. Your brother is not the enemy. Your sister is not the enemy. Nobody could take what God ordained for you. That's a lie. What is yours? It's yours. Hallelujah. Come and give the Lord a shout. What is yours is yours. Amen. I'll close with this. Abraham was called out by God. God called him to a land he never saw. He believed. He walked by faith. Because whenever God called you, sometimes the eyes will fool you. You can't use your eyes. Amen. You can't use your senses then. You can't use your emotions. Then you have to put that aside. If if Abraham keep looking at Sarah, he said no way. That's right. Every day he get more depressed because every day Sarah not getting younger. So every day is a frustration. Not only that, Sarah out of the atmosphere altogether. She own and he had to live with that. But because Abraham believed God. Not Sarah, but God. He staggered not at the promise of God, but was strong and evidence given praise. [Music] When you get weak, you complain. So anytime you find somebody complaining, complaining, this is wrong, that wrong, the weak. When you start to praise God amidst [Applause] I come and say all of that this morning, when you could praise God amidst your trying circumstance, you are actually telling them, "You liar. You I believe you at all. [Applause] That's what that's what you see. You see once you you you obey the devil when I say obey the devil sometime unconsciously. So you know you get depressed and you get more depressed and get more depressed and you hear a word say praise God instead of you say hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. No you're still feeling bad but you're hallelujah. You're looking up. You're starting something. You're starting a movement there. I start in a revolution. Devil say you're hypocrite. You know you're feeling bad. Yeah, but you're not considering how you're feeling. Your mouth saying praise God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. You feel nothing yet. But but but you're moving towards thy direction. He don't want you. Praise God. He don't want you. Bless God. He want you to look at your hands, your pain, your back, what the doctors say, the bills, the rent, who you owe. He want you to see everything else but God. [Applause] You may be seated. You see, you see when brother Brandham lost his child, lost his his wife and was the child was dying and the devil come and say, "Look at you. You serving God, you're preaching and whatnot. Look, you're going to lose your child." He wouldn't even answer your prayer. Were you serving him for and then he started to reason out and reason the devil and what was saying is true. You know what I mean? Things coming out all of a sudden something not here from here. From here, something just come to his spirit. Say the Lord give the Lord take it away. Blessed be the name of the This is death now. This is Think about that lovely child you have now. When you're losing that child and and you could say the Lord give the Lord just lose your wife. There's a child going now. The Lord give the Lord take it. You know people don't want to say amen. You better say amen. You know because the Lord still give and the Lord will still take away. Whether you say amen or not, that is going to change what God will do. [Applause] Hallelujah. You think Jesus had it easy? But my God, why thou forsaken me? Amen. Yes, I'm going through. I'm going strong. I'm Jesus. That might look good for for a play. That might look for a play, not the reality. My God. My Lord. My Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. And get so many and get so many. Jesus wasn't play acting. If it's possible, let us go past. I only saying that for them to hear. Is death coming? Yeah. Glory. I want you to say amen now. Because we have no other place to go, you know. Oh, you thought it had another street. No, it's straight street we going. It's Jordan. It means speaking right to your wife. It means respecting your husband. It means obeying the word. It means wanting the word to become flesh. I'm excited. I have to be. Because for all these years looking for this word to come alive and for the Christ to walk out the pages of this Bible. Glory. Glory. Glory. You talk about the time coming. So the Bham said they're going to close on the churches. Yes, sir. That's right. I know churches in America under pressure. They will be when the church is closed down. What then? It's not the building, is the church. Come on now. You supposed to be a Christian anywhere. Put you on the moon, you're still a Christian. Put you on Mars, you're a Christian. Put you in the fiery furnace, you're a Christian. put in a lion den, you're still a Christian in the lion's den, in the fiery furnace, in the ark, in the flood, wherever God put you, you're still longer trying to close. We are going back to the Bible. Hallelujah. Look at those natural people. How she could do that? It's recession. We got to do with our money. Why she didn't sell that? We get the poor and we get good credit for feeding the poor. She said no problem. It's plenty poor. I always are poor. But I wouldn't be here always. And besides that, that woman anointed to do what she did because Jesus knew by that anointing. It's not many days hence. God help me Jesus. Oh, give the Lord some praises, people. God have to send the right people around your life. God have to send the right anointing upon your life. I love how this woman was inspired. She break it, perfume up the whole place with it. Got these fence and not right here and pour it on his head. Hallelujah. Glory today. You had to pass through the deacon, the elder, the trustee. You had to pass through a whole line of people to get to Jesus's head. I used to tell it's not Jesus because when the real Jesus was walking, anybody could touch him. Anybody could could talk to him. Anybody could meet him. Oh my. And he's the same yesterday. Oh, give the Lord some praise. This people says we would see Jesus. Next woman, she wasn't invited to the party. He's a man. Invite Jesus looking to embarrass him because every house in in in Jerusalem and all those big places have somebody to wash your feet and so on because Jerusalem roads stink and with filth and all kind of the road. So they have somebody to wash your feet. Yeah. Nice coat to come in inner court. They let Jesus come in dirty feet. Tables low. Wasn't high tables. You sit on your feet sticking up in the air. Everybody foot smelling nice. Everybody foot clean. Jesus foot smelling. We want to say say oh it's not it's terrible. This woman saw Jesus feet and say whoa that not right. No she was a ill- failed woman. Now she wasn't even study how illfamed she was. She wasn't staying. She wasn't even studying. You see this is what faith anointing and purpose and inspiration make. It is make you go past you because if she study her reputation and everybody thinking about she and how they know she and what she do, she just sit down and just shake her head and go, "Whoa." But because she saw a purpose, she saw a need. She saw she wanted to do something for the Messiah. She break past the fence. She She go around the bouncer who trying to keep people out the door. And she got through to Jesus and begin to weep, cry. and and and take her hair and dry his feet, her tears, washes of his feet. And Jesus is not saying anything. He is silent leaving the woman to do her do and watching what the rest thinking and and and meditating and say if he was a real man of God, they never let that kind of woman do what she is doing. If he was a real minister, if he was really in the five-fold, never going to let that happen. Those bunch of hypocrites. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. And when Jesus had enough of their torch because your torch is louder in heaven than your words on earth. So why they think in it? He hearing it booming in his amplified song in Jesus amplified show equipment. He hearing all your thoughts. You may be seated. All of a sudden Jesus said, "Simon, I have a word for you. I'm not ready to talk." Hallelujah. I want to break this silence. I want to reveal the mystery of what taking place all here. This woman whose sins are many. Yes, I know her. Her name is in the book. But Jesus drop her charges. Jesus dismiss her case. This woman whose sins are many are forgiven. Oh, that woman went out dancing. That woman went out shouting. It didn't matter what they thought about her. She was free. And who the son of man set free is free indeed. Let's just worship the Lord. Oh hallelujah. And let's play through the blood. Through the blood. As they come and minister to us this morning. Through the blood. Through. Through the blood. We come into his presence. Oh, you love turn around one more time and greet somebody. Oh Jesus. Oh, through the blood. Oh, through the we into his presence. Oh Jesus has made a way that we can come into his presence. Oh through the blood. Let's sing for the last time. Oh, through the blood. Oh, through the blood we can come into his presence. Oh, Jesus made our way that we can come into his presence through the blood. Can we give the Lord a hand of praise this morning? Oh, are you happy to be in the house of the Lord today? It is such a blessing to be in the house of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Don't stop praising him. Don't stop praising him. Don't stop thanking him. He's worthy to be praised. He's worthy of the glory. He's worthy of the honor. Oh, let everything take that half breath. Praise the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. You appreciate brother O this morning. You appreciate the special. You appreciate the song service this morning. Amen. So, we're going to speak a bit more about it after service. But today is brother O's birthday. So, God bless you. How many appreciate our pastor this morning? Amen. Happy birthday, brother O. God bless you and we'll take care of that after service. Amen. We do have a note of praise uh from mother Shane. About a month ago, prayer was offered for my aunt and all who was experiencing extreme pains in her bones and was told by the doctor that it could be cancer of the bone which was inconclusive. And she told me before going back for the results from the test, the pains left but still went back to the doctor to confirm if anything was there. and the results from the doctor came back negative. So we we thank God for that. He is still in the healing business this morning. We do have a number of prayer requests from brother Maron for his coworker um Amita Ratu Pinto who's having complications in her pregnancy. We want to remember her in prayer and from brother Joe and brother Jason for Lily Williams experiencing uh pain uh from a sickle cell condition. We want to remember her in prayer. We also want to remember my wife in prayer at home uh suffering with paralysis of her face. So we want to remember her in prayer also. Can we bow our heads in a word of prayer? Heavenly Father, Lord, we are such a needy people this morning. Lord, we see the enemy has increased his attacks all over, Father. And it's could only be one thing. Time is short and the devil realizes that we are about to slip out from under the grasp of this world. Father, Lord, your word said the bride will be a hunted, persecuted group, but with a blast of power. We're going to leave here. The devil will be so mad. He's going to go after the remnant, Father. But he the enemy realizes that there's a change in the atmosphere. It is a change in season and sons and daughters are breaking free from sin and free from condemnation and free from the effects of the world. Father God and father we know you are the same yesterday, today and forever. We didn't come this morning just to have church service but we came to serve notice to the devil that we are intensifying our efforts to get out of here. We don't belong here. We know who we are. We know our position in the kingdom of God as sons and daughters of the living God. And with that position and authority comes power. And father God, we declare this morning, house of hell, take your hands off of God's people. We speak a word of healing right now for every prayer request. May you touch Sister Lily right now from the crown of her head to the soles of her feet. Lord, not only may the pain leave, but may this sickle cell condition be completely reversed today in the name of Jesus Christ, we plead the blood and apply it upon her and her house today, Lord, upon my wife, that facial condition. May you reach down even now and heal her completely. If there's anyone else sick in the building, sick on the internet, Father God, may the Holy Ghost today move through the connection, move through the camp. We take control this morning for the glory of God. Uh we take control of the atmosphere. We take control of the elements. Uh we take control of this place. Uh we say, Father, you are welcome in this house this morning. We welcome the Holy Spirit. We welcome the pillar of fire. We welcome the angel of the Lord. Uh may this day the sick be healed. May the backsliders be restored. Lord, may the prison bars break open. May the house of hell give way to the name of Jesus. every situation, every sickness, every condition, every mind battle, every depression, every doubt, every situation, we put it under the blood this morning in the name of Jesus Christ. We give you the glory. We give you the honor. We give you the praise. We give you the thanks. It's already done. It's a finished work. It was finished at Calvary. That's our history. We are connected to Calvary way before the foundation of the world. Father, may you bless the reading of the word. May you bless the service today. May you bless your people today. May the Holy Ghost pour out. May you bless your people. May you take me out of the way in the name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, And the church says, "Amen." Amen. And amen. Turn around. Greet your brother. Greet your sister. Amen. Amen. [Music] [Music] Through it all. Through it all. I've learned to trust in Jesus. And I learned to trust in God. Oh, through it all. Oh, through. Oh, I learn to depend upon his word. Oh, through it all. Is that your testimony this morning? Through it all. Oh, I learned to trust in Jesus. Oh, and I learned to trust in God. Oh, through it all. Oh, through it all, I learn to depend upon his word. Give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, musicians. So this morning, if you have your Bibles, would you turn with me to one portion of scripture, reading from the book of Revelation, reading chapter 3. It is certainly a great privilege to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Revelation chapter 3 and reading verse 11. Revelation 3 and verse 11. Behold, I come quickly. Behold that fast which thou hast that no man take thy crown. Him that overcomemeth will I make a pillar in the temple of my God. And he shall go no more out. And I will write upon him the name of my God and the name of the city of my God which is New Jerusalem which cometh down out of heaven from my God. And I will write upon him my new name. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. Unto the angel of the church of the leadyans, write these things, sayeth the amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God. I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot. I would thou cold or hot. So then, because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. Because thou sayest, I am rich and increase with goods, and of need of nothing, and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked. I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich, and white reignment, that thou mayest be clothed, and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear, and anointed eyes with eyes, that thou mayest see. As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten. Be zealous therefore and repent. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man shall hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and will s with him and he with me. To him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne. Even as I also overcame, and am set down with my father in his throne. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. May the Lord add a blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated. So for a title this morning, to him that overcometh. Hallelujah. My subject, how can I overcome? And an inspiration, the placing of the overcomers in their position of power. This message this morning is not for the church member. hits to the individual and brother in speaking this morning and over the last two weeks speaking about Jordan and speaking about the individual being called aside being sent to Jordan it really comes down to that individual affair and in the message Christ is revealed in his own word but the Brandham said knowing that what we must say we mustn't just say he talking about what we say in church we mustn't just say because we are gathered together to just haphazardly speak on anything but it's something that will help stabilize the people. So that's what we are here to do this morning to stabilize the people because here's why we are going to pass through dangerous treacherous waters. Brother Brandham said we are already sailing through them and sometimes it gets with you like it is with me. And brother Brandham goes on. I was talking to a young minister and his wife in the room just a few moments ago and both of them are nervous just like the rest of the world, the rest of the human beings. And I said, remember, and this is the prophet speaking, Satan's got a punch coming at you. Don't care who you are, he's got a right to that one punch. See, he's got somewhere he can punch you. He's got a right to that open place. Now, that's the spot you got to keep covered all the time. So, what O has been speaking, he's saying talking about death and talking about overcoming and talking about all of this. When many people come to church in the message and they have the approach, it's going to be all right. Yes, it's going to be all right. But there's a punch that's going to come your way. And you're going to have to stand. You're going to have to overcome. And it's a reality to hear the truth so that you're not surprised when the punch comes your way because the character, as he said, is only formed through the pressure. The character is only formed when you get the punch. The character is only formed when something happens. Somebody say, "Amen." So I just drop that in there to encourage you. It's only in church you get encouragement knowing the attack is coming because that's what the army is about. There's no sense going to the army for you to never go to war. There's no reason to join the army unless there is a war. But if you are in the army and there is a war, then you ought to know get ready because the enemy is coming. And if the enemy is coming, you got to draw your sword. You got to get ready because how can you be an overcomer unless you have something to overcome? And I believe this morning we are in the age of the overcomers. That God has some overcomers. Uh in 2016 there are some young people that will overcome. There are some fathers will overcome. There are some individuals will overcome. What will they overcome? Church spirit. Uh they will overcome sin. They will overcome their sickness. They will overcome their feelings. They will overcome lust. Uh they will overcome unbelief. They will overcome yesterday. They will overcome their past. Uh they will overcome their failures. Uh they will overcome what people said about them. You will overcome your bad feelings. Uh you will overcome every devil. You will overcome sickness. Uh you will come overcome all hell being against you and you will stand as an overcomer. So this morning I'm speaking to overcomers. Uh so if the devil is coming against you this morning, rejoice because you are an overcomer. The Bible says God will never give you more than you can bear. The problem is you don't realize how strong you are. You don't realize how much power you have. Brother Brandham said there's more power in your little finger than what the devil got. But you don't know it yet. You don't realize it yet. But the moment you get a revelation of who you are, who God is, and who the devil is, the devil is finished. And I declare this morning the devil is finished because we are overcomers. Can the church say amen? Oh, you may be seated. You are a mystery this morning. Brother Kangali, you are a mystery. Young people, you are a mystery. The devil can't figure you out. That's why brother Brandham said when you get over there, you will see some people and you will wonder how they made it because the odds are against you for you even making it. But greater is he that's in you than he that's in the world. Uh nobody thinks you're going to make it. That's their problem. But the God uh who put me here, he put an attribute, a gene inside of you that just won't die, that just won't give up. Uh that just won't backslide. Uh you could fall this way, you could fall that way. But whenever you don't have strength for yourself, that gene uh begins to speak uh begins to speak uh because that gene comes from God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Everybody should be smiling because in you is the DNA of God. And you know the story when they buried Jesus, that DNA had the ability to resurrect itself. So you might be dead this morning, but if that same spirit, if that same gene, if that same genetic structure, if that same coding is inside of you, I don't care if you you don't hear me this morning. You can't kill me again. That's why I want to go to Jordan. Because when I die out at Jordan, you can't kill me again. You cannot kill me again. I want to die out this morning. I want to overcome this morning. Can the church say amen? [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's why the Bible can say you may be seated. Count it all joy. When you get all kind of trials and the and the fire gets hot seven times hotter. Count it joy. Listen, we should have more notes of praises. You haven't been writing the correct notes of praises in the church. I'm about to set that part in order with your permission, pastor. We need to write praises for the hot trials. We need to write praises for the devil increasing the attack. That should be your note of praise because count it all joy. When the trials come hot and heavy because that's the only way you could prove that you are an overcomer. You are born to overcome. You are born to stand. You are born to fight. Greater is he that's in you than he that's in the world. Hallelujah. More notes of praises. More notes of praises. Thank you for the trial. Thank you for the test. Thank you for the pressure. Thank you for the pressure. Thank you for the trial. Thank you for the test. Send some more. Send some more. Send some more. We can handle it. We are overcomers. Send some more trials. How could there be miracles? Uh if there's nobody sick, how could there be deliverance? Uh if there's nobody passed, bring the backsiders. Uh bring the sick. Uh bring the lame. Uh bring We are overcomers. Uh we are the bride of Jesus Christ. There is power here this morning to break every chain, to cast out every [Applause] devil. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Overcome. No praise demons. Overcome. Overcome what you know. Overcome your background. I'm a shy person. I don't want to shout in church. Yeah. You got to overcome that, too. [Applause] Hallelujah. I see a shy person in a fat yet. I see a shy person in a party yet. Hallelujah. But you see what it is is a spirit that's come upon them in the parties and in the feds and that spirit has made them act unnormally. There's a description using English out of character. It makes them act different from how they would normally act. So what do you think will happen to you when the Holy Ghost when the Holy Ghost come upon your heart and come upon your fingers and come upon your feet? People who can't play basketball begin to jump. People who not athletic begin to move because there's Holy Ghost power. God can make you fit overnight. Forget the high blood pressure. Forget the diabetes. Forget the arthritic pain. When the Holy Ghost comes upon you, you begin to overcome all of that. It's the same Holy Ghost. It's the same power. It's the same anointing. Come on. You overcomers, you lift your voice. You give God worship. Today is freedom day. Freedom day. Free at last. Free at last. Thank God almighty. I'm free at last. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. You may be seated. Hallelujah. You see, we need to begin to speak more like Caleb. Caleb didn't say, "If the Lord will drive out those giants from the mountain, then everything will be all right." We need to restructure how we speak. He said, "If the Lord is with me, I singular personal pronoun. If the Lord is with me, I am more than able to drive them out of my house. If God is with me, I singular personal pronoun more than able to clean up my house. If the Lord is with me, I singular personal pronoun, I'm able to get back my daughter. If the Lord is with me, I am able to be recovered. By his stripes, I am healed. By his power, I'm going to make it. I'm going to speak for me. I'm going to speak for my house. If the Lord is with me, I'm more than able. You are more than able this morning. You are more than able this morning. You are more than able this morning. You are born unable this morning. I'm going to say it until you believe it. You are more than able this morning. You are born for such a time as this. This is a faith service. You are not from this world. You come from God. You are going back to God. Don't let the devil lie to you. Don't let the devil speak lies to you. You are more than able. [Applause] Hallelujah. Yes, you could overcome the styles. Yes, you could overcome the fashions. Yes, you could overcome the music. Yes, you could overcome fornication. Yes, you could overcome adultery. Yes, you could overcome pornography. Yes, you could overcome lust. Yes, you could overcome lying. Yes, you could overcome mind battles. Yes, you could overcome doubt. Yes, you could overcome fear. Yes, you could overcome unbelief. [Applause] Hallelujah. God does not make mistakes. He hasn't made one mistake. He is not a mistaken God. When he chose you, he knew why he chose you. And when he looked at you, he looked at you not in your condition, but he looked at the finished product. It takes a real master craftsman to look at the raw material and see the finished product. It takes a genius to look at raw material and know how to put it together to bring it to the finished product. That's why the Bible said he's the author. He wrote the plan and he's the finisher. I thank God that he is the author and he is the finisher. He started it and he's the one finishing it. Listen, it didn't even put you in the equation. He started it and he's the finisher of your faith. You didn't write your name in the book. Did you write your name? Did you write your name? Who wrote the name? He wrote the name in the book and no devil could take it up. Shake yourself this morning. Your healing is on the way. Your deliverance is on the way. Your Holy Ghost baptism is on the way. You didn't choose yourself. Brother O didn't choose you. God chose you. He's the one to perfect you. He is the one to adopt you. He is the one to heal you. Shake yourself this morning. You belong to God. You don't belong to this church. You belong to God. And he is more than able to keep you. He's more than able to preserve you. He's more than [Applause] able. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I don't know what's going to happen this morning, but I have faith this morning to see the sick walk out of here healed this morning. I have faith this morning for the backsliders in here to walk out delivered with a brand preacher message. How can I overcome? And many of us are struggling with all kinds of different things. This morning is the day of your deliverance. The struggle is about to be over because the biggest trick that the devil pull on you is to try to get you to think you are somebody else. You may be seated. Let me say that again. The biggest trick that the devil played on you is for you to think that you are somebody else. And when the word is preached, you say amen, but you think it's for the person next to you. God could heal. Yeah, he could heal him. God could seal. Yeah, he can heal. Huh? But you take yourself out the equation. But this morning, I'm speaking to you. Not the person next to you. Not the person behind you. Not the person in front of you. We come in front and center to confront the issues in your life. That God is the surgeon. He is the doctor. And he is here this morning to perform surgery in your heart. He said, "A new heart I'm going to give you. A new spirit I'm going to give you. I'm going to put my spirit inside of you. That's what we came here for." Hallelujah. You may be seated. [Applause] I'm tired of church. We don't need more church. We need the reality of the living God. We have had word, word, word. The young people, they don't need to hear word. They need to see power. They need to see Holy Ghost fire. Paul, who was Saul before he became Paul, he knew the scriptures. He knew the word. But when the Holy Ghost met him on the road to Damascus, when fire interrupted his day, he wasn't even looking for it. But God interrupted his day. And this morning, God has interrupted your day. He has interrupted your service. He has turned your life upside down to get your attention to let you know greater is he that's in you than that devil trying to deceive you. That spirit trying to Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated. That female condition you have had, time up. I'm saying it this morning. Time up. That high blood pressure, time up. Diabetes, time up. That feeling of weakness, time up that insomnia, time up. Depression, time up. Feeling weak, time up. feeling down time [Applause] up. That's what the word came for. That's what the Holy Ghost is here for. That's what the power is here for. Because the gospel is preached not in word only, but it's in power and demonstration of the sick being healed, of the blind eyes popping open. Don't let the devil tell you it's not you. You worship God. You don't even know what's going on right now. Your eyes cannot see it, but I see demons trembling right now. The Holy Ghost is here. He's delivering the young people. He's delivering the mothers. He's delivering the fathers. The Holy Ghost is here to give you a breakthrough, to give you a release, to take away that condemnation. It's the same Holy [Applause] Ghost. Hallelujah. You don't stop worshiping. Don't stop worshiping. Don't stop worshiping. Today is a different day. To him that overcome it. You are going to overcome. Today you are going to get your breakthrough. Today you are going to clean your life up. Today you're going to make a decision. Today you're going to take a stand. Today you are going to worship. Today you are going to see God. Today you're going to cry out. Today you're going to call upon Jesus. Today you're going to say, "Jesus, I need you today." [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If love doesn't get you desperate, the conditions will. Is your need great enough this morning? Is your need great enough for you to do something different? That woman with the issue of blood, she ran out of money. She ran out of options. The doctors gave up on her. She had nowhere else to go. She had no other ideas. She had no other support. She had no more counsel. But she heard a word that Jesus was around. And she took herself. She didn't ask somebody. She told herself, "If I could just touch the hem of his garment, I am going to be made whole." She didn't read it in a book. She didn't get encouragement to do it. But her need compelled a certain action. Is your need great enough this morning for you to do something different? Is your life upside down this morning that you have a need to say, "Lord, I'm not going home today until I get what I came for. You may be seated. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If you haven't had a prayer life, you don't have to leave that way this morning. If you've been living any way, you don't have to leave that same way this morning. If you have been not sure where you stand, you don't have to be that way this morning. Today is your day for your breakthrough. God promised certain things for the overcomers. [Music] It is supposed to be a fight. Amen. It's not supposed to be a walk in the park to do this. It's the harder way. It's the harder choice. All hell is against you. The people you call your friends on the work, they are not your friends. The people on your street with what they live and what they do, they are not your friends. You are going against the grain. Because there's a different gene in you, a gene to overcome the lust of the eyes. to overcome the lust of the flesh, to overcome the pride of life. You can't help yourself. [Applause] Amen. And the worst thing to do is live between the two worlds. One foot in church and the other foot in the world because you don't just want to let go. You just don't want to give up certain things. So you find yourself never happy, never satisfied because you come to church and you get a child, but then you go to work and you go to school and you go about your life and you're so busy and the devil throws so many options at you. That you end up with the amnesia of not realizing that you are an overcomer. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Adam didn't grow up. Adam didn't experience what you experienced as a child, as a teenager, as an adult. Adam didn't have to deal with temptations and stress and mind battles and ups and downs because he was placed here. So there are certain promises in scripture he could never access because the Bible says to him that overcome it and Adam had nothing to overcome. So for that scripture to be enforced, God had to have sons and daughters who would have to overcome. And the scripture we read speak of Jesus said just as I overcame. So even Jesus himself had to overcome. Amen. And if he had to overcome, must it be different for us? Or is it that we expect God to just give us whatever we want when we ask him? Or is it we want to get more like Christ? Because the more Christlike you become, the more of his will you want to meet. Then your prayer begins to change form. Because Jesus taught us how to pray. But there in the garden of Gethsemane, his prayer took on a different undertone. He said, "Lord, if it is possible, now understand this was the end of Jesus's ministry." The Bible said Jesus learned obedience by the things he suffered. So by this time, Jesus would have already suffered many things. Amen. This is the end of his ministry. So Jesus would have been obedient. Jesus would have had developed character over all his time. This is the ending of his ministry. And yet he still came to a crossroad to pray a certain kind of prayer. Lord, if it is possible, let this cup pass. This is his his final test as it were. This is the final step to overcome. And this is this was his Jordan. Lord, if it is possible, let this cup pass. But nonetheless, never is not my will, but thy will be done. Oh, for a life of complete surrender to what God's will is for your life. We spend so much time pursuing this, pursuing that, this dream, this plan, this goal, this vision, this whatever it is. And God is watching you saying, "You haven't even talked to me just yet. Bring us to the spot that we could overcome ourselves, overcome our plans, and surrender to God." friends. 100% of zero is zero. That's right. That's right. That's right. Your achievement, you do it 100% and it's nothing vanity. It's zero and it will not last. We have a rapture to go to. We have an inheritance to get and we have a manifestation to display power on this earth before we leave this place. How prayerful ought we to be? You know, and the more you look at life and you look at brother Brandham's life and it's easy to talk about things in an abstract way. It's easy to talk about things from a detached perspective because when you don't have the emotion or what you go through with a certain situation, it's very difficult for you to enter into somebody's suffering. Yes. Yes. It's easy to some people can have compassion but you can look at brother Brandham and say he lost his wife he lost his child and that would be hard but unless you go through losing your wife and your child it is very difficult for you to connect with that and yet in his pain but the Brandham could look back and say he was just testing me because brother Brandham was coming into a power and God didn't want to trust his power to anybody that doesn't have character. [Applause] That's right, friends. This world is not how it was 100 years ago, 200 years ago. People are happy coming to church, going home, and doing their routine and not realize that everything that you hold dear is about to fade away. Luther couldn't preach this way. Wesley couldn't preach this way. But this is the last age. So how we speak now is very different from every age gone past because this is the last age at the same time it is the best and worst age because spiritually speaking it is the age Abraham, Elijah, John, Peter, they all wanted to be here. Brother Brandham himself wanted to be here but God didn't allow it. that they without us hallelujah cannot be made perfect. So whilst it is the best age for the believer, it is the worst age for the unbeliever. Crime will not be solved. Violence will not ease up. The schools will not get better. The sin will just get worse and worse because the devil is trying to reclaim all that is his and God is trying to claim all that is his that elect lady and just as in the days of Sodom Abraham pleaded he said Lord if you find 50 would you spare it for 50 yes if you find 40 for 40 yes for 30 for 30 yes but he couldn't even find 10. So God had to do an extraction. He had to do a rapture. He had to take them out of there because it was too filthy and he had to judge it. Church, wake up this morning. To realize that what you are fighting for in the natural has no value at all. Amen. I'm not saying don't live and try to work and no, but make sure you keep your focus on your spiritual purpose because the Bible said it like this. What does it profit a man to gain the whole world and lose his soul? And I'm looking at people in the house of God and people are losing their souls. running down money, running down house, running down ambition, running down their plans, running down their purpose, running down their children, running down all kinds of stuff. And losing their souls, don't lose your soul, church. Keep the focus. Keep the main thing the main thing. Amen. I didn't expect to say all of this. This is not in my notes this morning. But I feel a press coming. I feel the situation changing. And I want to see the church get to a level of desperation. Amen. A level of desperation. Lord, we need you. Lord, you promised it once more, Lord. Amen. And forget the simple things. We are supposed to be way up the road now. You know what the Bible said? Present your bodies a living sacrifice. Holy and acceptable to God. And you know what the Bible call it? It's a reasonable service. Amen. Imagine God is saying presenting your body a living sacrifice is a reasonable service. It is not a difficult thing to do. He said it's reasonable. You don't need to be a Christian to present your body a living sacrifice. People in all kinds of beliefs for all kinds of reasons make all kinds of decisions to live a certain way. What is your excuse when you have the message of Malachi 4 and the message of the hour? Amen. People decide to give up all kinds of thing and live in the mon the monks and the monasteries and all kinds of different religions and they make a decision to live a certain way because they believe a certain something. So it begs the question, what do you believe? Because if you believe that this is real, it will make you act a certain way. It will make you live a certain way. It'll make you speak a certain way. No wonder God could tell the prophet if you only get the people to believe. Not even cancer would stand before you. Because when you really believe God and you could challenge God and put him to the test and said, "Lord, you said it. You spoke it. I believe it. And I'm walking by faith on it. Not by sight, but because I believe. Because it's real. [Applause] So I find myself this morning digging deeper into you, examining yourself to what do you really believe? Because if the Bible says he is the God that heal thee, do you believe that? If the Bible says he is able to supply your needs, do you believe that? When the Bible says no weapon formed against you shall prosper, do you believe that? When the Bible says, I will not leave thee nor forsake thee. Do you believe that? [Applause] Brother Brandham said it this way. You may be seated. God could only prove his word by believers. So I have a question this morning. Are there any believers in the house? Is there anybody who believes that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever? Is there anybody in the house who believe that this message of Malachi 4 is just as real and the promise of the Holy Ghost is just as real as when it fell on the day of Pentecost? Is there anybody who believes that God could still restore the backsliders? God could fix your marriage, God could restore your missing limbs. Is there anybody believes that he could still save? He could still heal. He could still seal. He is still a redeemer. He is a savior. He is Jehovah Gyra. He is Jehovah Rafa. He's Jehovah Nishi. He's Jehovah Siku. Is there any believers in the house? You may be seated. Bible said if I lose this body, there's another body for me. Do you believe that? So what are you worried about? You know that this flesh is just a temporary house for who you really are. Temporary. All it like like if it's permanent. This walking around cannot make it permanent. Amen. Exercise can't make it permanent. Vitamin A, B, C, D, folic acid, or folate cannot make it permanent. This is temporary. But I have another body that's a permanent body. You may be seated. And that body don't need vitamin A, B, C because vitamins is is is already locked up. Eternal life. So what are you worried about? What are you worried about? You are an overcomer. You are overcomer. You may be seated. The vitamins you must have is the vitamins for your soul. You may be seated. But Isaac, this message is so simple this morning. Yes. Because I've seen people with the deep mysteries have no life. Amen. [Music] Let me say that again. People with all the quotes and the tapes have no life. Still cannot forgive. Still cannot love. Still cannot repent. Still cannot shake your hand. Still cannot say God bless you. Still can't do it. So it hasn't worked. No wonder Paul could say, "Do I have all mysteries? Do I speak with tongues? Do I and I have no charity? I'm like a sounding brass. are just talking talking just talking talking I tire of talk I want the living reality of the living God I want charity to be in my life [Applause] I can't judge anybody say judge not I can't judge you God is the judge so I'm not here to judge you but I'm here point a way and a higher way. The Bible said there's a way that seemth right man. It seems right. It looks right. The mats add up, but it it appears right, but it's the wrong way. The end is death and destruction. What road are you on this morning? I made to shake your reality this morning because it's down to the individuals. situations come and when the situation come I ask the question in the dark ages in the days of Peter and they when Peter say oh God so happy to be crucified like my Lord Peter was happy in fact he said don't even do it like Jesus turn me upside down because I'm not even worthy to die like he died for the sake of this gospel it's dripping with blood. The blood of disciples who died for the truth. When the they they put them in the lion's den and they fed them in the circus, they walked saying nearer my God to thee. Do we have any believers in the house? [Applause] Who really believe this gospel to be the truth. Yes. Amen. No wonder the Bible says when the son of man cometh, shall he find faith? Because it takes faith to connect who you are to what you're supposed to receive. Without faith, it is impossible to please God. So when you walk around, you're worrying and you're confused and you don't know how it's going to happen and you're not sure and the neighbor this and this happened and you not walking in faith. God didn't even say I can't even hear you yet because you have to at least come with a currency. Just come with faith and then I can talk to you because without faith is impossible. You're coming and I'm not pleased. You can't ask me anything cuz I'm not pleased. But when you come and say Lord, you are the God that heals, seal, deliver. Then God can say yes now what you want. What whatever you need, I am what you need. I am that I am. It's your approach that makes the difference. You may be seated. I don't even know if I'm preaching anymore. I'm just talking to you this morning. The disciples had to pay their taxes. Jesus said, "Go and catch a fish." Hallelujah. But I tell you, I need to pay taxes. Why? I have to go and fish. I just need a check. Cash, credit card, anything. They go and get the fish. It's a cotty fish, fry fish one side, baked fish next side, stew fish next side, and inside is a coin. He say pay that tax. And you worried about where your next David said, I was young. I'm now old. I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed beg bread. Are you a seed, a child of the king? You may be seated. Why? Why would you compare your life to somebody else on planet Earth? Amen. With your name on it. Your name on the mailbox. Built. You don't even have to build it. Built for you. Hallelujah. All you need is the keys. And you will compare your life to flesh and blood when you are not even just flesh and blood. But you come from God and you are going back to God. What are you doing this morning, brother Isaac? I'm just reminding you that you are an overcomer. So shake yourselves this morning. Encourage yourself in the Lord as David did. Amen. Yes, I could overcome. Yes, I could stand. Yes, I could have a testimony. Yes, God will provide. Yes, God can keep me. And you do not have to compromise with the world. You may be seen. I want to challenge you. Mother, father, child, deacon, elder, I don't care. Yesterday is gone. It's impossible to go back in time and deal with yesterday. But you have a choice from today. Amen. Brother Olu preached it so beautifully in ivory because he said that's what Easter is. It's it's a rebirth. It's resurrection. It's a new day. It's a new chance. It's a new opportunity. Lord, if you just give me the grace to try one more time. Is there anybody wants to try one more time? One more chance, Lord. If it if you would just give me one more chance to pick up the pieces and serve you with everything. There's nothing you could do about yesterday, but from today, you could speak like Joshua. As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord. [Applause] Yesterday is gone. But right now, you have a choice to worship. You have a choice for whatever plans you had after this service to change it to put the right kind of plans after this service. Because if God is not in the plan, you're not you're wasting time planning. Make sure and keep Jesus in the plan. Make sure and keep him in the boat. Make sure you how could you in this day leave your house in the morning without praying? Who do you think you are? Amen. Are you crazy to leave your house on a morning without praying because you want to please a boss who God allowed to be there because he even there by his own choosing? Jesus took Herod and fellas listen is my father run this thing. Herod playing his boss and pilot playing his boss and how dare you leave your house in the morning without praying. There are certain basic requirements for a Christian. Read your Bible and pray every day. There are no exceptions. There are no day offs. There are people in here trembling because they're afraid to ask the boss for a day off and only taking day off from God business every day. Because I can guarantee you this. If you read your Bible and pray and read a spoken word book or part thereof every day, half the problems you end up in, it's impossible to end up in. [Applause] There are two kinds of trials. There are two kinds of problems. And 95 to 98% of what we deal with is our own choosing. But it says out and we are still to be led by the spirit into the wilderness. All the wilderness we in is our choices have resulted in us being in a wilderness, not even deep wilderness. Amen. Amen. Had Jesus been in your decisions, you would not have been in a wilderness. You win and you'd be waiting for the spirit to lead you into the wilderness so you could be tested and tried and proven as a son to be adopted. So, we are back to basics. Last time as as I was meditating on this message, you almost got a title of back to basics, but I said that'll just be too radical. Back to basics ABC always believe Christ because many times people reach to form five youth university and they forget the basics in they forget the reason they even in church there like families who feuding they feuding for so long the child asks the grandmother why we fighting again you say it's so long I remember why we fighting but keep fighting we we have a family feud what started it there was 68 years ago I can't remember it was your husband with a But the fight is still on. But Abraham said, "If you lost Jesus along the way, you have to go back and find him where you left him because he never walks away from you. We are the ones who walk away from him. Hallelujah. So if there's stuff in your life going upside down, topsyturvy, inside out, it's not Jesus left you, track back uh your steps. I don't think that's proper English. Backtrack, walk back, retrace your steps, and find Jesus. You know what I love about Jesus? He's a God of second chances. Amen. Because if he was not a God of second chances, we would have no Peter. We would have no Moses. We would have no David. We'd have no Isaac. We'd have no Abraham. And you wouldn't even be here because you know your history better than me. But he's a God of second chances. And his blood now makes a way and speaks better things for us. So we have no reason to be sad, no reason to be depressed, no reason to be upset. And we should have such a zeal and enthusiasm to be like Jesus. You may be seated. I'm just sharing from my heart this morning. Sometimes you just have to share from your heart. Amen. Hallelujah. The first time I testified in church was 19 93 I believe 93 after Lake Champion 93. And I had an experience with the Holy Ghost. I'll never forget. But with that experience in the spiritual, I had no experience in the natural. Really, how many trials could somebody have at age 12? How much testing could you have when you now become a Christian? And the Lord blessed me to be able to testify and share. By age 16, I was preaching, but no trials, no test, no situation. It's easy to say, "Love God and stand strong and overcome when you never had a test. You'd have plenty military generals in history say attack, attack and they stay in the back. Attack, attack, kill them, kill them. They're afraid to go on the front line cuz they have no experience in the front line. Those generals who operate from the back are very different from the ones who lead the charge. Because the ones who lead the charge, the men behind them are very different because they recognize if there's a leader, I can't even be behind him cuz that man just it's a difference. That's right. And God takes us through different experiences that at the end of the day, it cannot be us. And it's just him. [Applause] Amen, brother. And recently, just a week ago, last week, I was in service and when I left church, well, my wife was sick over the day before and I left and I left her one way and I went home and met her another way. And it's one thing to hear about sickness or condition and you pray for different condition and see but it's a different thing when you have to live with it what it does to you emotionally mentally the strain and I can now understand when brother Brandham was going through a situation with his daughter and going through and and what you would go through I barely was able to come to preach today because of what I consider the emotional toll and it's difficult for you to understand I understand because you didn't go through what I went And many time you meet people and you talk with them and how is it going brother? How is it going sister? And it's really difficult because we all have different trials. We all have different situations. Hallelujah. But through it all, what keeps you is the word. Because when the word says God could never give you more than you can bear. Hallelujah. And then you begin to change how you pray and say, "Lord, show me through this experience what you want me to see." It's a whole different thing. So I want to challenge and encourage every one of you. Whatever it is you are facing, you have what it takes to overcome. [Applause] And it's not you trying to prove a point, but it's God trying to prove a point. Let me say that again. It's not you trying to prove a point, but it's God has a point to prove because that's what Job's situation was. Job wasn't looking for trouble. It's God who start the whole thing. He say Satan, where you at? He say walking around causing confusion back and I went to this house. I went to that house. I went to that house. All over to and fro. He say back and forth just causing mayhem, confusion. He say, "Have you considered my servant Job? Have you considered my servant George Kangali? Have you considered my terance over? Have you considered brother Shane? Have you considered my mic? Have you considered these men? He say but I touch them fellas yet know have a hedge around them fellas protected. God say all right try your best shot. Amen. But don't touch his life. Hallelujah. Because God knew what was in Job. And God knows what's in you because no trial could come your way that God does not allow. Amen. [Applause] And when you have that approach to your Christian walk, your walk becomes different. Then you could praise God in your trial. Praise God in your situation. Though he slain me, yet still I trust him. The Lord give the Lord take away whatever your will is. Not my will but thine be done. That's a different thing all together. Amen. Amen. [Music] And then you understand what it means to wait on God and to tar. Amen. Because I asked myself the question and I'm seeing so many parallels now in the natural and the spiritual. Sometime I want to speak on the connection between the natural and the spiritual. But I was sharing with a couple people recently the business world is saying now that for successful people one of the most important attributes they must have is humility. And I said but what did brother Brandham say? He said God looking for somebody the more he blesses the more humble they become. I said look how the natural now catching up to the spiritual. Amen. They said in another article two weeks ago, successful people have this belief that they could figure it out. Whatever it is, they can figure it out. The Bible says, "Work out your salvation." In other words, it's not on God to figure it out. You work it out. You work out your salvation with fear. And so, you figure it out. You figure out how long you must pray, how much books you must read, what you must give up. It's not my job to figure out your salvation. That's your job. So just as a businessman has to believe he could figure it out, you have to believe that you could work out your salvation. Know who you have to separate from, who you have to speak to. No wonder. But Abraham said, "You want the Holy Ghost? Hang around people who have the Holy Ghost. Figure it out. [Applause] Some of us, we just want it too easy. Just too easy. And nothing in this world or the world to come that's worth having comes easy. Everything comes with a price. Everything has a Jordan to go through to get something on the other side. Hallelujah. What are you willing to sacrifice to get a degree? You have to sacrifice to get a promotion. You have to sacrifice something. It could be time. It could be family time. It could be hours going to university, night going to school, Saturdays going to class. To get a house, you have to save. To save it means you have to give up something. You buy lunch 5 days a week or you buy lunch 2 days a week and it makes you want to cook because you want to save to buy a house. It's sacrifice. Whatever it is in life, you want to lose weight, you have to exercise, sacrifice, you have to do something to get results. What is your sacrifice in the spiritual realm to get results? Albert Einstein revered and respected as one of the most intelligent men on this planet. But Brandham spoke about him. So for those in the message who want to know where this is going I think about 16 times in the message he referred to Albert Einstein. He defined insanity as doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result. Amen. So if it is in your Christian walk you have been getting the same result and when you look at it you've been doing the same thing then by what is called deductive reasoning this is purely intellect. You can realize by doing something different you will have a different outcome. So if you normally pray for 2 minutes, just a one minute increase already increases the odds of a difference in your life. Praying for 2 minutes more because listen, you see when a plane is flying one half degree off over time could take you from here to over here. It doesn't happen at once. But because time takes its effect on distance, the net result is over time you just drift. You just drift. So what may seem an impossible task, it's not no rocket science. You cannot eat an elephant in a day. So that's why God said here's what meditate on the word day and night. Every day. Every day. Do something every day. And when you start do more and do more and do more until after a while it's going to become so natural to you that when you wake up in the morning the first words out your mouth is thank you Jesus. It's another day. You didn't have to wake me up but thank you back to basics. You may be seated. I saw a poster sometime recently people say how if I ask you how you wake up this morning you say my alarm wake up they say take your alarm clock and put it in the morg and see how much people will wake up and alarm clock has never woken anybody up yet it's only God could wake you up and if God woke you up this morning you have a reason to give God a shout of praise You may be seated. That's why the devil will have a problem with you, you know, and have a problem with me, you know, because Peter and those guys, they were not educated learned men, but they brought God to a reality to the people that people could understand these men, they are not theologians. And and that's that's what I love about God. He is so sovereign. He could choose whoever he wants from whatever background he wants to get his purpose accomplished. Can the church say amen? Hallelujah. I didn't even realize time. Time just moving. Just encouraging the people. Hallelujah. Young people. Can the young people say amen? That's only 10%. Can the young people say amen? That's a little better. Can the young people say amen? Amen. I hope the young people of this church understand that you have to take up the charge for the revival. Amen. Hallelujah. You have to take up the responsibility. All of the technology, all of what's happening in this world is now being driven by young people. 16, 17, 20, 25, 30 years old. That's the age group of the what they call the disruptors in the world today. And God is looking for some spiritual disruptors. Right now in New York, there's a 16-year-old who left school because he developed a mobile app. What age he started at? Maybe 12 or something or some young age started that. But he now has such a successful app that he didn't make sense even go through education. He's now a multi-millionaire. And his mother is talking about the challenges of having to raise a multi-millionaire who became self-made. He didn't grow up with money. But now all of a sudden Google talking to him, Facebook talking to him, but he's young and he's a disruptor. He say, "I want an apartment like this 5,000 US a month for this and doing the he's a disruptor. 16 years old." Where these spiritual disruptors who wake up in the morning and pray till heaven respond. When you walk into a classroom, people recognize there's something different about you. You have to dress like them, talk like them, act like them, live like them. Why are you an overcomer? You are a disruptor. When the devil sees you, he say, "Nah, not that one. Find the next one. That one is too hot to handle. 16, 14, 20, it doesn't matter. You are just different." Why? You have a revelation that you are an overcomer. You may be seated. Hallelujah. The musicians will get ready. Not quite sure how we're going to close this one out yet, but the musician can get ready. Friends, the Bible says, "Seek ye first the kingdom of God." Amen. His righteousness, and everything else will be added. Amen. That's what many of us miss. Amen. Because we have stuff in our hearts. Everybody has good desires, good ideas. I sit to young people sometime, I go, I have good ideas, real good ideas. But what is God ideas is a different story. We all have good ideas, good plans. But if we seek the kingdom that's right of God first and put his business first, then God is obligated to take care of the rest. You because listen, brother Brandon says God wants you to be happy. You know, God wants you to be smiling. God wants you to be always happy and smiling. That's what he wants for you. That's his plans. In Jeremiah say, I have good plans for you, plans for you to prosper. That's that that's that's the Bible. But most of us, we're not putting God first. It's a last resort situation. When things really bad, then we go into hyperdrive. I asked somebody yesterday, you you're you're taking your vitamins, you say you're supposed to only take vitamins when you're sick. I say, really? You see, that's the problem right there. It's only when the situation bad, you want to now take you want to overdose real C. They say if you take you could take up to 20 milligrams of C and and they have all the explanation. and you just take 20 tablets. But if you was living your life a certain way all the time, you wouldn't even end up with your immunity down. That's right. So if God is in your life every day, you have a situation where it's a relationship. When you're talking to him in the morning, the evening is not like who who phone number is this? This is what God is saying about something call ID cuz he has call ID. Who's check this check the file? Last call was, you know, phone say last call was 22 months ago when he had a flat tire. He ball. Oh god. [Applause] But when you have a relationship with God, the moment you see them, say, "Hey, that's George. What do you need? I got you. relationship. You may be seated. You see, many of us don't realize that God has a personality. You know, he gets angry, he gets upset, he gets jealous, he has emotions. Some of us has talk about some of our family and friends and say, you know what, that man has only call me when he wants something. What do you think God saying about you when every time you call him is, "Lord, I want a raise. I want this." and you never call him to say hi, how you going? There are people I know naturally I say when the numbers what do you want boy? How you think God feels when he wants a relationship and personal relationship with you? Not your son, your daughter, your mother, your wife, your neighbor, but you. He wants a personal relationship with you. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Before you use your natural cell phone, call him first. We call in the doctor first. We call in the friend first and hear him tell God your problem. And he wants to hear your problem first. He's supposed to be the first one to hear the problem and the results. Lord already healed. Hey, results negative or no? He's supposed to hear it first because it's a relationship with God. Everybody feeling fine? Are you happy to be a Christian? many times. But the Brandham said, "I am so happy to be a Christian." Is there anybody just happy to be a Christian? You may be seated. It wasn't something tied to the natural because we all the Listen, let me give you the great part of this whole service. Hallelujah. The trials not going to ease up. All right. That is the best part of this whole thing. The trial is not going to ease up. It's going to get a lot hotter. It's going to get a lot hotter. But that's why brother Brandham said when the press comes, when the pressure comes, watch the third pull. Then watch the because I told somebody recently, you can't take a hammer to kill a fly. You go break the table. people recently in London a couple months ago, somebody called the police because they heard a whole ruction in a house and they heard somebody shouting and they said they heard a woman's voice screaming and things were being broken and police responded and when they came and knocked on the man's door, they say we're looking for the victim of whatever took place. They search the premises. They say, "What happened?" He said, "Well, here's what happened. A spider came into the house. and I shouted, "I'm going to kill you." But then he jumped and I screamed. So that was the two voices. It was him threatening and responding. The table got broken. The vase got broken. The point I want to make is this. God isn't going to give you a hammer to kill a fly. But when you need power, that's when the power is going to come. Spider is not a trial. Locust and that is not a trial. But when the trials come, you say when the press come, then watch the third pull. Then watch the power of God come then. When you need to speak, you're going to have spoken word. You need bread, speak for bread. You need healing, speak for healing. You need deliverance, speak for deliverance because you are son and daughter of God. And spoken word is part of your inheritance. Somebody say amen. So, as I close it, let me ask it one more time and if you say with a shout this morning, is there anybody that's happy to be a Christian? May the Lord richly bless you [Applause] musicians. Oh, hallelujah. Give the Lord a hand of praise this this morning. Oh, blessed to be a wonderful name. Y'all preach about Isaac. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. To him that overcometh, you overcome us this morning. You are more than conquerors this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be a wonderful name. Let's sing that song. I need you now. I need you now. Right now. I need you, Lord, right now. Blessed be a wonderful name. Just lift your hands and worship him. How many need Lord right now? Lord, I need you, Lord. Every day, every second, every minute, every hour. Lord, I need you. I can't go another day without you, Lord. Father. Oh, hallelujah. Just lift your hands and worship him. Forget about yourself. Forget about your trials. You have already overcome. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right [Music] now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I lift my hands. I lift my hands and bow my knees to worship at your throne. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Let's take it [Music] up. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I lift my hands. I bow my knees to worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Right now, lift your hands and worship him. Oh Lord, I need you. I need you, Lord. Oh, I need you, Lord. Father, oh only you alone can overcome. Lord Father, only your power Lord. Only your strength, only your love, Lord Father. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, I lift my hands. I lift my hands. I bow my knees to worship at your throne. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you Lord right now. Just worship him. Talk to him in your right now. Oh hallelujah. Yes Lord Father. Oh if a time I needed you Lord. It's right now Lord. If ever a time Lord I need to speak to you Lord Father. It's right now Lord Father. Oh yes Lord. I need you Lord Father. Oh, in my walk, in my talk, Lord, Father, the way I live, the way I speak, Lord, Father. Oh, Lord, so many things I've done wrong, Lord. Oh, without you, Lord, Father. Oh, Lord. But with you, Lord, everything can be corrected, Lord, Father. Oh, the wrongs can be made right, Lord Father. With you, Lord, Father. Oh, a personal relationship with you, Lord. Oh, I need you, Lord, Father. all my job in the schools with my friends with my family. Lord, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Yeah, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory be to your name, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Sing it one more time. I need you, Lord. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I lift my hands. I bow my knees to worship at your throne. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, do you need him this morning? Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for your love. Thank you for your presence. Thank you for your strength. Lord, father, why don't you greet your brother? Greet your sister and say you're overcomer this morning. You are strong this morning. The Lord is on your side. Blessed be brothers. Come forward. Blessed be a wonderful name. [Music] Blessed be a wonderful name. You are overcomers this morning. You can fight your [Music] battles. Gracious heavenly father. Lord, as we about to pick up your ties and offering Lord Father, Lord, I pray you bless the hands that have to give, Lord. And the hands that have to give, may you provide for them, Lord. In Jesus name I pray and ask it. Amen and amen. Oh God can do anything, anything. Anything. Oh, God can do anything for you. God can do God can do anything. Anything for God can do anything for you. God can do God can do anything. Anything. Oh, God can do anything for you. He's the alpha. He's the alpha, the omega. In the beginning, and the end. Oh, God can do anything for you. God can do Oh, God can do anything. Anything. Anything. Oh, God can do anything for you. He's the alpha. He's the alpha, the omega, the beginning and the end. Oh, God can do anything for you. Oh, one more time. Oh, God can do anything. Anything. Anything. Oh, God can do anything for you. He's the alpha. He's the alpha, the omega, the beginning, and the end. Oh, God can do anything for all the music. Oh, God can do anything. Anything. Anything. God can do anything for you. He's the alpha. He's the alpha, the omega. The beginning and the end. Oh, God can do anything for you. Oh, God can do Oh, God can do anything. Oh, anything. Yes. Anything. God can do anything for you. Oh, singing. Somebody's crying. Lord, come by. Yeah. Oh, somebody's crying. Lord, come by. Yeah. Oh, somebody's crying, Lord. And come by. Yeah. Oh, Lord. Oh Lord, and come by. Oh, singing. Somebody's crying, Lord. And come by, come by, Lord. Oh, somebody's crying, Lord. And come by. Oh, somebody's crying, Lord. Oh, come by. Oh. Oh Lord, come by. Somebody need a healing. Oh, somebody needs a healing. Lord, come by. Somebody needs a healing, Lord. Oh, come by right now, Jesus. Oh, somebody. Oh, come by here. Oh Lord and come by. Sing it one more time. Somebody is crying, crying and come by. Oh, somebody is crying Lord and come by. Oh, somebody. Oh, come by. Yeah. Oh Lord, come by one more time now. Somebody's crying. Oh, for a filling, Lord Father. Oh, for touch, Lord Jesus. Oh, come by for deliverance, Lord, Father. Oh, somebody's crying. Oh, for a loved one. Oh, come by here, Lord Jesus. Oh Lord, and come by. Oh, somebody's crying, crying, and come by. Oh, do you need him this morning? Somebody's crying. Whatever you need, you just ask him right now. Oh, somebody's quiet, Lord. Come by here. Oh Lord, come by again. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be a wonderful name. How many love the Lord this morning? Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, blessed be a wonderful name. Oh, blessed be a wonderful name. Oh, hallelujah. As we close off the service, every eye closed. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, we thank you this morning, Lord, for your presence, for your love, for your peace, for your joy, Lord Father, for your word, for your servant, Lord. Oh, truly it has been a blessing to be here this morning, Lord. Without you, Lord, we can't do nothing, Lord. Oh, without you, Lord, we can't do nothing, Lord. Father, without you, we're going to fail, Lord. With your presence, Lord, on our side, Lord, we can do everything, Lord. So father as we leave this space but not from your presence Lord I pray your holy spirit would go before us lord and bring us back at the appointed time bless the servant lord bless brother over blessed brother Isaac Lord even but I Anthony Lord father in a special way we ask it in Jesus name I pray and ask it amen and amen let's sing that song again I need the Lord I need you Lord right now I need you Lord
