################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2017-02-12 - Complete Redemption For The Bride of Jesus Christ - Bro. Stephen Olliviere - Stephen Olliviere.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2017-02-12
Title:    Complete Redemption For The Bride of Jesus Christ - Bro. Stephen Olliviere
Speaker:  Stephen Olliviere
Church:   Headstone Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 19m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUsrR0mUORI
========================================

Description:
This message was preached on Sunday February 12, 2017 AM at Headstone Tabernacle.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Oh no. Oh it is the sweetest. I know how I know. Oh how I love Oh how I love the name. Lift your hands and say oh how I love the name Jes. It is the sweetest name. Well, I know. Oh, something about the name. Oh, there's something about Oh, sing back to me. It is the sweet. Oh, I can't hear you. Sing back to me. Something about Well, something about something about the name. Yeah, it is the sweetest name. Oh, I know. Oh, see it. It is the sweetest name I know. Oh, oh, singing. It is the sweetest name. I know. I know. One more time. Something. Well, there's something about the name Jesus. I know. There's something about the name Jesus. Oh, and it is the Jesus name. Well, oh, how I love the name. Oh, how I love the name, Jesus. Oh, how I love the name. It is. It is the sweetest name. Oh, give him praise this morning right now. Hallelujah. Hey, Jesus. Oh, something about Jesus. Well, now he is the Jesus name. Oh Lord, I know. One more time. Something about the name Jesus. Oh, something about [Music] it is the Jesus name. I know. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. [Applause] Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Praise God. Just want to have a little special this morning and Amen. So we pray it be a blessing to you. You just enter into worship as we sing Amazing Grace, my chains are gone. Amen. So may the Lord bless you this morning. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amazing grace. How sweet the sound that save a wrench like me. I once was lost but now I'm fine. Was blind but now I see. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing [Music] grace. It was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears really. [Music] How precious did that grace appear. The hour I first believe. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns, unending love. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. The earth shall soon dissolve like snow. The sun forbear to shine. [Applause] But God who called me here below will be forever mine. Who will be forever mine. Oh, you are forever mine. Well, my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing. Oh, one more time. My chains are gone. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior, my God, my Savior. You'll ransom me. You ransom me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing grace. Unending love. Unending love. Amazing grace. Unending love, amazing grace. Many many men. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Feel good this morning. Amen. You feel blessed this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. It's good. Turn on. Greet your brother. Greet your sister. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Give me a key for we shall see the king. when he comes. Amen. Yeah. Oh, we shall see the king. Oh, and we shall see the king. Oh, and we shall see the king when he come. Oh, he's coming. Oh, this is a shouting song. Oh, so here the bless. So feel free to shout. Oh well we shall see the king. Oh hallelujah. Well now we shall we sh. Oh hallelujah. We shall. Oh sing. We shall see the king. Oh he come. Oh I know he's coming in power. Oh, now we'll have a blessed hour. Well, now we shall see the king. Well, ready. Oh, somebody testify this morning. Oh, well, we shall hallelujah. We glory, glory, we shall sing. Well, God, I know he's coming. his power. Oh, he the blessed hour. Oh, now we shall see the king. Well, we we shall see the king this morning. We Oh, do you want to see him this morning? Well, we Oh, we shall see. We shall see the king. when he come I know he's coming and oh [Music] now we shall see the king oh one more time well we shall see where we shall see oh hallelujah we shall sing oh glory glory We shall see the king when he come. Oh, hallelujah. Get ready to shout. Oh, he's coming. Oh, in power. Oh, so hell blessed. Well, now we shall see the king. Oh, and he Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, the king is coming this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, can you see him? He's coming down the road. He's coming with your Holy Ghost. He's coming with your breakthrough. He's coming with your deliverance. He's coming with your family. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. We shall see the King. We shall see the king. I know that we [Music] preach back to me somebody. We shall. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, now we shall see. Oh. Oh, I know he's coming. Well, he's coming. Oh, lift up your hands. Oh, hallelujah. We shall see all the well one more time where we shall see. We shall glory glory we shall. Oh, everywhere. Now we shall see. [Music] [Music] One more time. We shall see the king. We shall see the king. Heat [Music] up [Music] here. [Music] Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Let us bow heads with a prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you for the love that we feel and for your presence this morning. And we invite you to have the preeminences. We surrender our hearts, our minds, our spirits, our souls, our body to you for your glory. Father, Father, may you place upon us your motive, your objective, your desires that we could fulfill your desire even as Jesus taught the disciples to pray. Lord, thy kingdom come, thy will be done. Father, may we have an interest in your will being done. May we walk in the path of righteousness and so fulfill righteousness. Even as the scripture says, it behooves us to fulfill all righteousness. You took our place, Lord. Help us this morning that we could take yours and walk on this highway of holiness, this highway to heaven, Father, where the redeemed going to be at. Lord, help us that by your word that we can realize that this earth is temporary. Our lives here is temporary and whatever we do for the kingdom of God, that is what counts. So Lord, as we gather together in this this precious time, Lord, may we truly wait on you and may you speak to our hearts. Just one word from you would make such a difference. We invite you to anoint every every part of this service Lord and the speaker that will come. May you so inspire him to speak spirit spoken words. We love you and we adore you and we appreciate you and we give you on the glory in Jesus name we ask it. Amen. You may be seated. Well, welcome to our Sunday morning service. Welcome to the presence of God. Amen. I truly believe that we're in God's presence and I believe anything can happen. Amen. I believe we're in a supernatural time and a supernatural season, you're going to see the mighty hand of God move in a mighty, mighty, mighty way. Are you on expectation for that? Praise the name of the Lord. We want to welcome uh Steven Thompson, could you stand? He asked to make his home church. God bless you. Welcome. God bless you. He's his wife here, his family going to be fellowship with us. God bless you and welcome. So, brother Steven Oliver going to bless us this morning and share the word with us this morning. We happy to have him and he's special. But I like it before he comes one of our scripture like you to stand and read for us this morning. Isaiah chapter 43. I want to read from verse one and we're going to read 1 to8. Strange. I stumbled into the scripture this morning. this grateful to God. Isaiah 43. See, but now thus sayeth the Lord that created thee, oh Jacob, and he that formed thee, O Israel, fear not, for I have redeemed thee. I have called thee by thy name, thou art mine. When thou passest through the waters, I be with thee. And through the rivers, they shall not overflow thee. When thou walst through the fire, thou shalt not be burned, neither shall the flame kindle upon thee. For I am the Lord thy God, the holy one of Israel, thy savior. I give Egypt for thy ransom, Ethiopian sa for thee. Since thou was precious in my sight, thou has been honorable, and I have loved thee. Therefore will I give men for thee, and people for thy life. Fear not, for I am with thee. I will bring thy seed from the east and gather thee from the west. I will say to the north, give up. And to the south, keep not back. Bring my sons from far and my daughters from the ends of the earth. Even everyone that is called by my name, for I have created him for my glory. I have formed him. Yay, I have made him. Bring forth the blind people that have eyes and the deaf that have ears. May God bless his word. Give the Lord some praises. That scripture is so anointed. You may be seated. Praise God. Hallelujah. Man, I feel like saying hallelujah. Bring forth my sons and daughters from the east, from the west, from the north, from the south. Bring them out. They have to come out. Hallelujah. They have to give them up. Satan can't hold you back any longer. You have to give up. Bring out my sons. Bring on my daughters. I have redeemed thee. Oh, hallelujah. The redeemer is here. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, glory. And something was burning upon me this morning about the glory of God. And listen to what God said here in verse 7. even everyone that is called by my name, for I have created him for my glory. God is not here to give you things. He's not a tool to be used. There's not a motive of objective for your life. You're not here to come and use God. Oh, they come here to understand his purpose. That you were created for his glory. Not you for his pledge, you for his glory. So whatever with glory to his name, that is what you are there for. You want to surrender to God. God is not Santa Claus. He's not coming with a big bag of toys, some through the waters, some through the flood, some through great trials, but all for his glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And if this morning you catch that revelation, your whole purpose of life will change. God's purpose to give you a new dress, a new car, a new house, a husband, a a child. Go after the God purpose. Child or no child, husband or no husband, car or no car, whether I maintain my family or not, let me maintain Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God is not obligated to give you no natural thing. He is obligated to bring you forth for his honor, for his glory. He brought Noah in his season. An ordinary man. But Noah was there for the glory of God. And Noah was God's witness on the earth. So was Daniel. So was Jeffi. So was Samson. So was David. Who are you living for? What are you living for? Are you living for yourself? Are you living for God's honor and God's glory? I challenge you this morning. [Applause] I'm almost done. Hallelujah. [Applause] So what you do, how you talk, how you walk, how you act, question does it bring glory to God or honor to God or you are just honoring your own stinking rotten selfish self. Everybody lives going to be changed if they take this to heart. I serve him because I love him. When he send me to hell, I still love him. I'm not trying to escape hell. Though he slay me, that's a son talking. Can I trust him? That's a son talking. The Lord gave. That's a son talking. The Lord give it away. That's another son. That's a son talking. Blessed be the name of the Lord. [Applause] I got to make it. Got to make it. When I have to go up the down the valley or down the valley, up the mountain, I just got to make it. Whether the trials go hot, I got to make it. I have got to go over there. I've got to get there somehow. I got to get there. If I have to keep my hair bone dry, I got to get there. You have to burn me knees. I got to get there. If God destroyed me completely, I've got to get there. I'm not hearing you this morning. We are in church. We are in church. Whether you lose your house and it burned down, I've got to get there. [Applause] Glory. No excuses. It's sickening when you hear people blame this one. Blame that one. and always blaming somebody for your rotten attitude and condition and behavior. Stop it. Cut it out. Die for your husband. Die for your wife. Die for your children. Die for your family. You die. You grown. Don't care what they do. Cry out for them because you can't help them. You can't change a heart. You can't drink some kind of cereal and that go change the heart. Go and put cereal to change heart and drink some coke and you drink change the heart. And give somebody some some some chocolate and it change the heart. Some Valentine thing change your heart. If the hearts are good, the heart are good. If the spirit are good, the spirit of God that's why man said appeal somebody right in their spirit and wrong in their doctrine than somebody right in their doctrine and wrong in their spirit. Because a right spirit, you could correct the doctrine. But a wrong spirit, heaven help them. And a right spirit could take correction, instruction, rebuke, respect. That's a right spirit. [Applause] A religious spirit is judgmental. This one wrong, that one, wrong, that fault, that fault. All seem fault because they're right. That's a religious spirit. You have to repent of a religious spirit. Get off for you. A religious spirit, a person will fight the husband because they they feel they're right. A person will fight their wife because they feel they're right. They will destroy the family because they serve God cuz you feel right. You call that selfrighteous. You're righteous in your own eyes. But in the eyes of God, you're filthy and wretched. And you know what part? Don't even know it. Amen. Amen. But Brandham said the individual Christian hear this bum represent the kingdom of God. That's how you supposed to be. That's how we supposed to live as represent representative of the kingdom. Amen. So if you are a representative of the kingdom, what kind of life you living? Somebody who want to come to your kingdom. That's why we supposed to be so salty. Yes, sir. We supposed to be salty that it makes the world thirsty. We have one life to live. Press away. [Applause] This is such a beautiful scripture and I just got it. That's what was amazing to me. I just got this scripture. Everybody, Stephen, I just get this thing. All I wanted to get something about the glory of God. I've created him for my glory. Because too many people feel God is like a a talisman, a kind of a good luck charm. So you you get God or you get a piece of God that like to keep put in your pocket to give you good luck. You say a prayer for good luck. You wear a chain with a pendant, a special pendant for good luck. So God come like a good luck charm. You put him in when you want him. When you want to use him, you stick him in. But he's not there for that. If you get a conversation with him, he tell you I am not there for that. You are for my glory. That's why the two boys could go in the fiery furnace. That's why Joseph could be sold into Egypt and God horrors with that. That's why God could wait on Moses for 40 years in the wilderness and still send him an old man back there. That's why Joshua could survive 40 years of unbelief, dead men dropping down and Joshua could make it the way he made it. So I want to encourage you this morning. I want you to see your life a little different. That your life is to live for God's honor and God's glory. God put in a job for his honor and his glory. God move your neighbor for his honor and his glory. He slammed the door open that you could be blessed. But usually when people get blessed, they give up on God. They walk away because they feel self-sufficient. They feel so empowered. They no longer need him. But David, boy, David has blew me out. David said, "My God has the heart pan after the water brook." This is King David. This is a man with money. This is a man with wealth. This is a man with all kind of things. And David still hungering and thirsting for God. God grant the day that that is not taken out of your heart. Praise God. So we want a song a trumpet. We want to blow a trumpet in Zion. We want to song a lamb in his holy mountain. We want to call a day on prayer and fasting on Wednesday. Praise God. I challenge you to take Wednesday off. Praise God. not off your job, but to turn on the pot and make a sacrifice and call upon the name of the Lord this coming Wednesday to seek the Lord and say, "God, while you're on your job or not, you're talking to the God and you're asking for extra mercy, extra grace." Listen, we have to turn up the heat under the devil and you have to turn on the heat under your life. You You are too comfortable. You understand? You're fighting a loud Easter spirit. You're fighting a lethargic spirit. You're fighting a lazy spirit. You have to You almost had to push people. But but but but but John said the word said amen say h the kingdom of God is preached and every man pressed away. I'm sorry. I can't help you. You have to press your way. Not some men. Every man. So So help me push this morning. Just just turn to somebody next to you and say press your way. Just just tell somebody press your way. You got to press. Nobody pushing from behind. You got to press. Press for your children. The devil is after them. Press for your wife. The devil is after her. Press for your husband. The devil is after him. Press for your family. The devil is after them. Press for your own soul. Okay. So, we see we're going to come on now. Just two more minutes. I want to bring your attention to something here in this very scripture. God said, "But now thus say the Lord that created thee, oh Jacob, and he that formed thee, oh Israel, fear not, for I have redeemed thee." He said, "Finish already." Devil is a liar. Finish already. Whatever you're going to go through, he has already redeemed. Finish work. Finish. Finish. Finish. I have redeemed thee. May the Lord bless you. As brother Anthony going to come and introduce the sing with a song. Amen. Amen. Are you ready for the word this morning? We appreciate the pastor this morning. Bless you for what a scripture. What an anointing. Oh, hallelujah. All things are ready. Father, let the fire fall. Turn around. Greet your brother. Greet your sister. Amen. Father, raise the key a bit if you want. Amen. Father, let the fire fall. Oh, Father, let the fire fall. Oh, let the fire fall. Let the fire fall. Let the Pentecost fire. Oh, sing it. Father, let the fire fall. Oh, father, let the fire fall. Oh, let the fire fall. Let the fire fall. Let the Pentecost fire. Oh, I see fire, fire. Oh, fire fall on me. Oh, fire, fire, fire, fire fall on me. Who else has inity of God? Oh, fire fall on me. Who else has fire? Oh, and I think I [Music] follow me as in the day of Pentecost. Fire follow me. Oh, as in the day of Pentecost, fire fall on me. Give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. How many you want the fire this morning? Praise God. Praise God. Amen. You may be seated. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. I just want to greet each and every one of you this morning in this precious and wonderful name of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Welcome to the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. And want to pay my respects. I want to honor my pastor and his wife sister. Praise God. Amen. The associate pastor, brother Isaac, and his wife, Sister Karenov. Praise God. Brother Anthony and his wife, Sister Kosha O'Brien. God richly bless you. Amen. All the elders, the deacons, the officers, all the helps and the governments. Amen. We salute you this morning in the name of Jesus. Praise God. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for all that you do for the church and more importantly for the kingdom of God. Amen. God will reward your labors of love this morning. Praise God. Amen. Amen. I also want to personally thank God for the last two messages. Amen. From the right kind of son. What a blessing. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. And for Isaac, travail in Zion. That's what a bride going to be doing. Amen. Travailing. What a word in due season. Oh, how excellent it is. Amen. Thank you, brothers. Amen. So, let's all stand as we go to our Bibles this morning. Thank you, musicians. Three portions of scripture. Romans chapter 8 verse 23. Ephesians chapter 1 and Ephesians chapter 4. Amen. Heavenly Father, we pray that you bless the word as we read it now and may it inspire our hearts as we feast upon it this time at this time in Jesus name. Amen. Romans chapter 8 23. And not only they but ourselves also which have the first fruits of the spirit. All right. Even we ourselves grow within ourselves waiting for the adoption to with the redemption of our body. Yes sir. In other words physical adoption is the redemption of our bodies. Amen. Ephesians chapter 1 verse 7. In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins according to the riches of his grace. In whom he also trusted. After that he heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation. In whom also after that you believed, you were sealed with that Holy Spirit of promise, which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession unto the praise of his glory. Amen. So he paid for you. You belong to him. You are his purchased possession this morning. Amen. Amen. Ephesians chapter 4 verse 30. Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God whereby you are sealed until the day of redemption. Amen. So there is a day of redemption. Full and complete redemption. Amen. Amen. Heavenly Father, bless the words of bread this evening this morning, Lord, and take me completely out of the way. And may you speak to your people in Jesus name we ask it. Amen and amen. You may be seated. Praise God. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise this morning. Praise God. So this morning, my title is complete redemption for the bride of Jesus Christ. And my inspiration this morning is Elohim wants fellowship. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. You believe you were created for his glory. Hallelujah. Amen. So for background saints, before the beginning there was Elohim. Amen. I want you to see Elohim, the great selfexistent one, the fountain of infinity, the eternal one, all powerful, ever knowing spirit, no one greater than he was, no one to compare with him. Omnipotent, omnipresent, omnisient. Amen. There was Elohim covering all space and times moving upon the face of the waters. Amen. The earth void and without form. Amen. Just darkness upon the face of the deep. There is Elohim selfexisting. Yes, sir. Maybe for millions and billions of years. All by himself. Just hear his thoughts alone. Amen. Amen. Always was no beginning, no ending. He was eternal. Can we say amen? Amen. Amen. There was no sin, no devil, nothing negative, just eternity and perfection and perfect love all locked up inside of Elohim. Amen. My amen. He was not even God. Because there was no one to worship him. For God is an object of worship. Amen. Amen. But after a while, Elohim became lonesome. All this love locked up in him and no one to express it to. You see, love is something that must be shared. You can't have love all by yourself. You have to express it. You have to share it to others or else you will explode. Because love is too powerful a force to keep inside. Can you say amen? Amen. Hallelujah. So Elohim with all this love, all this power, he want you to express it. Amen. He was tired of being all invisible and lonesome and mysterious. Amen. Glory to God. Can you say amen? Can you say amen? So Elohim existed alone. Just he had his thoughts. And these thoughts brought him great pleasure. Amen. These thoughts in Elohim's mind were eternal. I wonder what Elohim was thinking about. Amen. Let me say it this way. I wonder who Elohim was thinking about. Glory to God. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Whatever it was. Or whoever it was on Elohim's mind. Those were eternal thoughts because Elohim is the eternal one and all of his thoughts are eternal. Give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. But we find out in Romans 8 for whom he did forno, he also did predestinate. Can you say amen? Amen. That means that there are some people that Elohim knew before before the beginning. When all he had was his thoughts. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So these people in Elohim's mind, let's call them the predestinated ones. His mind was full of them. He wanted to express his love to them so bad. He wanted to fellowship with them so bad. All this mysteriousness that he began to unveil himself to unfold himself. Amen. Hallelujah. He spoke his thoughts and there was the logos. A word body that went out of Elohim. Say amen. Brother said the logos was the son of God that went out of God that brooded over the earth. Amen. So when he spoke the logos, his thoughts or his attributes became words. Yeah. So now the predestinated ones who are in his thoughts now become attributes sons of his spirit born by the spoken word of Elohim. Oh glory to God in the logos. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My So now Elohim can express his love and share his love to his sons. Now Elohim can fellowship with his sons. No longer just thoughts but now expressed in the logos yet to be manifested individually on the earth. Amen. Each son was to come forth on the earth. Amen. Hallelujah. So in the logos and all the names of these attribute sons of Elohim. Every single attribute son from Genesis to Revelation his name was in the logos. Hallelujah. And the logos was Christ. Amen. From a message curtain of time in the beginning. Out of God when the logos which was part of God, God saw what the end would be from the beginning. And the logos came to earth which was Christ the word spoken word of God part of God and was made flesh and dwelt among us. Amen. Later on he said there's the spirit coming out of God manifested as the logos come down and made flesh and dwelt among us. Say amen. Amen. So Elohim saw the end from the beginning. Amen. He saw you way back in his mind before the foundation of the world. He saw you in 2017 at the end of time being filled with the Holy Ghost. Amen. He saw you coming to perfection. He saw you overcoming every devil. Hallelujah. I know it's hard. You feel like giving up sometimes, but he saw you as an overcomer. Give him praise. Give him praise this morning. Do you believe that? Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. So now, who is your father? [Music] Who spoke you into being? Elohim. Amen. So we know who our father is this morning. We know who we are. Hallelujah. No wonder brother said we come from God and we are going right back to God. Satan get the hints. I know who I am. I'm a son of hell. Haha. Elohim. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. I am an eternal being. I came from eternity just trapped in a human body called time for a purpose. But one of these days, I'm going to bust out of this time atmosphere, this time zone concept, this human thing, and I'm going to go right back to eternity where I belong. Give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. How many feel that way this morning? Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Amen. Amen. Like I'm an eagle born in an old chicken banyard. Chip, chip, chip, scratch, scratch. Amen. Eating cockroaches and all stale food on the ground. I don't belong here. I feel stifled. What am I doing here? Get me out of here. Is there something higher? Is there something greater? Is there something better? Do I hear mama eagle say, "Son, just flap your wings and fly. Hallelujah. You belong to the heavenlies. Get out of that old bard this morning. Hallelujah. Goodbye world. I stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I have an eternal purpose in God. Hallelujah. Take your lust. Take your filth, your styles and fashion, your sex and money and politics and religion and go. Hallelujah. I don't want it. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Is that how you feel this morning? Hallelujah. Do I hear a shout in the house? Give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. You may be seated. Praise God. But my whole inspiration this morning, the thing that is pushing me and driving me and stirring me, Satan, the brother spoke about this morning is that all Elohim ever wanted was fellowship. It's the Saber saying, "You were created for the glory of God." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Elohim wants fellowship. Amen. Elohim wants to fellowship with his sons. Amen. But he must create a home. An environment where he could meet them. A place prepared for God to meet ma man. Amen. Hallelujah. To fellowship. Glory to God. So God begins to create a comfortable home for his sons. Amen. from a message. Show us the father. Braham says, I can see the log ghost over the earth and brood over it. Bring the earth back around the sun. And begin to break the ice around it. Great big icebergs began to come down. Then he made the dish ditches and the plains. Then it all got melted and made water. Wow. And in Genesis 1, the earth was without all form and void, and the spirit of God, the locust, moved upon the face of the waters. Is that right? Amen. He separated the water, the vegetation. He separated night from day. And when he was finished with his home, when he was finished preparing this home for his sons, he said it was good. Hallelujah. Amen. He had made a good home for his sons. Amen. Now that his home was prepared, the earth, the garden of Eden, and he was satisfied with it, he is ready now to make man. He is excited. He is happy. He can't wait to fellowship with his sons. Hallelujah. Let us make man in our image. Elohim, the father, the invisible one. Logos the son, the word expressed image of Elohim. See, so God created man in his own image and likeness. Adam, a perfect son, a word son. Listen. But why in his image and likeness? All right. Because Elohim wanted real intimate fellowship. Amen. Having God's image and likeness meant that man could understand God's nature and character. Amen. Man would love God and they could relate to him. Amen. They could serve him and worship him and appreciate him for who he is. Say amen this morning. Hallelujah. God was making sure as brother Oid says that he was man was the right kind of son. Amen. Hallelujah. Not by trials and overcoming like we do, but by a gift. Adam was given the character and nature of God to love God with all his heart and with all his soul. Say amen. Amen. Many times the prophet will dramatize how God would come down in the garden to fellowship with his family. Jehovah God coming down to fellowship with his family. How papa God would come down in the cool of the evening to have family worship with them. He would ask Adam about the garden and the names of the various animals and he would be so pleased to hear the report. He would talk to sister Eve about the flowers and what fruits he had picked for the family and how he loved them so much. Amen. Oh, what sweet fellowship they had. Hallelujah. It was the best time of the day. Oh, how papa God would broo over his children. How he admired his own attributes being demonstrated in his son Adam. Amen. Every day, day after day, sweet fellowship. That is what Elohim was longing for. Hallelujah. Now he is no longer lonely. He could express his love to his children. Say amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. From a message fellowship. Now in the beginning when God made man, he didn't make ma make him to be sick. He didn't make him to have cancer. He never made him to die. Amen. He made him for fellowship. Say amen this morning. How in the evening when it was all quiet, God came down and had fellowship with Adam and Eve. They loved God and God loved them. He didn't want them to be sick, get old, and die. He wanted them to be young and lovely forever. Say amen. So, you were made for an eternal purpose. Amen. Because you were in the manifestation of an attribute that wasn't God and God thought of you and expressed you. Amen. Can we say amen? Give him a hand of praise. Amen. Hallelujah. [Applause] Fellowship means worship and praise and adoration and thanking him and bowing your heart and soul to him and praying and fasting and spending time with him. He's always on your mind. You can't wait for the church door to open. You can't wait to read your Bible and tell some more about Jesus. Amen. He's the lover of your soul. Are you in love with Jesus this morning? Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. Are you in fellowship with him? Do you listen to those tapes? Do you read those books? Amen. Hallelujah. All Elohim ever wanted was to be in fellowship with you. That's all. Amen. One of the songwriters said, "I love him because he first loved me." You believe that this morning? Amen. and he made the earth. He made the heavens. But that's not what's on Elohim's mind so much. All he was thinking about was you and you and you point to the neighbor next to you and tell him you amen. Amen. He was thinking about you. Amen. You. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. If you could only see his love reaching out to you this morning. Hallelujah. Close your eyes and raise your hands and give him praise. Tell him how much you love him. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Praise the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. He wants your fellowship. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. And so going back to God the garden. Amen. That old sa serpent Satan, he watched that fellowship. He watched it for years. And he plotted and planned long and hard. How he could destroy this fellowship between God and man. Amen. He checked out Adam, but there's no way he could get to him. If he could break the fellowship, then he could get to God. Amen. Yeah. Is a war between God and Satan. He knows that God loves fellowship with his children. And that's all God really longs for. He knows that God delights in the praises of his people. And he shares his glory with no one. So if he could only stop that fellowship this morning, if he could only stop the worship, stop the praises, he could get the upper hand in the battle. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. My God. Why do you think he tries to make sure you are tired? You get so busy with natural cares of life that you can't pray. You can't come to the prayer meeting. Listen, Satan is only concerned about stopping the fellowship between God and man. My praise God. Amen. He strengthened his army. Satan loose 200,000,000 devils from the river Euphrates to stop you from receiving the Holy Ghost to stop the fellowship to cut you off from God. My Amen. He wants your connection broken so that there will be no more fellowship and no more worship. But today he's exposed. Hallelujah. We are going to pray. We are going to praise God and worship God. Hallelujah. Yes Lord. Send the fire upon your people today. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Oh, bring back the praying, Lord. Bring back the groaning and the calling upon God and the travail in Zion. Bring it back. Praise God. Bring back the fellowship by redemption. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are more than a conqueror. You are not You are an overcomer this morning. Jesus. Glory to God. Amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. So, Satan plotted until he found an opening that he could use. He deceived Sister Eve. Amen. And brother Brown said, "When sin was first introduced in the garden, man was in a perfect state until he fell. And this marred his perfection. It marred his inheritance with God. Man lost his fellowship with God and was cut away from God. Amen. My from a message fellowship by redemption. In the beginning, man had perfect fellowship with God. There was nothing wrong. God came down in the evening and talked to Adam and Eve. No harm could happen to them. No sickness, no hurt, nothing. His great voice whispered to them. They had fellowship. Man was conscious at all times that his presence was with them. And that's what we want everywhere we go this morning. His presence with us. Amen. Abraham said, "The greatest fellowship man could ever have is with Christ." Amen. Amen. Amen. At one time, man had perfect fellowship with God. And that was God's purpose for us. Amen. And so you stop the fellowship, you stop your eternal purpose. Amen. Amen. But again today, stay in his presence. Stay in the blessed presence of almighty God. Don't break the fellowship. Don't break it. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Give the Lord a hand of praise. [Applause] When man fell in the garden, the fellowship cord of communication was broken. Man was no longer an eternal being, he became fallen man. And death steps in. Not only does he lose his life, Amen. but his inheritance in life because he had he had complete supreme control of the earth. He was the god of the earth. He had dominion power over the earth. He lost his right to the tree of life and he forfeited it, every bit of it into the hands of Satan. Abraham said he passed it on from his hand to Satan. You mean Satan stole my rights? My godship rights, my sunship rights, my dominion rights. He stole my inheritance that my father left for me. Brother, I'm beginning to fold my fist. I'm getting into fighting mood. Hallelujah. Anybody want to fight this morning? Hallelujah. The devil stole my rights. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. From the first seal, Lord. You remember how it was lost. All right. Brother Bam says by Adam, he forfeited the book of life or the tree of life for the knowledge of Satan or he gave it up in exchange for the knowledge of Satan. That's the penalty he had to pay. My Satan, that old deceiver, destroyer of the sons of God. All he's doing is stealing and robbing and destroying. He did it then and he wants to do it now. Amen. And sin brings a chasm, a gap between God and man, no more fellowship. How that must have saddened the heart of God. He gets sad sometimes. Ephesians says, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit." So God can be grieved. The Holy Spirit can be grieved. Amen. That's right. Amen. That's the word. Satan's aim is to make sure that God is not worship. All right. Or he does not get your fellowship. Amen. You may say, "I'm not a devil worshipper. I'm not commit committing adultery. I live a nice clean life, but I'm so busy. I can't pray. I can't read my Bible. I can't come to prayer meetings. Brother, that's the devil right there. Once he cuts off your fellowship with God, your devotion and your worship to God, then God is grieved and Satan gets your worship. Say amen. [Applause] Say amen. And that's all he wants. Anything that will prevent you from having your fellowship with God, that's the devil right there. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Satan is exposed. Amen. So today, you have to begin to allocate some time in your busy schedule for God. Say, amen. Hallelujah. Say, I'm going to allocate some time for God. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise. You can never be too busy for God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Don't fall prey to the devil's tricks. We are overcomers. Amen. And the devil is exposed today. Satan is exposed. Amen. You don't want to grieve the Holy Spirit in this late hour. I was too late. Amen. You ought to make him happy. Amen. Amen. Yes. Because all Elohim, the allsufficient one, the great and mighty one, all he ever wanted was some fellowship from you. Say amen this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. You You must be really important to God. Hallelujah. Isn't it? Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. From divine healing. Brother, you ought to be the happiest person in the world this morning. Amen. That you are sitting here as a believer. Yes, sir. To know that when Almighty God knocks on your heart, why? There's nothing like it. Nowhere. Yeah, you could search and comb the heavens and you couldn't find anything equal to that. Say amen. That's how a holy infinite God, Elohim, would come down and knock at the heart of a sinner's door and want to live bodies with him. Say amen. He wants to be your buddy. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Bam says that ought to make everybody break loose in here this morning. Come on, stand up to your feet. Break loose this morning. God wants to be your buddy. Hallelujah. My God. Amen. Amen. Oh, praise God. Give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Oh, the allsufficient one wants to be buddies with you. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. You may be seated. Praise God. Hallelujah. Forgive me. I'm stuck on it. But Elohim wants your fellowship. Why won't you worship God? Young brother, why won't you worship God? Young sister, Caleb, officer, minister, whoever you are, why won't you worship God? All Elohim ever wanted was your fellowship. Amen. Not just our fellowship, but your fellowship as an individual. Amen. Praise God. I had hundreds of pages of notes, but I just can move from Elohim wanting your fellowship. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. But let's press on. So God had given man the rights the tree of life, the book of life. Man had eternal life. He had dominion over the earth. Every creeping thing, every foul of the air, he was god of the earth. He was master of the earth under papa god. He was a government over all the creation. Amen. And part of his of his inheritance in life. Amen. As I said before, is that he was not to be sick. Amen. And God didn't make him to have cancer. He did. He never made man to die. Amen. He made man for fellowship. Praise God. So the devil came and stole it. Amen. Brother, God was not going to sit down and let some devil ruin his fellowship with his sons. No, no, no. Hallelujah. He devised a plan to restore his sons or to redeem his sons and to reconnect that life cord of communication and fellowship. Say amen. God does not want new sons. He wants you. He is not going to replace you because you did this or you did that. God wants you. God wants me. Hallelujah. So what are you scared about? Hallelujah. Everything that happened, it had to be this way to bring you to this spot now. Say amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. So God is bringing back that which has already been. Say amen. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. So he devised a plan of redemption to redeem his sons and the earth. Remember man was lost. God's word was if you eat of that tree of knowledge of good and evil, you will surely die. So in all of creation, death emerged, sickness, snowstorms. The animals began to fight among themselves. Adam could no longer talk to the lion as its master. He had to run for his life. The earth had lost its original master. The earth is in chaos. Satan a squatter not the legal order posing as master of the earth cosmos world. Amen. He is now in charge of politics and all the system and the governments. He creates diseases, germs, demons, style, fashion, secular music, you name it. Satan created creates it. Amen. No wonder the whole world, the whole earth is groaning. waiting on the manifestation of the sons of God. Waiting on his rightful master to come back in position again. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Who do you think send the tsunamis and the thunderstorms? Satan is the prince of the power of the air. But my God, he's not the king. Hallelujah. He can only do what God allows him to do. Amen. Amen. He thinks he has power, right? But God is the king. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. [Applause] So, I want you to see that man or the human race was lost completely. Natural death, that's one thing, but also spiritual death, which was worse. Yes. because it meant being eternally separated from God. In other words, no more fellowship forever. You see what the devil's plan was to cut off the fellowship forever. And he knew God loves fellowship. He did it by God's own words. The day you eat, you will die. The devil paralyzed man from having fellowship with his Lord and Maker because God cannot break his own word. My the day you eat it will surely die. They ate. They must die because God cannot break his word. Brother, the picture was dim because Satan had lost the battle with Michael and was kicked out of heaven. So he studied this thing good. He plotted for long and hard. How can I hurt God? How can I get back at God? Well, he loves fellowship. He's longing for fellowship from his children. I will make him have to remove his sons from the garden and stop fellowshipping with them and every other future son that was to come forth. So powerful was Satan's statics. Amen. My do you see the picture this morning from a message the dity of Jesus when our first mother and father fell in the garden of Eden? His relationship, his communion with God was cut off because of sin. God had to drive them away from the Garden of Eden. And that's just what the devil wanted. Yes. Brother Brandham says from that hour, God began to scream up and down the garden, hurting for his lost children. My God. My That's the love he has for us. Amen. The only way then that God could ever redeem him, he would have to come down and redeem himself. [Applause] My He could not send somebody else. He could not send an angel. No, that wouldn't be right. He had to come down himself to redeem her. You know why? Because if God was the one that had passed the judgment, then only God could take man's place in the judgment. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God said the only way I could be just is for me to take his place. Amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So in the Old Testament from Adam all the way up to Malachi, God provided a covering for man, a temporary arrangement. He told them to kill a lamb. The priests would cut the lamb's throat and the sinner would put his head on the lamb and confess his sins. The man would feel the jerking, quivering flesh of the little dying lamb. The lamb was dying instead of the man. This was how he was redeemed at that time temporarily. The priest would collect the blood and put it upon the fire to burn. That was his temporary redemption. Amen. Amen. But that man went straight back out with the same desire in his heart to do the same thing he came in for. My it was only temporary. So Hebrews 10, for it was not possible that the blood of bulls and goats should take away sins. Amen. It was just a shadow. It was just a temporary arrangement until the real thing came. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The sin was still there. We needed something that would take the sin itself and disintegrate it until it is no more. You cannot find the sin nor the sinner. What sin? Tell me. What sin? It was gone the moment you confess. Buried in the sea of forgetfulness. Give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. One time a brother, I think it was brother Perry Green, was with a prophet and another brother had sinned and the prophet discerned the brother and he spoke to him privately. I hope I'm getting the story right. And the brother confessed and made it right. Later on in the day when the perry asked brother Brandham what was it that the brother had done that was wrong. The prophet said when God forgives a man of his sin he doesn't even show it to his prophet. The prophet could not go back and find that sin. He said not even God himself could find it. He has a sea of forgetfulness never to be remembered anymore. Give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah. My God. My God. Disintegrated. No more. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. That's the kind of redeemer we have this morning. So now we realize it took the blood in the Old Testament, but God has no blood. He's a spirit. Elohim logos. So he almighty Jehovah overshadowed Mary and created a blood cell in the womb of Mary and that brought forth the very creative blood of God to redeem us. Say amen. You mean to say God made blood just to redeem you? Stand up and give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. The blood of Jesus. Hallelujah. There's power in the blood. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Oh, glory to God. So on the cross, the blood was drawn out of Emanuel's veins which produced the redeeming power. Amen. And we are redeemed by the blood of God. We were bought and redeemed by God's own blood. God created blood to redeem us. He logos came and lived in the same body that he created so he could be a kinsman. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. God had to suffer temptation. Riches, power, tempted in all manner like we are. Amen. Headaches, tiredness, hunger, passion, you name it. He endured it. Amen. Yes. Amen. He couldn't do it. Elohim couldn't do it as God in spirit. He had to do it as God in flesh. Even Jesus Christ, our kinsman, redeemer, God condescending in the flesh. Amen. You believe that? Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Let's go over to Revelation. over in Revelation. Now, John is weeping. No one was worthy to redeem man. No angel. No. Not even an archangel. They were holy and sinless, but they couldn't do it. Amen. Who is worthy? The angels couldn't do it. They were holy, but they couldn't do it because God's law required a kinsman. So the angels were holy, but they were not kinfolk. Silence, no response, nobody. John is weeping. All of a sudden, the lamb came out boldly. I am their kinsman. I am their redeemer. I now have made intercession for them. I now have come to claim their rights for them. You talk about an attorney. Hallelujah. representing us. He said they have a right now to everything that was lost in the fall. And I've paid a price. Give him praise. Give him praise. He said, "I have died for them. I am the kinsman redeemer. I am the mediator. My blood was shed. I became man in order to redeem the church back again. Hallelujah. He takes the book. Glory to God. All my life always said Jesus died to take the book. Now I know he took the book. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now the title deed of redemption of all creation is in his hand. He comes to claim it back for the human race. Not for the angels, but back to humans for which it was given to make sons and daughters of God again and to bring them back to Eden. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Everything they lost, the whole creation, the trees, animal life, he claims his redemptive right for us. Give the Lord a hand of praise. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. [Applause] Hallelujah. Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Raise your hand. Just thank him wherever you are. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Oh, to know that we were one time aliens without God, without mercy, and then Jesus died to redeem us. Amen. What did he redeem from a message? Redeemer redemption. He redeemed your soul from hell. Amen. My you are on your way to hell and the blood snatch your soul from the devil and claim your soul. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes. Bam says he redeemed and brought back everything that Adam lost. Where the devil put you in a pawn shop, Jesus, our redeemer, redeemed you from the curse of the devil. He redeems your soul. He redeems your weary, dreary spirit. He redeems your sick body. Hallelujah. Total complete redemption. Praise God. Hallelujah. By the blood. Glory to God. Hallelujah. He brought you happiness. He brings you joy. He brings you peace, longsuffering, goodness, gentleness, meekness, power. He brings you the Holy Spirit. He brings you divine healing this morning. Say amen. Say amen. What are these? Your inheritance in life. [Applause] Amen. So when man fall, they lost their life and their inheritance in life. Your inheritance to life. Your father left these for you. Yes, sir. And the filthy devil took your rights to these things. My how dare he make me sick now? That's not part of the package. Anybody feel like fighting? Come on, you soldiers. The book has been restored. Jesus died to take the book and your name is on that book. Hallelujah. It's a book of redemption. Hallelujah. A book of redemption. You are redeemed. Give him praise. Oh, hallelujah. You have redemptive rights. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh my God. The book of life, the book of redemption. Hallelujah. My to know that you were lost on your way to hell. not knowing who you were, not sure who your father is or what belongs to you, and an attorney called you into his office and showed you a legal document. Glory to God. Hallelujah. And you see an abstract title deed that your father left. You see your name as the beneficiary of the inheritance. Praise God. Brother, what a shout. What a praising. My God. Just to know my name is on the deep. Hallelujah. Oh my God. Your name is on the book this morning. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. [Applause] Jesus. You don't fully know what's in the book, but your name on the book. And your father left that for you. Amen. So it belongs to me. How dare the devil try to steal my rights to my inheritance. Amen. Whether it's one cent he my mother, my father left for me. I wanted it belongs to me. How dare somebody want to take my inheritance. Praise God. Praise God. And as far as the attorney told me, it's more than one cent. Hallelujah. Glory to God. is eternal life. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. He's your attorney, but he's also your judge, but today he's your attorney. He's going to fight for you. He redeemed you. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Let me see if I could strike the text. Complete redemption for the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. When death struck Adam, it was natural death, the body and spiritual death. Amen. Jesus came to redeem both body and soul. And the spirit is included. Notice your soul. Barab says he came to bring complete redemption. So your soul is completely redeemed. So your soul was redeemed first. Amen. That's right. Man can begin to fellowship now once again with God. That's good. Amen. Hallelujah. The blood redeems all three. But the soul right now is completely redeemed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The soul was in sin. So God came down by a process of redemption, justification, sanctification, and baptism of the Holy Ghost and redeemed your soul. Hallelujah. So you can have fellowship with God now from your soul. Amen. Amen. But a body is not redeemed fully as yet. It is to be redeemed. Yes, sir. But your human spirit is all influenced by reasoning and imagination, affection, and conscience and so forth. That is not the spirit of God. He said, "I will sprinkle clean water upon you." And Ezekiel 36, "And you shall be clean from all your filthiness. From your idols will I cleanse you." Verse 26, "A new heart also will I give you, and a new spirit will I put within you." Say, "Amen." Amen. And I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh, and I will give you a heart of flesh. Then I will put my spirit within you, the Holy Spirit. Say amen. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. So, our spirits have to be sanctified. All kinds of unclean spirits driving people to do evil things, to wear immoral clothes, and to flirt with the world. No praise. No praying. Amen. my but we are coming to complete and total redemption. Amen. So day by day through the preaching of the word the bleeding bloody word. Hallelujah. We are being redeemed day by day by day. Our spirits are being redeemed from the human spirit to a new spirit to the Holy Spirit itself. Amen. faith all the way to charity. Amen. Brother Brandham said the token today is no longer the chemistry of the blood of Jesus Christ. It is the Holy Spirit of God. That's the token that God requires of the church today. Say amen. Say amen. [Applause] God must see the token in every one of us. Yes, sir. Yes. Yes. Amen. He's looking. He's looking for the requirement. It must be on display. Amen. He says because the wrath of God is ready to be poured out upon one ungodly nations, two ungodly unbelievers, three upon professors without a possession. Amen. Hallelujah. So God is requiring a token, the Holy Ghost. It's the only way, the only sign that God will ever pass. It's the literal life of Jesus. Return back into the believer. Give the Lord a hand of praise. Thank you, Lord. [Applause] from a message redemption by judgment. If you're living a halfway life, remember that's no good. I'll say it again. Let's If you're living a halfway life, remember that's no good. Let's just lay the thing down right now and say, God, right this morning, I'm coming and basing my faith upon your word. I don't care if I never shout or cry in my life or any kind of demonstration. I'm basing my faith on your word and I'm on my road to the promised land. Amen. Brother, you got to get that token. Amen. Say amen. Say amen. You got to get a token. Amen. God is looking for our worship, for our fellowship, but Satan tries to bind our spirits. Make you fall, bring temptations so you can feel all down and out. What for? So that you would feel condemned. So that you won't pray. You won't praise God to hinder your fellowship with God. Amen. Amen. Can you say amen? When you are in and out of church up and down, you are not redeemed. Your spirit is not redeemed. Don't fool yourself. Amen. That's church member qualities. Say amen. I'm not calling anybody a church member. But that's church member qualities. But when you see your name on that book that you are a son of God, you have to push forward unto your adoption. Say amen. Say amen. So don't take the the church member part. That's not your part. Amen. And that's to make you rise higher. Amen. Take this part because you see your name on the book and you're going to push forward onto adoption. Amen. Hallelujah. You are constantly in revival. Lord, I can't get enough of you. You are in a perfect fellowship with your God. Amen. Hallelujah. You have a revelation of your eternal purpose. You know that God brought you here to worship him and you have fellowship with him. Can you imagine somebody would come to church and won't worship God or he would worship if he feels to or when he feels to but brother when the 24 elders saw the lamb stepping forward to redeem us, they threw off their crowns and they fell on the ground and they worshiped God. Give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. The holy fire of God must come into you and burn all the sin out, the germs, all the devils, all the temptation, all evil is gone. Then he can come and dwell with you and you can sit in heavenly places in Christ Jesus because you're already in him. The Holy Ghost won't come and dwell with your filthy human spirit. That's right. It will take the fire of God to burn it out. Then the Holy Ghost will come. Amen. Amen. How do we get into it? By one Holy Ghost baptism. Amen. By one spirit, we're all baptized into Christ. Say, "Amen." He's the great spiritual king over the spirit that's in us because we were in him at the beginning. You believe that? Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Talking about complete redemption. Now God has redeemed us by his blood. But until we reach that day of redemption, Ephesians, a day of redemption, that fullness of time, until we reach the adoption to with the redemption of our bodies, we have got to fight that devil in our homes, on the job, with our health. Demon powers left and right. Satan want to set traps for your soul. Praise God. Satan trying to steal your loved ones. Amen. God through redemption will show us his power. Hallelujah. God through redemption will show us his power to make a way of escape. Present tense. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My body's not redeemer yet. But God is going to show us power present tense. Hallelujah. The power of God this morning is here to transform you from sickness to health. You that are sick receive your healing in the name of Jesus on the spot, present tense, redemption by power. Give him praise. Give him praise. God is a healer this morning. He can transform you right now. Right now. Amen. One time, God delivered the children of Israel out of Egypt. They were on their way to the promised land. As soon as Pharaoh realized that he lost them, he came after them with all his chariots and horsemen. The enemy was after them. There was no way out, no escape. Did God bring them out there to die in the wilderness? Desert on one side, mountain on the other side, the Red Sea in front of them, and Pharaoh's mighty army coming behind them. Oh Lord, millions of soldiers coming, marching to overcome them. My God, they were the most powerful army in the world at that time. But now God is going to show physical redemption. Now he's going to make make a way of escape from physical death on the spot. Present tense. Amen. We serve a now God. Amen. Amen. The enemy wants to kill their bodies. Then God show his redemption by power. Hallelujah. the great supernatural pillar of fire raised up from over Israel and went and stood between them and Pharaoh's armies. Hallelujah. Come on now. Come on now. Redemption by power. Present tense. Cuts of death. Hallelujah. It comes between you and your sickness. Hallelujah. It comes between you and your problems. Amen. Satan, where do you think you are going? Stop right there. The power of God will make the devil stop. Glory to God. Redemption by power. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. That's the kind of God we serve. Exodus 14. And all night long, you can hear me. All night long, a strong east wind blew. And the Lord caused the Red Sea to go back and make the sea dry land and divided the waters. God's power is now on display. Amen. One writer described it. He said God was angry with the waters. Hallelujah. The Red Sea got in God's way. Hallelujah. He said, "Open up and let my people go through." Oh, glory to God. He's the I am that I am that I am. Amen. Present tense, redemption by power. Amen. Hallelujah. And when that sea opened up, the children of Israel walked through to safety. Amen. But when the children of Israel crossed over and they looked back and saw Pharaoh and all the enemies had drowned in the sea, brother, they began to dance and sing. Brother Miriam grabbed the tambourine and she began to beat victory. Praise God. Victory tunes. Amen. Talk about a rejoicing. Praise God. Maybe she played Norma. Hallelujah. I don't know. Maybe she played He's the Mighty One of Israel. Amen. Praise God. What was it? Redemption by power. Present tense on the spot. Give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God redeemed them so that they could come to the place where they can worship him and fellowship with him even after great trial. Give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. [Applause] Where said that as they went through the Red Sea, it was a type of receiving the Holy Ghost. After the believer has been redeemed from death unto life, the power of God has healed your body. Now he's a candidate for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. And after they came out of the on the other side, they saw their old task masters who had beaten them and killed some of them. Maybe your taskmaster is cancer or cigarettes, tobacco, whiskey, whatever it is. Amen. They looked back and saw all those things that they were struggling with, helpless and dying in the sea. Brother, you talk about a meeting they had. Amen. Praise God. And when Moses knew that all those things were gone forever, the things that whipped them and drove them around was finished, he raised his hands and sang in the spirit. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But this morning, when you look behind you and you see all those filthy Egyptian spirits dead, you will begin to shout and praise your God. The Egyptians you see today, you will see them no more forever. You are free. Free to praise God. Free to worship God. Amen. Give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be an egg. So why you think you're free? It's a worship. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Brother, you can't go into resurrection halfway in the world and halfway in church. You have to be fully redeemed. No more world holding you back. Amen. And when you are fully redeemed, you become a new person. Not just old and patched up by joining church or trying to turn a new page, but you are a complete brand new unit. God takes the old man and burns him completely out with a fire of the Holy Ghost. Then God comes himself into your heart. Amen. He sends down your representation. Amen. Representation by predestination. Amen. Satan can tempt but he cannot get a bornagain Christian because God from the foundation of the world foraw him and send Jesus to redeem him. And now the blood speaks for him. Say amen. How can he sin when it can't be seen even by God? Hallelujah. The only thing he hears is your voice. But he sees your representation. Give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You have representation this morning. Amen. Yes, sir. One of these days you will be completely light like Enoch. All the heaviness of the world is gone. Paul said, "Oh wretched man that I am, who shall deliver me from this body of death?" Paul's body was not redeemed as it Paul delighted in the law of God after the inward man. That's right. Paul saw another law in his members waring against the law of his mind. In other words, Paul's soul was redeemed, but his body, his flesh was not fully redeemed. The good that I want to do, I do not. The evil which I would not, that I do. Oh God, deliver me from this body of death. How many feel that way sometimes? My God. Brother, our bodies are going to be redeemed. Say amen. That's a weak amen. Say amen. Our bodies are going to be redeemed. Yeah, listen. We already have divine healing which is the earnest of our redeemed bodies. Hallelujah. What about himself said? If there is no divine healing of this body, there will be no redemption and resurrection of this body. Amen. If there is no divine healing, then those that go down in the grave will remain there forever and there will be no more of them. My and brother Bam is referring to cancer patients who the doctor had given a few days to live. Praise God. Like Miss Florence Night and Gail and so on yet prayed for. She couldn't even raise her hands, couldn't even speak. just a bundle of bones. Brother said when you see the old crippled twisted children hands straighten out and walk off this platform heal. He said if God could reach down to those sick people and heal them and that's just the earnest or the down payment of our resurrected bodies. What will it be when the bride draws the full value of redemption, the full value of the resurrection of Jesus Christ? Hallelujah. Praise God. He said divine healing is the evidence that your mortal body will change to immortality. Hallelujah. Praise God. Give him praise. That's what we are living for. Come on, give him praise. Glory to God. Glory to God. Thank you Jesus. Praise God. My from a message faith is a substance. While we groaning like Paul veiled in this tabernacle of humiliation, the body, we have an earnest of our perfect complete redemption. back like we were in the beginning when God created Adam in the Garden of Eden. He said we have a foretaste of glory divine by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The refreshing coming from the presence of God to water the church to make it grow in grace. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Amen. He says when we are sick, we have redemption. The blessing, the attributes of the death of Jesus Christ, divine healing is assigned to us. That someday, this mortal will take on immortality. He says, "Marvelous." He said, "He's here to do it." Amen. Somebody give the Lord a hand of praise. Musicians, I'm almost ready to close. [Applause] Hallelujah. So healing and salvation are earnest of our complete redemption. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. So the bride must be completely redeemed before this rapture must go. She will know who she is. Amen. Her soul is redeemed. Her spirit is redeemed by the life in the blood. The Holy Spirit, the token. And one of these days, this old body wrinkled, falling, dwindling, aching knees, horse throat. Whether you bury it in the sea, whether this is just a spoonful of ashes, or whether I'm alive to see my body changed, but one of these days, Gabriel's trumpet will sound and we're going to be changed. Say amen. Say amen. But I'm part of this world that's going to be redeemed. Not a cosmos world order, not a world order, but a part of the redeemed order. Amen. There's a cosmos world order and there's a redeemed order and we are part of the redeemed order. Don't you be discouraged, my bride. Amen. If you have representation back there in the attributes of God, then you are in the eternal. Say amen. You will cross from the seventh day in time into the eighth day in eternity by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. A holy convocation going back to eternity. Say amen. Say amen. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. This is the year of my redeemed. This is the year of Jubilee. We are going to make it, brother. Turn around. Amen. Encourage your brother. Hallelujah. Encourage your sister this morning. Tell them we are going to make it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Tell them you are the redeemed. You are the redeemed. You are the redeemed. You are going to make it. Don't be discouraged, my brother. Don't be discouraged, my sister. You are the redeemed of God. Give the Lord a shout. Give the Lord a shout. Give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Final quote. I'm sorry. Just one more quote. You can remain stand if you want. Someday when all the redeemed of all the ages gather together, there will be a large table set. It will be a table stretched for miles. Just redeemed folks. Hallelujah. Oh God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Trust redeemed folks would be on that table and we will look across at one another. Tears of joy running down our cheeks. We will see the old veterans who have fought to win the prize. And sail through bloody seas. We will stretch across the table to shake hands. Hallelujah. How we can praise the Lord then. Oh my God. Oh my God. Then the king in his beauty will come out and wipe the tears from our eyes. Oh hallelujah. He will say, "Don't cry no more. It's all over." Hallelujah. Give him praise. Oh, praise God. There will be no graveyards on the hillside of glory. There will be no funeral services on the hillside of glory. There will be no storms to strike. It will be glorious over there. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The king will say to you, will you here? Enter into the joys of the Lord. Give the Lord a hand of praise. [Applause] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, glory to God. Are you living for that day? Are you living for that day? What will it be? Total and complete redemption of the bride of Jesus Christ. Elohim in perfect fellowship again. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a hand. Amen. Oh, when the redeemed praise God. Hallelujah. When the redeemed are gathering in, washed like snow and free from all sin. How we will shout, how we will sing when the redeemed are gathering in. God richly bless you, my brother. Praise God. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, you appreciate the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, give him a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh what a message today. Oh honey. How many appreciate brother Stephen Oliver? My God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Turn your brother. Turn your sister. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh well. When the redeemed will gather in it. Oh, and the wash like snow. Oh, and free from all sin. How we will shout. How we will shout. Oh, that's how we will sing. Yes, I will. Oh, and the redeemer. Oh, our God. When the redeemer. Oh, and the redeemer. Oh, it's time to dance. I don't know about you, but I wash like snow. Oh, well, I'm free from all sin. How we will shout well. How we will How we will Oh, get Oh, I can. Oh, let's sing a verse. Oh, I am thinking of the rapture in our blessed home on high. Hey, sounds good. Oh, I will raise the heavenly enter in that city in the sky. When the redeemer Oh yes, our God. Oh, when the redeemer Oh, and the redee [Music] when we wash like snow and wash like snow. Oh Lord, I'm free from all sin. How we will shout. Just how we will shout. Oh, and how we will sing. Yes, I will. Oh, and oh God. Oh, hallelujah. One of us saints will sing redemption story with their voices clear and strong. When [Music] oh then the angels all will listen for they cannot join that song when the redee will come. When the redeemer come. Oh hallelujah. Well, oh Lord. Oh, how we will shout. Well, how we will shout, shout. Oh, and how we will sing. Oh yes, I will. Oh, and oh God. Oh, give the Lord praise today. Hallelujah. Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Oh, how we will sing. Yes, I will. Oh, and the redee. Oh, I got now. Yes, I'm feeling. Oh, so much better. Well, since I live, oh my good. Oh, and now I'm feeling. Oh, is anybody feeling? Come on. Now I can hear. Oh, since I Oh, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. We're maring over since I now. Glory, glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. inside where my My me Oh, so [Music] my seasonal. Oh, hallelujah. Yes. Hallelujah. Yes. Hallelujah. Oh, somebody dance and lift your hands. Hallelujah. Oh, give him praise. [Applause] She know my name is [Applause] my horse. Oh, so give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. She's so hallelujah. Oh well. He didn't let the devil win. Oh, he didn't let the devil win. Oh, now he sing. No, he didn't let the devil. [Music] He didn't let the devil the devil. He didn't let the devil. Oh, he didn't. One more time. Sing it. Oh, give him praise to me. Hallelujah. at the devil. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, lift your hands up. Hallelujah. Give him praise right now. You just worship me. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. You unravel me with a melody. You surround me. So of deliverance from my enemies till all my fear come this morning. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer and I'm no longer slave to fear. Yes, I am. I am a child of God. Oh, just worship him from my mother's womb. You have chosen me [Music] and love has called my name [Music] and I've been born again. Oh, praise him into a family. Your blood flows through our veins. Well, lift your hands and say, "Oh, I'm no longer hallelujah. Oh, worship him today. Hallelujah. I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to [Music] one more time. I'm no longer well. I'm no longer a slave to fear. child. I am a child of God. One more time. I'm no longer slave to fear. Oh, I am a child. Oh, just lift your hands now and just worship him in his presence. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. [Applause] Oh honey, honey. I'm no longer slave to fear. Yes, yes, yes. He wants fellowship today. Elohim wants fellowship today. Oh, worship him right now. Worship him in the beauty of his holiness. Praise him for his excellent greatness. Praise him. Hallelujah. Remember his works of all. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, give him praise right now. You just lift your hands and just worship him. Worship him. Thank him for his goodness. Thank him for his mercy. Thank him for his excellence. Thank him for his love. Thank him for his power. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. longer sleep. I am a child of God. One more time. I'm no longer I'm no longer slave to fear. I am a child of God. Oh, give him praise. Hallelujah. Many many men. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Oh, what a day in his presence. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's get ready to uh bring the tiing offering up. Amen. Amen. Communion. Sweet commun. union. To have fellowship with you is what we long to do. Communion, holy communion, Lord, I want to have communion with you. Let's bow our hands. Heavenly Father, Lord, you bring the tithes you offer before you. Pray you bless it. Use it for the fruits of your gospel. Lord, bless your people as they give in tithes and offering. Father, may you bless their homes and families. Provide for them, Father, in Jesus name we pray and ask it. Amen and amen. Oh Lord, communion, holy communion. Lord, I want to have communion with you. Oh, sing communion. Sweet commune. To have fellowship, to have fellowship with you is what we long to do. Oh communion, holy communion. Lord, I want to have communion with you. One more time. Oh communion, [Music] sweet communion. To have fellowship with you is what we long to do. Communion, holy communion. Lord, I want to have communion with you. Oh, give him praise right now. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Many amen. Oh. To have fellowship with you, Jesus. It's what we long to do, Father. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. One more song before we get ready to change over one more time. It was a life behind the name. Amen. That makes the demons tremble. Amen. Hallelujah. It was the life behind the name. Oh, that makes the demons tremble. Oh, it was the life behind the name. Oh, that makes the proud heart humble. Oh, and it was God who devised the plan. Oh, that in all things as a man. Oh, that he could live. Oh, so he could give. Oh, give us the life behind. Oh, well, it was the life behind the name. Oh, that makes the demons tremble. Oh, it was the life behind the name. Oh, that makes the proud heart humble. And it was God who devised the plan. Oh, that in all things as a man. Oh, where he can live. Oh, so he can give. Oh, give us the life behind. When I say it, it's the life behind the name. Oh, that makes the demons tremble. Oh, it is the life behind the name. Oh, that makes Oh, well that it was called [Applause] [Music] Oh, the life behind the name. One more time. It is the life behind the name that makes the demons tremble. It is the life behind the name. Oh, that makes the proud heart mumble. Oh. [Music] Oh, give us the light behind the name. Can we give the Lord a hand of praise this morning? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. You appreciate the service this morning. You appreciate God's servant with Mr. Steven Oliviveri. What a word in due season. Complete redemption for the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. You can begin to play Sweet Holy Spirit, Sweet Heavenly Dove. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Every head bowed, every eye closed. At this time, I'd like to invite the elders. We want to pray for our pastor today. He's having an incredible pain in his shoulder, having trouble to lift his his hands. I want to lay hands on him and pray for him this morning. We know who we are this morning and the word has already gone forth. The devil is already stripped of his power. He has no power. And as the church of the living God, we stand united in faith and in confidence knowing that we shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. And this pain that the devil has tried to inflict. We come this morning to curse it. Send it back to the pit of hell for where it came, the devil will try. It's his job to try. And it's our job to send it back. It's our job to reject it. It's our job to cast out devils, to rebuke spirits. Can we bow our heads for a word of prayer? Heavenly Father, Lord, we stand united this morning as a church of the living God. Lord, the word has already gone forth. Present tense redemption, redemption by blood, redemption by power. Father God, how you love the fellowship and we have come this morning to have fellowship, sweet communion with you, Father, Lord. But it's not just for the Lord for us to just gather, Lord. But you give us power to turn back the clock, to turn back time because we are creatures of eternity. And the devil came down in Eden and disrupted God's plan. But we have been dispatched in such a time as this as creatures of eternity. draft in time to prove to the devil that they'll be born sons of fil sons of placed sons of adopted sons and father as the elders of the church we lay our hands upon our pastor as a church of the living God we unite in faith father we God we call for fire this morning father may you touch our pastor from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet may you heal him completely not just his shoulder but every pain, every sickness, every affliction, every ailment. House of hell give way to the name of Jesus. We declare healing. We declare all is well in the name of Jesus Christ. And father God, may you reveal him with the baptism of the Holy Ghost and fire. May the power of fire, even God himself drop down, Lord. May you consume him. May you tabernacle yourself in the depths of his soul so he could stand to minister like he has never done before. Father take his ministry to another level. Let it not be man but let it be the angel of the Lord. Father, we thank you for healing. We thank you for the victory. We thank you for dying on the cross. We thank you for a finished work, a finished work of redemption. It's already done. It's already finished. Uh we rejoice uh in the victory this morning. And the church of the living God says, "Amen." And the church says, And the church says, "Give the Lord a shout of praise." Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Let the redeemed say so. We know who we are this morning. Every demon is under subjection. Every spirit is under subjection. If you came in here bound this morning, there is no reason for you to leave bound. The word has already been declared. This is the time of the finishing of all things. Uh it's the time of redemption. You are already redeemed. Who we for we call who we call he justified. Who we justified. He had already glorified. What shall we say to these things? Uh if God before ush who could be against us what spirit, what principality, what power, house of hell, give way to the name of Jesus. Backsliders in this househ you are free this morning. You are free this morning. If you are sick, you are healed. We declare it. We speak it. The testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. As brother Raymond Artley makes his way to the pulpit this morning, makes his way to the altar with the Raymond Artley. Keep playing softly. Keep Reverend. The church will be set in order. There will be no room for the devil.
