################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-05 - United Under One Head Part 2 extract (Communion Service)  - Prophet William Branham - William M. Branham.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-05
Title:   United Under One Head Part 2 extract (Communion Service)  - Prophet William Branham
Speaker: William M. Branham
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Tape Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbr40_fHdVk
========================================

And I know and I know that there all around us. [Music] Let us praise Jesus now. Thank you Lord for we are standing in his presence holy ground. One more time. [Music] Oh God. Yes Lord Jesus. [Music] Oh [Music] my [Music] Jesus is we are standing in his presence on sing it one more time. Oh yes Lord. Say we [Music] are Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Oh, where are you? Here are angels all around. [Music] Jesus now. Hallelujah. Glorious Lord. We are standing in his presence. We are standing in his one more time. Sing we are standing in his presence on holy ground. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Just praise him this evening. Just worship him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be your name, Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Hallelujah. And all that's within me. We praise your name, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, blessed be your name, Father. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. Thank you, Father. Praise his wonderful name. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. God bless you this evening. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Let's just turn to our Bibles to Psalms chapter 33:es 1-4. Amen. You appreciate the Lord this morning the service, the message. Amen. Amen. Amen. An invitation to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. Let's press forward. Amen. Praise God. It goes like this. Rejoice in the Lord, oh ye righteous, for praise is comely for the upright. Praise the Lord with harp. Sing unto him with sultry and an instrument of 10 strings. Sing unto him a new song. Play skillfully with a loud noise. For the word of the Lord is right. Can we say amen? And all his works are done in truth. Praise his wonderful name. Let's just bow our heads, close our eyes. Amen through the blood. Thank you, Father. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are so grateful to be here this afternoon. One more time, Lord, in your presence. Lord, we enter into your presence with thanksgiving and into your courts with praise. Lord, we love you with all our hearts this evening. May your presence be with us, Lord. May your power drop down upon your people. May you Lord this be a supernatural experience here this evening Lord. Bless your word to our hearts. Bless your people as we would come Lord and consecrate our hearts Lord and we dedicate ourselves over unto you this evening Lord. Fill us Lord with the Holy Spirit and power. Fill us with your love. Fill us with your grace. Fill us Lord with all your goodness. Father, Father, we want to commit everything now into your hands. Fill and refill your people, Lord. Pour out your presence one more time, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen and amen and amen. Just greet your brother and sister. Amen. Through the blood. Through the [Music] blood. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. Through the blood. Through the blood. Oh, we rushed into his presence. Oh, through the blood. Oh, and Jesus has made a way. Oh, that we can come into his presence through the blood. Thank you through the blood. Oh, raise your hands this evening. We thank you for the blood, Lord. We thank you for the token, the life in the blood, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, making a way for your people that we could come back to life, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, we appreciate you, Lord. Father, we love you this evening, Lord. Thank you for the blood. Thank you for the blood, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, blessed be your name, Lord. Oh, through the blood. Sing it through through the blood. Go through the blood. Oh, we can come into his presence. Sing it through the blood and Jesus away that we can come into into his presence, Lord. Well, that's where we belong. One more time. Through the blood. Sing the blood. Oh Lord. Through the blood. Glory in Jesus presence. Hallelujah. Through the blood. Oh Jesus. [Music] only the way that we can come into his presence Lord through the Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Father. Blessed be your wonderful name. Blessed be your name. Blessed be your name. Oh, it is Jesus. And yes, it is Jesus. It is Jesus in my soul. All I [Music] have him of is God and his blood has made me whole. Oh, it is Jesus. Sing. Oh, it is Jesus. Yes, it is. It is Jesus. It is for myself for I have. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord is God. That is [Music] one. One more time. Sing it as Jesus. [Music] Yes. It is in my soul for I am. Hallelujah. Yes Lord. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord and as oh just praise him this evening. Give him praise. Give him praise. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Hallelujah Lord. Yes Lord. Oh hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah Lord Jesus. Glory to God. Glory to God. Yes Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Oh we praise you this evening Lord. Thank you Father. Oh, why don't you turn your eyes upon [Music] Jesus? Brothers and brothers, get ready to take up the tithes and the offering. Oh, and the thing of this world will grow [Applause] in his glory. Turn your eyes this evening upon Jesus. One more time. Sing it. Hallelujah. Upon [Music] Jesus in his wonderful faith. Oh yes Lord. And the thing. Oh yes Lord. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Strangely there in the light. Glory and praise. Thank you Jesus. Praise God. Let's just bow our heads and close our eyes this evening. Thank you father. Heavenly Lord Father we look to you this evening father. Lord, we just pause to pick up the tithes and the offering to pray you'd bless it and sanctify it. And Lord, may it be used to bring glory to your name. Lord, bless your people as they would give at this time and provide for those who don't have at this time that they would be able to give another time. Lord Jesus, we commit everything now into your hands. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. And amen. Praise God. Brothers to come forward. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing a little song. When I see the blood and see again. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Oh, when I see the blood. Hallelujah. When I see the blood. Hallelujah. When I Oh, see the blood. Hallelujah. I will pass. Oh Christ our redeemer singing Christ our died on the cross died for the sinner died for paid all is due sprinkle your soul spring with the blood of the lamb blood of the lamb and I will not I [Music] will when I say when See the Oh yeah. See the blood. Hallelujah. Oh yeah. See the blood. Oh glory. I will. Oh hallelujah. Judgment is coming. Oh God. All will be there. Oh each one receiveth. Teach just hide in the saving sin cleansing blood and I will pass. Sing again. I will pass. I will pass over you. Oh hallelujah. See the love. Oh hallelujah. See the power. Oh, see the hallelujah. I will. I will. Oh, great compassion. Sing it. Oh, oh, boundless love. Oh, oh, loving kindness. Oh, loving faithful and true. Find peace and shelter under the blood. And I will pass. Sing it on. I will pass will over you. One more time. Sing. When I see the blood, see the blood. When I see the blood. Hallelujah. Oh, see the blood. Oh, I will. Hallelujah. How many thankful for the blood this evening? One more time. When I see the blood, see the blood. Glory. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. When I see the blood, I will fast. I will pass over you. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, praise God. Amen. You appreciate the Lord this evening. Amen. Just before we switch over to the message, uh we have two notes of praise. One from our brother Daniel Rashkuma. I want to thank God for his grace and mercies through his son Jesus Christ for my safe return home and for all my successes. Amen. We rejoice with him. Amen. Thank you Lord for bringing him brother Daniel safely home. Amen. Amen. And we also want to we have a thanksgiving from sister Janice. I want to thank the Lord for my 70th birthday. Amen. And what a blessing it is. Amen. God bless you. God bless you sister Janice. Amen. We appreciate you. Amen. In Jesus name. Amen. So this evening we have a a message continuation of the message on united under one head. Amen. So God loo bless you as we get ready to listen to the message. Amen. Stay in the spirit. Praise God. United under one head. Praise God. Maybe you can be Amen. a baby by Sarah. She was 65 years old then and he was 75. What a ridiculous sight. An old man 65 or 75 and a woman 65 going downtown buying up all the pins and the bird eye. I want to have the baby. Well, what do you think the doctor would have thought? He said, "Sir, we want to make arrangements for the baby." Ever had one before? No. How old are you, Sarah? 65. What? How old are you, Abraham? 75. What you doing with all those little booties and things? We're going to have a baby. Oh, I can scientifically prove to you she's 20 years of past menopause. Why, you're ignorant. But Abraham called those things which were not as though they were because God said so. And as the years went by, he got stronger. Yeah. The first 30 days, Abraham said, "Sarah, how you feeling, honey?" No different. Bless God, we'll have it anyhow. Right. The first year passed, Sarah, how you feeling, honey? No different. Praise God. We'll have it anyhow. 20 years pass, how you feeling, Sarah? No different. Praise God. We'll have it anyhow. Why? God said so. It wasn't in his head. It was in his heart. God don't speak in the head. He speaks in the heart. That's where God lives. But if God's on the throne, he stirs you. He makes you go and see the things that he wants you to see. And you turn your eyes from things that the devil talks about. You stay right with God. Oh, how and we being Abraham's children. The Bible said that we being dead in Christ take on Abraham's seed. And we're hes according to the promise. And we can't believe God for 25 minutes. And Abraham believed him for 25 years and then had to take the child up to kill it to confirm the oath again. And then we're the children of Abraham. I wonder sometimes if we were the children of Abraham, we'd have Abraham's faith in God and would call the things contrary to God's word as though they were already happened if we were the children of Abraham. Now, I know this is rude, friends, but it's truth. Now, we notice then God takes the heart. He takes control. Now, when sin came in and upset your heart and and the devil come in and blocked it all off, but then God sent his own son made in the likeness of sinful flesh to cleanse that heart so that he could come in. He made a way appropriation preparation come down and appropriated a way that he could cleanse your heart so that he could come in. He can't come into your heart with all that sin and unbelief there with all I'm a Presbyterian. I'm a Pentecostal. I'm a Nazarene. Glory to God. Hallelujah. I want to be a child of God. Glory. See, but as long as you got that idea, God can't come in there. You're just a Presbyterian. You're just a Pentecostal. You're just a Nazarene. But when all them ideas can get out of there, then God can get in and get a hold and go to star in you. Right. See, God has to come in to be ruler. We unite under the heads of different denominations. God wants us united under his head. We unite under our own head and God wants us unite us under his leadership of our heart. What a difference man has made in it. Now you can't stand mutual. I want you to understand that you cannot stand mutual. You have to have one or the other. Some time ago the great evangelist Billy Graham who I believe to be a servant of God and other great evangelist. that Billy Graham said in Louisville, Kentucky at his breakfast, he picked up the Bible. He said, "This is a standard." He said, "When Paul went and had one convert, he went back a year later and he had 30 out of that one." Said, "I can go in the city and have 30,000 and come back in a year and not find 30." Well, maybe they was Billy Grim's converts. Maybe they were William Brandham's converts. If they are, they're not going very far. I say that. But if they're God's converts, they'll remain forever. [Applause] I thought, Billy, I'd like to say something here, Billy Oral, myself, other men, evangelists, pastors. What do we do? Go out into the field and we preach. And when it is the man repents of his sin, he comes up to the altar and says, "God, forgive me." And he does forgive him. Then what happens? The unclean spirit goes out of him. Then what do they do? They turn him over to some old morg. I hate to say that, but that's the truth. I always felt sorry for carbs. They take them into them old margs dead and then they're going to be sure they stay dead. They put fluid in them to be sure they can't come back to life. That's about some of these old coal formal churches you got around here. It's injection of some old man-made doctrine to be sure that you save it. That goes for every denomination. Go in there and documentate them with some kind of an old doctrine. Oh, you say the doxology and you repeat the apostles prayer or creed and you where is the apostles creed down in the Bible. There's no such a thing. If the apostles had any creed, it was repent. I think Peter spoke the apostles creed in Acts 2:38. He said, "Repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is unto you and to your children to them that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." They had agreed that was it. But not one of these man-made creeds. Isn't it strange to see how that the devil takes this pattern here? some time ago noticing at the grave of Mohammad. At Mohamad's grave, there's a white horse that stands there. It's been there for 2,000 years. They change the guards about every four hours. What are they doing? They are expecting Mohammad to raise someday and get on this white horse and ride the world and conquer it. Did you know Jesus is coming on a white horse? Amen. See how close it look the church and all of its creeds and denomination. How close it can look just like the real thing. The Bible said in the last days the two spirits would be so close it would deceive the very elect if possible. It isn't communism. It's churchism. Right? That's a deceiver. Notice communism. Russia. Russia wants to unite all the world in one because they got a oneness desire in their heart. But they want to unite them all under communism. That's their idea. See, that's man's while the UN wants to unite them, too. All under the UN to what? Unite them together in a military power. Man is not surviving by military power. Man survives by the power of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus Christ, not by military power, by sputnicks and so forth. We survive and live by the power of Jesus Christ. But see how they notice how they do it. Look here at Nimrod. He wanted to unite the people under one and build a tower. What was the type of Jacob's ladder? From earth to glory. What about the Catholic? They want to unite the whole world under one. Catholicism. What about the Protestant? He wants to unite them all under one under the Federation of Churches. Just as wrong and black as the Catholics are. It's the same old lying devil. It's true. That's a fatal mistake. Why they want they want them all to be a federation of churches where all under one head long as I can be ruler. Catholics want them all under one head. Pope can be the ruler. Russia wants them all under one head. So communism can be the ruler. UN wants them all under one head. So we the United States can kind of be the boss because we're the biggest nation. It's all the same devil and every nation in the world is controlled by the devil. So the Bible says here we have no continuing city but we seek one to come. I stood up over the grounds of the pharaohs and the Caesars and have to dig 20 ft down to find their where their throne set. Every earthly throne will fall. Every nation will fall. Every building will crumble. Every man-made creed will die. But Christ will remain forever and forever. Why you not under something like that? It's lost to begin with. But all of them won't united under that. Now you can't stand mutual. You just can't do it. When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walks in dry places. The man goes down, he gets saved. He's taken back to a church. Well, now to be sure that he doesn't get strayed away under some other church than indocc. Don't tell me. I know. You got to follow our denomination. You must be baptized by poured a little water on top of your head or or or some way. Some of them baptized three times face forward, sometimes three times backward. What difference does it make anyhow? Amen. But you'll fall out and fuss about it. Shows it's man-made. Amen. It's got to fall. For every plane that my heavenly father hasn't planted will be rooted up. It's got to be. But upon this rock, what rock? the spiritual revelation of Jesus Christ. Upon this rock I'll build my church and the gates of hell can't prevail against it. The Catholic says it was Peter. The Protestant says it was Christ. But Jesus said upon the flesh and blood has not revealed this to you, but my father which is in heaven has revealed this to you. A spiritual revelation of the Lord Jesus. Upon this rock I'll build my church. Amen. Not because some man told you flesh and blood is not revealed to you. Not because you learn it in a communion. Not because you learn it in eating kosher bread. Not because you learn it in a bunch of creeds. But because the Holy Ghost has revealed it to you upon this rock I'll build my church. And all the gates of hell can't prevail against it. showed they would be against it, but they'll never prevail. Now, as we go on, the unclean spirit then what does he do? He goes over and he gets into this person and he begins to tell him this. You know what he does? Just like what Jesus said, you can pass the seeds to make one procelite. And what is he when you get through with him? A more twofold child of hell than he was to start with. You can deal better with a streetarted. You can deal better with a prostitute on the street or drunkard in some dive than you can with some of these old mossbacked so-called Christians. Exactly right. They sit down there and blow up like a toad frog eating buckshot and just carry on awful when they know more about God than a hot pot knows about Egyptian knife. You know that's the truth. Go down and see the glory of God. Somebody get healed. Say it's psychology. How can you believe when you've got nothing to believe with if God's on your heart's throne? I tell you, he'll agree with every word. Knowledge of Satan it can't be done. Science says it can't be done. God so loved the world, he gave his only begotten son. Unbelievers say I doubt that. God says amen. The Bible said Jesus Christ the same yesterday and forever. The Holy Spirit say amen. The church credle say I well he is and so much he is. I'm the Lord heals all thy diseases. Well, he used to. But the Holy Spirit on the heart will say amen to every word of God cuz he wrote it. He is a writer. He's the author. But the unbelieving scientific polished scholar with DDD, PhDLD, all that kind of nonsense, they'll disagree with it because they don't know no different. Like the old colored man was down in the South. He kept singing and his boss said, Sam Bone said, "What makes you so happy?" He said, "I got heartfelt religion." Oh, he said, "There is no such a thing as heartfelt religion." He said, "Boss, you made one mistake." Said, "What was that?" "You should have said there's no such a thing as heartfelt religion as far as you know." But he know differently. That's the way it is with the true bornagain experience of God. Man says there's no such a thing as the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It shows he hasn't got it. He trusts his creeds. We trust what God said. That's right. Now, what happens? You can't stand mutual. You've got to be filled with something to survive. Notice, you might be filled with one thing over another. You say, "Brother Brand, I'm kind of on the fence." No, you're not. The Bible plainly says that all that was not sealed with the Holy Ghost received the mark of the beast. All that didn't have the seal of God in their forehead had the mark of the beast. You got one of it now. I'd like to test it just a little bit to see where we're standing. Oh, the mark of the beast, remember, is a religious mark. Certainly it is. You might be filled with religion. You can have all kinds of religion. That doesn't save you at all. You can just be a religious fanatic if you want to be. Touch not, taste not, handle not, smell not. That don't have one thing to do with the Holy Ghost. You might be filled with a bunch of malice. You might be filled with a bunch of prejudice. so full that you can't even sit and hear one sermon preached. You might be filled with a lot of hatred you despise everybody don't agree with you. You might be filled with a lot of nonsense too. You might be filled with a lot of Arthur Godfrey's dirty jokes so much that you think too so much of that you won't go to church on Wednesday night or something. You might be filled with Elvis Presley's rock and roll. That's true. But you're filled with something. And your own life bears you record of what you're filled with. Father, there are fruits. You shall know them. You're filled with something. You might be filled with a bunch of laziness. Just too lazy to do anything about it. Well, you don't have to be that way. Christ died that you might be cleansed from all of those things. You might be filled with a bunch of creeds. You might be filled with a bunch of denominations, but God don't want you filled with that. God made a place in there to put himself in. God wants you to be filled with himself. What takes place when you're filled with God? When you're filled with God, you're filled with the Holy Ghost. You're filled with power. You're filled with love, with joy, with peace, with long suffering, with goodness, with meekness, with gentleness, with worship. You're filled with joy. Amen. David said, "My cup runth over." And if David had a cup running over before the Holy Ghost come, what would it be now? You're filled with something. And when you're filled with man's ideas, if you're filled with church entity, if you're filled with greed, you're only building yourself up that's got to fall. If you fill yourself up with a modern world, if you fill yourself up with lust, if you fill yourself up with pride, if you fill yourself up with your denomination, you are lost. There's only one way to endure, that is to put the original thing that God made that compartment in your heart to be filled with, and that was the Holy Ghost. The disciples said one day said, "Will you at this time restore the kingdom?" He said, "It is not for you to know the hour the father has put in his own mind, but you shall be filled with the Holy Ghost. Then you will be, not until then, then you'll be my witnesses in Jerusalem, in Judea, in Samaria, and to the uttermost parts of the world." Amen. My loving friends, may I say this to you tonight? God wants us one, but he wants us one. Not under the foolishness of manhad, but he wants us one. United under the holy godhead. Amen. United as one person, one man, one woman, one church, one people, one view, one purpose, one motive, one objective. That's Jesus Christ. One thing to serve him, one love, the love of God, one brother, brotherhood of man, one fellowship of the Holy Ghost, then we're united. That's what God is building this day. Regardless of what the devil does, he's building a tower. That tower is made out of the United people. Made out of Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Pentecostal, Nazarene, Pilgrim, Holiness. It's made out of all the bornagain people that's got the baptism of the Holy Ghost in their heart, filling that little apartment, and looking straight to God for deliverance. We're united then as one. We won't fuss no more then. We won't argue no more. We'll act like man. We'll dress like man. We'll dress like women. Sons and daughters of God. Our character, our conduct, our faith will prove when God says anything, we'll say amen to it. If the Bible says for us to do certain things, we'll do it. We won't argue back. We'll just go and do it. That's what God wants us united under. Oh, how we ought to act in this present day. Here some time ago down in the Southlands, they used to have the slavery for the colored folks and the Africants, the boers that went on into Africa bought those slaves or captured them and brought them over here and sold them to the southern people for slaves. And they just sold them like you would an automobile. It never was right. And they they sold them down there for slaves. And they were sad. They'd have to whip them and make them work because they were sad. They go around and brokers and would buy a a human being just like you'd go to a used car lot to buy you a used car. Oh, it was wrong. And why even buy them five buy four five here for a certain price and take them and sell them to another man for a certain certain price. Buy the great husky healthy breed them big man to bigger women to make bigger huskier slaves like animals. One day a certain broker come by an old plantation and he said u I would like to know how many slaves you have for sale. He said, "Oh, perhaps maybe a few." The may I look them over? Said, "You may." And he went out on the plantation. And he be to look around and he found them out there hollering at them and scolding them because they were sad. They'd never go back home no more. Mama was over there, daddy was over there, maybe was over there, husband over there. They'd never see him no more. They were here for slaves that died in this charent buried here. They were sad. But this slave buyer hadn't noticed one young man. They didn't have to whip him. He had his chest out, his chin up, just everything just at the moment. And the slave buyer said to the owner, he said, "I'd like to buy that slave." Oh, he said, "But he's not for sale." He said, "He's so much different from the other." Said, "I know it." Said, "Just just set your price. What you want for him?" He said, "I told you he's not for sale." He said, "Uh, is he the boss over the rest of them?" Said, "No, he's just a slave." He said, "Do you feed him a little different from the rest of them?" said, "No, they all eat out in the galley together." Lord said, "What makes this man so much different from the other slaves?" He said, "You know what?" He said, "I wondered about that one time myself till I found out." Said, "I found out that over in the homeland in Africa, his father was a king of the tribe." and said, "Though he's an alien and he's away from home, but he still knows in his heart that he's a king's son and he conducts himself like a king's son. What are we to do? How should we act? How should we conduct ourselves as sons and daughters of the king?" Amen. We should dress, act, live, talk, testify like sons and daughters of God. Though we're an aliens, we're in a strange land amongst some dying worlds, but yet we're sons and daughters of the King Jehovah God. We are to agree with his word. We ought to say amen to his spirit. We ought to unite ourselves together as brethren and as sisters and conduct ourselves as king sons and daughters. Oh my. This is kind of hard for a Baptist, but I feel real religious right now. I believe I could almost shout. You don't think they shout? You hard to get around me sometimes. Oh, I feel good for I know the spirit of the living God is here. I've just seen something happen to set my soul on fire. Oh, let it be his name. God will have a church near him. It's not far down the road. We will be one. Our purpose will be one. Like the great temple when it went together, there wasn't a buzz of a saw or a sound of a hammer for 40 years. God's cutting them out of the Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterians, all funny looking blocks. But one of these days, the Holy Ghost will come that rejected cornerstone and the building will go together without a firm. One of these days, the stone that's been rejected is the chief cornerstone. You builders of these denominations, remember that the rejected stone is the chief cornerstone. He sure I believe him. Oh, how wonderful. How glorious. I know that he's present. Oh, I wish you felt like I do. I know you think I'm I may look silly, but I'm not. I mean, you may think I I don't know where I am, but I do. Oh, it is the spirit of the living God. I just can't preach no more. There's just something. The joy bells of glory has just set it on me. I never had it to happen like that. Just something I know there's coming a time. There's coming something is going to take place. I see it in the near future. The spirit of the living God calling fresh on his church. That's going to be something take place. I hear the sound in the mberry bushes. Something just spoke to my heart said, "Fear not, preacher. They'll be one one of these days. They'll believe. It may take persecution and things to guide us together, but God will guide his church together. Just as church as I'm standing this morning under one, that's Christ. Christ will be the head. No denomination will be the head. Christ will be the head of every believer. Hallelujah. Don't get scared. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Please praise our God. He's worthy of ever praise that we could give him his son. Here some time ago, I was preaching and a lady walked up to me and she said, "Brother Brandom," she belonged to a certain religious cult and she said, "There's just one thing about your preaching that I don't like." Oh, I said, "There's a whole lot of this lady." She said, "But this one thing, you brag too much on Jesus." Oh, I said, "Lady, I can't brag enough if I had 10,000 million tongues." I couldn't praise him enough. He's so real. She said, "But you try to make him divine." I said, "He is divine." She said, "He was just a prophet." I said, "If he was a prophet, he's the world's greatest deceiver. But he was more than a prophet. He was a god of the prophets." Amen. She said, "You try to make him divine." That you said you were fundamental. I said, "I am." She said, "If I'll prove to you by the Bible that he was just the man, will you accept it?" I said, "If the Bible said so." She said, "St. John 11." She said, "The Bible said that when Jesus went down to the grave of Lazarus, the Bible said he wept." I said, "Is that your scripture?" She said, "It certainly is. He couldn't be divine and weep. I said, "Lady, your argument is thinner than the froth made out of a shadow of a chicken to starve to death." I said, "That has gold water with God." I said, "You failed to see him." When he went down to the grave of Lazarus, he wept. That was a man weeping. But when he pulled those shoulders together, said, "Lazarus, come forth." And a man of dead four days. Corruption knew its master. And a spirit knew its maker. And a man of dead four days stood on his feet. That was more than a man. That was God speaking through a man. He was both God and man. It's true. When he come down off the mountain that night hungry, looking around on a bush to find something to eat, that was a man hungry. But when he took five biscuits and two little fish and fed 5,000, that was more than a man. Yes, it was. He was a man when he was out there on that sea that night when he'd been so tired and virtues going from him from healing the sick all day long visions. He was a man tired laying down when the waves didn't even wake him up when 10,000 devils of the sea swore they had drowned him while he was asleep. He was a man when he was tired and sleepy. But when he put that foot up on the braid of the boat, looked up and said, "Peace be still." And the winds and the waves, oh lady, that was more than a man. I want to unite under his power. I want to unite with you men and women tonight under his power. He did cry at the cross, "Father, why has thou forsaken me?" He died as a man. But on Easter morning when he broke the Roman seal and rolled away the stone and rose triumphantly, he proved he was God. He's thrilled heart. He looked like God. He act like God. He is God. True. No one said, "Living, he loved me. Dying, he saved me. Burying, he carried my sins far away. Rising, he justified freely forever. Someday he's coming. Oh, glorious day. Don't want a blinding cross. He can say, "Pass me not, oh gentle savior, tear my humble cry. Why others dire calling? Do not pass me by down the stream of all my comfort, more than life to me. Whom have I on earth beside thee? Or whom in heaven but thee?" [Applause] On this block, I'll build my church. I'll unite my church together under the domain of the Holy Ghost. And all the gates of hell can't prevail against it. Thirdly, amen. That's who I want United under the power and the leadership of the Holy Ghost. Amen. To witness the every word of God that is true. Amen. Praise the Lord. God believe that God could electrify his people in here just now to a healing service like you have never seen before. If we just believe it, I believe in his presence this year. The king, there's a shout of the king. Many of you denominational preachers look down upon this bunch of scream and shout and you got the same idea that Balum had. They've done wrong. That's right. So have you. But you got a way of hiding yours. That's right. You say, "Oh, that Pentecostal preacher run away with another man's wife. So did that Baptist, that Presbyterian. But the papers keeps yours still." Amen. Some man's sins goes on before him. You know, some father. Give me the united power of the Holy Ghost and take all the rest of it away. I'll agree with Eddie Puit when he said, "Oh, hail the power of Jesus name. Let angels prostrate fall. Bring forth the royal diet on him and crown him Lord of all." Amen. Certainly. Praise God. That's it. That's it, brethren. United under one head. God, one leadership, Holy Ghost, one purpose, the kingdom of God. That's him. Oh, how glorious. How I'd love to see him. His great powers are in here now. I'm not going to even call a prayer line. God will call you from this platform. I believe that the king is in this camp. Balam looked at the moral. He failed to see that brass serpent that snitten rock. That's what's the churches today. The sniff neck uncircumcised the heart and ears. They failed to see that Holy Spirit going ahead of the church. Where God is supernatural signs take place. Christ the head of the church wants to unite us together tonight as one heart, one person. All you Baptist, Methodist, Presbyterian, Pentecostal, we want to unite together as one heart and one person under one king, God, one domain, heaven, all the church of the living God, Presbyterian, Menite, all that you are, God wants us. He's here. His spirit is yours. May he prove to you tonight that I've told you the truth. Praise the Lord. Let's all stand this evening. Amen. Amen. Just raise your hands and give him praise this evening. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just praise him this evening. Thank you Lord. Thank you for your word Lord. Thank you for your word Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Just praise him this evening. Raise your hands. Close your eyes. Just praise him. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Fill your people this evening Lord. Hallelujah. Unite us by your spirit. Unite us in faith, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, blessed be your name, Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Praise God. You appreciate the message this evening. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Let's just turn to our Bibles at this time. You want to switch over now to the communion service. Praise God. First Corinthians chapter 11. Amen. Thank you, Lord. 1 Corinthians 11 23-32. Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we approach your word now, we pray, inspire it to our hearts. Bless it and sanctify it. Anoint your people, Father, for service in Jesus name with thanksgiving. Amen. And amen. Praise God. Amen. Verse 23. For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed, took bread. And when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me. And after the same manner also he took the cup when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as often as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, ye do show the Lord's death till he cometh. Wherefore, whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread, and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkketh unworthily eateth and drinkkeeth damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are sick weekly. Many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chastened of the Lord that we should not be condemned with the world. Amen. And let's just bow our heads and close our eyes at this time. Heavenly Father, your people are gathered together in obedience to your word, Lord, to fulfill these ordinances, Lord, of the Lord's supper and feet washing. Father, Lord, we pray that you would bless the articles that have this bread and wine symbolizing the body and blood of the Lord Jesus. Lord, pray father that you would unite us in spirit, one faith, one Lord, one baptism, all under the banner of Jesus Christ. One motive, one objective, Father, Jesus Christ, Father, the kingdom of God. Father, Lord, continue, Lord God, to fill and refill your people, Lord. Bring a revival in the homes, in the lives, in the individual hearts, Father, a seventh revival, a Holy Ghost revival, Lord Jesus. And Lord, even this evening as they would partake of this bread and wine, Lord, may your anointing pour out upon your people. Break forth upon your people this evening, Father. Lord, and heal your people. Touch, Lord, the weary. Heal the sick and afflicted, Lord, naturally or spiritually, Lord. Raise up the downtrodden, Father. Lord, bring joy, the joy of salvation back to your people, Father. Lord, bring us, Lord, to adoption. Bring us to Lord to perfection, Father. Lord, all that is promised for us, we want it, Lord. And we want to walk into the manifestation of the sons of God. Father, Lord, have your perfect way this evening, Lord. Continue to unite us in Christian love, that we would respect one another and love one another and appreciate one another and pray for one another, Lord. And Lord, even as we would wash one another's feet, may we do it with humility and love and respect, Father. and Lord build that bond one for the other just as Jesus showed us Lord. Father Lord we give you thanks and praise in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Amen. Keep your heads bowed and your eyes closed as you want to observe a moment of silence as you would pray for the ministry at this time and the ministry would pray for you at this time. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Amen. As the deacon and elders get ready to serve. Amen.
