################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - The Name Above Every Name - Bro. Anthony O'Brien - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-20
Title:   The Name Above Every Name - Bro. Anthony O'Brien
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nsl_q0zXHhI
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Down. [Music] Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Just raise your hands and give him praise this evening. Hallelujah. How great is our God. Blessed be your wonderful name. We praise you, Lord. We lift you up this evening. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Just worship him this evening. Blessed be your name, Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Yes, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. How great is our God this evening. How great is our God. Thank you, Lord [Music] Jesus. Oh, sing. How great is our God. Sing with me, how great is our God, and all will see how great, how [Music] great is our God. How great is our God. Oh, sing. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great. Hallelujah. How [Music] great. How great is our God. Sing it one more time. How great is our God. Sing. How great. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Glory to God. Yes, Lord is our God. And all will see how great how great is our God. He's the name above all names. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, he's the name. He's worthy of all praise. He is with all praise. My heart will sing. My heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh, he's the name above all names this evening. Oh, he's the name all name. He is worthy. [Music] be praised. Oh, and my heart. How great is our God. Everybody sing. How great. Sing. How Thank you, Jesus. Sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, we'll see. How great. How great is our one more time. How great. Sing it. [Music] Hallelujah. Sing with me. How [Music] great. Oh, and all will see how great, how great is our God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Blessed be the name of the Lord. How great he is this evening. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Amen. Amen. Amen. God God richly bless you this evening and welcome to the house of the Lord on this Easter Saturday. Amen. Good to see everyone. Amen. Turn around and greet your brother and sister. Amen. Praise God. God bless you. God bless you. Amen. Good. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Amen. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Let's turn to our Bibles to Psalms chapter 34. Amen. Verses 1 to8. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Psalms 34. I will bless the Lord at all times. His praise shall continually be in my mouth. My soul shall make a boast in the Lord. The humble shall hear thereof and be glad. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Let us exalt his name together. I sought the Lord and he heard me and delivered me from all my fears. They looked unto me and were lightened and their faces were not ashamed. This poor man cried, and the Lord heard him and saved him out of all his troubles. The angel of the Lord encampeth round about them that fear him and deliverth them. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Blessed is the man that trusted in him. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Blessed be your wonderful name. Amen. Let's just bow our heads and close our eyes this evening. Praise God. Amen. Heavenly Father, Lord, the people have gathered together in your name, Lord Jesus. Lord, you promise to be in the midst, Father. Lord, we've come, Lord, to praise you. Lord, we've come, Lord, to worship you and adore your name this evening. Father, may we get out of the way, Lord, that you could come and have your way this evening, Jesus. Father, Lord, may we come with love in our hearts, Lord. Lord, increase our love for you, Father, this evening, Lord Jesus. Every brother, every sister, Lord, every musician, every officer, every minister, Lord, increase our love for you this evening, Father. Pour out your spirit upon your people. We welcome your presence in this place. Come Lord and touch. Come and change lives. Come and fill. Come and refill. Lord, come and heal the sick. Come and raise the dead. Lord, come and deliver. Lord, come and set the captive free this evening. Lord, we wait on you, Father. May your presence be with your people this evening. May everything be done in decent and in order, Lord, as you could get all the glory, all the honor, and all the praise. Lord, bless your servant as he would come, Father. Lord, may he get out of the way, Lord, that you could have your way, Father, hide him behind Calvar's cross. And Lord, may your Holy Spirit pour out, Lord. Use him as an instrument to bring honor and glory to your name, Father. Lord, these mercies we ask this evening, Lord, in your precious and wonderful name of thanksgiving. Amen and amen and amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Sing that little C, that little song, whiter than the snow. I think I see your [Music] D. Oh, blessed be the fountain of blood to a world of sinners revealed. Oh, blessed be the dear son of God. Only by his stripes, only by his stripes we are healed. Though I've wandered far from the fold, bring into my heart pain and world and wash me in the blood of the lamb. Oh, and I shall be whiteer than snow. I just [Music] sing than the snow than the snow. Sing and wash me in the blood of the lamb and I shall be whiter than snow. Oh whiter sing white. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, wer than the snow. Sing and wash me. Glory. And I shall be one. Father, I have one that from thee. Singing, Father, I am one that from thee. Often has my heart gone astray. Often has my heart. Crimson, do my sin. Oh crimson, do my sins seem to me. Water cannot wash. Water cannot wash them. Jesus to the mountain. Jesus to the mountain of thy leaning on thy promise. Leaning on thy promise I go. Cleanse me. Hallelujah. Cleanse me by thy washing divine. Oh, and I shall be white and snow white singing. Oh no. Sing it. Wash me. Hallelujah. of the lamb shall be white, whiter than snow. Singing one. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Whiter than the snow. Singing one. Oh, yes Lord. Oh Lord, and wash me in the blood of the lamb. Oh. Hallelujah. Just one more time. Brighter than singing one glory. Oh, hallelujah. Glory. Oh, wash me in the of [Music] the shall be wonder. Oh, give him praise this evening. Give him praise. Jesus took my burdens and evil. Hallelujah. Oh glory roll in the sea. Hallelujah. Now I have a peace. Hallelujah. Oh sing Jesus and he in the sea. Hallelujah. Oh, your sins are gone this evening. Hallelujah. Give him praise. Give him praise. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, he has given me. Oh, and all my sins. He rode them. Oh, Jesus took my burdens. Hallelujah. He ro. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Now [Music] I hallelujah. Sing it. Oh, he rolled up. Oh, if he rolled up, give him a shout of praise this evening. Give him a shout of praise. Just worship him. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Glory. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, and all my [Music] sins. He brought me out of the merry clay. He set my feet on a rock to stay. Oh, he put a song in my soul today. Oh, a song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, he brought me out of the marriage. Hallelujah. Glory. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, yes, Lord. Hallelujah. He put a song in my soul today. Oh, a song of praise. Hallelujah. One more time. Sing him. He brought me up after. Hallelujah. He set my feet on a rock today. He put a song in my soul today. Glory. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, singing Jesus. I'll never forget what you've done for me. Hallelujah. Jesus. how you Oh, and Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Oh, I'll never forget. No, never. How can I sing? How can I forget what you glory to God? Yes, Lord. How can I forget how you set me free? Oh, sing. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Jesus, I'll never forget. No. Oh, give him praise. One more time. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Glory to God. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, Jesus. I'll never forget what you've done for me. Oh, I'll never forget. No, never. Oh, and the love of Jesus. The love of Jesus. The love of Jesus. Oh, wonderful love. Oh, the love of Jesus. The love of Jesus. How many appreciate the love of the Lord? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you for your love, Lord. Oh, and it is so high. So low, so I Oh, wonderful love. Oh, sing in the love of Jesus. The love of Jesus. Oh, the love of Jesus. Oh, wonderful love. Oh, so high. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, so wide. Oh, wonderful love. Give him praise. Give him praise. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, blessed be the name. Just give him praise. Just praise him this evening. Oh, blessed be your wonderful name. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Blessed be your name. [Music] Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price. Thank you for the price. You bearing all my sin. Bearing all my sin. They love you came and love you came and give amazing grace. You're amazing. Thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for the nail pierced hand. Thank you for the nail. Yeah. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Oh, all I know your forgiveness, your goodness, and embrace. Worthy is the lamb. Sing him. Worthy is the lamb seated on the throne. [Music] Oh, we crown you [Music] now. Oh, hallelujah. You reign [Music] victorious. High and lifted up. Same. Oh Jesus, son of God. Oh go the treasure of heaven. The treasure of heaven see. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. One more time. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the cross. Thank you for the price you paid. Thank you for the price you bearing all my sin and shame. Bearing all my in love you came in and love and gave amazing grace and give amazing. Thank you for this love Lord. Thank you for this love. Thank you for the nail pier hands. Oh, thank you for Yeah. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Wash me in your And now what I know. Now all your forgiveness and embrace. Your forgiveness and embrace worthy. Oh hallelujah. Oh praise the name of the Lord. Oh I'm seated on the throne. We crown you now. Bless the savior comes forward. Thank you Jesus. You reign victorious high and lifted up. Singh, oh Jesus, son of God. Jesus, son of God. The treasure of heaven. The treasure of heaven through see. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, worthy is [Music] the for praise him. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. How many appreciate the Lord this evening? Amen. Amen. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Amen. Praise God. God bless you. You may be seated. We have a special praise in the name of the Lord. [Music] My heart can sing when I pause to [Music] remember a heartache here. It's just a stepping stone. along the path that's climbing always up one. This troubled world is not my final home. So until then, my heart will go on singing. [Music] until [Music] then with joy I'll carry [Music] on until the day I behold that city until the God calls me home. The things of earth will dim and lose their value. If we recall their borrow for a [Music] while and things of earth that caused my heart to tremble. Remember death will only bring a [Music] smile. This weery world with all its toils and [Music] struggles may take its toll. [Music] of misery and [Music] strife. The soul of man is like a waiting falcon. When it's released, it's destined for the skies. So until [Music] then my heart will go on [Music] singing from [Music] there with joy I'll carry on until the My eyes behold city until the day. God calls me home. [Applause] [Music] go until my heart will go on [Music] singing until [Music] then with joy I'll carry on until the My eyes behold that city until the day. [Music] dark [Music] behold until the day my eyes behold that [Music] city until the day God calls me. [Music] Oh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Oh yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you father. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Our heart keeps singing. Amen. God bless you, Sister Ingred. Thank you for that beautiful song. Amen. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Glor God bless you. Amen. Praise God. Who can stand against the Lord? No one can. No one will. Who can stand against the king? No one can. No one will. Who can stand say who can stand against the Lord? No one can. No one will who can stand. Who can stand against the king? No one can. No one will. Oh. Oh. The victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs [Music] to oh the victory belongs to Jesus. The victory belongs to oh the victory. Oh yes, Lord. [Music] Oh, victory belongs to Jesus. Oh yes, [Music] Lord. Who can stand against? Oh, who can stand against the Lord? No one can. No one will. Who can stand? Who can stand against the king? No one can. No one will. Oh. Oh. Victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to him. [Music] Oh. Oh. Victory belongs to Jesus. The victory. Oh, victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to him. Oh, without a music. Oh. Oh. Victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to him. Oh, victory belongs. Oh, victory belongs. Hallelujah. Oh, give him praise. Give him praise. Oh. Oh. Just praise him. Just praise him. Victory belongs to Jesus. Give him praise. Give him praise. Oh, raise your voices and just praise him this evening. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, yes, Lord. You will deliver. You are my provider. I find my [Music] victory in you. Forever victorious. Forever we will. I find my victory. I find my victory in you. One more time. You will deliver. You will deliver. You're my provider. You're my provide. I find my victory. I find my victory in you. Forever victorious. Forever. Forever we win. Forever we I find my victory. I find my [Music] victory. One more time. You will deliver. You will deliver. You're my provider. I find my victory in you. Forever victorious. Forever. Forever we win. Forever we win. I find my victory in you. And victory belongs to Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah, Lord. Oh yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Jesus. Victory belongs to Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Glory to [Music] God. Victory belongs to him. Oh, sing victory belongs. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, victory belongs to Jesus. Oh, give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. He's a mighty conqueror. Hallelujah. Oh, yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, praise him. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise this evening. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, glory to God. Oh, victory. Victory. You're going to have the victory in Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Yes, Lord. There is no failure in God this evening. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We praise you. We praise a victorious God tonight. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. One more time saying, "Victory belongs [Music] to Oh, hallelujah. Victory belongs to Jesus." Victory belongs to him. One more time, singing. Victory. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Glory to God. Glory to God. One more time. One more time. Victory sing. Victory belongs to Jesus. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Clap your hands. Clap your hands this evening. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, clap your hands this evening. Oh, victory belongs. Glory. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh yes, Lord. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Sing victory belongs to Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Let's one more time sing. Victory belongs to Jes. Victory belongs to him. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Glory. Yes, Lord. Give him praise. One more time. Give him praise. Glory to Jesus. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Yes, [Music] Lord. Lost your head. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelu. We have the victory this evening. We have the victory through our Lord and Savior. Amen. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. [Music] magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. [Music] Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever forever. Magnify, magnify the Lord. Hallelujah. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord. Raise your hands this evening. Come exalt his name. Come exalt his name forever. Oh magnify. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Come exalt his name. together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come ex play. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Praise him. Just praise him. Thank you, Lord. Lord, we're here to magnify you this evening, Lord. We're here to worship you, Lord. Just forget about yourself this evening. Close your eyes. Raise your hands. This is your time now for the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name we came to magnify you, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord God. We love you, Lord. We praise you, Lord. We worship you, Jesus. Oh, close your eyes and raise your hands and just praise him. This is your time to praise him this evening. Just praise him. Give him praise. Give him praise with all your heart this evening. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord God. Hallelujah Lord Jesus. Oh yes Lord. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Somebody shout unto the Lord this evening. Raise your voices and praise him. Let the worship go up this evening. Let the praises go up this evening. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Yes, Lord. He delights in the praises of his people. He delights in the worship of his people. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, [Music] Lord. Come exalt his name forever. [Music] Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Give the Lord a hand of praise. Blessed be your name. Blessed be your name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Praise God. You appreciate the Lord this evening. You appreciate the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Want to bring our precious brother Anthony to the pulpit this evening. He's going to share the word with us. Amen. You appreciate God's servant. Amen. Praise God. You appreciate last night. Amen. Brother Gideon, God bless you. Amen. What a time in his presence. Amen. Tonight. Amen. Brother Anthony, God richly bless you. Amen. Let's just close our eyes and raise our hands. Amen. Let's sing that little chorus one more time. Magnify amenity comes forth with me. Come ex glorify glorify the Lord. Glory. Oh, come and exalt his name forever. [Music] Glorify the Lord. Coming on his name together. Magnify the Lord in peace. Oh, come and exalt his name [Music] forever. Oh, can we praise him this evening? Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, can we give him praise? Can you give him glory for all that he has done, his wonderful works to be remembered? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's the reason I'm alive tonight. He's the reason I made it over. If it wasn't for Jesus, I would not have seen tomorrow. But something got a hold of me. Something has the res. When I wanted to give up, mercy said no. When I wanted to throw in the tower, mercy held my heart steady. So don't you worry. There is a hope for tomorrow. There's something. Hallelujah. Something beyond the river. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, and that something is what keeping us alive tonight. Oh, how many happy to be in the house of the Lord? How many thank God to be in his presence? How many know that in his presence is fullness of joy? Amen. And we are glad to be here together again. Just praising the Lord. We know that something good is about to happen. Something good is in store. every time we are gathered together in the presence of the Lord. How many thank God for last night's service. Amen. And those who were here, we know what took place. We certainly appreciate our brother Gideonov and his yielding to the Holy Spirit and the message he brought. and poured his heart out and uh we saw God took a hold of it and so we're looking for more of him tonight. It is not us doing anything. We are mere mortals. We can't pour out upon the people. That's that's impossible. It takes God to pour out upon the people. It takes his spirit to convict people and to lead them to the cross. You didn't bring yourself tonight. You didn't choose yourself tonight. God chose you tonight and he predestinated you to be conformed to the image of his son. And there are not enough devils in this universe that can stop what God wants to do in your life. The devil is 6,000 years too late because what Jesus did on the cross for us gives us the ability to access his grace tonight, to accept his mercy and his pardon and his love and his redemptive rights tonight. So, we are happy tonight. We are brimming with joy and we are so grateful for what he has already done last night. And so, we're looking for more of God tonight. Amen. Praise God. So God richly bless you. Certainly want to greet you in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And it's Easter time again by the grace of God. We are here once more to celebrate Christ. Amen. And while the world has their thing going on, uh we know the reason for the season. And so we want to give him all his due praise, honor, and glory. Uh because of what it means to us. Amen. He brought us out of darkness into his marvelous light. So certainly want to greet you all on behalf of my wife and the family. We greet the church tonight and certainly happy to be in fellowship tonight and uh amen in this Easter time and uh today and tomorrow. We fellowship around the word of God. Thank you so much brother Steve Oliver for the song service. Thank you so much uh thank you so much Sister Ingred Williams for the special this evening. We certainly appreciate the worship and praise that has gone on. Thank you musicians so much um for your music. Um the Bible says play skillfully with a loud noise. Amen. And uh we've certainly done that tonight in the spirit of excellence. Amen. So we thank God for everything. And now as we want to turn over to the word by grace of God, I'd like to invite your attention to just a reading of the scripture. Um we want to read one one v uh scripture verse and that has taken place in Philippians chapter 2 right um sorry so out of out of one chapter amen few verses there um so Philippians chapter 2 we want to read from verses 5 to 11 for a scripture reading for a little exhortation this evening by the grace of God. Philippians 2 and verse 5 it says let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus who being in the form of God thought it not robbery to be equal with God but made himself of no reputation and took upon him the form of a servant and was made in the likeness of men and being found in fashion as a man he humbled himself self and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every name, that at the name of Jesus, every knee should bow, of things in heaven and things in earth and things under the earth, and every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. Lord to the glory of God the Father. May God add blessing to the reading of his word. Let's just bow our hands. Almighty God, we are thankful to be here once more this evening by your grace. Your grace has found us alive, Lord, in this moment. And we want to thank you and praise you, Lord, for your goodness, your mercy that has kept us, Lord. Lord, and you've brought us to this time, Lord. Father, we know that Lord, there's something fixing to break forth, Lord. Glorious for the bride, Lord. Father, in the last day, it's a promise, Lord. Lord, you promise a revival, and we're want to get ready for it, Lord Father. Lord, we know that, Lord, that you are are faithful to your promise, Lord Jesus. Lord, we just bow humbly before you, Lord. We can't do anything in ourselves, Lord. Lord, we just want to surrender to you now, Father. And for a few moments as we delve into the word of God tonight, Lord, and for what you would have to speak to us, Lord, we just want to surrender to you now, Father, and pray that your word would come and minister to the hearts of your people here, Lord, are gathered in the building. Those that may be connected to us online, we pray that you would speak to them also, Father, and minister. Lord, you alone know the desires and the hearts of the people. Father, may you move me out of the way if you have to. Dear God, you just be glorified in this service here tonight. Lord, take Lord charge. Take control, have preeminence, dear God. Father, Lord, that we are nothing in ourselves, Lord. I don't have anything to bring Lord. no talent, no skill, just oh Lord uh humble as we are Lord Father praying that your mercy would befallen us tonight Lord and your grace be pave a way before us Lord Father to righteousness help us tonight dear God by your word and your spirit grant it almighty God we pray now as we surrender for the next few moments Lord may uh minister to your people there Lord Jesus Lord we uh be careful to give you all the praise and glory in Jesus Christ's Amen. You may have your seats. Amen. Well, again, we thank God for his presence. So, we have a title tonight. Amen. Little exhortation tonight to uh continue in the spirit of God. My title tonight is from the scripture that we have read. The name that is above every name. The name above every name. That is the title or little message tonight. And uh as I've started to do uh just wanted to deliver a key objective here. And the objective of our service tonight is to identify the importance of a name and the power and the significance of that name, Jesus. That's our key objective tonight. And we are hoping by the grace of God that we'll be able to achieve this key objective. Amen. But that's the objective of the message tonight. The name above every name. Do you love him tonight? Um, so where do we begin? Let's let's start with a name. What is a name? What is a name? I have a definition here. A name is a unique identifier. It uniquely identifies something or someone or a person or a thing. A name is a unique identifier of someone or something. A name serves as an anchor point of your identity. Isn't that right? If you want to know who this person is, the first thing we have to start with is their name. Isn't that right? A name serves as an anchor point of your identity. We would not know who you are unless we have a name that we can put to the person that you are. Isn't that right? Unless we have a name that we could use to identify you. You and your name are synonymous. Isn't that right? And if we call you by your name, there is only one person that can respond to that name. Isn't that right? When we're born, we're given two names. One is a family name and then the other is your unique name in your family. Isn't that right? So when we want to call you, we know how to call you by as they say your government name uh as a name that is on your your birth paper, your birth certificate. The thing that identifies you uniquely. Each one of us here tonight has a name. Every one of us sitting here, we have a name and God has a name also. Isn't that right? And he is known by his name. Do you believe it? And you alone can answer to that name. If we shout your name in an audience and you are sitting there, even if you don't respond, you going to feel a certain type of way. If they call your name again, you're going to feel a certain type of way because they you know that they are calling you. You know that deep down that is your name and only you could respond to your name. Isn't that right? It's a feeling you get when your name is being called. Isn't that right? And if that is just for your natural name, then think about your spiritual name this evening because you have a spiritual name also. There's a name that God knows you by. And when he speaks that name, there's something in you that has to respond to that name. When that name is being called, can we say amen? It grabs your attention. Yeah. You've got to answer to your own name. It's like a ringing phone. You can't help but feel like you've got to answer that call because it keeps calling over and over and it's coming no for nobody else but for you. It's your name. Isn't that right? And likewise, if someone were to call upon the name of Jesus, there is only one person who can respond to that name. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Isn't that right? It grabs his attention. It gets his attention. Oh, hallelujah. When he when you cry out that name, something God has to respond to that because only he could respond to that name. When it is being called, when you are in distress, when you are crying in the night, when you don't have an answer for the problem that is in front of you, when the devil is grabbing at your neck, when the devil is scraping at your daughter, when the devil is devil is trying to get at your son, when you are in the night watches and you are praying to Jesus, when you cry out that name, he has to respond to that name when his children begin to cry. Oh, there is only one God. There is only one spirit that can respond to that name when it is called Jesus, son of David, have mercy on me. Oh, he's got to respond. [Applause] When you call upon his name, oh there is but one Lord and one spirit and by one spirit we are baptized into one body. Oh the body of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh hallelujah. When you call upon the name uh of the Lord Jesus Christ, there is power in that name uh power to heal the sick, power to raise the dead, power to cast out devils, power to defy natural ability, power to defy any feeling in your mind, any devil that is tormenting you. There is power in that name tonight. to break past depression, to break past frustration, to break past whatever condition you are in tonight. There is power in that name, Jesus. Oh, and I just come, we come to speak the name of Jesus over you tonight, over your condition, over your family, over you tonight, over whatever is going you're going through. We here to speak that name, Jesus, tonight. And watch the demons scatter and watch the devils fly out of here because there's power [Music] In that name, oh hallelujah. In that name, the dead cannot stay dead. In that name, the sick cannot stay sick. In that name, the blind cannot stay blind. In that name, the cripples has got to walk. In that name, the lame has to rise up uh and take up their beds. Uh because the devil knows that name. Oh, that devil, that devil, that name will scatter a thousand devils. Oh, that name Jesus. Don't be afraid to speak that name tonight. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, you could praise God if you want to. Amen. This is this is your service. Amen. But it grabs his attention. When you cry out that name, the devil gets antsy. When you come in that name because he could operate when things are normal, when you are none the wiser. When you are ignorant of his devices and what is going on. when you begin to bring Jesus into the picture that that gets the devil really worked up. He He can't operate. He cannot function properly. When you bring Jesus into the picture, his his cell phone rings, his his signal gets jammed because Jesus is in the room. Anytime the father is in the room, miracles take place. Oh, Jericho walls are shaken. Oh, love is breaking through when the father is in the room. Oh, and I feel the father is here tonight. Jesus is here tonight. He's here to meet your need. He's here to set the captive free. He is here. All you have to do, like brother Gideon said tonight, is believe. Accept it. Receive it as a pardon. Because it is a pardon. You don't have to figure it out. Just believe when you call on his name. Likewise, if you someone to call on Jesus, isn't that right? It grabs his attention. He has to respond to that name. The name of Jesus, the Bible tells us, is above every name. When you speak that name, Jesus, you are summoning the highest power that exists in this entire world. Let me say that again in case you missed it. When you invoke, when you speak that name, you are summoning the highest power that exists in this entire world. He is above every judge. He's above every police officer. He's above every prime minister, above every president, above every throne, above every kingdom. And the best part, he is your father. Oh, do you know who you are tonight? You are sons and daughters of the king. Oh, cry out to your heavenly father and see if he won't answer you in a time of trouble. David said, "He will hide me in his pavilion. In a secret place, he shall hide me and he shall set me up upon a rock and now shall my head be lifted up above my enemies and above my foes." Jesus is the lifter up of my head. There shall no evil befall you. Neither shall any plague come nigh thy dwelling because thou has made the Lord which is thy God thy habitation. Oh make him your habitation tonight. Live in his presence. Walk in his presence. Invite his presence. Sing songs and spiritual psalms while you're in the maxi, while you're in the car, while you're carrying out the garbage, while you're paying that bill, stay in his presence. Pray. Cuz in his presence, when you're in his presence, you can ask him things. While you're having conversations with Jesus, in your quiet times, you can ask him things. You know, daddy, I was supposed to mention something that's going on with me today. I just wanted to let you know and I'm having trouble with something. Talk to your heavenly father and let him know what's on your heart. Let him know what's on your mind. Something came up today that's been bothering me a long time. Can you take uh these burdens from me? Can you take uh these troubles from me? How long haven't you spoken with your heavenly father? Have conversations with Jesus. And while you're on the line, let him know your trouble. While you're in conversations, mention those things that you haven't spoken to anyone else, that you're still healing from. Talk to Jesus. Jesus can help you. Jesus alone. I must tell Jesus all of my troubles. Oh, hallelujah. All of my burdens unto him my role tonight. Oh, can I get a little more in the monitors, please? Amen. In the back. Hallelujah. Oh my. So, do you love him? We're just talking about Jesus tonight. We're just praying that while we're talking, while we're speaking that he will come and make it real to you. I can't do it. We can't do it in our on our of ourselves. We are totally dependent on him tonight. Amen. Just a little more, please. Amen. Thanks. So that name is above every name. When you speak that name, you are speaking to the highest power that exists anywhere on this planet. He covers everything as far as Singapore, Japan, Antarctica. I don't care where you are. God is ruler over all things. He has been made ruler over all things. In heaven, in the earth, and under the earth, he is in charge of it all. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. What a mighty God we serve indeed. Hallelujah. So before God was was God, he was Elohim. Isn't that right? Before God was a Lord God, he was Elohim. He was a self-existent one. We talk about this all the time. But the point I want to make is that theology suggests that we need to identify him by a name. So we call him Elohim. We call him the self-existent one. But that name in itself doesn't really mean anything. It just identifies the fact and it just highlights the fact that he existed alone by himself. But there's no meaning we can really put to it because the name in itself means that he was undefined. He was indescribable. There was nothing we can relate to or nothing we can reference to him. He was alone by himself. In other words, there's no one else in the room. Just him and him alone. No other point of creation, no other point of contact, no other point of relevance, nothing else that we could relate or see him bigger than, smaller than or anything. He was just God by himself. Though he was not called God, so we had to call him something. So we call him Elohim in that state and condition. But really it is undefined. That's just the name we give him in that state. Uh but his desire was not to remain in that state. So he began to create things. And as he began to create things, as he began to create the angels and the prophet said as they began to worship him, then he became God. Now he has earned the rightful name God because he has subjects to worship him. Wherefore he where before he was undefined, now he is God. We give him the name God because he now is being worshiped because God means object of worship. Oh, and a lot of times we find that God in people's lives are undefined because they are not giving him worship. They are not giving him praise. They are not acknowledging him when they wake get out of bed in the morning. So he is undefined to them. But the moment you begin to raise up your hands, the moment you begin to say amen, the moment you begin to sing praises unto him, the moment you begin to pray, all of a sudden it changes. He becomes your God because you are worshiping him. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. And your worship now becomes to define him. He is your healer. He is your deliverer. He is your hallelujah, your breath, your sunshine. He is your all and all. He is the wheel in the middle of the wheel. He is my rock. He is my fortress. He is my God. In him will I trust. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. He is my deliverer. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's what we come to do tonight. We come to worship God. We come to give him praise, give him glory, give him honor, tell him who he is. Oh, because if you're not worshiping God, you're worshiping something else. If you can't come into the house of God and lift up your hands and give God praise, then you are worshiping something else. I'm not going to let no rock out praise me. I'm here to worship my God because he is my God in the valley. He is my God in the wilderness. He is my God. Oh, hallelujah. I've got a reason to shout. I've got a reason to praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] You might see me acting crazy on a Sunday or acting crazy on a Wednesday. I've got a story to tell. I'm a I've got a reason why I'm worshiping him. My son was at death's door sometime during COVID 20 2022. Isn't that right? And he got an infection and the church was praying for him. He had a lump on his neck and his body was twitching. The doctors didn't know what to do. They were getting to ready to rush him into an emergency. My wife was the only one that was allowed to be with him because of CO restrictions. And my wife called me one Friday evening and she told me, "Honey, I don't know what's going on, but the lump on his neck has disappeared. I don't know where it is. It has disappeared." And from that moment, my son begin to walk again. He begin to talk again. He begin to live again. You tell me I can't praise God. The devil is a liar. I will worship my God forever because what he's done for me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The devil is a liar. He can't get me to come in here with a long face. I've overcome by the blood of the lamb and by the word of his testimony. My son is alive because Jesus lives. The doctor couldn't do it. The hospital couldn't do it. But God did it. Oh, somebody better come get me. I won't let no rock out praise me. Devil lost the battle. He lost the battle. And he lost the battle tonight. Oh, hallelujah. is a mighty conqueror. If you need healing, he's still a healer. If you need deliverance, he can deliver. And if you need the Holy Ghost, he's going to pour fire into your hearts and burn the demons out of you and give you the Holy Ghost. He promised you the Holy Ghost to them that believe to them that obey him. You shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. This promise is unto you, unto your children, and as many as the Lord our God shall call. Then that call upon the name of the Lord, the same shall be saved. That's what my Bible tells me. Oh, hallelujah. Huh? So that's why God pass you through tests. to see that he is faithful to his promise. He let you eat the nails. He let you run through the thorns. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. But at the end, it's praises unto his glory to see how he works it out in the end. He always works it out. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And each one of us, I'm sure we have a testimony of how God broke through the darkness. The only reason we are here today or that our family member or whoever it was is here today because of the grace of God. because of his mercy. Because he still is who he says he is by his name and for his name's sake. Isn't that right? So before God was God, he was Elohim. Isn't that right? When he began to be worshiped, then he became God. Then his name changed. Then when he created the heavens and the earth and the things that there are and the sea and the things that there are, then he became the Lord God. Isn't that right? that has he made creation and man and animals and so over. Isn't that right? Amen. So that's how it changed. You see the name change based on the testimony of who he was. Isn't that right? Isn't that right? So if someone were to see you and not know your name, all we could say is that brother there or that sister there that does that thing on a Sunday or that brother that does that thing on a Wednesday. I don't know his name, but that's what he does. We if we don't know your name, then all we could talk about is what you do. Isn't that right? If we don't know how to call you, then all we could talk about is your testimony. But I don't know that brother's name, but I know he's always praising God. I don't know that sister's name, but when she comes to church, she makes a lot of noise. She needs a lot of elbow room because she's got a fire that nobody can control. She's got a fire that God put in there that the devil can't take out. She's been through some rough mountains and some deep valleys, but she knows that her God is real. And when she lifts her hands up and she prays to her father, she knows that father is hearing to hear what she has to say, she has all confidence just like Esther to go into the presence of the king. And she knows her father will hold out a scepter for her and give her an audience. Whatever you want up to half my kingdom because he loves you and you are his child. You are his servant. You have an audience with God because of who you are. And you could use that name. Aba father. You could use that name. Praise God. Because of your relationship with this Lord God. Isn't that right? Oh my. So if someone was to say, "Who is that?" They would say, "That brother, that sister, identify you by your works." Well, then God was so mysterious that coming down through all the ages, all people could really do was identify God by his own works. But there was no name that they could give to him in that sense. He was just the God of Abraham. He was just the God that was with Isaac. If you know Abraham and if you know his testimony, then I am the God that spoke to Abraham. I am the God that spoke to Isaac. I am the God that spoke to Jacob. I am that God that was with Joseph. Hallelujah. Oh, I am that same God tonight. I am the God that healed the sick. I am the God that spoke and I am the God that revealed mystery and vision. I am the God that shook the earth. I am the God that raise up mountains. I am the God that bring down kingdoms. I am the God that crushed the hand of Pharaoh in the lives of the people. I am that God. I am the mighty God that come down on the mountain. Oh, that shook the mountain. The mighty God, the ring of fire, the power that they felt, the voice that made them tremble. I am that God tonight. That God is here tonight. That God, you might not be able to see him, but his pillar of fire, his mighty fire, his mighty presence, his mighty spirit surrounds the whole earth with his glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. That God is here. Hallelujah. And he has veiled, all of his might, all of his terror, all of his powerl into his word. And when we hear the word of God, it is that same thundercloud speaking to us, anointing us, inspiring us. No wonder when we come into the house of God and we hear the word of God, we are revived. We feel lifted. We feel burdens lifted. Why? Because that power and that glory is in the word giving you a charge. Jesus said, "My words, they are spirits and they are life." Oh, hallelujah. Isn't that right? Oh, one day this word going to turn the spirit and life in you. Then the thing that you are trying to achieve, the spirit of God is going to come over you and give birth to a new thing in your soul and life. And that thing will be called Jesus Christ. The same yesterday, the same today, and the same forever. Hallelujah. He didn't give out his name. He didn't really give out his name. Ask him who he was. I am the God of thy fathers. Mysterious prophet said never giving out his mystery in full. But in every prophet was a shadow was a type of who he was in David. He was the shepherd in David. Oh, hallelujah. Isn't that right? Oh, he was a prophet in Samuel. He was this. He was that. Always a a shadow and a type of who he was. Coming all down through the ages. He remained mysterious. Though showing a little bit of himself, every step of the way, hallelujah. But we didn't see the whole of him. It was just a part here, a piece there, a mystery revealed here, and a revelation shown there. But but never the whole thing. Never being able to see the whole picture. Isn't that right? So we only know by the testimony of his works. Isn't that right? Praise God. And when Moses Moses when he asked, he said, "Who shall I say sent me?" What Moses was really saying was, "Lord, you've told me all these things." Remember, he was at the burning bush having a conversation with God. After years of searching, after years of questions over his own life, he was finally in contact with this supernatural being called God who had called his life for a purpose. But up until that time, he had a lot of questions. But in five minutes, God was able to answer every question that he ever had about his life before that time, even up until that moment. And here's Moses asking a question now. And what he's really saying is, "Lord, you've told me all these things, but I don't know how to identify you. I don't know what to call you because when I go down to Egypt, they're going to ask me who sent you, and I don't know what answer to tell them. I've met you. I've heard your voice. I've felt your presence. I've seen your fire for myself. Oh, but I don't know what to call you. What? Who shall I say has sent me to give this message to Pharaoh? Who shall I explain? How am I supposed to put words to what I'm feeling right now? I just received a presence. I was just at the altar. I was just on my knees. Something happened in my soul. Something happened in my body. I can't explain it. What do I say? give me the words to speak or do I tell the people that he is real, that he has a name. And God told Moses, "Tell them I am that I am. That I am that I am that I am. I am that I am." That name doesn't end. Oh, you have to tell God what he is to you. That I am that. Do you need a healer? I am that. Do you need deliverance? I am that. Do you need a breakthrough? I am. That I am. That I am. That I am. That I am. And he is here tonight. That I am is still here tonight. That I am is here to fill you. That I am is here to fill you with the Holy Ghost. Is there to seal you. Is there to mend your broken heart. I am that I am. That I am that I am. [Music] He's still the I am today. Just as sure as he was when he spoke it to Moses thousands of years ago, he's still the I am today. He's still that same God today. doing the same things he did back then. He's still doing the same things tonight. Our God omnipotent reign it. Do you believe it tonight? My time is running along. Let me just hurry up here. I am that I am. It doesn't end until you ask what you need. Then that is what he becomes. He causes himself to become whatever you have need of by his own name. Oh my. So what is the significance of a name? Now the act of naming as far as the Bible goes and we see it all through the Bible in different shadows and types that the act of naming is an act of authority. The act of naming someone or something is usually done in an act of authority or power. When a name is given, the giver of the name is actually asserting dominance. He's asserting control over what he is naming over whoever he is naming. Isn't that right? He is asserting power over it. A level of authority is actually being exercised. Amen. You need an example in Genesis. We find that when God brought all of the animals before Adam, he as brought the animals before him, the Bible said to see what name he would give to them. Here was a son that was in the Garden of Eden in position as a son of God placed by God in the garden as CEO over all of the domain of earth. Amen. Here is a son in position now exercising his authority over the animals that God had created. Adam himself did not create the animals. God created the animals. But it was Adam's job now to give these animals a name because up until that time, these beasts, these fowls of the air, these birds, these fish of the sea, they had no name. They were just beasts and fowls and they were just created things. So now God leave out left a specific portfolio for his son to fulfill and to give a name to every creature that was created. Isn't that right? And Adam in his authority, in his dominance, in his power, in his office is now signing off, signing off, signing off executive orders. This one shall be named that. this shall be named that and what God said whatever name he named it was the name thereof from that time since Adam named the animals to this time now that name has remained the same that is the kind of authority that Adam had whatever name he gave was the name thereof many many amen that kind of authority is what is coming back in the sons of God is what is coming back in the church of God in the last days. Whatever you do that with that is what it shall be. So, isn't that right? It shall be done. Amen. Your check is as good. Your signature is as good as your father's. Oh, and if you pronounce healing, then healing is yours. If you pronounce deliverance and deliverance is yours. The prophet said she does it in his name. Oh, she will have his potentials. Whatever she does, God will back it up. Oh, hallelujah. with the authority of God behind it. Oh hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. So this is a son in position in his display of power and authority. He is now doing something about his position. He is fulfilling his right as a son of God to name God's own creation and to give them a name thereof. And whatever name they got was a name that remained forever. Isn't that right? So, it's it's an act of authority to speak a name over someone. Parents perform an act of authority when they speak a name over their children. When they give their sons or their daughters a name, it's a way it's a it's a demonstration of their authority over the child. They are actually prophesying over the child. They are releasing a spirit upon them. That's why it's very important what name you give to them because whatever name you give to them is will be the name thereof. Amen. So be careful. Prophet used to talk about Ricky or something like that. I think he said in a message he said why would people children give their name? Why would parents give children a name like that? And he went on to explain that the name Ricky means rat or something or some kind of uh file thing. And he said, "You got to be real careful what names you give to your children because every behind every name has a spirit. It has a life has a testimony behind that name. Behind the name Joseph, behind the name Joshua has got a spirit. It's got a life. It's got an attribute behind it. So be careful what name you give." The act of naming is a very a very important thing. People call it a light thing, but but but it's very important. So you go around calling your dog Hitler. You know what do you expect when Hitler bites the neighbor? It's kind of your fault. So the act of naming, you see, it's also an act of prophesying. The name is like a prophecy. Amen. Isn't that right? And what does it mean to prophesy? To prophesy means to testify of an experience or to foretell of something that is fixing to take place. So when God announces or proclaims a name, sometimes he might even change a name. We know that. Isn't that right? We've seen many name changes throughout the scripture. And that acts as like a prophecy over the individual to whom he's changing the name. There once was something, but now there's something else. They once was Saul, but now they turn to Paul. They once was Jacob, but now they're Israel. They once was Abram, but now they're Abraham. It announces a change of season. Oh, hallelujah. And it's as a prophecy. Every time you utter that name, you are prophesying over them what the promise of God is over their life. Oh, hallelujah. Isn't that right? So when Abram's name was changed to Abraham that meant he was father of nations that meant every time God called Abraham name he is prophesying over him Abraham. Abraham the prophecy of the father of nations is being spoken over him. It's being breathed over him every time he calls his name. Do you get it now? Amen. Joseph needs to add. So every time you call his name, that prophecy keep calling. Every time his father call him Joseph, Joseph, what do you think is happening? Prophecy is going out. This is the one who is going to come to bring profit, to add, to increase. Praise God. Isn't that right? And sooner or later, that prophecy took place. Praise God. It's always like an act of prophecy to breathe something over the individual to speak over them a name, a new name. Isn't that right? And in heaven has a book of names also. Isn't that right? And each name there is like a prophecy. It has a life in it. Has a spirit behind it. And it is in the form of a seed. The word of God. Oh, hallelujah. A word that is connected to it that must come forth in its time and in its season. What are you saying preacher? There is a book tonight that it is in the hands of the angel and in that name book is every name that was supposed to come forth in 2025 and in that name is a prophecy. It has a life and it has a spirit connected to it. Oh that in their time in their season oh hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah it's going to come forth and the prophet said your name is not leave or all rabbits. Oh, it doesn't say that. It just shows a mystery of what the book is while it is calling those names. So when the mystery is being preached, there's a prophecy, there's a life, there's a spirit being spoken out and somebody's going to respond because that is their name. [Music] Oh, do you get it now? Are you connecting the dots now? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Your name is written there before the foundation of the world. That is what the devil is trying to fight all along. Fight you from seeing your name. Written in the lamb's book of life. Fight you from seeing your name in the book of redemption. A book of names. Names that cannot be erased. Names that cannot be taken out. Because Jesus with his own precious blood wrote your name down. He took his own blood and wrote your name. Not leave, not all Roberts, but the mystery of what the book is while it is calling those names. Oh, it just shows a mystery and something released and catches you by revelation because that holy thing in you was predestinated to respond to that name to respond to that mystery when it is being preached. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Glory. Glory. Amen. But Brandham said here on Jehovah Gyra. Now when Abraham's Isaac was born, of course he called him Isaac, which was a promised one. God had promised Abraham had changed his name from Abraham to Abraham. He was going to make him a father of nations. And in that line, the prophet said he is the father of Germany. He is the father of America and the father of Sweden, of everywhere. He is the father of nations. Oh, because God said so. Abraham, the father of nations. He's the father over everything. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are the children of Abraham. Seed, royal seed of Abraham tonight. According to the prophecy, the prophet said he was going to take his boy and he was going to through him bless all of the nations. You see what he was? He was a type of Christ. Born the impossible way. Talking about Isaac. Born the impossible way. The only son of the father. And in every way he typed Christ. Prophet said on Isa as I was with Moses. He said Jacob when he was born being a twin she called him a suppler. Jacob. But when he had got his overcoming power and wrestled with an angel, God changed his name from Jacob to Israel. a prince. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Because of our experience that he had. Oh, it announced a change of season. He couldn't carry that old name anymore. Oh, God. Give him a new name to prophesy over him. The promise that he g to him. The victory that he had won through his wrestling, through his ri, through his crying, through his perseverance all night long, God gave him a victory. And I believe God wants to give us a victory tonight by your wrestling, by your praying, by your perseverance, by your coming to church. Regardless of how you feel, every Sunday, every Wednesday, through the victory, God's going to give you announce a change of season in your life. Oh, breathe a prophecy over you. Amen. Amen. Amen. That name has something to do with your life. He said when Peter a fisherman had overcome by his faith in Jesus, he said your name is Simon, but I'm going to call you Peter which is a rock. He prophet said it changes you. He said your name has something to do with it and your placement in life. Oh hallelujah. He's going deeper now. Oh, he's talking about your position, your place. God has a place for you and it's according to the name that he has given you. Oh, isn't that right? Each one of us has a name. There's something that we have to claim. Isn't that right? God raised up the Lutheran to bring forth justification. He brought up the Wesian to bring forth sanctification. He's got a place for us tonight. It's not only justification. It's not only sanctification, but it is perfection. So in that name is a promise of perfection. And God is going to place you, the true church of God, in perfection so that you could call up the dead in Christ. There's a place for you. God has a name for you. He's going to fulfill you by that name. Fulfill his promise to you. Isn't that right? Amen. And your placement in life. He said, "And when this great thing taken place, when each of these Hebrew mothers, he said, in the travailing of child birth called out like Reuben," he said, and that placed them positionally in Palestine. They weren't there yet. But he said the mothers when they were travailing in birth giving birth to these sons when they cried out Reuben that placed them he said that placed them positionally in the Palestine exactly the way that the mother said and called his name said it he said I don't have it all wrote down here but he said Ruben meant shape hurder he said God meant cattle raiser Ephraim meant corn raiser and so on he said and now by spiritual discernment Joshua the newly leader. He said by spiritual discernment he placed each one where they belonged by the name that was given to them through birth and travail of their mother. Amen. Isn't that right? Place each one where he belong and divided the land just exactly. God had a purpose in naming them and God raised up Joshua to fulfill that purpose. Years later, years and decades later, isn't that right? And the prophet said, "A very beautiful type today." And we in the adoption season now. And he said, "And what we need is a Joshua for today." Who is Joshua today? The Holy Spirit. He said, "Joshua today." And he said, "The trouble today is that when we come into our promised land, he said God want to raise sheep like a Ephraim." He said, "And one want to raise something like the other." He said, "And every man want to be the same." Isn't that right? Every man want to be a evangelist or every man want to be a apostle or this or that. Isn't that right? He said but let God give one man a gift of healing. He said and every man want a gift of healing. Ephraim and God and all of them want to mix. All of them want to become one. He said but we're divided by our position. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Divided only by our position we are divided. Isn't that right? Praise God. We still have the love of God for each other. We still exercise brotherly kindness. But you've got to find your place in the word. Not do what somebody else is doing or try to do what some other sister is doing. They've got their place. You've got to find yours. The Bible said, "Make your calling and your election sure. It is an individual affair. You are not responsible for anybody else's position. You have to mind your business. Make sure and mind your business and let them mind theirs. Do you get it now? All right. Good. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. So by spiritualism. Isn't that right? We are divided by opposition and all don't have a gift of wisdom. All don't have prophecy. All don't speak into with tongues. All are not prophets. But God has set in the church some that prophesy. Some that speak with tongues, we want to make them all speak in tongues. See, but he said, see how the confusion will be. He said, but then you can't get nowhere. Well, the Philistines would take over then in a little bit. He said sure. But he said when each man by a leader who separated them by spiritual discernment and placed them into the body there they remained and become the cream of the earth. Showing full well that God could only bless you when you are in your position. When you are in your chair that was assigned for you. That's the only time that God will bless you when you're where he needs you to be. It might be in the valley. It might be in the wilderness, but if that's where he wants me to be, then that's where I'll be. Take the lower seat. Don't take the high seat just in case you get displaced when someone higher comes to sit in that seat. Oh, that Jesus taught us to take the lower seat so that when you are called to the front, God's going to put you in your seat. in your chair. The chair that was designed for you to sit in. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. He that overcome will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I have overcome and set with my father in his throne to overcome and God will place you positionally. Isn't that right? God give us a Joshua. The prophet said, "God give us back a Joshua that will hold the commission with the word." And we believe he will do that in due season. Isn't that right? Praise God. Amen. So, let me hurry along here now. Wow. Time is already fast spent, but do you get it now? God is known by his testimony. He's known by his testimony through the prophets. Isn't that right? And there's a reason why God is called Jehovah Gyra. Because the testimony of Abraham when he went to the mountain to obey God's commandment and to offer up his only son, the angel stops Abraham and says, "Now I know that you love me." He called him twice out of heaven. He said,"Abraham, Abraham, hold your hand. Now I know that you love me, and in blessing I will bless thee. In multiplying I will multiply thy seed." And when Abraham looked, he saw a ram that was caught in the thicket. And Genesis 22:14 said, "And Abraham called the name of that place, Jehovah Gyra." As it is said to this day, in the mouth of the Lord, it shall be seen God had provided for himself a sacrifice. And he is called Jehovah Gyra because he provided a a substitute. He provided a ram in the thicket. He provided a substitute for us today in the form of Jesus Christ who taught it not a robbery to be equal with God. Oh, but suffered all things, who suffered crucifixion, even the cross that he might be offered up once for sin at all time. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Isn't that right? And he is called Jehovah Gyra today because of the testimony of Abraham. how he had proved himself to Abraham on the mountain. That is how he got the name Jehovah Gyra. It's not just a loose h wild thing. We don't just call him Jehovah Gyra because we think we know what he is. We call him that because he had proved himself to be just that. Gyra, a provider. And when you walk the street, he is a provider. He is Jehovah Gyra. When you are on your job, he is Jehovah Gyra. He is providing for you. Your money is not coming from your boss. It is God that give the boss money to give to you. He is the one that is providing. He is the one that is giving. He is the one that is raising you up. He is the one that will promote you when the time is right. He is Jehovah Gyra. He is taking care of all of your needs. He is continuing to improve to prove himself over and over to be exactly what he said he was years and ages ago. Isn't that right? He's still the same today. Isn't that right? God prove himself. Isn't that right? To be Jehovah Rafa. To be Jehovah Missy. Isn't that right? I'll skip down through there. We have all the quotes and everything for it, but time is already fast spent. But you get the picture. Amen. God is many things. Isn't that right? And all the way down through the scripture, the name of God is connected to his testimony. The God of David, the God of Samuel the prophet, the God of Daniel, but his name remain a mystery. There's no name. That's just the God of his testimony and the promise. He gave his name Jehovah. Jehovah Rafa, Jehovah Nissi. Seven compound names. But but but but still not giving his mystery in full. just as a type and a shadow and a type and a shadow. Isn't that right? Until we come to Isaiah and Isaiah 53. In Isaiah, he speaks here under inspiration. And we know that this outlines the coming Messiah that is promised to come and take the sin of the world. Isn't that right? Isaiah 53 said, "Who had believed our report? And to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry ground. He hath no form, nor comeliness. And when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. Oh, hallelujah. He is despised and rejected of men, a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief. And when we and we hid as it as it were ourselves from him, he was despised and we esteemed him not. Surely he had bought our griefs. He had carried our sorrows. And yet we did esteem him stricken and smitten of God and afflicted. He was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him and by his stripes we are healed. Oh, doesn't that testify of my Jesus tonight? Oh, hallelujah. and no beauty that we should desire, but a revelation in our hearts as to who that man is that walked the streets of Jerusalem, that heal the sick, that raised the dead, that cast out devils. Hallelujah. It took a revelation to see who that man was. Because the great men of the day, the great influencers of that day, the great YouTubers, the great Facebookers of that day would have told you a completely different story. They would have painted that man in your mind as a beelub, as a heretic. They would have paved painted that man as a madman, as a as a crazy prophet, as some kind of a wild man, as someone who doesn't know what he's talking about or doesn't know what he's doing. But if you ever come to a service one time, if you ever encounter Jesus one time, you might have a different story because what they were saying about him was totally different from what that man really was. And when you meet him, we him for yourself, not what someone else says. But when you meet him, when you have an encounter with this man, Jesus, oh your walk is going to be different, your talk is going to be different because in that name, oh is a name that is above every other name. Oh, there was no other name. No other man walked like that man. No other man spoke like that man. No other man had authority like that man. He spake as one having authority. He said, "Peace, be still." And the storm rolled up and went away. He had power over the elements, power over the demons, power over the devils, and he still has power today. I challenge you tonight. Lift up your hands and cry out the name of Jesus and see if God don't rescue you. See, if God don't do the same things that he promised he would do in his word, he is the same yesterday. He is the same today. He's the same forever. He is the same Jesus. I was crucified and hung on a tree. He was rejected, killed, murdered on a cross. His blood poured out for us because he loved us and he made a way for us to come to perfection. He made a way for us as many as as loved him. To them he called and he given them the power to become the sons of God. Amen and amen. Do you believe that? Amen. And this scripture layers prophecy from the time Isaiah spoke it for about 700 years since he had spoken it. That word layers prophecy. Oh, hallelujah. Was wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquities, chastisement of our peace. They were just nice words on a scroll from the prophet Isaiah. But there was no one to manifest those words. There was no person that ever come forth to live the words of that scripture. So that scripture remained a scripture. That scripture remained a mystery as to who this man was, as to who would come and fulfill this. There was no one worthy to fulfill this. There was no one righteous to fulfill this. There was no one with power to fulfill this. No one with authority for to fulfill this. Isn't that right? All of a sudden, here comes Luke 1:26. And the angel came to her, talking about Mary, and he said, "Hail, thou art highly favored. The Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou amongst women." Oh, hallelujah. Don't care how many Marys there were in that time. God had a predestinated Mary to bring forth the mystery of Jesus Christ in that time and in that hour. And I don't care how many churches, how many brides there has been. There must come one. tonight will fulfill Jesus Christ in their hour, in their season, and in their time. Yes, I'm looking at you tonight. You are the words of the book to fulfill prophecy. Oh, hallelujah. Think it not strange. You are who you are tonight. God has raised us up for such a time as this. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Right with me. Are you almost finished? When she saw him, she was troubled at his saying and she cast in her mind, "What manner of salutation is this?" Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. We do the same thing when we see the word speak to us. Tell us we are healed. Tell us we are delivered. Tell us we are restored. It blows your mind because you didn't think for a million years God would think of you that way. But I ask you a question. Where was thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? When the morning stars sang together, and when the sons of God shouted for joy, you were there. And God wrote your name in the lamb's book of life. And your name has Holy Ghost in it. Your name power in it. Your name of perfection promises laid up for you. Think it not strange tonight. What manner of salutation is this? Oh, God sent an angel to herald Mary. And God has sent his angel. He sent us a prophet to call you out of darkness, to call you out of Laudisia, and to announce the Christ that's going to be veiled in your hearts, in the manger of your hearts. Oh, hallelujah. And the angel said unto her, "Fear not, Mary, for thou has found favor with God. Fear not, bride of Christ. You have found favor with God. And behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and his name shall be called Jesus, and he shall be great, and he shall be called the son of the highest, the Lord God, and shall give unto him the throne of his father David. And he shall reign over the house of Jacob forever. and his kingdom there shall be no end. Oh, this is the word of the angel. Do you receive it [Applause] tonight? Then said Mary unto the angel, how shall this be? See, and I know no man. And the angel answered and said unto her, "The Holy Ghost, the Holy Ghost, the Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the highest shall overshadow thee, and all that holy thing that shall be born of thee shall be called the son of God. You are promised a glorious, wonderful baptism of the Holy Ghost and fire." Yes, I'm looking at you tonight. And that holy thing shall be born in you. Oh, hallelujah. The Holy Ghost shall come upon you. Oh, and shall burn in you. The gift of God, which is Jesus Christ. Oh, he's going to live in you. He's going to put on your tie, your clothes, your dress. He's going to live in your flesh. Oh, that is your promise today. Oh my my my keep on riding. We're almost finished. Hallelujah. My my a name above all names. My and he told he said he also told him behold thy cousin Elizabeth she has also conceived a son in her old age and this is the sixth month with her. She was called barren but now she is 6 months with a child. The angel said because for God nothing shall be impossible. This is the same thing that God told Abraham. He told him your your wife shall surely have a child for nothing shall be impossible. Oh, it's the same God saying the same things that he spoke to Abraham. He came and told Mary for God with God nothing shall be impossible and that God is saying the same things tonight whatever condition whatever situation whatever problem you're facing with God nothing shall be impossible God is going to fill you I don't care what sin you have committed with God nothing shall be impossible I don't care how lost you feel I don't care how depressed you feel I I don't care how frustrated you feel with God. Nothing shall be impossible. God is able tonight to break the chains of the enemy, to break the chains of Lucifer. Let my people go. Hallelujah. Glory. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Woo. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm almost finished. And Mary said, "Behold the handmade of the Lord. Be it unto me according to thy word." And that's what we say tonight. Be it unto me according to thy word. The Bible said the angel departed from her. Musician, get ready to come and Mary arose in those days. The Bible says she went into the hill with with with in hill countries with haste and she went into the city of Judah and she entered into the house of Zacharas and saluted Elizabeth. And it came to pass that when Elizabeth heard the salutation of Mary, when she heard the words, when she heard the message of that angel, the baby in her womb, which was John and Elizabeth, the baby leaped in her womb. And the Bible said, and Elizabeth was filled with the Holy Ghost. As soon as that message was released, a revival take place. Elizabeth was filled with the Holy Ghost. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. My my my my Oh. Oh. Hallelujah. Woo. I feel a revival is coming down the line. We have received the words of the angel. And that holy thing shall be born in you. Oh, receive it the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He is releasing his power. [Music] And she spake with a loud voice Elise. And she testified filled with the Holy Ghost. She said, "Blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb. And when is this unto me that the mother of my Lord should come to me? For lo, at the voice of thy salutation, sounded in my ears. The baby has leaped for joy. And blessed is she that believe it." That's you here tonight. Blessed is she that believeth, for there shall be a performance of those things which were told to her by the Lord. Oh, it shall be. There shall be a revival. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Oh my, oh my. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Do you believe it tonight? Oh, you're going to stand. I'm going finish. Christ with his own blood as a high priest anointed with the power of God. He raised from the dead and tore down the dominion of Satan. And as he broke that domain, he went through the heavens. Beyond the heavens. The prophet said he went beyond the heavens. You can begin to stand. And he was come to the lowest on the earth. And he was received up into heaven. And God set him on a pinnacle until he has to look down to see heaven so high is this man called Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Has to look down to see heaven. He said, "Amen." He said, "No wonder. He is the mighty conqueror. He stands yonder today in that domain forever and ever. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Isaiah said unto us a son is born and unto us a child is given and his name shall be called counselor, prince of peace, mighty God, the everlasting father and of his domain there shall be no end. Forever and ever. He will reign on the throne of David, seated in the heavens far above. Every angel, archangel, principality, and power, he tore it down and spoiled it at his crucifixion and his resurrection. Everything that Satan had, Jesus tore it down. He broke through the veil of sin. He tore it apart with the high priest blood of his own body. Oh, hallelujah. It was a veil, a veil of sickness that was held over the people. The prophet said he tore it apart for he was wounded for our transgressions and by his stripes we were healed. He went through the great veil under. Begin to play something softly. Oh, hallelujah. The great veil of sin. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Isn't that right? Went through the great veil of worry. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. I enter the presence of holies. Oh hal. He went through that veil of worry. He went through that veil of fear. He tore through every one of them down and ascended so high and received the name that is above every name that named in the heavens above or in the earth below or in a world to come. God took that lovely one who stooped down so low that even he didn't have a place to be born or a place to die. But God exalted him on high and gave him a crown of glory under a name that is above every name. And there he sits today and we say tonight a mighty conqueror. There he sits tonight. A mighty conqueror. He rent every veil into the veil of sin was rent into. The veil of sickness was rent into the veil that kept you away from God. That veil was rent into. I am the way. I am the truth. I am the life. I am the door. He broke every power. He scattered every devil. Hallelujah. And he made a search light from glory. From that day on, I am finished tonight. Lift up your hands. That Jesus is here tonight. The same one, the same conqueror, the mighty conqueror. He tore every veil tonight. I don't care what's holding you back from the presence of God. He tore that veil tonight to make a way. Not just for you, but for your children. He made a way. Why don't you uh under the sound of my voice, begin to cry out, begin to speak that name, begin to call upon the name of Jesus, that name that is above every other name. He's here to deliver. He's here to restore. He's here to baptize. He's here to fill you with the Holy Ghost. I need somebody to help me worship tonight. I need somebody to cry out. Oh, just begin to pray right now. Just begin to call right now. Just begin to plead right now. You begin to call upon that name, Jesus. He is here to meet your need. He is here to make your set you free. He is here to set the captive free. He's here to break the yoke. He's here to break the fatter. He's here to break the chains. Oh, hallelujah. Lift up your hands. Give the Lord a shout. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Believe unto God. Don't you have a doubt tonight. Oh, God bless you. Hallelujah. Oh, I worship you, Lord. Yes. Yes. Yes. You worship him. Yes. Yes. Yes. Cry out to him. Yes. Yes. Yes. Worship him. Close your eyes. The angel is here. His presence is here. His power is here. His glory is here. Oh, reverence the presence of that angel tonight. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hallelujah. Oh sh He is the mighty God. You pray, you press, you press away. Say, Lord, I need you. Lord, I want you. Lord, I'm desperate for you tonight. I need you in my heart. I need you in my life. I need you in my soul. I can't live without you. I can't make it without you. I can't make it without you. I can't make it without you. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Press your way to life. Oh, hallelujah. Yes. [Music] Yes. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, glory. Oh, the anointing. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, if you need the Holy Ghost, cry out for the Holy Ghost. If you need a healing, cry out for the healing. If you don't feel his presence, I challenge you to lift your hands. If you don't feel nothing, just lift your hands and just thank him and just worship him and just praise him. Just tell him all that he is. Just surrender to the presence of God that is in the building now. He is here. Oh, let's acknowledge him. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. I love you, Lord, because you had heard my voice. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Oh glory. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh your name is your name is holy so holy. Oh for your name is God bless you. the [Music] glory for your name is holy so be for your name for your name for your name is Holy, holy, holy, holy Jesus, Lord for your name. For your name. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, thank you Jesus. Lord, sing it one more time. I [Music] enter. I enter the holies of holy my angel through the blood of the [Music] lamb. I enter to worship you. [Music] Your blood and I worship. Oh Lord, I worship you. I worship you. Oh Lord, I I worship you. [Music] for so [Music] you know for your name for your [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] name for your name for your [Music] Jesus. As the music plays, you just close your eyes, raise your hands on top tape this evening. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Just pray this evening. Raise your voices. Tell him how much he means to you. Call upon the name of Jesus this evening. He's your father. He's your savior. He's your healer. He's your redeemer. Whatever you have need of this evening, that is what he is. Thank you, Jesus. Oh yes, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Lord. Oh, just give him praise. Just give him praise. Thank him for the word this evening. Thank you for your word, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you for your presence this evening. Thank you for your love towards your people this evening, Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, that name above every other name this evening. Oh, there's power in the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, glory to God. This is my desire to honor you, Lord, with all my heart. Lord with all my heart I worship you. Oh S. All I have within me I give you praise. All that I adore singing, all that I adore is in you, oh Lord. Lord, I give you. Say, Lord, I give you. Make it a praising thing. Oh, we give it back unto the Lord. Dedicate your heart to him this evening. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, every breath that I take every morning. Oh, when I'm awake, oh Lord, just this is my desire singing. This is my to honor you. I Lord with all my heart I worship you. [Music] You say all I have within me. I give you praise. Give you praise. Oh, all that I know say that I adore is in you. Oh yes, Lord. He's the name above every name this evening. Oh yes Lord. Oh Lord I give you my heart. [Music] Oh. Yes Lord Jesus. I live for you Lord. Every breath that I take. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Lord, I give you Oh, Lord, I give you my heart. Thank you, [Music] Jesus. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, glory to God. [Applause] [Music] your way with me, [Music] Lord. With me, oh Lord, have your way with me. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, that's our desire this evening, Father. Oh, blessed be your holy name, Lord. Blessed be your holy name. Blessed be the name of the Lord Jesus. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Savior. Thank you, Savior. Amen. Amen. As get ready to be in your presence, that's why I'm strong. So brothers, get ready to come forward. That's where I'm strong in your Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be your name, Lord. Oh Lord, my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. seeking your face, touching your grace in the cliff of the [Music] earth. Hallelujah. In your presence. Oh, as the music plays, let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we pause to pick up the tithes and offering. Thank you for your word this evening. Thank you for your love towards us. Bless your people, Lord, as they would give. And Lord, those who may not have at this time, provide for them. And Lord, may it be used all for your honor and glory. Blessed and sanctified, we ask it in Jesus name. Thanks be. Amen. Brothers can come forward. Seeking your face, touching your grace in the cleft of the right, oh Lord, in your presence, oh Lord. Blessing of this me. I want to go where the rivers where the rivers cannot overflow me. Where my feet where my I'm on the rock on the rock. I want to hide where the cares of this world. I want to hide where the gu cannot choke me cannot choke me in the presence. In your presence, oh God. Oh, in your feet. That's [Music] where. Oh, hide us in your presence this evening, Lord. Oh Lord, my God, in your in your presence, oh Lord, I that's where I belong. seeking your face. Oh, touching your grace in the gl of the earth. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, give him praise. Give him praise. Raise your hands and praise him. Give him praise this evening. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. [Applause] Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you Savior. Seeking your face. touching your grace and the [Music] fl glory to God in your presence. Oh Lord, thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. You love the Lord this evening. You appreciate him this evening. Oh, you love the name of Jesus. Does he mean more to you this evening? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, give him a hand of praise this evening. Tell him how much you love him this evening. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you. It has washed me white. It has washed me well. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. brought me from He brought me from the darkness into glorious light. Thank you Jesus. Thank you for the blood applied for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. It has washed me white. Thank you Jesus. You You have saved my life. You have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness. Darkness fit to glory. One more time. Oh, sing him. Thank you Jesus for the blood of Thank It has washed me wine. It has washed me wine. Oh, thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into glorious light. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus. Oh hallelujah. It has washed me white. Oh, thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into glory. Oh, do you feel that way tonight? Give him praise. Give him praise. Thank him. Just take a moment to thank him this evening. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes Lord, you have washed me right. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my [Music] life. You brought me from the darkness into glory. Can we sing it one more time? Oh, sing thank you for the blood of [Music] blood. Oh, it has washed me wine as wash. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, you have saved my life. brought me from the darkness into glorious light. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. You appreciate the service this evening. Hallelujah. I appreciate God's servant, brother Anthony. Amen. What a blessing. What a blessing. Amen. Thank you, Lord. The name that name above every name, even Jesus. Amen. There's power in the name. Amen. Amen. Thank God for using his servant this evening and being a blessing to all of us. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise one more time. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Just before we pray, Amen. Uh, let me just say the announcements one time. Uh, service continues on Sunday, tomorrow at 8:00 a.m. Amen. Not 10:00 a.m., but 8:00 a.m. All right. And there will be service on on Wednesday at tabernacle at 8:00 p.m. Amen. But on Friday, there's no Zoom service. Amen. Uh, after service on Sunday, there will be the brunch tomorrow. Amen. So come and have fellowship with your brothers and sisters. Amen. Your your church family. Amen. I I believe that registrations are closed off now. Amen. But come tomorrow. Amen. And have a wonderful time with your brothers and sisters in the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Amen. So let's just bow our heads and close our eyes. We are so grateful to have been here tonight. Amen. Thank you Jesus. Bless him. uh in the cross. My glory F. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are so grateful to have been here tonight, Lord, to have to hear what we have heard, Lord, and to see what we've seen, Father. Blessed are our eyes to see and our ears to hear, Father. Lord God, we overed, Lord, by your name and by the power in your name, Father. Lord, we'll never be the same again. May we look at the name differently, Lord. Oh God, Father, Lord, may you continue, Lord, to magnify that name, Lord. Lord, oh God, there's healing in that name, Father. There's deliverance in that name. There's a Holy Ghost in that name. Whatever we have need of is in the name of Jesus. Oh God, all the seven compound names of the Old Testament is wrapped up in the name of Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Father. know the name Lord whereby we shall be saved where we can be redeemed by the name Jesus. Father Lord we thank you Lord for your servant this evening your precious servant brother Anthony O'Brien Lord we pray you bless him 100fold Lord for the labor of love Lord and we thank you Lord God for your son Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord our hearts believe in us Lord as you spoke for us through that vessel this evening. Father, Lord, continue, Lord, to bless him and hide him behind Calvar's cross. Lord, we thank you for the word today, Lord. May it find a resting place in our hearts. And may we ponder on what we have heard and meditate day and night, Lord. And may your spirit fill and refill your people, dear God. Father, Lord, we bring our pastor, Lord, before you, Lord. Continue, Lord, to hide him, Lord, behind Calvary, Lord, wherever he is, Lord, at the meetings, Father. Lord, we pray you bless him and bless the meetings, Father, and your people, Lord Jesus. Father, we pray you bless the entire church, Lord God. Lord, we pray you bless your servant, brother Isaac also, Lord God. May your spirit be with him, Father. Bring them back safely at the appointed time, Father. Lord, we commit everything now into your hands, Father, as the people would leave to go home, Lord, but not from your presence. Go with us, protection and guidance, Lord, and bring us back tomorrow morning at 8:00 a.m. to praise and worship you, Lord. Lord, bless the service tomorrow. We commit everything into your hands, Father. Lord, we thank you for these special meetings. We thank you for this Easter weekend, Lord Jesus. Lord, where we celebrate, Lord, the resurrection of Jesus Christ, death, burial, and resurrection, Father, it's mean so much to us, Father. Lord, bless your people, Lord. We love you with all our hearts, Father. And Lord, may you inscribe that name of Jesus in our hearts, Father. We thank you, Lord God. Have your perfect way. We ask it. In Jesus name we ask it. Praise God. And amen and amen and amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise one more time. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Glory to God. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. It was good to have been here tonight. Amen. Amen. On Friday and Saturday. Amen. Praise God. Turn around and greet your brother and sister tonight. Amen. Tell them God bless you. Amen. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Yes Lord. Glory to God. Be my Lord. We are dead. Oh sh sing rest in me over the air. One more time in the cross. Say the cross. Hallelujah. Be my glory. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Oh [Music] my dead. soul shall fall. Yes, Lord. Oh, rest. Rest be. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you. May be seated. Amen. We appreciate every one of you. Oh, as you said, just raise your hands and praise him. Oh, give them a wave of praise. [Music] [Music] Hey, be the [Music] I just come forward. Yes [Music] Lord. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Just so shall find those [Music] [Music] sing Jesus keep me up the floor. My preious set free [Music] to it [Applause] [Music] I'm car and the cross [Music] [Music] Hey, heat. Hey. [Applause] Bless be hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Oh yes Lord. Hallelujah Lord Jesus. Oh praise the name of the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord Jesus. Be my Lord. That's [Music] [Applause] all. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
