################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-21 - Destroying Satan's Evidence Against You (Prayer Meeting) - Bro. Isaac Ovid - Isaac Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-21
Title:   Destroying Satan's Evidence Against You (Prayer Meeting) - Bro. Isaac Ovid
Speaker: Isaac Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwcKTi6dvsw
========================================

Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. God richly bless you all tonight and welcome in a special way. Uh we invite you tonight to come into his presence. And just before we officially start tonight, let's just bow our heads where you are. Let us close our eyes and let us uh commit the session unto the Lord tonight. He will take control. Amen. Almighty God, we come before your presence tonight Lord to thank you to praise you God. Father, you are worthy of all the praise, all the glory, and all the honor. Lord, you are the God of all of our days, Lord. All of our good days or bad days, whatever it is might be, Father. Lord, you are still God above it all, Father. We thank you for every mountain, for every valley, Lord, for every river that we had to cross. We thank you for it, Lord Jesus. And we know that it's for our good. We come tonight, Lord Jesus, to celebrate your name. We come to pray and worship your name, Father, and enter into the spirit. We pray that you bless each one as they sing songs unto the Lord. As we worship for a few moments as we get ourselves away from everything else, Lord, and hide ourselves in your presence, Father. We pray you bless us and help us tonight. Bless the word as it would be shared with us, Lord, uh by your speaker, Lord. And uh we just commit this time of prayer and and and supplication into your hands. Pray that you would have your way with your people and minister to us, Lord, of salvation. Granted, almighty God, we pray and ask these things tonight in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. And amen. Praise God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Let's just let's just praise him right where we are. Lift up your hand and just give him glory. Give him praise. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, he's wonderful. Wonderful. He wonderful. Wonderful. He's wonderful. He's wonderful. He's wonderful. Oh, you're wonderful. He's glorious. He's glorious. He's glorious. Glorious. He's marvelous. He's marvelous. He's marvelous. Oh, he's marvelous. Oh, we bless your name. Bless your name. We bless your name. We bless your name. Oh, wonderful. He's wonderful. Wonderful. He's wonderful. Oh, he's wonderful. Lift your hand and sing. He's wonderful. Wonderful. Oh, he's wonderful. Give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, oh, he's wonderful. He's wonderful. He's wonderful. He's wonderful. Oh, he's wonderful. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Oh, we worship you our Lord. You are worthy to be praised. Lord, we worship you. You are worthy to be praised. You are far and no more. We worship you all. You are worthy to be praised. You are alpha and we worship you. You are worthy to be praised. Heat. Heat. Oh, glory. We worship you, oh Lord. You are worthy to be praised. Oh, give him praise tonight. We give you the glory. We worship you all. You are worthy to be praised. Oh, give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Who can stand against the Lord? No one can. No one who can stand against the king. No one can. Oh. Oh, victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to him. Oh, victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to him. Who can stand against? Who can stand against the Lord? Lord can stand against the king. Oh. Oh. Oh. Victory belongs to Jesus. Oh, victory belongs to Jesus. Oh, victory belongs to him. Give him praise. Oh, victory belongs to Jesus. Oh, victory belongs to him. Oh. Oh. Victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to him. Oh. Oh. Victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to him. Oh. Oh. Victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to you. Yeah. Oh, give him praise tonight. Close your eyes and just worship him tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, victory is yours tonight. Victory over the enemy tonight. Oh, we thank you for the victory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. And I just can't give up now. I've come too far from where I've started from all. Nobody told me that the road would be easy and I don't believe he's brought me this far to leave me singing. I just can't give up now. I've come too far from where I've started from. Nobody told me that the road will be easy. And I don't believe he's brought me this far to leave me. One more time. Oh, and I don't believe he's brought me this far to lead me. &gt;&gt; Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, brother Anthony. God bless you, church. It's certainly a great privilege to be here tonight for this special prayer meeting service. And tonight, we are going to do something a bit different. um still a time of prayer. So I encourage you um if there's someone you know that's supposed to be here that's not there, send them a reminder. God has something special in store for us tonight. Um shall we bow our heads for a word of prayer as we get ready to get started tonight. Our gracious heavenly father, we thank you for your love, for your grace, for your mercy, and for this 21st day of November. Lord who before we were even here already saw this entire service take place. Father and Lord we have come to a critical junction in time critical point Lord. Many needs many situations. Many people at various types of crossroads in their lives. Many looking for an answer from you. A word in due season Lord. A word of encouragement Lord. a a stepbystep playbook if it were on how to move. If they could just know the next step, the next two steps, the next three steps, Lord, what a difference it would be in their lives, Father. Lord, we have fallen short so many times and fallen short in so many ways, but we thank you that your grace tonight is sufficient, Lord. That you have already provided, Father. And Lord, for this time where we come together to have communion with you and to make our petitions known to you, Father, we don't want to just come because it's a routine or come because it's a ritual or show up because it's just something to do. But Lord, there's a burning desire in our hearts for more of you. Lord, there are many different types of needs in the body of believers here tonight. there Lord those that are dealing with different physical situations, ailments, diseases, sicknesses and Lord through your word Lord you have taught us that not only you are a mighty healer but Lord that healing is a church of the living God over every sickness, every disease, Father. So we come tonight Lord to Lord see we come tonight to cast out devils. We come tonight to see barriers broken and chains and shackles full of lives and homes and marriages. And Lord, we come to wage war tonight on the attacker, on the accuser tonight, Father. Lord, we pray for Lord, those that are looking for peace, that they would find peace. Those that are looking, Lord, to get their joy restored, that they would be restored tonight. Those that are maybe backsliden, maybe struggling, whatever it might be tonight, Father, we come to you, Lord, under great expectation. May you bless the word that we're about to go into, Father. May you bless those that are already here. May you bless those that are yet to join. May you bless those that would, Lord, watch this tape when it's over, Father. And Lord, our lives be changed and may we never be the same again. We commit the service into your hands, Lord. And Father, we pray a special blessing on your people and a special blessing on me even now in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, "Amen and amen." and certainly welcome one and all one more time and uh I will have church and then we will do uh we'll pray together for different types of situations in the church together. So there are different types of prayer meetings. Tonight will be one where we will agree as a church um on different situations. So we will pray for the young people. We will pray for those that are afflicted. We will pray for the widows. We will pray for those going through financial difficulties. We're going to pray for people are having family situations and we will take it section by section and as a church and we'll deal with each one as they come. And by the grace of God, we're looking to see God move mightily in our homes, move mightily in our situations. Um, brother Random taught us you got to do something for something to happen, you know. So sometimes when you switch up things uh and you move in an unexpected way, you get an unexpected result. So I have a thought for tonight and by the grace of God, I I am praying that this would be an encouragement to us. Uh the title is destroying Satan's evidence against you. Destroying Satan's evidence against you. You know, and I believe that there's something in this for us. um Satan holds evidence against us and you know in the natural if there's a court case you know and you have the players of the court you know in position there's a judge there's a person who is accused there's the prosecutor there's a lawyer and there comes a point in time when evidence need to be presented because if you do not present evidence there is no case you cannot hold someone to account on hears say well she told me and I heard around the corner. That is not a testimony. A testimony hased with evidence and as often the what typically happens is the case has to be thrown out. All right? So in the natural system, you know, certain criminals want to get rid of the evidence because if you know if they get rid of the evidence, then there is no case. But I'm putting it to us tonight that we could destroy Satan's evidence against us. And that is taken in context because the Bible describes Satan as the accuser of the brethren. And if you look into that accuser is really legal prosecution. So and the Bible said he stands day and night accusing the brethren. Which means when you are not praying, there's an accusation against you. When you wake up in the morning, there's an accusation against you. When you go to your job, there's an accusation against you. In the court of heaven, Satan is walking around saying, "Look at what she did. Look at what he said. Look at what he did. Look at what he said. And when you really understand the context of prayer, that prayer is making a plea or a request with the belief, the hope, the expectation that that request will be answered. It paints an entirely different picture of what you're trying to achieve. Can the church say amen? So, let's go. Every believer has an opportunity to be heard. So, we're going to use a number of legal frameworks tonight because there's a legal basis for prayer. Many of us, we pray on emotion. We pray, you know, using the when you understand prayer as a legal right, a legal environment, a legal framework, the picture begins to change. Can the church say amen? So every believer has a right to be heard. So in legal terms, there's something called a hearing where he could hear what's going on. Are we together? We are not talking about the courtroom now of earth, court of heaven. And this is not just a metaphor but in Isaiah 33 and verse 22 it says for the Lord is our judge. The Lord is our lawgiver. The Lord is our king. He will save us. So there are three words in this that begins to paint a picture of the legal framework within which God operates. I want us to remember God doesn't operate with emotion. He doesn't he doesn't operate and wake up and feel something about us. There is a law that he is guided by. There is legal precedent that he is guided by. This is why the prophet would say if God heals someone and on the same basis someone that does that today he has to do it again. He's the same yesterday, today and forever. God honors his law, he honors his word. He honors honors his covenant. But for our Lord is our judge. The Lord is our lawgiver. The Lord is our king. He will save us. We have three words. Judge, lawgiver, king. We're talking about government. We're talking about court throne. And I would have preached a message some time ago as it is in heaven. Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Prayer is not a terrestrial thing. It's not an earthly thing. It is really you reaching into heaven so that the will that is established in heaven could be manifested on earth. Are we together? So once you break into the realm of the heavenlies and your prayer becomes accepted or you in the room or presence of God so that we could have a conversation around what you request. If it is granted and God's will is expressed in heaven, it must be expressed on earth. And if God's will about your healing is expressed in heaven as it is in heaven, it will be reflected here on earth. So your healing has to take place in the heavenly realm to see it on earth. Your presence here is because you are somewhere else. Are we together? So as it is in heaven, we have this earthly reflection of it. So your prayer, we're not trying to get your prayer heard in earth. Cornelius had a memorial for his prayers in heaven. The issue is not about the prayer on earth. The issue is the activity in heaven. Prayers are answered not on earth. Prayers are answered in heaven. Thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven. So before we can even take this further, we have to firstly understand our rights because not everybody could pray. That might sound strange but people could have words but your prayer don't have to be received or accepted. Not everybody can access the throne room because when you really reach into understanding that prayer the word we use as prayer is going before the Lord to make a request because that that that is what that what we're trying to do. You want healing but you can't just go and say Lord I'm looking for healing. Is there a legal basis for your healing? Is there a legal basis? Because when we talk about the enforcement of the Holy Spirit for an enforcer to operate there must be a legal construct for the enforcer to operate. If you're trying to kick someone out of your home, you need to have a document that empowers the baiff to take action. So many of us, we approach God in prayer, but if we don't understand the legal context of prayer, the legal framework in which we operate, then there is no in we words and there's nothing to act upon. But the moment you begin to understand your right, the moment you begin to understand your privilege is the moment you can begin to activate the legal structure that activates enforcement. Are we together? So many of us, we are looking for healing, but we haven't activated our legal right to clean up the home, clean up our environment. I'm getting excited just seeing the unfolding of this. So Hebrews 4:16, we're talking about some of the rights to the throne and the rights as sons and daughters. So that when we pray, we are praying with authority. Many of us be praying Lord bless me and do Lord Jennifer and but there's no legal argument and we'll see why God looks at prayer as a legal argument. Hebrews 4:16 let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in time of need. Now I want us to remember that the topic the subject tonight is destroying Satan's evidence against you. All right. So Hebrews 4:16, let us therefore come boldly. So there's nothing like coming to God weak, coming to God temptative, coming to God with let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace. So we see in the throne we seen is a throne of grace that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in time of need. I know there are many tonight who need help in time of need. There are many who need help and it's a time of need. has a legal permission to approach the throne. This is why I make the statement not everybody could pray because if you don't have access to the throne then you could say whatever you want but if you have access to the throne by right as a believer that puts you in an entirely different position approaching the throne boldly. Now I want to read that same scripture in the amplified. Therefore, let us with privilege, in other words, there is a privilege that comes with your sunship. There's a privilege that comes with you as a daughter of God, with your approach to God. Therefore, let us with privilege approach the throne of grace. That is the throne of God's gracious favor with confidence and without fear. so that we may receive mercy for our failures and find his amazing grace to help in time of need and appropriate blessing coming just at the right moment. That is an encouragement to us. Can the church say amen? So there's a right. So I trying to paint a picture, brother Clarence, of this courtroom, this court scene for which the believer has access to this room by right of being able to boldly access the throne of grace to accept mercy to receive mercy. In Philippians, the Bible says, "For our conversation is in heaven." We're talking about this heavenly conversation from when's all the savior. In the amplified, this same scripture church says, "But we are different because our citizenship is in heaven." That's what that means. Your citizenship. So you are not a citizen of Trinidad. You're not a citizen of America. You're not a citizen of Africa. You're not a citizen of Europe. But for our conversation is in heaven. This is your right of citizenship. So we are talking now going beyond your situations, your failures, your challenges to understand the right, the legal framework of prayer, the legal basis of prayer. Let's go on your right of representation. We have an advocate with the Lord Jesus Christ. All right. So in first John 2 verse one, we have an advocate with the father, Jesus Christ, the righteous. So, it's a context and legally we're building a legal case because we're talking about we're talking about here destroying Satan's evidence against you. So, we're going to come to the case in in a in a short while. The right to use his name. So, within the legal power, the power of attorney gives you the ability to as if you are the person. So when somebody attorney you could go into the bank and withdraw from their account because the bank sees you because of the power of attorney or whatever rights was assigned to the power of attorney to. So somebody could be going overseas or whatever it is and they leave you in charge and they leave a power of attorney that in their absence you can do business on their behalf and nobody could authority your legal authority because you have a power of attorney. In the same context when the Bible says whatsoever you ask in my name that is power of attorney. You begin to understand these principles, your approach to the throne, the boldness with which you could come, the authority of your citizenship, the fact that you have representation, the fact that you have a name within which you could ask with a power of attorney, which means demons have to respect the power of attorney. They don't have to respect you. They need to respect the power of attorney because the power of attorney gives you power of the person who wrote the power of attorney. Are we together? Which means this is the difference brother Brandon say between like power and authority. The policeman can't stop the bus but the uniform that he wears represents the power of the state the power of the country. So the power of attorney now you could now sit in your home and you could pray you could bring a request and demons trembling but they don't want you to know about the power of attorney. They want you to look at your condition, your situation, your mistakes, your faith. Meime is a power of attorney that if you pick up the power of attorney, say in my name, you shall cast out devils. Are we together tonight? Because tonight we're going to cast out some devils. Tonight we're going to shake things up in our homes, shake things up in our situations because we are coming boldly. We understand who we are. We understand the authority that's been given to us. We understand our rights as citizens. We understand the power that comes with the word. We understand that the revealing of the word, the opening of the mysteries, the breaking of the seals, the seven seal and all these things give us divine access not just into the mind of God but the authority of God by power of attorney. Are we together? I want to build a little bit talking about the right to present evidence. Now in a court case there is given an opportunity for you to say something about yourself. So if you are on trial and there is an accuser, he say brother Clarence did this, brother Clarence did this, brother Clarence did this. This is this is the accuser job. He did this. Your lawyer has a right to defend you. The prosecutor has a right to speak. But they also say brother Clarence what you have to say about yourself. And you could choose at that point to stay quiet or you could choose well I want to speak. Listen to this in Isaiah 43 from verse 21. God is speaking. He's saying, "This people have I formed for myself. They shall show forth my praise. Thou hast not called upon me, oh Jacob, for thou has been weary of me, O Israel." So God is saying, "Oh yeah, call me because all I waiting for is to be called." He say, "You haven't called me. Thou has not brought me the small cattle of thy burnt offerings." Talking about your sacrifices, your offering of these things. Neither hast thou honored me with thy I have not caused thee to serve with an offering, nor wearied thee with incense. Thou has brought me no sweet cane with money, neither hast thou filled me with the fat of thy sacrifices, but thou hast made me to serve thy with thy sins. Thou has wearied me with thine iniquities. There's a whole Bible study. I will delay for another time. I want to go deeper because that is a whole teaching there. God goes on, "Even I am he that blotth out thy transgression for mine own sake and will not remember thy sins." This is the verse that I want to get here. Verse 26 of Isaiah 43, it says, "Put me in remembrance. Let us plead together, declare thou that thou mayest be justified." This in scripture is what you have to say about yourself in the amplified. This means remind me of your merits with a thorough report. Let us plead and argue our case together. State your position that you may be proved right. So this squarely puts you into a courtroom where if you understand the law, you have a right with the knowledge of the law to remind God. So this is why through scripture you see people praying Lord you said Lord you promised that is legal framework they are actually tapping into legal precedent because if God said his word is law you said you based on your word I am bringing to your remembrance. So the scripture says in the in the King James put me in. So God is saying reminder of my promise to you. Put me in remembrance. You have a right to come to God to remind God. But Lord, you promised me my children. You promised me my health. You promised me my family. You promised me good success. You promised me adoption. You promised me perfection. I didn't promise myself. I am reminding you. And God is inviting you tonight to remind him. He said, "Put me in remembrance." It is your right to keep reminding God. Not that God forgets, but as a good lawyer, as a good someone who knows the knowledge of the law and the way the law works. He said, "Put me in remembrance. Let us plead together." So God wants a legal back and forth because this law shall not depart from thee. This is scripture. I'm painting the legal framework. This law shall not depart from thee, but meditate on it day and night. God wants you to have good sound knowledge of doctrine, of order, of scripture. Not just of doing things blindly, but doing things with a clinical understanding of the grounds upon which you stand. Because when you have that understanding, then you could summon the enforcer with the legal request of the enforcer. Are we together? Remind me of your merits with a thorough report. for me mean not just partial healing, not just a partial deliverance, but a total deliverance and based on your word of a total deliverance. Why are your people not healed? Why are your people not delivered? So we are bringing it, we are putting it to you under the law. We are bringing it to your remembrance of your word, your promise, your decree concerning this end time people. your promise decree about this end time bride, your word, your power, about my finances, about my family, about my situation, about every single promise. I am bringing it up as evidence. I am presenting my case. The Bible says in the amplified, remind me of your merits with a thorough report. Let us plead and argue our case together. State your position tonight. Can you state it? Can you make clear what you want? Do you know what you want? Can you state it? Can you articulate it? State your position that you may be proved right. Can we Can we go on? Is this We going somewhere? We want to destroy Satan's evidence. We are in a courtroom tonight. The stage is set. The judge is on the throne. The Lord himself is your lawyer. You are the one on trial. You are the one with the request and the accuser who is supposed to be there. Because you can't have a courtroom without a prosecutor. There must be a prosecutor. And the Bible creates provision for the prosecutor by saying the devil is the accuser of the brethren. So we know the prosecutor is not the pastor. The prosecutor is not the deacon. The prosecutor is at another church. The prosecutor is the devil. He is the official sanctioned designated permissioned authorized accuser of the brethren. His whole existence is tied to telling God because he is accusing you before God. Are we together? His job is to go to God and say, "Look what he did. Look what he said. Look why you shouldn't bless him. Look why you shouldn't heal him." Are we together, the So rights now. Daniel 7:22 the Bible says until the ancient of days and judgment was given to the saints of the most high and the time came that the saints possessed the kingdom was there judge was given to and judgment given to is mean in favor of in other words the bible is saying that in the amplified until the ancients of days came and judgment was passed in favor in other words judgment is going to come in this thing because we know who is the judge and we know the judge and your lawyer is the same. So the judge in your favor, the lawyer in your favor, but you have a small piece to do because the part of destroying the evidence against you is on you. God not in the evidence destroying business. But there is provision in the word for the destruction of the evidence. Are we together? Because the devil bringing evidence and we want to unlock the key tonight of how you could destroy the evidence so this case could get dismissed tonight. God has to say case dismissed. The the attorney, your attorney is saying he's asking, but the accuser not swinging his hands randomly saying things. He is bringing evidence. But tonight we want to speak to what you need to case. Tonight we come to blow up the devil case against your family, the devil case against your home. The devil must say, "Nah, boy. I thought I had them cornered, but it looked like all the evidence I had just gone." How do we destroy the evidence? Are we Are we together? Right. Hallelujah. So, you are not a victim in the courtroom. You defendant with no defense. You are not at the mercy of the accuser. You have legal rights. You have legal recourse. You have legal access. This has nothing to do with your sins, your mistakes, and your failures. We're going to get to that in a minute. What I want you to understand is the rights. Because if you understand your rights and it can move a certain way, the judge is your father. Your the the attorney is the son. The holy spirit is the counselor or the guide. So the odds are stacked in your favor. The constitution is the word of God. The enforcement are the angels. You have everything you need to win. It's just one thing we need to deal with. The evidence that Satan has against you. Can the church say amen? I want to remind us that the accuser of the brethren the Bible said accuse them before God you sleeping they writing and know look what you do look what she say look where he went every this day and night accusing before God know evidence against us you never think of it that way every day the devil get he say look I got next piece with the file look what you do operating in the file He because that's what a lawyer does. If a prosecutor wants to wants to give to to throw the book at you as they would say, they have to make a good case. The devil are trying to make a weak case and his years experience. You now come to the earth is thousands of years. He willing case he has been prosecuting this one. Prosecuting he prosecute everybody. He's the one pro longest serving prosecutor in the history of civilization. So when he bring a case against you, brother Popwell, he come with one piece of paper. 900 piece of paper. Look what you think. Look what you do. Look what you say. Look how you feel. Look how you lash out. Look how this this and all this evidence night. We coming to blow up the evidence. Because the devil cannot overpower you. He cannot rule you. He cannot override the blood because the blood does destroy evidence. He and evidence could swallow your case. Now, if you don't deal with the evidence, your case in trouble, some of us be trying to pray tonight or pray in a prayer meeting and the devil's while you praying, he pointing to to the evidence. But if you could pray and we could remove the evidence, then your prayer goes straight through with no resistance. There's no rebuttal because the evidence but request this is why he shouldn't get this request. This is why the house is not his own. And you have a piece of evidence. This is why healing is not his own. This is why a breakthrough financially is not his own because I have some evidence to say why he shouldn't get it. I want us to get the picture very very clear because we're going to speak in a bit around how we blow up this evidence. So let's begin to build. Now I trust this is helping us a little bit. So what kind of evidence does the devil hold against us? That now becomes the question because this evidence against us is what's impacting our prayer lives, impacting our spiritual growth, our spiritual progress. You could know all the mysteries but if you not getting your prayer answered your life not changing then you have to look at the evidence because the evidence is what the devil is holding against you. I want to thank brother George Kangali for sharing this quote. But Ram said do you know that even your own behavior can knock somebody else out of getting healed? Your misbehavior of believers can cause this church to bitterly fail. I want to read this quote one more time from the message adoption. Thank you, brother George. Do you know that even your own behavior can knock somebody else out of getting healed? Your misbehavior of unconfessed sins of your believers can cause this church to heal. That's what the prophet said. What evidence you want to talk about that the devil holds against you is unconfessed sin. David in Psalm 66:18 says, "If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me." In the amplified that says, "If I regard sin and baseness in my heart, that is if I know it is there and do nothing, God will not hear me." So you see the whole aspect of the devil's file that is your issue that you haven't confessed. The moment you confess it and bring it under the blood that blow up that section of the man book all them papers disintegrate because once you holding unconfessed sin in your heart he over you. But the moment you confess your sins put it under the blood that blood wash that situation sea of forgetfulness. When the devil reach in the fire to pull it out, he say I thought I had it. You know, your honor, I'm so sorry. I thought I brought it into the room this morning, but somehow I searching inside of here and I cannot find it and the devil don't even realize that a little while ago you had to put it under the blood. You say, "Lord, forgive me. Lord, I'm so sorry. Lord, I want to confess it." Brother Brandham in a prayer said, "Lord, if there's any sin, this is in the message by faith. Lord, if there's any sin, naked and unconfessed, we would ask thee, oh Lord, that you would apply the blood of thy son Jesus to such a place. for realizing that we in ourselves are insufficient and there it is impossible for us to ever be self- sustaining. But we rely completely upon his precious blood and his grace to apply to our account that we unworthy sinners might come boldly someday into thy presenceing before us this blood of the Lord Jesus. Bring this blood with you which thou in thy times past has recognized it. thy only begotten son and has made the promise that through him if we confess our sins we shall be justified by his grace. So for you in this room tonight and those who would hear this tape, if you have secret sin, unconfessed sin, thing you have been hiding and you tonight, God, tonight bring it up tonight. Confess it tonight. Make it right and you will see that whole we are destroying the evidence tonight. Are we together? Do the unexpected. We look him something tremendous. Don't walk around crippled. Don't walk around with your situation. Bring it under the blood. Expose the devil. Let's expose him tonight. It's better to expose him and see a healing or it's better to ex see a breakthrough. You don't even realize who you holding back yourself. But tonight we exposing the devil tonight. And in so doing is he will lose his power to present anything to you. Because when the devil say but he he fall here and he fall here and God say well and what I don't know that he present it he confess it only the blood I can't see it again you have anything else what what what else you have because he don't confess it listen when you confess it is no surprise God knows all things already but the act of confessing it when you confess it the devil can't present well you know I know something about him I know something well tell me something I don't know because Everybody with me? When you start, in other words, we we we unraveling what the devil trying to hold against you, you know. And the thing is when you don't confess, you hold it is a guilt. It heavy. It weighing you down. You're trying to pray, trying to break through, but this thing pressing you because right, you know you're not operating in your in your zone. You're not you know you're not in your spiritual realm. You know you're doing what you're not supposed to do. But the moment you say, "Lord, this is it. I'm confessing it. I'm putting it behind me. and putting it under the blood. This is it. It is over. The devil lose that aspect. Let's go on the whole next section. We know this scripture, but I'm placing it now in the context of the evidence that the devil could present. When you stand praying, forgive if you have ought against any that your father which also your father also in heaven may forgive you your trespasses. When you hold a ought that devil could use against you. Lord don't don't grant this prayer for this one because this they have they have a ought. So when we talk about you drop your drop your drop your you seen it on a one-dimensional level. Oh go I have to forgive him. I really need to forgive him. You really understand what you do. This is not about what he doing what you do. That same oath you don't drop is sitting on a file in the devil legal library. The devil whoever parallegal pulling that look the one he forgive and as long as we have this on record we know because the Bible say your father because they have legal precedent to present to the Lord and say listen look the ought how you could forgive him and he don't forgive because there's a law we dealing with legal precedent and under the law this is the word the word is God's law when you stand praying forgive if you have ought against any that your father which also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses is the devil believes you know an scriptures you don't know he knows he's a prosecutor he's a lawyer so he not coming on whim and fancy and I have an idea and a thought and a thing this I think that no he is taking the same law the same scripture you and I have access to and taking this same scripture and presenting it and say how God can you bless him dropped his so for all of the teaching you have heard of dropping alt that You see onedimensional me and him and she and me in this natural humanistic realm in the spiritual realm as it is in heaven saying look look they are forgiving and when brother Brandham say if he could just leave them to fight the devil have no work to do but if you get them to forgive then you break Satan's power he have no he could no longer bring that as an accusation against you so I challenge you tonight before we get into prayer Drop the art. I don't care what it is. Drop it tonight. Drop it tonight. This is not about you and them anymore. This is about removing the ability of the devil to use this against you. I'll say that again. This is bigger than you and I, friends. This is bigger than the problem, the issue you think you have with somebody and somebody have with you. That is a one that lowlevel transaction we talking about. We're going for bigger things. We want to dismantle the works of darkness. And by you dropping the ord, forgiving your brother, forgiving your sister, you forever break the power of Satan over your home. Satan has permission to come into your home when you have a Can I say that again? The devil has legal right to enter your home when you have a ought. So when you're trying to get a breakthrough and you holding and grudges, you are opening passageways for the devil to walk freely inside your house. But the moment you drop your you are removing the access points. You're giving the devil no space, no room, nothing to move with. Because as the accuser of the brethren, if you give him nothing to accuse you of by dismantling his strategies, your whole life begins to change. So we have established two things. We have already the the the the evidence or destroying the evidence that Satan has against us is firstly get rid of the unconfessing. Get rid and and that also means get ready your pride because people walking around and because they're trying to have a good impression and they don't want nobody to know that how bad things really are and how they mess up and they fall. Everybody in this room fall there's nobody holier than thou. There's nobody better than anybody else. What we dealing with is dismantling Satan's ability to move as if it's his house. And when you serious about change and serious about God and you will create an atmosphere and environment to God to move freely and you say Lord there's something in me that shouldn't be there take it out and if something needs to be exposed expose it tonight I don't care who knows I don't because one God could take you to another level God could restore your name as we said in the last Bible study by the time Mphibicheth was there sitting at the king's table they couldn't see his lameness anymore you walk into the He's at the king's table. Who want to talk about Elimna? People wish the king's the Lord restores you. Who could destroy that? When the Lord promote you, who could who could remove that? The Lord said he will eat at my table continually all the time. First access. Make sure you have a seat before all the fancy guests at the king's table. Not the king's room, the king's table. Not in the banquet hall. The king's table. The same table that King David's sitting on on. Let us shake our pride. shake the issues or to move. We have too much sick people in the room tonight, too much situations in the room tonight that unconfessed sin that ought and grudges holding up the ability of God to enforce legal rights. God wants to heal. He is a healer. The problem is not God. Problem is not God. He's a healer. That we know for sure. But the things that we can do because God not coming to forgive on your behalf. God don't come to confess your sins. You have to confess. You have to make things right. You have to be willing tonight to say, "I'm ready to do what it takes because I'm looking for God to move." Can the church say, "Amen." That same scripture that we know in the amplified says, "Whenever you stand praying, if you have anything against anyone, forgive him. Drop the issue. Let it go. so that your father who is in heaven will also forgive you of your transgressions and wrongdoings against him and others. Let's go the next piece of evidence. So we dealt with two so far. We dealt with unconfessed sins and we dealt with holding also unforgiveness which is the ver you want to pray you asking God Lord I want this I want that and the devil saying well you know you can't grant that Lord because the evidence shows that what he asked he asking out of lust many of us say well God answering my prayer God answering my prayer what YOU ASKING FOR WHY you asking for it because the Bible says you have you ask and receive not because you ask a miss that he may consume it upon your lust. So God is saying here through James that the prayers you're asking for, some of them you're asking for, the reason they're not even answered is because the accuser can stand up and say, "Why you giving him that?" Look what the motive is. Because the devil know a motive. In the amplified, it says you ask God for something and do not receive it because you ask with wrong motives out of selfishness or with an unrighteous agenda so that when you get what you want, you may spend it on your hedonistic desires. That's Bible I read in the amplified of that same scripture. So the third thing with dismantling is the wrong motive. I'm praying and I'm praying and I'm not not getting no answer. What are you praying for? Why are you praying for that thing? Lord, I want a promotion. I want a promotion. And promotion comes from God. But God saying you not ready yet. We got the motive for the promotion. You want to gallery yourself and you say you want to show off. You want to you want to ramage. You want to whatever you want to use as a terminology to describe behavior that doesn't glorify God. God can never honor that. And then people stomp around and throw a tantrums. The same way a child throw a tantrum, adults throw a tantrum as well. God answer me. So I vex and you vex with God and the devil is holy. That has evidence against you because this supposed to be a son. This supposed to be a daughter. But look at their heart's desire. Look at what they're looking for. Look at what they're asking for. Are we together? Three stacks. We breaking up the devil fire. What we doing tonight, church, is going into the legal room of the devil and seeing the files you holding on people and know. And by the time we done clear out here, we leave here tonight with the room clear. Holy devil wake up in the morning if I can use an analogy say who come in here and dismantle my files. I was trying to hold but I can't find the files. The next one this one coming into the home and we dealing with prayer because this is about prayer. We we in the room to God the devil is holding by virtue of what the scripture presents has an impact on our prayer. 1 Peter 3:7, we in the house now. Likewise, ye husbands dwell with them a knowledge, giving honor unto the wife, as unto the weaker vessel, as being heirs to G of life, that your prayers be not hindered. So brother have mystery connect woman the son the wars the plagues the vials but he can't treat the wife he cannot treat his wife right prayers sticking her just stick right in the roof of the house all the books tapes mysteries if you don't treat the wife right your prayers are going nowhere because this here is not a test of mystery and knowledge and years in the message this is why this is foolishness when people say well I the message long and I know this and no life they're mystery the word is a mystery your life not supposed to be a mystery your life SUPPOSED TO BE TRANSPARENT husband love your wife wives honor your husband all this is this is the word in practice in the amplified in the same way you husbands live with your wives in an understanding way with great and with an intelligent regard for the marriage relationship ship as with someone physically weaker since she is a woman. show and respect as a fellow heir of the grace of life so that your prayers will not be hindered or where does that put these super spiritual people who have no testimony with that is taking a whole bazooka and shooting we blowing up the place but we not going to I'm not speaking about anybody here we're going after the files is the files is the is the evidence files we going after tonight so if if if it come to your home It's not you. It's really the files you going for. We trying to bust up the devil files tonight. Destroy the evidence. So to destroy the evidence, make the evidence a lie. You make the evidence a lie by your behavior. Because by changing your behavior, the evidence has to start to match your behavior. But say, "But wait, the way the man behaving here lining up or what is reality? Are we together?" the last piece of evidence that I ever hold in. But let him ask in faith. Now is there is plenty more we could speak on on on this thing, but for the purpose of this because we have a little bit of time left to get into our prayer plan for tonight. But James 1:6, but let him ask in faith nothing wavering. For he that waverth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed. I want to read it in the amplified. But he must ask for wisdom in faith without doubting God willingness to help. For the one who doubts is like a billowing surge of the sea that is blown about and tossed by the wind. So I want to speak this because I would have preached the message more than once and I would have preached it by brother Norris finding faith in the midst of the storm. And many people say, "But brother Isaac are going through a real storm of good." And it's as if people would have rejoiced with the message. But when the storm really come to your home, people still shaken up and I saying, "But we can't just preach it and shout about it. You have to live it." Because finding faith in the midst of the storm is not a shout. There's a is not a a feeling good about the mess. In a storm, you could have faith to believe. This is why Jesus could say over and over, "Why you doubt? We have little faith." Because devil thrives on doubt. He's allergic to faith. So he has the right to say but this man have no faith. He pray without faith enough because faith pushes doubt out of the picture. So I want us to stand in faith when we make a request for our loved ones. Make a request for the young people. Make a request for your business, your job, your time it might be that you stand boldly with faith whatever the situation is so that you could see your life change and you transform completely. Are we together? Oh, once you apply these things, I can imagine the picture if I could dramatize the courtroom and you say, "But Lord, here's what now I just confess. I dropped my OS. I standing here with faith. Are you with me? I living right?" And the devil say well here here what now all the case all the evidence I have seem to be gone and now the whole case I apologize for wasting the court time in fact the the devil might get into contempt of court for wasting the court time because by time the Lord case dismissed there's nothing against brother poet there's nothing against sister Bernardet there's nothing against sister Judith brother Clarence Anthony brother Shane brother Joe sister June sister brother George brother Hugh Sister Ingred Brother Kelly, I can't call all the names. I was I was trying but we we we wouldn't we wouldn't finish. But case dismiss, we in the case dismissing business tonight by taking this approach and understanding because the Bible says we are not ignorant of Satan's devices. That statement is powerful to know because being not ignorant of his devices, it means we could upend this plan in war. If you know where your enemy coming with, then you could prepare a counter attack. You could prepare defensive maneuver. Know what you're coming with. If we not ignorant of his devices, why the devil tying you up? The devil only have certain place. His movements are finite, but our God is infinite. His movements are limited, but our God is unlimited. Our God is a creator. The devil is a perverter. So there's no acceptable story in which the devil could ever win. The problem in this story, we have to get in line with the will of God. We have to get in line with the plan of God, the purpose of God and resolve in our hearts to be truly Christians and live the word in spirit and in truth. And in so doing, we will see the situation change more than that because we're not looking at the present tense 16 elements only. We're not just looking for healing. We're not just looking for a body change, but the we are looking to be made whole. We are looking to be perfect, adopted for a short-term manifestation. will give A CHANGE, A COMPLETE TRANSFORMATION, the fullness of everything. Are we together? We're not Pentecostals. This word has to live. We're looking for the manifestation of the sons of God. We're looking for a new heaven. We're looking. Hallelujah. Where is the evidence tonight? the judge starting to look for evidence because I believe tonight the moment you begin to confess your sins and begin to make things right, use that to blow up the devil's fire. Are we together? I want to close out with just two quotes and then we'll pray. Visible union of the bride of Christ. You're standing completely. You never sinned at the first place. Hallelujah. God don't even know nothingness. You never did it. You were accused of it by the accuser, but really from the beginning you were pred story, the story has been written. We could smile because you know you did it. But just never did it. Hallelujah. You were accused of it by the accuser. That's his job. But really from the beginning, you were predestinated to be a son and daughter of God. You're standing there washed and your old book of divorcement is put away. It's dead. absolutely out of existence in the mind of God. Hallelujah. Bride of Christ washed in the blood of Christ. Precious, virtuous, sinless, standing with a pure unadulterated bride word that he water of his own blood that become flesh and manifest you which were predestinated in the bosom of the father before the beginning. the same as he was. He was that great attribute of God called finished. I trust this will encourage it will encourage you. It will build your faith to approach the throne of God with boldness, with the legal authority that you understand that the law, this law, this book of the law shall not depart from you, but you meditate on it. So that as you navigate life, you understand that if you are right as a citizen of Trinidad and Tobago is to enter this country because it's your country. Nobody could tell you cannot enter. If you go into America, they could ask you why you're here. But when you coming home, they cannot ask you why you're here because you have a legal right by virtue. That's the law. If somebody asks you why you coming, you you you could tell them you're asking misspeness. How you going to ask me that? All right. I have a legal right to be here. Nobody can ask you why you going into your house. You have a legal right to go into your house. Are we together? When you go into the bank and the bank, it's my account. How you can ask him about my account? It's my account. is your and if my name is in under the law because my name is on it, it is mine. I will call the police. The police will enforce it because it's mine. So this legal understanding is the same principle that speaks to your family being delivered because your family is yours. As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord. The promise is unto you and to your children and to them that are far off. That is legal precedent with that is enough to take it and say, "Look what the law says. Look what the law says. The promise is unto me and tonight the children tonight. Tonight we claiming them tonight. We are putting it out there that the law gives children to be delivered. The law gives permission by his stripes we are healed. This has already happened. It's already taken place. We're not we're not trying to make it so the law already speaks to the fact it is written. We could find the chapter. We could find the book. we could find the verse in the law to allow us. Shall we pray? Our heavenly father, we thank you tonight for your word, for your presence, for your grace, for your anointing. Your anointing that follows the word, the anointing that makes the word a reality to us. The anoint word and makes it more positive. You said that's how you raise a standard by taking the same word and make it positive. So as a body of believers tonight, we unite in faith. You said if two shall go come into agreement. If two shall agree touch could have what they ask for. So tonight Lord Lord for the next few minutes we want to be in prayer as a want to be in prayer as a church together father. Lord bringing different situations before you bringing different needs before you Lord. So we come together and and I want to encourage you in your room in your home where you're at. We unite in faith. Bring your families on us homes in order. Let us unite. There are quite a number of us on the call tonight, but I want you to unite. Get those in the house in the right atmosphere. Respectful. I want you to come together as we agree concerning the situation in the church. So, right now, we want to pray for the sick in our midst. So, heavenly father, we come tonight as a church. Lord, bring in all of the sick, all of the afflicted situations. Lord, there are different requests that came up tonight. We want to bring them before you, Father. Lord, there are requests that have come. Lord, we want to pray for brother Anthony, Lord, who made a request tonight, Father, Lord, for heart palpitations, Lord, he's not sure what's going on, but tonight, Lord, we unite as a God, that you would touch your son, touch your servant in a special way, that you would heal him. You would touch him with a crown of his head to the souls of his feet. Lord, may virtue power drop down into the home even now. We pray for his wife, Sister Kush. Healing even now would move to her from the crown of her head to the souls of her feet. cannot do figure out whatever it is Lord is nothing compared. So father we bring that home before you. We bring that family before you. We bring but a hu before you father. Lord he's going through what but Lord we want the great prescription from the great physician tonight to come upon your son and your servant. Lord we pray for but touch him completely. Father from the crown of his head to the souls of his feet for sister Father God from Lord Lord for every single Lord believer here tonight the different situation in the church sister Lord Chenica Father we bring your daughter before you Lord coming out looking for God to do something for her church Lord as as we come together to pray for all Lord those with diabetes in our midst those with Lord high blood pressure those with female condition Lord those dealing with different types of cancer different type of situation be we come boldly to the throne. We come understanding our authority. We come understanding the legal context. We have shaken ourselves. We are confessing our faults. We have made mistakes, but we're putting it under the blood tonight. Lord, there is a cause. There's a bomb in Gilead. Lord, there's a physician in our midst tonight. Lord, we lift your people. We lift our voices to you, Father. Lord, we reach out to Sister Anwine. Father, reach out to to brother and we reach far and wide. Father, Lord, Sister Williams, Lord, and Lord, touch her back, Father. Sister Janice Shaker, Lord, Sister Kangali, Father, Lord, all over, Lord, from the east, from the west, from the north, from the south, even the children, Father, Lord, those that are struggling, those that are fight, Lord, for every physical condition, you said, I am the God that heal thee. Healing, Lord. Lord, we could speak healing, Father. Lord, with the legal, Father, by your stripes, we are healed, Father, people, Lord. Lord would would would would would would would would would seek by face would Lord would confess Lord and Lord make things right Lord you would father we come as a people father Lord not one shall be left behind father Lord sister poppel and her feet father Lord every situation in the church father sister Juny father Lord so many names so many sations in the church sister Marilyn Ali Lord brother Shafiad Father condition every home every family everyone as we apply the blood and plead the blood upon the congregation. plead a blood Lord but a terance Lord Lord every condition sister Jennifer Father every situation we bring it be father Lord send your healing send your healing send your healing may healing rain pour down may healing rain reach out Lord may your people claim it may they hold on to it may they reach out for it we unite father and say one father Lord we claim it to be so we know it to be so by your stripes we are healed father right now I want you to thank him I want you to thank him in advance for your healing. I want you to say, "Lord, thank you, Lord. We thank you. We thank you. We thank you, Father. We thank you for healing. We for our finished work. We thank you for your finished work, Lord. It's already done. We receive it. We claim it. We walk in it. We know it to be so. It's your word. It's your promise. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory." All over the church, all over the Healing is coming to you. Healing is in your home. Healing is in your family. Healing in a situation, not just physical healing, but healing of families, healing of marriages, healing of situations tonight. Tonight, not tomorrow. Not Sunday. Tonight, healing, healing rain is pouring out tonight. Glory, glory, glory, glory. At this time, let's pray for the young people. Heavenly Father, we come again, Lord, as a church, Lord, in agreement, united, Lord, for the young people. Many are struggling, but Lord, many are also holding on. Lord, many having a hard time, but Lord, the devil could have most. The Lord, the devil can have many, but he cannot have all. And tonight, we draw a line in the sand that the devil cannot have all. Draw a line in the sand and say there will be young people who will stand. They will have a testimony. They will dress right. They will walk right. They will live right. They will act right. They will love the word. They will love the brethren. They will love the fellowship. They want to go to heaven. Father, may you strengthen the young people. May you give them strength to stand in their schools, in their primary schools, in their secondary schools, in university, on their jobs, Lord, in their wherever they may go. Father, bless their coming. Bless their going. Help them to have a test backbone. Lord, the prophet said not to be jellyfish, but give them backbone to say, I'm a Christian. I'm a daughter of God. I'm a son of God. May you give the parents wisdom to deal with the young people. May you help the young people. May you send a revival. your promise to send a revival for the young people. Your promise to stir young people. May you stir, may it start tonight. May you start a revival, Lord, in the homes. May you start a revival among the young people. Many of the Calebs, the older ones have been laboring for a long time, but Lord, it's time tonight for the young people to stand up to rise up to take their pos gospel forward to push this message forward. the Calebs have done. They are fought for five, 10, 15 years, Lord. But you promise, Lord, that the promised land would be the young people and the Calebs. So, Father, we pray for the strengthening of the young people to see, Lord, an anointing drop down to lift up the young people, to give them a a heart to please you, a fervent desire to please you, a cry to be in the spirit of desperation, Lord. Lord, turn on the humanistic away from social media and Tik Tok and Facebook and Instagram and parties and conversations and movies and TV and all these things, Lord, into a realm where they see a present tense reality of the living God upon the young people. Break chains. We come against the demon of lust and pornography and filth and the worldly music and Lord worldly attachments. We come against it tonight in the name of Jesus Christ. House of hell, give weight in the name of Jesus. May you Lord bring liberty to your people in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. And the church says and the church says amen. Amen. Amen. Heavenly Father, we come tonight to pray for families, Lord. To pray for the families in the church, Lord. Husbands, wives, children, Lord. Lord, we pray a special blessing upon them, Lord. That the angel of the Lord would move, Lord. That the family altars would be restored, Lord. That the prayer time home would be restored. that the angel of the Lord will feel pleased and walk into homes. Father, Lord, may the fathers take their place. Take their place. May the children take their place. May there be a priest established in the homes. May the priest step forward as priest in their home. Lord, may there be a a a spirit of prayer, a prayer before breakfast, a prayer before lunch, dinner, understanding that the home should be like doors and doors, that the angel of the Lord could move into every room in the home. that the Holy Spirit will be welcome to come and commune with the families, commune with the homes, com commune, Father God. May you strengthen families, may you strengthen marriages in the church. May you break the chains that have separated and caused division and confusion and animosity and anger and lack of communication and all these things. Father, we bring it to you. We we lift them up to you. We we push it in the past, Lord. We draw a line tonight, Lord, in the families in the church. Before there was church, there was family. Before there was organization, there was family. Lord, it was a perfect family back there to in Eden. And you promised to go back to Eden. So, Father, may you move upon the church tonight, and restore families, restore homes tonight in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Father, we want to pray for all the widows, Lord. Lord, all the widows in the church, Father, Lord, the struggles, Lord, the Bible speaks about it, Lord, that you would strengthen them. We want to remember them, that you would give them peace. Give them wisdom. Give them strength. Give them understanding, compassion, give them a insight to be able to help others. May you give them comfort in the midst of their storm. May give them strength and peace. May the Holy Ghost come upon them. May you give them an keep fighting, an uncction to understand that there's a purpose for them, that you have them here yet. May you strengthen them, Lord. The widowers also. May your Holy Ghost go upon them. May you give them the uncction Lord to stand as soldiers to stand as as anchors to to stand as pillars in the church to take a greater interest and a desire to serve your people to serve your children to serve the community to have a testimony to have an opportunity Lord to live for you in spirit and in truth father in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. Father God we want to pray right now for the officers of the church. Lord, your prophet taught us, Lord, that you don't make halfway Christians, but a Christian could be halfway. You don't make halfway preachers, but a preacher could be halfway. You don't make halfway deacons, but a deacon could be halfway. You don't make halfway ushers, but a usher could be halfway. You don't make halfway musicians, but the musician could be halfway. Trustees, whatever it might be, helps and governments, Father, Lord, we pray for Lord, Lord, the the the officers, the helps and the governments. We pray for every single officer, every single ministry, every single portfolio in the church. We unite in prayer for our pastor in a special way that you would touch our pastor as a church. Father, we rally around our pastor tonight. Lord, he's there on the field in Nigeria. Strength upon him, a super anointing and uncction upon him. Give him strength in his body, a fresh charge from the supernatural. Use him, Lord. May you continue to speak through him. May the pillar of fire rest on his shoulder as you said it would through your prophet that the pillar of fire will rest upon the shoulder of the adopted sons. May the Holy Ghost and fire come upon him. May you give him wisdom to climb higher Lord into that watchtower. Father, watchman, watchman word of the night. Father, Lord, he has to see from a far off what's coming, the Lord the incoming storm, the incoming dangers, Father. May you bless his wife also in a special way. Lord, your word teaches when you call a man, you call his wife. May you give them wisdom. May you give them strength, Lord. There's a lot of road yet ahead. There's a lot of journeys to cross. Father, may you give them strength for the journey tonight, Father. We unite for them in the mighty precious name of Jesus Christ. Lord, may you bless the elders and ministers that support them. Father, may you bring us into perfect alignment with your Holy Spirit so we could fight back to back as your prophet said. Lord, each one backing one another up. Father, may you strengthen the church in the mighty precious name of Jesus Christ. Oh, could you praise them? right now. Could you thank him right now? Could you lift him up right now? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, Father, we praise you. Father, we glorify you. Father, we thank you. Father, we pray right now for the brothers, Lord. Lord, the brothers from the youngest to the oldest, Father. Lord, the men of war, the men who ought to pray and not to faint, the men who ought to be a testimony. Father, Lord, you call your sons for such a time as this. We pray for every brother right now. Lord, some are strong, some are hanging in there, some are stronger, but Lord, we lift them up before you. Lord, in such a time as this, with temptations everywhere, with all kind of distractions everywhere, may you strengthen the men of the church. May you lift us up where we belong. May you help us to rise into the spiritual realm. rise above the style, above the fashion, above laziness, above distraction, above what other men want and other men will do, above the conversations of the men in our jobs and men in our neighborhoods and whatever it might be. Father, we are not called to be like others. We are called to be like you. As we read in the scripture, we are citizens of above. Our conversations are from heaven. Our dialogue is from heaven. Our thinking is from heaven. Our mindset is heaven. We are heaven bound. Our destination is heaven. Our thoughts are on heaven. Our focus is on heaven. We are not focused on this carnal world. Take their Lord as priests. As priests, kings, royal priesthood. May we move like royal priests. May we act like royal priests. May we live like royal priests. May we step up to the plate. May we step up to our responsibility tonight. Father, precious name of Jesus Christ. Heavenly Father, we pray for the sisters, Lord, from the youngest to the oldest, Lord, who can find a virtuous woman who heavenly father, we pray, dear, God, that you strengthen, Lord, strengthen every sister that have a testimony, give them grace, give them uncction, give them wisdom, give them favor, give them, give them understanding, give them knowledge, give them a fervent desire, Lord. Help them, raise them up in the midst of the trial. Strength in the midst in the of the storm. Peace in the midst of the storm. Peace in the midst of the battle. In the mighty name of Jesus Christ. Lord, we bring them before you. Come on, church. Hallelujah. Wor stay together. Let's stay focused. Father, Lord, we want to come now for everyone who's desiring the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Lord, it's the greatest desire we could ever have, Lord, to have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Lord, there are many who have been holding on. They're hanging on. But Lord, as we see tonight, we have dismantled the evidence. We have destroyed the evidence has tried to bring against. And Lord, the Holy Ghost is a right. Your prophet taught us that you want to give us the Holy Ghost more than we want to receive. You already s with the Holy Ghost. So we want to lift your people up, Father. Lord, those with Holy Ghost, Father. Oh Lord, that you fill your people tonight. Oh, that you poured your Holy Ghost that as the season is changing and the season has changed, Father, Lord, that the Holy Ghost will pour out and baptize into the body. Bring into the body. He said, we are baptized into the body tonight, Father. Lord, may this be the beginning. May this be the beginning of the Holy Spirit moving in a way that's never moved before in the hearts and lives of your people in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. And Father, tonight we bring the backsliders before you. Those that are barely hanging on. Those that have questions and doubts and confusion and just life has beat them and the cares of life and the stress of life and the pressures of life. Lord, many have lost their way. But tonight, Lord, is a night of restoration. Tonight is a night of deliverance. Tonight is a night of breakthrough. Tonight is a night of recalibrating purpose. beformed by the renewing of our minds. Oh, Father God, strengthen your church. Strengthen your people, Father. Lift us up where we belong. Uh bless the service this coming Sunday. Bless the upcoming Lord, special meetings we will have, Lord, with Brother Andrew Glover. Lord, bless the services as we go into the end of this year and prepare for the new year. We don't know what is about to happen, but we know that time is short. Father, bless the church. Bless strengthen your believers. Bless the other churches, Lord. Lord, the other fellowships, Lord, that are looking for more of you, that are desperate for revival, that are looking for the moving of the rustle in the malberry tree. You said the body of Christ is the sickest body on the face of the earth. Father, may you bring a unity of the faith. May you bring a unity of the spirit before a unity of the spirit before a unity of the faith. May we be in one mind and one accord. There's only one Lord, there's one faith, there's one baptism. May you bring us together in love. May you Lord may may the water Lord pour out so that the duck could have fellowship. Father may your Holy Spirit move among your people. Lord pour out your spirit. Deliver your people. Shake and transform in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Right now just thank him. Just praise him. Let's give him glory. Give him honor. Hallelujah. Father we bless you. Father we praise you. Father we lift you up. Father we give you glory. Father we give you honor. There's none like you tonight, Father. From the rising of the sun to the going down of the same, your name is exalted. Thank you, Lord, for what you have done. Thank you, Father, for your grace tonight. Thank you for the reminders in your word. Thank you for the encouragement. Thank you for what you have already done. Thank you for healing the sick in our midst. Thank you for restoring the backsliders. Thank you for fixing marriages. Thank you for breaking chains. Thank you for breaking shackles. Thank you for putting food on our table. Thank you for making a way when there seems to be no way. Thank you, Father, for Lord, all that you have done, all that you're doing, what you're about to do. Thank you, Father, Lord, because you are our all. You are a king. You're a Lord. Thank you for the message of the hour. Thank you, Lord, for breaking the seal. Thank you for opening the word to us. Thank you for opening our understanding. Thank you for making a way. Thank you for calling us, for choosing us, for predestinating us. Thank you for finding us. You said the message would find itself in the hands of the the predestinated. Thank you for making itself known to us. Thank you for revealing yourself to us. Thank you for breaking chains and shackles. Thank you for calling us to be the final voice to the final age. Thank you for the promise of the Holy Ghost. Thank you for the promise of dynamics. Thank you for the promise of charity. Thank you for a promise of a perfect church. Thank you for the promise of a super church. Thank you for sending a revival. Thank you for pouring out your spirit. Thank you for breaking chains. Thank you for lifting us up. Thank you in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. Heavenly Father, as we come to the end of this session tonight, Father, may your Holy Spirit be with your people. May you bless us, Lord. May you bless us tonight. We thank you for your uncction and your grace tonight. May you bless the service this coming Sunday. May you bless what you have planned for your people. May you strengthen your people. We commit each one into your hands in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, and the church says, amen and amen. May the Lord bless you tonight. Thank you so much for coming. May the Lord strengthen you. May the Lord keep you. I trust that in your homes or wherever you might be, you are able to get into the spirit. And I encourage you practice the presence of God. Make prayer not just a a a thing to do, but make it such a relationship and understand that when you go to God, you're going to God based on the legal basis of his word, his promised word. That's the foundation. We're not asking because we feeling to ask, we ask him because he gave us permission to ask. And he gave us a legal approach with within which we could ask. So, we're not asking a miss. We asking with the clarity to knowing of what God wants. Not my will, but thy will be done. Lord, your promise, it's your word. You said it. We didn't make it up. It's not our idea. isn't our suggestion. You promise a manifestation. You promise healing. You promise deliverance. You promise my family. You promise these things. And we are coming to you on that basis. And we are we are going to keep destroying the moment evidence come up because evidence will come up. We will we will make a mistake here. We'll make a mistake there. But if you understand the formula to rush quickly and say, "Lord, I'm sorry. Forgive me. I want to make it right. I want to drop this ought." You you rob somebody the wrong way, you want to fix it quickly because you don't want the devil holding evidence against you. You don't want nothing hindering your prayer. You don't want you you have an issue with your wife, your husband, make it right. You have an issue at home, make it right. Fix it. You want nothing holding up the blessing. You want to make sure the moment a file presents itself in the legal office of the devil that that file gets destroyed by your attitude, by your action, by your movement, by your prayer. May the Lord richly bless you. Have a wonderful evening. Stay in faith. Practice the presence of God. The water might be rough. The storm might be blazing, but we have preached pineing faith in the midst of the storm because we didn't know storm was coming. Storm coming. Storm is coming. But stand still and see the salvation of the Lord. May the Lord richly bless you. God bless you tonight. Thank you.
