################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-23 - Ye Shall Serve God Upon This Mountain - Bro. Anthony O'Brien - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-23
Title:   Ye Shall Serve God Upon This Mountain - Bro. Anthony O'Brien
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2FFrsMEeq0
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Let's give him praise tonight in your own way. Blessed be your wonderful name. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Oh, we worship you tonight. We bless your name, Father. Oh, we bless you, Lord. We praise you tonight. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you for your love towards us, Lord. Thank you for your grace tonight. Thank you for your mercy, Lord. Your benefits, your many blessings, Lord. Thank you for your blood tonight, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you for your plan of redemption, Lord. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Pulling us out, Father. Thank you, Lord Jesus. And placing us into Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be your wonderful name. Just praise him tonight. Oh, praise him tonight. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Yes Lord. Sing it this evening. Oh singing. Thank you Jesus for the grace for the grace that you have given us. Though I can't repay from my heart, I'd like to say that I Oh, thank him this evening. Oh, thank you. Thank you, Jesus. Sing thank you my sweet Jes. Oh, for the grace that you have given us. So, though I can't repay from my heart, I'd like to say that I Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you. One more time. Sing it. Thank you. Or raise your hands. Close your eyes. M for the grace for the grace that you have given us. Though I can't repay from my heart, I'd like to say that I thank you. We give him a hand of praise tonight. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Oh, with a grateful heart tonight. We bless your name. We praise your name, Lord. We worship you tonight. Thank you, Father. &gt;&gt; Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you tonight. Amen. How many are grateful tonight? You thank him for his grace tonight. &gt;&gt; Thank you for his blood tonight. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, where would we be without his grace tonight? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Amen. Let's just turn to our Bibles to Psalms chapter 84. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Verses 1 to 4. [Music] How amiable are thy tabernacles, oh Lord of hosts. My soul longeth. Yeah. Even faintth for the courts of the Lord. My heart and my flesh cry it out for the living God. Can we say amen tonight? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yay. The sparrow had found a house and the swallow a nest for herself where she may lay her young, even thine altars. Oh Lord of hosts, my king and my God. Blessed are they that dwell in thy house. They will be still praising thee. A blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you for the word tonight. Thank you Lord Jesus. Amen. Our soul longed for him tonight. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. For the courts of the Lord. Our flesh cry it out for the living God tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many are thirsty and hungering for more of God tonight. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's forget about ourselves and focus upon him tonight. Give him all the glory that's due unto his name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Praise your wonderful name. Amen. And thank you Jesus. Heavenly Father, Lord, your people have gathered together in your name, Lord, tonight. Lord, we are so humbled, Lord, to be in your presence one more time. We don't overlook it, Father. It's such a privilege. It's a precious moment, Father. And Lord God, we've come to give you praise and worship that's due unto your name. Help us to get out of the way tonight. Father, you come and have your own way, Lord Jesus. Come and deal with our hearts. Come and inspire, come and fill, come and refill your people, Lord. Heal the sick and afflicted, Lord. Lord, as your servant would speak tonight, inspire him, anoint him, give him uncction, Father. And may the spirit of God flow freely tonight, even to those on the internet, Father. Lord, may your people be blessed tonight. Draw us closer to you tonight, Father. We commit the entire service into your hands. Lord, have your perfect way and may everything be done in decency and in order all for your honor and glory in Jesus name with thanksgiving. Amen and amen. Praise God. Give the Lord a hand of praise tonight one more time. Praise God. Amen. Just greet your brother and sister tonight. Amen. Just shake someone's hand. Amen. Go down to seat. Amen. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name. Sing like never before. And oh my soul, Lord, I worship your holy name. Oh Lord, I worship your holy name. Bless the Lord, oh bless the Lord, oh my soul, oh my soul, I worship your holy name. Oh, sing like never before. Oh my soul Lord I worship your holy name. Oh Lord I worship your holy name. One more time. Bless the Lord. Sing bless the Lord. Oh my soul. Oh my soul. I worship your holy name. Oh, sing like, oh my soul [Music] Lord, I worship your holy name. Hope Lord I worship your holy name. Lord Lord I worship your holy name. Sing Lord I worship your holy name. Oh give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Just praise him tonight. Praise him for your deliverance. Praise him for your healing tonight. Praise him because he's God tonight. Worship him. Hallelujah. Blessed be your name, Lord. Blessed be your name, Lord Jesus. Father, we love you tonight. Father, we bless your name tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give him a shout. Give him a praise. Hallelujah. Blessed be your wonderful name. Oh yes, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Blessed be your name. Oh yes Lord. Oh singing I love you Lord. Oh yes singing hallelujah. Love you Lord. Oh singing hallelujah. Love you, Lord. I love you. Ooh. Sing it tonight. Oh, singing. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, we love you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Oh, singing. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, yes, Lord. singing. Hallelujah. Love you, my Lord, I love you. Can we sing it one more time? Sing it. Oh, singing. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Oh, you're singing. Oh, love you, Lord. Sing it. I love you, my Lord. I love you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] He brought me out of the myy. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He put a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, sing and he brought me out of the Hallelujah. He set my feet on a rock to stay. He put a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh my heart was distressed. Ne Jehovah's dread crown. And low in the pit where my sins drag me down. I cry to the Lord from the deep. Mary Cla who tenderly brought me out to go the day and singing he brought me out of the Hallelujah. And he set my feet on the rock to stay. Oh, he put a song in my soul to stay a song of praise. Hallelujah. He gave me a song was a song of praise. By day and by night, it sweet notes I will raise. My heart's overflowing. I'm happy and free. I'll praise my redeemer who has rescued me. Sing he brought me up there. Hallelujah. And he set my feet on the glory. Oh, he put a song in my soul today. A song of praise. I'll let I'll sing of his wonderful mercy. I'll sing of his wonderful mercy to me. I'll praise him. I'll praise him till all men his goodness shall sing. I'll sing of salvation at home and abroad till many shall hear the truth and trust in God. Singing he hallelujah. Yes, Lord. And he set my feet on a rock to stay. And he put a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. One more time. Sing it. He brought me up the hallelujah. He set my feet on up. Oh, and he put a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, give him praise tonight. Just praise him tonight. Hallelujah. Praise him tonight. Thank you, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Father, we bless your name. Father, we praise your name. Oh, you are worthy to be praised, Lord. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh and the saints go marin. Oh and the saints go marin. Oh Lord I want to be in that number. Oh, when the saints go maring them. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh Lord, I want to be in that number. Oh, and the I'm a pilgrim. Oh, I'm a pilgrim and a stranger wandering through, wandering through this world of sin. On my way to that fierce city. On my way to that fair city when the saints when the go maring. Hallelujah. When the saints hallelujah go maring in. Hallelujah. When the saints go maring. Oh Lord, I want to be in that. Oh, and the saints go. Oh, I know I'll see my savior. Oh, I know I'll see my s. If my life is free from sin. If my life is free from heaven's doors will open for me. Heaven's doors will open. When the saints Oh, when the Hallelujah. Oh, when the saints Oh, when the saints, hallelujah, go maring. Oh, when the saints go and shed. Oh Lord, I want to be in that. Hallelujah. When the Oh, when we gather around the throne. Oh, when we gather around the throne and the gates are closed and the gates are closed within, I'll be shouting, "Glory! I'll be shouting gloryy glory when the saints Oh yes Lord. Somebody give him a shout tonight. Somebody give him praise tonight. Oh when the saints go maring. Hallelujah. When the saints go maring. Oh Lord I want to be in that. Hallelujah. and the things go. One more verse. I'm waiting for the chariot. Oh, I am waiting for the to swing low and I'll step in. To swing low and I'll step on the clouds. I'll ride to heaven. On the clouds, I'll ride to heaven. Sing when the saints go maring. One more time. Sing when the sing hallelujah go maring. Hallelujah. When the sing glory yes Lord. Oh Lord I want to be in that. Hallelujah. When the saints go maring. Oh give him praise tonight. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be your wonderful name, Lord. Oh, praise him. Just praise him tonight. Take a few minutes to praise him. Just raise your hands and close your eyes and praise him tonight. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Blessed be your wonderful name. Oh, praise God. Praise the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; Because he lives. I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone. All fair is gone. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Because I know. Oh, he holds the future. [Music] Oh Lord, and life is worth the living just because he lives. God sent his son. God sent his son. They call him Jesus. They him Jes. He came to love, heal, and forgive. He came to love. Oh yes, Lord. Heal and forgive. He lived and died and bought my pardon. Oh, he lived and died. Oh, and bought my path. An empty tomb is there to prove. Oh, an empty tomb is there to prove my Savior lives. Oh, sing it tonight. Because he lives. Because He lives. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, I got face too much [Music] cuz he lives. Oh yes. All fair is now gone. [Music] Because I know because I know [Music] he hold the future and love and my life is worth living just because he lives. One more time. Because he lives. Because he lives. Oh, I can face I can face tomorrow [Music] because Christ lives. Oh, all fair is now gone. Oh, and because I know he holds my future. Oh, and life is worth the living just because he lives. Amen. And amen. Lord, we're thankful. Lord, we're grateful tonight. Because you live, we shall live also. Greater is he that is in us tonight than he that is in the world. Oh, you have defeated everything there is to be defeated. You stand victorious tonight and we are victorious in you tonight. We thank you, Father. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. You are alive. He lives tonight. Amen. He lives forever more. Oh, hallelujah. Great and victorious is his name. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Are you glad to be in his presence? &gt;&gt; Praise God. Thank you so much uh brother Steve Molivi for the song service and musicians. Amen. For the worship tonight. We appreciate them. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Praise God. So, we're so happy to be in the house of God tonight and uh good to be uh back in the fold. Amen. Praise God. So, we're in for another round tonight by the grace of God and we certainly happy to be here. Certainly, thank God for the privilege to preach to you. Amen. Uh you know, it's you're the purchase of Jesus Christ. And uh and so that goes um you know uh without saying a lot, but uh you know, God died for us and uh we are very precious to God. Amen. And so what we say to you tonight uh is very important and uh we want to do it uh uh in spirit and in uh in the right attitude and behavior of the Lord. Isn't that right? So we just we want to be cognizant of that and just uh be reverent now as we approach the word and his presence. So thank you so much musicians. We want to read the scriptures now. And um reading from Exodus, we want to read just one portion of scripture there. uh from the book of Exodus chapter 3 um and verses 11 and 12. Amen. Um so just two verses there. Okay. Exodus 3 and verse 11 and 12 it says, "And Moses said unto God, who am I that I should go unto Pharaoh, and that I should bring forth the children of Israel out of Egypt?" And he said, "Certainly I will be with thee, and this shall be a token unto thee, that I have sent thee. When thou hast brought forth the people out of Egypt, ye shall serve God upon this mountain." May God add blessing to the reading of his word. Let's bow our heads for a prayer. Almighty God, we are happy to be in your presence tonight, Lord. Lord, we thank you for your grace upon our lives, Lord. We thank you for Lord this opportunity we have as sons and daughters of God to be gathered around your throne to gather around your word Lord Jesus to hear you speak to us in these last days Lord that we live in Lord we pray that you would come and breathe life into your word tonight Lord we have a scripture here we have a little inspiration tonight we want to speak on dear God we asking that you would take it Lord into your hands now father and may you use it and bless it Lord and may it be a blessing to your a ministry. Dear God, help us, Lord, tonight to see where you are pointing us to, dear God, to see what you want us to see, Lord. Father, give us eyes to see, Lord. Lord, and speak to our hearts and help us tonight as we have so great need of thee, Lord, in many ways. You know the needs of the people. May you take me out of the way tonight and minister to their needs tonight. We just give everything over to you tonight, Lord, for service. We pray I have your way tonight, Lord, for a few moments as we wait for your presence to come in Jesus Christ's precious name. Amen. And amen. You may have your seats. Amen. So again, we thank God for the privilege to be here. And uh praise God. Praise God. Okay. All right. So just for a title tonight, uh wanted to preach on this subject and it was so interesting because uh I believe brother Gideon administered last last Wednesday and he actually touched on this during the service and it was really wonderful uh how it just flowed right through there with the inspiration that he had and it was such a blessing to us there. But I guess uh uh in a sense we're going to zero in on this scripture here tonight and just kind of bring this thought out. So my title tonight is ye shall serve God upon this mountain. Amen. You shall serve God upon this mountain. You love the Lord tonight. So in this scenario of the scriptures, we find that God's people would have left Canaan. uh they would have left uh uh the desert as it were or the wilderness and they would have made the journey into Egypt and um uh you know so this this all happened just long before Moses and everything else right and um they would have made a journey into Egypt and Joseph and all his house and the people of Israel would have left the desert they would have gone into Egypt and the reason for this was because of as we know the famine There was a famine that was to come, a devastating famine that was to hit everywhere. And if it had not been for the gift that was in Joseph, uh Pharaoh would not have known about it. Egypt, just like all the other nations, would have suffered uh the devastation of this famine. Uh they would have all been consumed by it. They would have all been destroyed by it. But it was just the grace of God upon Joseph's lives that allowed him to interpret the dream that Pharaoh received from the Lord. &gt;&gt; And they didn't know what it was. But God had a man in place uh in spite of the Lord to interpret a dream. And God always has people in place to do his will. God always has someone he could put his hand on and say, "Here's my spirit flowing freely." Throughout the ages, it's always been that way. And we believe tonight without a doubt that there's a people in the land once more that God is going to put his hands on and they are going to be a ministry in these last days. Do you believe it tonight? &gt;&gt; So, Joseph was that man at that time? And he had this gift and he was able to interpret a dream and that's how Egypt escaped the famine. Seven years of plenty, then seven years of famine. And during that time of famine as we know uh uh uh it was it waxed sore upon the land. This is how it was described in the Bible. And because of Joseph's prudence because of his wisdom uh how to deal and manage with the famine and the time of lack or the time of want. Uh he was they were able to have something uh a meal to eat every day. They were they had stored up grain to go back to because someone had the wisdom to put that together. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? And so Egypt because of that wisdom that was in Joseph, Egypt is indebted to Joseph because of the gift of God that is upon his life. &gt;&gt; And he is able to predict this famine and store up grain in order to escape starvation and death. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; Egypt is actually indebted to this man of God. uh because without him their economy would not have survived, their economy would not have prospered. Uh but because God had a gift in place, Egypt survived the famine. They they survived the economic drought. They survived the time of lack, the time of starvation, the time of want, the time when they could not plant anything. God had a man to give out grain. He said, "Lo, here is seed for you." Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; God always makes a way of escape. Every time the devastation comes, every time the destruction comes, he always makes a way of escape for his people throughout every age. And in this story, we see it is exactly the same. And we know that there's a time of destruction that is also coming upon the earth. and and and we know that God is again going to make a way of escape for his people in the last days. He has again made a way for us to get out of it. He he he he never passes us through anything. Praise God. That is too much that we can bear. But in every trial and in every test, he provides a way of escape for us because he loves us tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? Psalms 91 and verse1 says, "He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most high shall abide under the shadow of the almighty. I will say of the Lord that he is my refuge. He is my fortress and in him will I trust. Surely he shall deliver thee, come on now, from the snare of the fowler and from the noisome pestilence. and he shall cover thee with his feathers, and under his wings will you trust. &gt;&gt; Uh he's always made a way of escape. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; For them that love him, &gt;&gt; for them that obey him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And are faithful to his word. &gt;&gt; Amen. And amen. Praise God. So whenever God God has got his hand on you, uh he will never let anything happen to you. Uh because you are the purchased of his. Isn't that right? You are members of his kingdom. You are royal subjects of his kingdom. And because he is responsible for you, he's never going to let anything happen to you because his testimony is on the line. And his testimony says that wherever you go, his spirit is bound to follow after you. Hallelujah. He's supposed to look out for you, protect you. He will never leave you or forsake you. So in order to keep that word, he has to have angels encamped around you to keep you in all your ways lest you dash a foot against a stone. Oh hallelujah. The devil must not be able to point a finger. Praise God and say God is not able to keep his word. No, he can keep his word. Even in the most dire of circumstances, God in any devastation is able to keep his people. &gt;&gt; And we've seen that happen throughout all the ages. Amen. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So, we're building up to this here now. So, they going down to Egypt to dwell all the time. They were in Canaan coming through all through the ages. Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and so forth. When they come down to Joseph and the prophecy, they had to leave that place and go and dwell in Egypt land. Isn't that right? In a strange land. And this was all according to prophecy because God had already spoken to Abraham ages ago and had prophesied that this would happen. that my people would sojourn in a strange land. And so they left that barren desert. Isn't that right? And went into a land that was prospering under the hand of Joseph. Uh uh so they left that far country. Isn't that right? And so I guess to me it was like it was like leaving Trinidad to go live in New York City. you know, leaving Trinidad to go live in London or or Dubai, this megaplex city with business and commerce and industry and people and markets and sheep coat and all these different things that's happening and there was activity and and all these things. Isn't that right? And so they left all that behind and they were actually blessed and the Bible said they actually multiplied in the land of Egypt. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But this was not their promised land. They were just there to escape the famine. This was not God's ideal idea for them to live in. He had a plan. He had a purpose and he had a place where he wanted his people to dwell. Egypt didn't belong to them. It was just a means of escape for that time. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? And so in Exodus 1 in verse 5, it says all of the souls that came out of the loins of Jacob were 70 souls for Joseph was in Egypt already. So they came and met Egypt there. Obviously as we know because Joseph was sold by his brethren uh out of betrayal and sent ahead to preserve life. And so when all these things unfolded, they came in in the aftermath and he said that I am sent here to make a way for you. Isn't that right? And so he made a way for God's people. And that was that season. See? And so now all the souls that came out of the loins of Jacob were 70 souls for Joseph was in Egypt already. And the Bible says, "And Joseph died and all his brethren and all of that generation." And now we're going to observe something here. Now notice that an entire generation has died out. God's people have dwelt down in Egypt long enough for an entire generation to have died out. And now a new generation of God's people are dwelling in this strange land. Amen. &gt;&gt; Uh this old generation would have been connected to the story of the betrayal, to the story of uh uh uh lying to Jacob their father and saying that their brother had died and really selling him out and all that had unfolded. All of that had unfolded. All the forgiveness and all of the repair of the family and all of the welcoming home and the and the reconnecting back. All of that had already passed out now. And that whole generation that was connected to that old story is is perished. and they are in Egypt now. There's a new generation that are not necessarily connected to that story. They know about it, but they didn't live through that. They are in a new day. Uh they are in a new season and and they are in Egypt land and they are prospering. They are not in a land where God wants them to be in, but they are alive and they are found in the grace of God. They are doing well for themselves. Isn't that right? But they are out of touch with God. They are out of touch with the land that God had called them out to walk in. When he had called Abraham out and said, "Walk before me and be thou perfect." They are out of touch with that now. They are in a different place. They are in a big megalopous city with buildings and and cars and streets and praise God. You can dramatize it. Isn't that right? But God's desire is not fulfilled. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because this is not the place that they are meant to live in. This was just a temporary situation to save the 70 that came out from starvation to save them from a famine. But this is not the intended place that God has for his people. And so God's desire is not fulfilled. God has to now create a situation to get his people out of Egypt and into his desired place that he has for them. Isn't that right? Into a land of possession. He has to bring them out of this foreign land and back to the mountain where they can properly serve God. Where they can finally meet this God that their fathers met, meet this God that their fathers worship, meet this God and talk to this God and understand this God that called them out to be a separate people. They were separate and they didn't know why. They were called out and they didn't know why. They had lost. they would come out of touch with their fathers in the wilderness and God's desire for them was not fulfilled in Egypt. So he had to create a situation to get them out of Egypt. &gt;&gt; So the Bible says here and the children of Israel were fruitful and they increased abundantly and multiplied. Amen. Isn't that right? Mothers giving forth bringing forth children bringing forth children generation after generation. They're doing well now. It's wonderful. It's a time before Trump, you know, everything's real real swell. And uh they waxed exceedingly mighty. The land was filled with them. The Bible says, "And then verse 8, there arose up a new king over Egypt, which knew not Joseph." &gt;&gt; And that's where the trouble started. &gt;&gt; Amen. and he wasn't connected to that story because Egypt was only prosperous because of these people that were now filling up the land. They were the reason why Egypt had prospered. Egypt was sent ahead. Egypt's economy was thriving while other kingdoms were trying to pick up the slack. They were sent miles ahead. They were they had a a land of of milk and honey and this and that. They had everything they could ever ask for, grapes and and wheat and everything was overflowing because they were set in a situation that set them ahead of many other nations who had to survive the famine and had to come out of it and start from scratch. Egypt didn't have to start from scratch because they were blessed by the hands of Joseph. But there rose up a Pharaoh who was not connected to that story. There rose up a Pharaoh who did not appreciate that it was the people of God that put Egypt in that condition. Oh hallelujah. And because of that, oh hallelujah, they began to see things a little differently. They began to treat with them a little differently. Watch what the Bible says here. And they rose up a new king over Egypt that knew not Joseph. And he said unto his people, behold, the people of the children of Israel are more mightier than we. Come on, he said, let us deal wisely with them. Watch that now, man's wisdom. lest they multiply. And it come to pass that when they they fall out any war that they join also with our enemies and fight against us. So let us get them up out of the land. And in verse 11, he said, "Therefore they did set over them task masters to afflict them with their burdens, and they built for Pharaoh treasure cities of Pitham and Ramses." Isn't that right? And the more they afflicted them, but the more they afflicted them, the Bible said, the more they multiplied and the more they grew. Isn't that right? The more the enemy tried to smite them is the more God bless them. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. The more God, the enemy tried to smite you is the more God bless you. Oh, hallelujah. Cuz he can't take the blessing off of you. Oh, the devil could watch you, but he can't touch you. Oh, hallelujah. Pray. He tried to take your life, but God keep blessing you. God keep putting a hedge around you. Oh, hallelujah. Because he's got you in his hands and he will not let you go because of who you are. You are blessed tonight and highly favored. God is not going to let anything happen to you that he would not allow. Oh, how you only dwelling in a temporary land. Oh, but even in that land, God promised to bless you. God brought promise your cup would run over. Surely goodness and mercy uh shall follow me uh all the days of my life uh and I will dwell in the house of the Lord and inquire in his temple because in a time of trouble he shall hide me in a pavilion in a secret place he shall hide me and set me up upon a rock. Oh hallelujah. He puts your foot on a rock. &gt;&gt; Oh, and establishes your goings. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Can we say amen? &gt;&gt; So the more they afflicted them, the more they multiplied and grew and they were grieved because of the children of Israel. Oh, the blessing made the enemy upset. When you are being blessed by God, the enemy is confused because what's supposed to bring you down is making you smile. What's supposed to destroy you is building you up. What's supposed to depress you is making you happy. What's supposed to take your joy, take your peace, take your praise, you still overflowing. You still have meal in the barrel. You still have oil in the cruise every Wednesday, every Sunday. And the devil is confused as to how and confused as to where. But my help don't come from the hills. My help cometh from the Lord. The Lord which make heaven and earth. He will not suffer thy foot to be moved. The Lord that keepeth thee will not slumber. The Lord that keepeth thee will not sleep. You could afford to sleep tonight. You could afford to close your eyes and get a good night's rest tonight because he is not slumbering nor is he sleeping. But he is watching, watching for your soul, watching for your going out, uh, watching for your coming in from this time forth. Oh, and even forever more, he is watching over his people. &gt;&gt; And keeping you from all sin and shame. Do you believe that tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen and amen and amen. So they were grieved because of the children of Israel. And the Egyptians made the children of Israel to serve with rigor. And they made their lives bitter with hard bondage in mortar and in brick and all manner of service in the field all their service wherein they made them serve with rigor. Amen. So this is the the pressure coming down upon them now. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And God is allowing this situation uh because he wants to get them out. The eagle when she's ready to get her eaglets to fly has to create an uncomfortable situation for them all the time. The nest is cushy. It is wonderful. It is padded. It has a tempropedic mattress. Um it has feathers and it has perfume and fbreze air refreshener. But there come a time when we got to get that stuff out because them boys have got to get their own nests, get their own food, fly their own flights. Isn't that right? And they can't stay where they are. So, she start to flap the nest. Isn't that right? The prophet described that that getting that nest sticky is how we get them birds to fly. Oh, honey. Because if we make it too comfortable, they will want to stay there forever. And these children was in e of Israel were in Egypt in a very wonderful cushy comfortable lifestyle with economies and buying cars and buying houses and selling this and buying that and building big business and fast food restaurants and doing this and doing that. And God say enough. I need you out of that place because that is not the place I have for you. Oh, I sworn to your fathers to give you a land flowing with milk and honey. I sworn to your fathers to give you a land of possession. So therefore, I can't have you stay here in the cushy life. I got to get you out. I got to make it uncomfortable. And so God, allow task masters to come upon the children of Egypt. And God allow situations in your life. God allow evil to happen. God allow trials to come. God allow situations to come. not allow circumstances to come about to get you out of your comfort zone, to get you out of your relaxation. Oh, you're too at ease in Zion. We need the people of God to pray. You need to have a reason to go on your knees and cry out to God and say, "God, have mercy. God, help me. God, I'm fumbling. I'm fumbling with my finances. I'm fumbling with my family. I'm fumbling with my situation. I need you." God has to create a situation. &gt;&gt; Makes it very uncomfortable &gt;&gt; to dwell in the land of peace. &gt;&gt; Amen. Or ease in Zion. He has to make it uh uh like a rock so that you could go to crying out on God. That was the whole thing because once they go to crying out on God, now God could go into action. God could not go into action until they cry. But they had to have a reason to cry. And it was too wonderful in Egypt. So let's create a reason. &gt;&gt; There rose up a pharaoh who knew not Joseph. &gt;&gt; And that's where the trouble started. Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Amen. So the king of Egypt spoke to the Hebrew midwives which one of name was Shippra, the next name was Pua. And he said unto them, when you do the office of a midwife, listen to this. To the Hebrew women and see them upon the stools. He's telling his instructions to these midwives, these two midwives that are identified in the scripture. And it's such a lovely sub story. We'll just talk on this for a little bit. If it be a son, he said, then ye shall kill him. But if it be a daughter, then she shall live. So they have specific instructions that if the Hebrew mothers bring forth a boy, that boy is to be killed. And if those Hebrew mothers bring forth a girl, let that girl live. And the whole idea was to de uh I guess remove the strength of the people because the strength would be in the sons to go to war and to work and to and to and to labor and so forth like that. Isn't that right? So they're trying to break the backbone of the society of the Hebrews uh uh by letting their their their women outnumber the men. Isn't that right? That that's the strategy they're trying to do. But the Bible said here in verse 17, the midwives feared God. And they did not as the king of Egypt commanded, &gt;&gt; but save the men and children alive. And the king of Egypt called for the midwives. And he asked them, he said, "Why have you done this thing, and have saved the men and children men alive?" And the midwives said unto Pharaoh, "Because the Hebrew women are not as the Egyptian women, for they are lively, and are delivered air. the midwives coming in unto them. And the Bible said here now God dwelt with the well with the midwives and the people multiplied and waxed very mighty. It was the will of God upon these two midwives here in scripture that they let these men live. Amen. Isn't there let the children live and so on and multiply because they were the ones to see about it. Pharaoh wasn't looking at every child that was born. He put these two women in charge. But God inspired these women to still let these men children live. Isn't that right? And God dwelt well with the midwives. And the people multiplied and waxed very mighty. And the Bible said, "It came to pass because the midwives fear God that he made them houses." &gt;&gt; And here is our here's the shout in the text that just because you're living under an evil regime doesn't mean you have to be evil, too. Just because you're living under tyrant regime or living in a regime where evil is being administered does not give you an excuse. These two he uh Egyptian women did something remarkable in scripture. They stood for God. They were inspired by God in spite of the regime that they were living under. They were living under a tyrants. Oh, who wanted to kill and destroy. But they saw the purpose of God and put the purpose of God above the tyrants. They put the purpose of God above this dictator above this administrator. And whenever you are inspired of God, oh to do the will of God and you put that above man. God will bless you. God will make a way for you. God will see you true because you put God's word &gt;&gt; above every other man's word. Let every man's word be a lie. &gt;&gt; Let God's word be true. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; If you're a police officer and you're in the police service and the police service is corrupt, that does not give you an excuse to be corrupt like them. If you know better, you should do better. If you're in a job and the job is corrupt and they're teifing and they're lying and they telling this and they doing that, it doesn't give you an excuse to do differently. You know the Bible, you know what it stands for, you know the word, you will be judged by this, not what your employer does, not what your ruler does, not what some man does or what some woman does. You are going to be judged by this. So let this be your guide. Let this be your benchmark. Let this be your measuring stick. Let this be your absolutes. Let this be the code that you live by. And God will bless your actions. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; Some people do things a certain way. Say, "Well, my boss did it like that, so that's how I do it." &gt;&gt; That sounds okay. That sounds reasonable on this level. But go explain that to God. Go tell God that same story and see if it ring in the same way. You understand what I'm saying? You're going to be judged by this. If you know that forgiveness, the Bible teaches forgiveness and you don't do it, then you'll be held responsible for the things that you know and don't do. Praise God. Isn't that right? You know better. Praise God. Hallelu. So, don't let anybody sway you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I love this this this story because these two midwives were real pioneers. &gt;&gt; Amen. And they were uh willing to do uh right in spite of wrong. Amen. And so God blessed them. Bible said God blessed them. Give them houses. Amen. Give them a place to dwell in. My my He made a way for them. And God will make a way for you when you do right. God will make a way for you when you choose right in spite of the circumstance. Choose right in spite of the situations. Choose right in spite of every example that you see in front of you. Let Christ be your example. Amen. is not right. Let forgiveness be example. Amen. Love, joy, peace, longsuffering. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let that be your your guidance and teach it. Let it show you how to treat with not just yourself but with others. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So that you could live Christ to them cuz that's the whole purpose. Isn't that right? Amen. Amen. Okay, that's little point there I want to bring out. All right. The 11 tonight. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Said so so so the people of Egypt are in bondage now. So the situation has changed. They're no longer in this blessed place. They're now in bondage. And God changes the season on them. And now someone might say, well, why would God allow God's people to come under such hardship? He can't deliver them. The public the reason is he can't deliver them until they needed deliverance. Isn't that he can't bless them until they they needed a blessing. They can't he can't answer their cry until they cry for something. And so God had to send his promised deliverance pray because there was a need for deliverance. Isn't that right? He had to send his promise that he made to their father Abraham. Isn't that right? Glory to God that he would bring him into our own land, a land of possession and so forth. Isn't that right? And now God sends his deliverance by way of Moses. Amen. And we know the story. Isn't that right? Moses went down to Pharaoh said, "I have a message not from any man, but from the I am that I am." He had a message for Pharaoh. You have held my people captive long enough, but the hour of God's deliverance is come. Oh, let my people go. And as the Bible said, he said, "Let my son go." This was God's words. "Let my son go that they may serve me in the desert." Isn't that right? But if you do not let my son go, then I will kill your son. Isn't that right? Hallelujah. And when God ready, when God was ready, he caused an attraction on the mountain. It all started on a mountain tonight. And Moses said, "I will turn aside to see what is this attraction that is on the mountain." And when Moses made that decision, God's plan of deliverance begin to unfold right there. Isn't that right? God was getting ready to enforce his deliverance for his people tonight. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? And the prophet said here on restoration of the bright tree, he said, "Enforce." He said, "Then we have the privilege tonight to enforce upon Satan the claims that God will give us. For God has a law and his word is law." And God in his word made certain claims for the church. Therefore, we have a right tonight to force these claims upon Satan and say, "Give it back." And he has to do it. Oh, hallelujah. Hallel joy belongs to you. Peace belongs to you. You deserve to have your own land, a land of blessing, a land of prosperity. You can ask for your inheritance tonight. He said, "Give it back." And he has to do it because we take God's agent, the Holy Spirit, and go right to our knees. The prophet said, and we say, "It's thus sayeth the Lord." And the prophet said, "The devil has got to give it up." That is because the Holy Spirit is there to make him do it. Oh, who is the Holy Spirit? The enforcer. He is there to make sure to enforce your claim. If you want deliverance, lift up your hands and claim deliverance. The people of Israel begin to claim their deliverance. Oh, they said, "God, you promise a deliverer. Where is our deliverance?" And when God heard the cries of his people, he knew he had to send an enforcer to get his people out of Egypt. And that's what the burning bush was all about. It was God's enforcer. It was God's angel in the form of a fire to go down and tell those people, "Let my people go." He went down to Egypt land. And I don't care what devil you are facing tonight. I don't care what demon, what darkness, what confusion in your mind. The enforcers on the air tonight. The Lord himself descended on earth with a shout, with a voice of the archangel. Isn't that right? He come down with a pillar of cloud, rainbow upon his head, his feet as it were, pillars of fire, one foot upon the earth, one foot upon the sea. The enforcer has already come down. Uh, according to Revelation 10, uh, that angel is on the earth. Uh, the prophet is no longer here, but the enforcer is here tonight. And we have a right tonight, oh, to claim any scripture tonight and enforce the the law of God upon the devil tonight. If you want the Holy Ghost, God can enforce that power tonight. God can enforce that claim tonight. If you want deliverance, God can enforce it tonight. If you need healing, God can enforce it tonight. If you need salvation, he can enforce it tonight. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And his power is here tonight. His pillar of fire is here tonight on the earth moving things around enforcing his law, enforcing a time of deliverance upon the people of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Isn't that right? You believe it? &gt;&gt; Amen. At that time, Michael shall stand up everyone that is found written in the Lamb's book of life and my people shall be delivered. God in the form of an angel to make sure you get delivered. Now make sure your family get delivered. Make sure your household gets delivered. Claim that promise tonight. Amen. Amen. Says uh he has to give it up. Isn't that right? The law of the land is to enforce. It's by the law the land is by the land for the land. Prophet said and by the law the spirit of God is to force Satan to give up that which he has unrightfully deceitfully taken from God. Souls of men that he took from God, souls of women, sickness and so forth in the body he placed upon people. Praise God. Amen. And the church is given the rightful legal rights by the Bible to take the Holy Spirit and enforce this upon him. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And so the enforcer came down. So you know the story. Moses went out there with a message to Pharaoh. Let my people go. Amen. Of course, it wasn't easy. It was a journey. Praise God. Hallelujah. He came, he kept coming back. Plague after plague. Let my people go that they may serve me. But Pharaoh hardened his heart against Moses. And God drop another plague on them and another plague and another plague. And Moses come again and said, "Pharaoh, be reasonable. God is not going to let it off easy. He wants his people out. You have to let them go." Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Phara uh Moses and and they grew up together. But this was no play talk. This was a war talk. Praise God. This was h negotiation happening. Praise God. And God was not about to negotiate. Amen. He wanted his people out of there. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. And Moses was only a spokesperson telling Pharaoh, "Be reasonable." Praise God. But he didn't want to hear it. And God knew that. See, told Moses, he said, "I'll harden Pharaoh's heart against them." But to get them out, he wanted to prove himself. Praise God. But how Egypt had risen risen up in pride and arrogance thinking that they were the ones that blessed themselves not regarding the story of how they even got blessed in the first place. Disregarding the hand of God in their lives that brought them to the point that they are at now. &gt;&gt; They forgot all about that. They they they got puffed up in themselves and thought themselves to be a great nation. And that was their great downfall. And God brought them down. The same God that raised them up is the same God that brought them down. He raised up kings and he bringeth down kingdoms for his name's sake and for his word. You better line up with the word. Don't you line up with a kingdom. Don't you line up with some king somewhere. You line up with the word of God because heaven and earth will pass away but my word shall never pass away. &gt;&gt; His word is what will stand. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Regardless of what what happens. Praise God. Isn't that right? Amen. &gt;&gt; So, this is the place where God wants to meet you. Let's head to Texas and get out of here. Amen. Bring the people back to this mountain that they may serve me upon this mountain. That was God's words. And there's a place where God wants to meet you. Isn't that right? He told Moses, he brought the people out of Egypt to serve God upon this mountain. God wants his people to love him. Isn't that right? He wants his people to serve him. But you've got to make the journey up the mountain to meet with God. God is not going to stay down there where you are tonight. You have to go up where he is in order to meet with him. Isn't that right? God's desire is to bring you back. Back to the Bible, back to your inheritance, back to true worship, back to true sunship, back to sanctification, back to uh Amen. justification. Is that right? Back to holy living, back to the Bible. Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; Prophet said on the father, he always come. He said the time has come for the signs to follow the believers. He said we are at the end time. We are in the latter rain. We are at the time when men will be heavy and high-minded. Lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God. Truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent and despised of those that are good, heady, and high-minded. The prophet said, "The time has come when they are teaching doctrines of devils, perverting the Bible, teaching into theories and theologies to draw groups of people away to them. But the time has come that God will gather his church together soon under one great banner of the Lord Jesus, and he begin to pour out his powers among them, and great signs and wonders will take place." The prophet said, "The time has come." He said, "The time has come for the Pentecostal church to make his stand." He said, "The time has come to circumcise the church and call off this foolishness." He said, "The time has come to go back to the old landmark." Oh, the time has come, he says, for the outpouring. The time has come for the gathering of the people. The time has come for Jesus to come. the time will be here soon to give out the rewards. He says, "Brother, be careful that your crown isn't set on someone else's head." He said, "Because the time is come," he said, "and we're at the end time. If we're ever going to do anything, brethren, we're going to do it now. Because the time is at hand." Amen. Isn't that right? Oh my. Psalms 24 says, "The earth is the Lord and the fullness thereof, the world that dwell therein." Verse three says, "Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord?" Talking about that mountain, isn't that right? Or who shall stand in his holy place? This is a condition. He that had clean hands and a pure heart, who had not lifted up his soul unto vanity, nor sworn deceitfully, he shall receive a blessing from the Lord, and righteousness from the God of his salvation. Oh, this is the generation of them that seek him, of them that seek thy face, oh Jacob. Lift up your heads, O gates, and be lift up. He everlasting doors, and the King of glory shall come in. Who is this king of glory, the Lord strong and mighty, the Lord mighty in battle? Lift up your heads, O ye gates, and be and even lift them up everlasting doors and the King of glory shall come in. Who is this king of glory? The Lord of hosts. He is the King of glory tonight. Isn't that right? Oh, hallelujah. God met Abraham upon the mountain and God told Abraham after he had waited for a son for 25 long years, God told Abraham, "Offer that son up to me." Oh, and it was a test of obedience. Isn't that right? But in order to God obey God's command, he had to take a long journey up the mountain because that's where he had to meet God. Oh, hallelujah. He told his men, I and the lad go up and I and the lad come back down. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; Oh, he went up there and while he was making his journey up, God was making his journey up also. They was going to meet on behalf. Oh, h but you've got to press your way. There's something you've got to do tonight. Just as God called his people, Israel, out of a land of bondage, into a land of possession, he brought them back to the mountain, back to the typost, back to the absolutes, back to the shortity of God's word, back to his commandments, back to his love, back to his peace, to walk after God, to be free to worship, to be free to praise God. Oh, we've got to make the journey tonight. We've got to come out of Egypt. We've got to come out of confusion. We've got to come out of where we are. Come out of bondage and walk before God and be perfect and meet God upon that mountain. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Isn't that right? Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. You've got to be convinced tonight about your mountain. God wants to meet you there. You have to have a desire to meet your Lord. My God. Oh, he said, "And now, behold, the Lord had kept me alive as he had said these 40 and 5 years since the Lord spake the word unto Moses." Oh, hallelujah. Now I am this day, four score and 5 years old. And I am just as strong this day as I was in the day that Moses sent me. My strength is then, so is my strength now for war to go out and to come in. Verse 12, now therefore give me this mountain. And he says, "Whereof the Lord spake in that day? For thou heard that the Anakims were there, and the cities were great and fenced." And he said, "If so beh the Lord be with me, then I shall be able to drive them out as the Lord had said, God's going to give you power tonight to drive out the inhabitants of the land because that mountain belongs to you tonight. Who art thou, oh great mountain before Zerubabel? Thou shalt become a plain uh and he shall bring forth the headstone which shouts crying grace grace grace unto it. There is a mountain tonight that we have to possess. There is a mountain that God is bringing us back to. Uh he's bringing us out of doubt, bringing us out of fear, bringing us out of confusion. Everything the devil tried to do to you is going to fail. It's going to fall. The kingdom of heaven hell is crushed tonight. Oh, the kingdom of heaven is at hand. Oh, let's go on to possess our individual inheritance. Let's go on. Let's get out of here. Hey, get out of Egypt. Praise God. And possess our mountain tonight. Oh, to meet God up there. Hallelujah. Isn't that right? And we know that that scripture says Jesus is the chief cornerstone. He's also the headstone. And we're getting ready to ring up here now. And if we think for a few minutes, you think that the he said that the seven church messenger was to restore the faith of the children back to the fathers. In other words, he said, "Rebuild the church again under the power of the spirit." Oh, not by power, not by might, but by my spirit, sayeth the Lord. Not by an organization, not by a denomination, but by the Holy Spirit. God is going to bring forth the church in the last day. Oh, so God is going to release his Holy Spirit one of these old days. What's the purpose? To rebuild the pyramid. What's the purpose? To come back to the mountain. Oh, we've been journeying for all these years. We've been going through this and through that, but the time has come to turn northward tonight. Let's go on to possess. Let's go on to what we know is our own tonight and get back to the mountain. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Isn't that right? God wants to meet us. Praise God. In a special place, a place of worship tonight. Isn't that right? That's the way the body of Christ should be. So cut by the Holy Spirit by God's great instrument and tool that we be joined as one person. He said we're not divided. We should not be we should be one person. He says, and it goes to show that no machinery can do that that way. It take God to do that. No mechanics of organization, no lodges, none of these things could ever do it. As good as their intentions are, they could never do it because that it takes God to do this. The Holy Spirit. Amen. Isn't that right? Oh, praise God. Musician can get ready to come. All that God was, he poured into Christ. All that Jesus was, he pours into the church. God wanting his work done, he sent it into his son. And the son wanting the work done, he sent it into the church to continue to work. Isn't that right? He said, "And that day you shall know I am in the Father, the Father in me, and I in you and you in me." He said, "And at that day, because the same power of God was in Jehovah, God rested in Jesus Christ." He said, "And the same power, praise God, that rested in Jesus Christ, rest in the place sons on the body of Christ." Isn't that right? He said, "Place him of a son. Take him out to a certain place. Have a ceremony before angels. Place him positionally what he is in the body of Christ. And then that person has the authority." And the prophet said, "Let me say this. If you count me a fanatic from this night on," he said, that very same thing that I'm speaking of will be done. He said there'll be a power put into the church and now is coming in that the Holy Spirit will so anoint the people until they speak the word and it'll create itself right there. He said we haven't seen powers like it's coming into the church now. He said I know it for a fact. Oh, he said to this mountain be moved and don't doubt in your heart but believe that what you've said shall come to pass. you can have what you said. He said the placing of the church in position where the fullness of the power of the Holy Ghost comes into the church. He said, "And then the critics's mouths will be shut." He said, "It'll be a short time. Jesus come right off the mountain and went straight to CH Calvary." Notice it won't last long, but it will be here. Amen. Many men. Praise God. And then the prophet said, "I'm the only building. The hour is close at hand when you're going to see something happen. When something is going to take place and all of this background here has only been laying a foundation for a short quick message that will shake the whole nation. Isn't that right? Amen and amen. Praise God. Amen. Last quote and I'm finished. Prophet said, "Now we know that Christianity has been growing in the grace of God through the years." You could play something softly. Martin Luther was the first reformer of the dark age and he preached justification by faith. How many knows that? And then the church was like like a pyramid. It was down there. Great. Anybody ever seen uh professor to be a Christian? Uh it was dangerous of being killed. See, if anybody has ever been in Egypt, he said those stones are so closely fit together till you can't place a razor between them. That's where the mystery. How do they get them up there? He said they fit perfect. And now the headstone, it'll have to be stones that's made up here at the top ready for the headstone. It'll have to be so honed perfectly until when it comes it'll have to fit just exactly with it to make that building complete. Is that right? And so the church, he said, now if the headstone come in Luther's time, it would have been an outway place. It would have been. And he said, look, if it come in Wesley's time, it would have been outway. Isn't that right? It's God. He said, it will come in its own predestinated time all the way at the top. See, but the church will be honed in such a condition until the church's ministry will be so close. Listen to this. And be just exactly the same kind of a ministry. Oh. Huh. That's what he's calling us back to. For the church to be just exactly the same kind of a ministry that Jesus had to make it all fit together for the rapture. He said like the head knows more than the feet. See, the eyes are more used than the feet. The eyes is a profit of the church for it foresees. See, and all these things come in the head in the head part. He said, "But now I believe that there's a church coming into that perfection, that ministry of perfection where the offices where apostles and prophets, teachers, pastors, evangelists for the perfecting of the church, you begin to stand them pastors, teachers, and so forth will be so with the word until the whole thing will work right up into the coming of the Lord." He said, "I believe that, and I believe that we're nearing that time now. I believe it is so. May the Lord bless you. I'm finished tonight. Oh, let us go on to perfection. Oh, hallelujah. Let us come out of Egypt. Oh, hallelujah. And back to that mountain. Back to the Bible. Back to where God is calling us to. Back to our inheritance tonight. May the Lord richly bless you. Praise God. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you. Let's just praise him. Lift your hands and worship him tonight. Oh, hallelujah. Give him glory. Give him praise. Please give him honor. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you father. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. As brother Steven comes and sing you out. God rich you. Bless you. Oh hallelujah. He will make a way. God will. Oh God will make a way. Oh, God will God will make a way. Oh, hallelujah. God bless. [Music] He works and ways. &gt;&gt; Oh, he cannot see. He will make a way for me. He will be my guide. Hold me closely too with love and strength. &gt;&gt; For each new day, he will make a way. God will make a way. Sing it tonight. Oh, God will make you believe that tonight. Yes, Lord Jesus. where there seems. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, he works in ways we cannot see. He will make a He will be. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Hold me closely to his side. Oh Lord. Oh Lord. Oh, I'll go with him. With him [Music] all the way. Where he leads tonight. Sing where he leads. Mia. Oh, he's leading up the mountain tonight. Oh yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, where he leads me, I will follow. Oh, where he leads me. I will follow. Yes, Lord. Oh, I'll go with him. with him all the way. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Give the Lord a hand of praise tonight. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Blessed be your wonderful name, oh Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Savior. Thank you for the word tonight, Lord Jesus. Thank you for the words of encouragement tonight, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you for your servant tonight. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, you shall serve God upon this mountain. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Lead your people, Father. Bring us back to that place in Christ Jesus. Oh, blessed be your wonderful name. Thank you, Father. Give him a hand of praise tonight. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Savior. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Amen. He's bringing us back to that mountain. Amen. Tonight, even Mount Pyramid. Amen. All the way up to charity tonight. You appreciate the message tonight. You appreciate God's servant. Brother Anthony, God bless you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Father. Amen. So, let's just bow our heads and close our eyes. Do you want to get ready to pick up the tithes and offering? I will praise him. Let's see. Thank you, Lord. The brothers get ready to pick up. Amen. The tithes and offering. Heavenly Father, we just pause to bless the tithes and offering that would be collected, Lord. May it be used for the honor and your glory. May you sanctify it. Bless those that would give. Lord, cheerful giver. Provide for those, Lord, who don't have at this time. May your holy spirit be with your people tonight. We commit everything now into your hands in Jesus name. Amen. I will praise him. I will praise them. Brothers can come forward and I will praise him. [Music] I will praise him. [Music] Praise the lamb for sinner's slave. Give him glory. Yeah. Holy people. For his blood has washed away each day. When I saw the cleansing fountain. Oh, singing. When I saw the cleansing fountain, open wide for all my sins. Sing, "Oh, open wide for all my sins. I obey the spirit's wooing." Sing, "I obey the spirits." Ooh. When he said, "Will thou be clean?" Oh, sing it. when he said, "Will thou be clean? I will praise him tonight." Or praise him with all your heart tonight saying, "I will praise him. I will." Or Oh, raise your hands tonight. Praise the Lamb for sinners. Oh, give him glory. Give him glory people. Oh, for his love can wash away thee. Though the way seems straight and narrow. Oh, sing. And though the way seems straight and narrow, all I claim was swept away. Oh, and all I claimed was swept away. My ambitions, plans, and wishes. Oh my ambitions, plans and wishes at my feet in ashes lay. Singing at my feet in ashes. Oh, lay them at the feet of Jesus tonight. Oh, and just praise him tonight. Sing in I. Oh, praise him with all your heart tonight. Oh, sing I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners sl give him glory. Sing him in glory. He people for his blood can wash away each of last. Blessed be the name of Jesus. Oh, and sing and bless. Sad be the name of Jes. Oh, I'm so glad he took me in tonight. Sing, I'm so glad he took me in. He's forgiven my transgressions. Oh, singing. He's forgiven my trans. He has cleansed my heart from sin. Oh, and he has cleansed my heart. The service tonight. Oh, blessed be a wonderful name. Praise God. Amen. Amen. We shall serve God upon this mountain. May it find a resting place in our hearts. And Lord, may we be led by his spirit, Father. May we be leadable as it were, Father, to obey your voice, Father, and following the footsteps up the mountain, Lord, Lord, to the cross, Father, wherever it is that you would lead us, Father, through the fire, Lord, as it were, Lord, wherever it is, Father, Lord, may we be led by his spirit, Father. For they that are led by the Spirit, they are the sons of God. Father, Lord, we pray that you would bless your people as they would leave this place tonight, but not from your presence. May your presence go with them, Lord, and go in their cars and the homes and the families and the lives of the people. And bring us back on Friday for the uh the Zoom Bible study, Lord, and and on Sunday, Father, to praise and worship you like never before. Have your perfect way tonight. Continue, Lord, to minister to your people. Heal the sick, Lord. Raise the dead as it were, Father. Raise up the downtrodden, Father. Lord, strengthen your people, Father, naturally and spiritually, Lord, for the battle that lays ahead. Father, we commit everyone now into your hands. Take us home safely. Remember your servant, our pastor, Father, on the battlefield, Father. May you clothe him with your love and your grace and your strength, Father. Lord, may your Holy Spirit, oh Lord, pour out upon him, Lord, and bless the meetings in a special way, Father. Lord, and bring him back safely, Lord, to us, Father. We commit everything now into your hands in Jesus precious and wonderful name with thanksgiving. Amen and amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise tonight. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you father. Blessed be your wonderful name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Turn around and greet your brother and sister. Big smile. A big Amen. Greeting tonight. Hallelujah. He never failed me yet. Is it f is it? Amen. Praise God. So, God bless you tonight. Uh, Bible study on Friday at 8:00 p.m. on Zoom. Amen. And service on Sunday at 1000 a.m. Praise God. God richly bless you. Amen. We are dismissed tonight. Let's go on team. He never failed me yet. He never failed me yet. Jesus Christ never fail me. And everywhere I go, I want the world to know Jesus Christ never fail me yet. God bless you tonight. He never failed me yet. He never failed me yet. Jesus Christ never failed me yet. And everywhere I go, I want the world to know Jesus Christ never ever fail me yet. Oh, know ye not, know ye not, ye are the temper. Know ye not, know ye not, ye are the temple. Know ye not, know ye not. Ye are the temple. We are the temple of the Holy Ghost. I'm walking up seven steps to perfection. I'm walking up seven steps to perfection. I'm walking up seven steps to perfection. Receive the fullness of the Holy Ghost. Oh, know ye not, know ye not. Ye are the temper. God bless you tonight. Oh, glory to God. Ye are the temple. Oh, know ye not, no ye not. Ye are the temple. Ye are the temples of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Blessed be your wonderful name. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
