################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-19 - There’s Got To Come An Ephesians To This - Bro. Anthony O'Brien - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-19
Title:   There’s Got To Come An Ephesians To This - Bro. Anthony O'Brien
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkNU95EbDKA
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. We worship you all. You are worthy to be praised. [Music] Oh, you are alpha and omega. We worship our Lord. You are worthy to be praised. Your help for this morning. Sing. You are omega. We worship you alone. You are worthy to be praised. We give you all the glory. We worship you, oh Lord. You are worthy to We give you all the glory this morning. We give you all the glory. We worship you oh Lord. You are worthy to all your heart this morning. You're alpha omega. You are alpha and omega. We worship you oh Lord. You are worthy. [Music] Oh this morning Jesus. Oh you are alpha and omega. We worship you are Lord. You are worthy to be praised. We give you all the glory. We worship you Lord. You are worthy to be. We give you all the glory. All of the glory we give you all the glory. [Music] We worship you Lord. You are worthy to be praised. Just give him praise this morning. We worship you, Jesus. We give you all the glory this morning. We give you all of the honor this morning cuz you alone are worthy Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory to your name, Lord. Hallelujah to your name, Lord. Glory and honor, blessing and power is due unto your name this morning. Hallelujah. Glory to God in the highest. Glory to God in the highest. Just praise him this morning. Just thank him this morning. Hallelujah. [Music] Glory. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Oo, hallelujah. Isn't he wonderful this morning? He's the alpha and the omega, the beginning and the end. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Amen. If you have your Bibles, let's just turn the Psalms 24. Amen. Reading from verses 1 to 10. Amen. The earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof, the world and they that dwell therein. For heath founded upon the seas, and establish it upon the floods. Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord? Who shall stand in his holy place? He that had clean hands and a pure heart, who had not lifted up a soul unto vanity, nor sown deceitfully, he shall receive the blessing from the Lord and the righteousness from the God of his salvation. This is the generation of them that seek him, that seek thy face, oh Jacob sila, lift up your heads, Ze gates, and be lift up your everlasting doors, and the King of glory shall come in. Who is this king of glory? The Lord strong and mighty. The Lord mighty in battle. Lift up your heads, O ye gates. Even lift them up. Be everlasting doors. And the King of glory shall come in. Who is this King of glory? The Lord of hosts. He is the King of glory. Amen. The Lord have blessing to read of the word this morning as we play that song. He alone is worthy. Amen. Let's just pause it for a prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you this morning. We thank you, Lord, for guiding us together, Lord Jesus, to praise you, to worship you, to magnify your name, Lord. Lord, you're a healer this morning. You're the mighty conqueror this morning. You're the great physician this morning, Jesus. Lord, you are more than able to supply each and all our needs, Lord Jesus Christ. Have your perfect way in this service. May each hearts be blessed, Lord. Father, fill us up with your love and your spirit, Lord Jesus. Bless the time of worship. Bless this time of praise in Jesus Christ's name I pray. Amen and amen. He alone is worthy to worship and adore. The lamb of love, victorious, my glorious my redemption. All righteousness is here. Exalt the name of Jesus. He is worthy. He alone is worthy. He alone is worthy [Music] to worship and adore the lamb of God. Victorious our rises our redemption our rightousness is he [Music] exalt the name of Jesus He is worthy. Oh, Lord this morning. [Music] Just lift your hands and sing that song. Sing it with all your heart this morning. The lamb of God. Victorious my reason. Lord [Music] is my redemption. My rightousness. Yes, he exalt the name of Jesus. He is worth. Just one more time this morning. He alone is worthy. He alone is worthy to worship and adore the lamb of God. Victorious my r. He purchase my redemption. All righteousness is here. Exalt the name of Jesus. He is well. Exalt the name this morning. Exalt the name of Jesus. He is the word. Exalt the name. Exalt the name. Exalt the name of Jesus. He is worthy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He alone is worthy this morning. He alone is worthy this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a shout of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Glory to God in the highest. Amen. Amen. Amen. As you turn and greet your neighbor in Jesus name. There's someone that says Jesus knows all about our struggles. Amen. Oh Jesus knows all about our struggles. He will guide till the day is done. There's not a friend like the lonely Jesus. No, not one. No, not one. singing. Jesus knows all about our struggles. He will guide till the day is done. There's not a friend like the lonely Jesus. No, not one. No, not one. There's not a friend like the lonely Jesus. No, not one. No, not one. No else can heal all our soul diseases. No, not one. No, not one. Singing Jesus knows all about our struggles. He will guide till the day is done. There's not a friend like the lonely Jesus. No, not a one, no one. singing. No friend like him is so high and holy. No, not one. No, not and yet no friend is so meek and lonely. No, not one. No, not one. Singing Jesus knows all about our struggles. He will guide till the day is done. There's not a friend like the lonely Jesus. No, not a one. No. Jesus knows. Sing. Jesus knows all about our struggles. He will guide till the day is done. There's not a friend like the lonely Jesus. No, not one. No. Let's sing a verse again. Singing. There's not a friend like the lonely Jesus. No, not one. No, not one. Singing no else could heal all our souls diseases. No, not one. One more time sing. Jesus knows all about our struggles. He will guide till the day is done. There's not a friend like the lonely Jesus. No, not one. Put your hands together this morning. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise him this morning. Worship him this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, no. Not one. No. One more time. Sing. Jesus knows all about our struggles. He will guide till there's not a friend like the lonely Jesus. No, not one. No, not one. Give the Lord a shout of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God in the highest. Amen. Amen. Many many many amen. Oh, whatever you need this morning, he can provide it this morning. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Many many many amen. Oh, glory to God in the highest. &gt;&gt; There's going to be a meeting in the air. &gt;&gt; You believe that this morning? &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you, Jesus. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, there is going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet sweet by and by. I am going to meet you and greet you over there in the home beyond the skies. Well, such sing you will hear never heard by mortal lamb will be glorious. I do declare and God's own son will be the leading one at a meeting in the end. Oh, there is going to be a meeting in the end. In the sweet sweet by [Music] I am going to meet you and greet you over there in the hole beyond the skies. else start singing you will never put my mortal will be glorious I do and God's own son will be the leading one at the meeting let's sing a verse you have heard of little Moses in the b rush You have heard of Phil as David and his swing. You have heard a story told of dreaming Joseph and of Jonah and the will we often sing. For there are many many others through the Bible. I will like to meet them all. I do declare and by and by the Lord will surely let us meet him at the meeting in the air. Oh, there is going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet sweet by and by. I am going to meet you and greet you over there in the hope beyond the skies. Well, such singing you will have never could my mortal will be glorious. I do declare and God's own son will be the leading one at the meeting. Turn and tell somebody this morning, "Oh, there is going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet, sweet by and by. I am going to meet you and greet you over there in the beyond the skies. We'll start singing. You will heaven never hurt my mortal land will be glorious. I do I do I do declare and God's own son will be the leading one at a meeting in the air. know there is going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet sweet [Music] I am going to meet you and greet you over there in the home beyond the skies will s singing you will never mortal The land will be glorious. I do I do I do declare and God will be after me. Oh and in the sweet by and by. Oh, we shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet fire and fire. We shall meet on that beautyful shore. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. [Music] Oh, and the spirit shall sorrow no more. Not a sign for the blessed sin of rest. Oh, I believe Jesus says and his blood washes white and soul. I believe my Jesus s and his blood wash this wine. One more time in the sweet by and by this morning. Oh Jesus in the sweet my and my we shall meet on the beautiful shore in the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beful shore. Glory. Glory. Thank you, Jesus. Praise him this morning. Praise him this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My my my my my Lord. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. You love him this morning. You feeling fine this morning? &gt;&gt; Oh, glory to God in the highest. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let the rain of your presence fall on me. You feel that way this morning? Let's just lift our hands and sing that song. Oh, let the rain of your presence fall on me. [Music] Every day that I live, with every breath I breathe, let the rain of your presence fall on me. [Music] Everywhere that I go, Lord, let your presence flow. Rain on me. Rain on. Let it rain this morning. Let the rain of your presence fall on me. [Music] Every day that I live, with every breath I breathe, oh let your presence fall on me. [Music] Everywhere that I go, Lord, let your presence flow. [Music] Rain of love divine. Love divine. Joy unspeakable is overflowing [Music] in my soul. And the tire of mind is refreshed and at rest in your presence. In pray love divine sing love divine joy and speak is overflowing in my soul. This heart of mine is refreshed and at rest in your presence. Oh, in your presence. Let it rain this morning. Let the rain of your presence fall on me. Every day that I live, with every breath I breathe, let the rain on your presence fall on me. Everywhere that I go, Lord, let your presence flow. Rain on me. Sing rain on me. Sing love divine, love divine. Joy unspeakable is overflow when in my soul. And this heart of mine is refreshed and at rest in your presence. Oh, in your presence love divine single love divine joy of speak is overflowing in my soul. This heart of mine is refreshed and at rest in rest. [Music] Let the rain of your presence fall on me. Oh, everywhere that I go, Lord, let your presence fall. Rain on me. Rain on. One more time. Love divine. Oh love divine joy on speed overflowing in my soul. This heart of mine is refreshed and at rest in your presence. in your presence one more time. Let the rain of your presence fall on me [Music] everywhere that I go. Lord, let your presence flow. Rain on me. rain on me. Oh, can we praise him this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory. Do you love him this morning? Are you here by faith this morning? Glory to God. Hallelujah. We thank God for his presence. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. We appreciate our song leader this morning, Brother Jason Williams. What a presence. We thank God for the musicians this morning. Amen. Praise God. What Sydney God Richie bless you. We feel the anointing. We thank God to be in his presence one more time. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amidst the turmoil that is in the world today, uh it is the grace of God that we are here this morning. &gt;&gt; We're here to gather together and to worship Christ our Lord. &gt;&gt; Uh it is not a privilege, is not a thing that we take lightly, but we thank God for this very moment. &gt;&gt; And every moment we've ever shared in his presence uh is like a prize to us. It is a is a is a is a a thing to rejoice about. So we thank God for each and every one of you. God richly bless you. Praise God. You appreciate the Lord. You appreciate the ministry. Appreciate Reverend Isaac. He preached last week as it is in heaven. Amen. What a message from the Lord. Amen. And I wasn't I didn't have the privilege of being in the house of God unfortunately, but we were listening online and we know that God would have been a blessing to you as well. Praise God. And I was even met up with brother Punch later in the week and he was testifying to me about the service. He told me he was in heavenly places. Praise God. So I know that uh billows were rolling over him. Amen. I could tell that he had uh seen the Lord. So we certainly thank God for his presence. Amen. So God bless you. Thank you so much uh for the music. And as we want to switch over uh to the word portion of the service, uh let's turn to our Bibles. We certainly um want to hear from the Lord this morning. I have three portion of scripture we want to read from this morning as well. Also certainly want to appreciate but a Gideon on Wednesday night. &gt;&gt; I don't know about you, but I was here for that one. Amen. And uh such a flow of the spirit &gt;&gt; and uh he was just rolling on uh from from thought to thought and by from strength to strength and uh it was just tremendous uh blessing. So uh I know the people were here were touched and you can see different ones in the audience were shouting on the word and we know that God is uh moving. God can use anybody to to speak. Um we just have to have faith to believe that he can speak to us even this morning. Praise God. Not about me or anyone else this morning, but what he wants to do this morning &gt;&gt; and what he wants to speak to us this morning. Amen. By his grace. So, let's just turn to three portions of scripture. We want to read from Zechariah 4 uh 6 and 7. We also want to read from uh yeah, kind of have it split up here, but Zechariah 4 6 and 7. We also want to read from Ephesians. um 4 uh 11 to uh to 13 there. Familiar scripture there and then of course we want to jump over to Romans 8 for a little bit. Amen. &gt;&gt; So just a few greetings and I know I usually just come with just one scripture and um and we just hit it right away. But uh this is what this is what unfolded to me um this time. And so I'm just trusting the Lord that he would lead us this morning to help us to uh say something to you that would be a blessing. Amen. So, so first we begin in Zechariah 4. Um want to read from 6 and 7. Amen. We know this one. Then he answered and spake unto me, saying, This is the word of the Lord unto Zerubbabel, saying, Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, sayeth the Lord of hosts, who art thou, oh great mountain before Zerubbabel. Thou shalt become a plain, and he shall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings, crying, grace, grace unto it. Now we want to switch over to um uh Ephesians 4 as I said uh and uh 11-13 there we want to read inclusively and it says and he gave some apostles and some prophets and some evangelists and some pastors and teachers for the perfecting of the saints for the work of the ministry for the edifying of the body of Christ till we all come in the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the son of God unto a perfect man unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. And our last scripture we want to read from will be Romans 8 um from Romans 8 and verse one uh to 5. Romans 8 and verse one which says there is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus who walked not after the flesh but after the spirit. For the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death. For what the law could not do in that it was weak through the flesh. God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin condemn sin in the flesh &gt;&gt; that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are after the spirit, the things of the spirit. And skipping down to verse 14 says, "For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. For ye have not received the spirit of bondage against a fear, but ye have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, "Aba, Father." The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. And if children, then hes, heirs of God, and joint hes with Christ. And if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. Let's stop right there. Amen. And we just bow our heads for a word of prayer. Almighty God, Lord, we are certainly gracious to you this morning. We thank you, Father, for your goodness. We thank you for your mercy. We thank you for your Holy Spirit that is here amongst your people, oh God, Father. And Lord, we are yielding to you now, Lord, for your perfect will to be done in this service in our lives, oh God, Father. And we pray there for a few moments as we dive into the word of God. And as we look to see what your scriptures behold for us today, we pray that you would open our understanding to the word this morning, Lord, just uh Lord, an uh inspiration to point the church in a particular direction this morning. Father, we just pray that you would come and direct us this morning. You you are our leader. You are our guide this morning. And Lord, you know what you have in store for us, Lord. No eye has seen, no ear has heard what is in store for us this morning. And so we are are yielding to you entirely, Father. For we know that what you have for us is good, Lord. Your intentions for us are good. Your purpose for us is good this morning. And so we just thank you for it. We pray for a few moments that you bless us this morning. Help us to enter in, Lord. Father, may your anointing just come and anoint the word of God as we speak and praise and pray around it. Dear God, Father, may your presence flow in in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. You may have your seats. &gt;&gt; Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Do you love him this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Praise God. So far title I have this morning. My title is there's got to come an Ephesians to this. &gt;&gt; That's the title we have this morning. And for a subject, a message of grace. &gt;&gt; And so now I was asking God a a question in my heart and I was uh searching the Lord just around late of September there. And so I was thinking on the thought that uh how are we going to break into this anointing uh that we are supposed to come into in the last days? Uh the bride has an anointing for her day. &gt;&gt; Uh we see the world in their anointing. &gt;&gt; We see the political realm is in their anointing. We see the religious realm is in their anointing. We've got to find our anointing. &gt;&gt; We've got to find our purpose. We've got to find our calling for our day. We got to recognize our day and we got to recognize our message. Outside of that, we're just floundering around hoping that something will stick. Uh but this morning, God's bride is not floundering around. She's not throwing wet flour aimlessly at the wall hoping that it will stick. Uh that is not her purpose this morning. And God gives us revelation. &gt;&gt; And God reveals his word to us so that we can have a vision so that we can have a target, something that we are supposed to hit. In other words, before the rapture, God's going to come for a certain type of a church. And God has already outlined by his word what that church is going to be. God is coming back for a church. And God has already outlined by his word and by his prophet what that church is going to look like, what she's going to walk like, what she's going to talk like, what she's going to sound like. Oh, Alice, she's going to be another Ephesians. And brother Brandham said, it's got to be another Ephesians to this. Oh, Alice, I was asking myself the question, what will it take? Amen. What are we supposed to get into and what will it take to get into that? And after a while, Lord, it just just thundered to me. There's got to come another Ephesians to this. Amen. And the way it come to me, it just come with a sense of urgency. And so, I knew I had to get into uh what God was showing me. And so, of course, I went into a paradox. And there the prophet says this very same statement. Uh uh and the way he brought the message. Now, of course, we've heard this message many times, and I've heard it over and over. I'll pull quotes from it. We've preached from it. But somehow it was just aresh to me &gt;&gt; this time around &gt;&gt; because I'm listening to hear what God was pointing me to. &gt;&gt; And so I listen to it. And so the prophet on that message, he's laying some things out uh in the early part of the message. He doesn't even get into the meat of it. It just seemed like from the scripture, he just hits it right away and he starts laying some things out and it's almost like it's it's on his heart and he's just saying it and he's just unfolding it right there in front of us. And then a little while into the message, he says, "I'll just let that hang because we have the prayer line in a few minutes and I don't want to get on too much." But what he says there in the early part was very important. And I want to bring that back to us this morning as a reminder of his promises this morning. &gt;&gt; Is that all right? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So on that message, he does a few things there and what he says about another Ephesians. When he gets into it, it's astounding. So the prophet actually talks about law and grace and he began speaking about a transition, a change that is supposed to take place. He a spiritual switch where the church actually goes from one phase to another phase. A spiritual switch and another Ephesians is a bridge that announces that switch that he talks about that is prophesied to take place in the scripture. And this Ephesians as we know started with Pentecost. Isn't that right? Oh h it started with Pentecost and with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And here what he says here on the Ephesians church age. Here's brother Brandham. He says it begins. The church began at Pentecost. Could anybody deny that? No sir. The church began at Pentecost with a Pentecostal blessing. And it was ordained by Jesus Christ to continue on into the last day with the same message. And that same blessing working in us. Oh, and his last commission to the church, St. Mark 16, was to go into all the world and preach the gospel, and these signs shall follow them that believe. Oh, hallelu. He said, now where? Go into all the world and preach to who? Every creature, black, brown, yellow, white, whatever creature it was. Preach the gospel to every creature. Heal the sick. In other words, raise the dead. In other words, cast out devils. We were commanded. Oh, the church at the beginning started at Pentecost with a good oldfashioned royal blue sinkilling. Oh, sky blue filling of the Holy Ghost. That's where the church started. Oh, hallelujah. If God started the church that way, he's got to end it that way with an oldfashioned sinkilling, sky blue filling of the Holy Ghost. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. The church needs today is a refilling of the Holy Ghost that we have seen within a small measure. Why? The headstone is coming down to unite with the body. And when it unites with the body, the full power of the Holy Ghost will be restored to that church in the last days, said God. I'll pour out my spirit upon all flesh. That's what we're here for this morning. Do you believe it? Oh, is this what you came here for? Is this what you drove here for? We under expectation for the dynamics to pour out upon us. God wants to pour out the dynamics upon the church. Oh, and there's got to be another Ephesians of this. The angel is here waiting in Ephesians 4 for a people on the earth uh to get into perfection to come to perfection. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. That he can step into. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God dresses himself in his commanding officers when the prophet is in his place. when the evangelist is in his face, when the pastor or the teacher, whatever it is, that's how God dresses himself. Uh when brother Brana was on the earth and he come to the fullness of his ministry, God dressed himself uh in that prophet, God stepped into that prophet and he said, "I represent this state uh by way of a divine gift." And I believe there's a people on the earth who God is going to dress himself in. He's going to step into your 16 elements. He's going to wear your tie. He's going to put on your pants, your dress. He's going to wear your clothes. He's going to go to work with you. He's going to go to school with you. He's going to stand there as a testimony on the earth that the pyramid is on the earth. One more time. Oh, hallelujah. Do you believe it this morning? Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, we believe this morning that there's got to be another Ephesians to this, another perfect church. Brother Brandham said, "I want to walk into a perfect church." Oh, where sin cannot stay in that church. When that church is so anointed, when that church is so on fire for God, that five mile radius, angels are in charge and not within a 5 mile radius, people are screaming and giving up. Hallelujah. They are confessing their sins before they walk into the building. Hallelujah. Praise God. The anointing sweeping around the neighborhoods. People crying and they don't know why. They're praying and they don't know why. Because rainbow glory. Oh, it's dropped down in Sang Grande. Drop down in Wyman and Africa and Europe and America and wherever else. Holy Ghost moving some group over here, some group over there. Praise God. And then it'll be the general resurrection. That's the kind of church he's coming for. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, we believe that without a doubt. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Isn't that right? No sir. The church began at Pentecost with a Pentecostal blessing. Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; Go into all the world, preach a gospel. And today, if we have to have another Ephesians, it's got to start that same way. He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He doesn't change his his his way of doing things. He doesn't change his way of operating. He doesn't change his modus operandi. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. However, he did it before, he's got to do it again. He's got to do it again. And we know that he's done it before, which gives us the confidence to ask him to do it again because he can do it again. If he healed the sick once, he can do it again. If he raised the dead once, he can do it again. If he made the cripples walk, if he made the blind see, if he ever filled somebody with the Holy Ghost, uh he can do it again this morning. right in 2025, you can receive the same Holy Ghost that Mary received. Come on, you sisters, believe for it. Come on, you brothers. This is not a time for giving up. This is not a time for backing down. Uh we believe the Holy Ghost uh is just as real as it was on the day of Pentecost. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, I pray you receive your anointing today. Oh, it's time for it. We see nations are breaking, Israel awakening, signs of the prophets are told, tension in Venezuela, tensions in the US on the verge of war. Brother, we got to get desperate to get next to God. We got to get desperate to get the token. Get the token or perish. Oh, but I'm convinced there's a people this morning who didn't wake up. Oh, hallelujah. Just because they had nowhere to go. No, no, no. They came in here because they had a desire in their heart. Sir, we would see Jesus. We need Jesus in Trinidad. I need Jesus in my home. Jesus for my family. I speak the name of Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Speak the name of Jesus this morning. Lift your hands right now and begin to speak Jesus over your doubts, over your fear, over your mind battle, over your sickness, over your disease, over every dark cloud. We rebuke the works of darkness and we say, "Let there be light." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's got to be another Ephesus to this. Oh, I declare to be so. You are the people that God has raised up to manifest another Ephesians, another perfect church, another anointed church, just before the end time, just before the devil comes in and runs it over. One more witness on the earth of Jesus in a people manifesting himself. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, they believe it this morning. Well, that's a summary of it. Amen. Anyway, so whatever I say from here on out, it's based on that. Amen. Praise God. But he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; What he did for them back there, he will do for you the same. He is alpha and omega. &gt;&gt; He's the beginning and the end. And there's going to be another church at E like it was at Ephesus. This last day bride is going to be just like that same anointing. &gt;&gt; Carry that same presence, that same power. Let's listen to the prophet on adoption 1960. He said, "So Ephesus here sets us like Joshua positionally." You notice Joshua after crossing the land and taking the land then he divided the land he said Ephraim here Manasses over there this one over here God over here Benjamin over here oh prophet said he divided the land oh skipping this prophet said and Joshua not knowing this but by inspiration led of the Holy Spirit After being in the promised land gave each man his promise exactly what the Holy Spirit promised through the birth back there. Oh, every one of us oh are given a gift of according to the measure of grace that is upon your life. God knows what that gift is. God is going to give you your measure, your gift, your inheritance, your portion in the Holy Ghost. Your portion has your name on it. Your seat have your name on it. Don't you worry about any other seat. God's got a seat for you in his kingdom. And by his holy spirit, Joshua, the Holy Spirit is going to divide the land. He's going to lead us into the land. And we will conquer in his name. and proclaim uh that Jesus reigns and you are going to get your portion. You are going to get your inheritance. Oh, so brother Gideon, while we're waiting, we're working. And while we're working, we're waiting. And what we've seen work in a small measure. Oh, when that is perfect, you're going to get your portion. Oh, hallelujah. You've been given yours. You come to get yours this morning. Are you here for yours this morning? Are you here to get what's yours? Don't let the devil steal your joy. Steal your joy. Steal your joy. Joy in the Holy Ghost. You deserve to be happy. You deserve to smile. Let me let me let me let me let me tell you something. You deserve to be happy. You deserve to smile. You deserve to draw your shoulders back. I don't care what Trump does. I don't care what Maduro does. Uh, I'm from God. Uh, I go up to God. Uh, oh, I'm a son of God. Uh, I'm a daughter of Zion. Oh, can't no devil hold me down. Woo. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, a little more in the monitors, please, if you can. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Joshua not doing this but by inspiration &gt;&gt; led of the Holy Spirit &gt;&gt; after being in the promised land give each man his promise &gt;&gt; and the prophet said now how that God had set some in the church through the labor pains oh my they get tremendous sometime but when a church is groaning under the persecution of the outside world believing on the Lord Jesus that the promise of the Holy Ghost is just as real to as it was to Pentecost. How they groaned and cry under their labor pains. But when they are born and positionally born, that's what we come for this morning. To be born and positionally born. Not to warm a church bench, but to get desperate. We've got to receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You've got to receive the fiery seal of God's love stamped into your heart by the glorious baptism of the Holy Ghost. When God holds you by fire, when God holds you by anointing, burning out all the devils, burning out lust, burning out filth, burning out the world, burning out the devils out of you. It takes the Holy Ghost to do it this morning. Oh, hallelujah. That's what we're here for. That's what we come to receive. Oh, they believe it this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Another Ephesians. Oh my. We got to get into this. Let me hurry up. All right. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Holy Ghost. Right. my &gt;&gt; how they grown and cry but then they're born &gt;&gt; and positionally born &gt;&gt; means you born into a position. &gt;&gt; See he's identifying two things. First you're born birth down there but then you have to grow in God in order to come to your position at the top just before charity of love comes to seal the whole thing. Your position has got to be scripturally identified. your path, your walk has got to be scripturally identified. You've got to prove that you've got all these virtues inside of you living in you scripturally, which means God's got to test you on every one of those virtues. Do you have godliness? Do you have temperance? Do you have self-control? Can you bridle your tongue when things get out of hand? Or do you fly off the handle? Then you need temperance. You need godly temperance because your human temperance will snap. Your human temperance will break. And like brother Isaac said, God wants to make you unbreakable. And it takes the Holy Ghost to make you unbreakable. But first, he's got to break you in order to make you unbreakable. So God passes you through situations. He passes you through trials. What? To break you? To break you because you're too strong. You think you could do it. You think you got what it takes, but some of you need to surrender and learn that the hand of God is more short than your hand. He's more powerful in the situation. He's more powerful in the trial. Say, "Lord, I need you. I cannot do it on my own." And when you come to that surrender, then he steps in. Then he takes charge. Then he takes control. Oh, and you learn that his strength is perfect in your weakness. You learn that through your knees is how you get victory. Not when you're wrong and strong and you feel you've got it all figured out. No, you don't know nothing. You can't do nothing. You are nothing. Job said, "I uphold myself. I repent in dust and ashes. I need God." Every man that walked the earth here that ever met God says he need God. Do you need God this morning? Not the paper God, but a God of the Bible, a real God who can fix my circumstance. He can fix my husband. He can fix my wife. Oh God, he can fix me. &gt;&gt; Oh, I need fixing this morning. Oh, if you could use anything in this morning, oh God, you could use me. Take my hands. Take my feet. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, glory. &gt;&gt; Got to come to a place like the prophet said, where the church will put away all its isms and all its differences, begin to plead the promises. Then you'll see a national showdown. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Then we'll meet Satan face to face. But you will have what it takes because God will put something in your soul that the world didn't give and the world cannot take away. Oh, hallelujah. Another Ephesians is here. &gt;&gt; Amen. They believe this morning. &gt;&gt; My So God set some in the church after they're born and positionally born. The Holy Ghost sets in the church. Joshua, the Holy Ghost, Amen. set some apostles, some prophets, some teachers, some pastors, some evangelists. And the prophet said, "Then he gave in there as well, speaking in tongues, interpretation of tongues, knowledge, wisdom, gifts of healing, all kinds of miracles, all nine gifts of the Holy Spirit restored to the church at that time when the church finds its place." Is nar. So this is a prophecy here. We believe that has to come to pass. And it comes to pass by the Holy Ghost setting in the church. Not what we set in the church, not what we've elected in, but what the pillar of fire sets in by an anointing that places you positionally into the kingdom of God as whatever God wants you to be. Pray. Whatever God wants me to be, that's what I want to be. I don't have to be a pastor, but I want to be in the bride. I don't have to be a minister, but I got to be in the bride. I don't bound to be a song leader. David said, "I rather be a doormat in the house of my God than a king in the tent of the wicked. Whatever place he's got for you, I'll be effective in my place. I'll take the lower seat." Oh, hallelujah. And let him promote you. Bring you from the back to the front. Amen. You put Prophet said if your pants leg or bagged in the knees. Oh. and you lift your eyes toward heaven, he'll take you over to the side somewhere and adopt you and then give you a gift and set you out into the world. Let the whole world know that he is with you. Amen. He identify himself with you and say, "This is my beloved son, my daughter in whom I'm well pleased." Amen. Hear ye him and hear ye her. Amen. Oh, the sisters are going to be adopted. That's right. &gt;&gt; The brothers are going to be That's right. the sons, the daughters, upon all flesh will I pour out my spirit. Say it God. That's what we're looking for. That's what we believe this morning. Is that what you believe? Then say amen. Praise God. Oh, it's okay. We got through that. So now a paradox here now. And the prophet said Joshua here is a book actually. He said it's a book of redemption of the Old Testament. He said Joshua we have to consider it or to be that the book of redemption because it's redemption and redemption has two parts. Prophet said redemption anywhere has two parts and that is out of and into. It takes two parts to make redemption out of and into. He said Moses represented the law. So that's that switch I was talking about. you come out of. But it's not just good enough to say we have come out. We've got to come into something. It's not just good enough to say we've come out of the world. We've come out of fornication, of lying and stealing. All that is fine, but now we've got to come into something. Come into our place. Come into our adoption. Come into our perfection. Come into healing. Come into grace this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Do you believe it? And the prophet said Moses represented the law which brought them out of Egypt and whereas Joshua represented grace that took them into the promised land. Another way was that the law and grace were two different aspects of God command. &gt;&gt; So that's the prophet said is another way of looking at it is that law and grace are really two different aspects of God's command. It's still God's command, but it's just two different aspects of it. And according to this, we see that the law comes first. Isn't that right? So he said, now the law brought them out, which was Moses and Joshua took them in. He said, it also represents something for our day. That's our day we're living in now. He said, "Now it represents that as they were in the journey, coming from Egypt into a promised land, so have we come out of a world of Egypt, out of chaos on our road to a promised land." Oh, hallelu come out of the world. But where are you going this morning? We are going to a promised land. We are going to a land flowing with milk and honey. We are going to a land flowing with healing, flowing with deliverance, flowing with breakthrough, flowing with restoration, restoration for your sons, restoration for your daughters, all that you love. And all that love you will be there. That's what we're going to. A Holy Ghost land of promises is what we are promised to possess in the last days. And I believe this morning, you are the church. You are the people that are going on to possess their individual inheritance. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Because the word is open to you. Oh, glory to God. Just as that third P would do. Amen. Hallelujah. It's here now. He said, and it also represents 24 day going coming out of going into. Isn't that right? He said, in my father's house there are many mansions. If it was not so, I would have told you. See, in John 14, coming out of and going into. Isn't that right? That's the transition we're talking about. It's coming out of and going into. It's coming out of darkness and coming into the light. It's coming out of ignorance and it's coming into knowledge. The prophet said, "You're going to understand it because there's going to come another Ephesians and it's going to be made plain to you." Oh, and the gospel is making B plain to you now. Not like it was back then. It was a mystery, but now it's been revealed. What is that mystery that has been hid from ages and generation and generation is now being revealed this morning. And what is that mystery? It is Christ in you. The hope of glory dwelling in you by a divine nature. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God in many, many men. Coming out of darkness, coming out of shame, into the glorious liberty of the sons of God. You're coming out of depression, coming out of frustration, coming into peace, coming into love, coming into joy, joy in the Holy Ghost. Yes. Yeah. Depression is not yours. Fear is not yours. Bondage is not yours. Corruption is not yours. The Bible said we have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear but we have received the spirit of adoption whereby we cry aba father the spirit of god is going to bear witness with your spirit that confusion doesn't belong to you depression doesn't belong to you frustration doesn't belong to you but I'm being called higher called higher place called to higher ground as it is in heaven. I'm being called up in heavenly places. The prophet said heavenly places is the believer's position in Christ. And when you understand your position, no devil can tell you otherwise. No devil can challenge you. You beat the devil anytime, anywhere, under any condition. Oh, because you know who you are and you know whose you are. Oh, amen. Do you believe it this morning? Oh, give him a shout of praise. Let me get some water here. Praise God. Amen. [Applause] &gt;&gt; My God. My God. Devil always fighting my truth when I come up here. I don't know. &gt;&gt; This week I saw truth. I rebuked the devil. I said I have to finish my course. So get the behind me. And no other symptom came. No body pain, no flu, no headache, no nothing. All it was was a sore throat. But don't mind that. I still chew my ginger. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise God. You take the medicine. Praise God. But you pray and believe God and walk by faith. Don't you worry about the devil. Let your faith get stronger, stronger, stronger. Let your confidence rise in Joshua the Holy Spirit and his ability to lead you out of this darkness. and into your position in Christ. That's what we're here for this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, it's the law that brings us, the prophet said, the law brings us to recognize that we're wrong, but it is grace that forgives us. &gt;&gt; So, this is a switch he's talking about. It moves from law and to grace. And Ephesians is a bridge that takes you there. Oh, hallelujah. There's got to be another Ephesians where we see that transition from the law unto grace. A message of grace. Oh, hallelujah. To receive in the end time a message of grace by way of the Holy Spirit. If God is ever to pour out the Holy Ghost upon the church, it won't be by the prayer, but it will be by the grace of God that he will pour out the latter rain upon the church in the last day. Oh, hallelujah. for my latter rain uh in the first months, and the vat shall overflow with wine and oil. And I will restore unto you, sayeth God, all of the years that the canker worm and the caterpillar and the locust and the palmer had eaten off of that bride tree. It tried to take your joy, tried to take your peace, try to take your love. But the prophet said, "Here's the only hope I have left for the church." that while Samson was bound, another shock of here grew out. Samson was in prison, but he reached back and he felt those seven locks being restored day by day being restored service by service. Wednesday night after Wednesday night, Sunday night after Sunday night, his eyes might have been dug out. He might have felt defeated. He might have felt depressed. But the prophet said he reached back and a new shock ahead grow out. Oh, there is a crop somewhere this morning that's getting ready for that last great kill. Oh, you are the people that God has raised up. Take the sword of the word. Oh, and plunge it into the devil this morning. You are the ones. Don't look around for another. This is the moment. This is the time. Take your sword and plunge it at the heart of him. Praise God. Amen. Who's been tormenting you? &gt;&gt; Your hour is here now. &gt;&gt; Oh, do you believe it this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. Wonderful. All right. &gt;&gt; Won't stay too long with you. &gt;&gt; Praise God. But here it is now. Message of grace. &gt;&gt; It's a message of grace. &gt;&gt; He said, "But now according to the prophecy, uh, this is on the message of grace." Prophet preach here. uh in paragraph 56 he says but now according to the prophecy there will come the headstone &gt;&gt; and if you want to notice that when the headstone comes the prince that's going to cry out the message will cry grace grace excuse me for it's by grace we are saved not of works lest any man should boast oh so we're not here by our own works this morning we didn't bring ourselves this morning we didn't call ourselves elves this morning. But God who is rich in mercy, reach down amidst the muck, amidst the darkness of this world, amidst the darkness that is in the earth, amidst the cannival that is in Trinidad. God found your soul. God found your weary soul. God found your restless soul and he plucked you up out of the darkness, out of the dung hole and he raised you up for such a time as this. Get next to yourself. this morning. There's more to you than meets the eye. God put something in your soul that amidst all the doubts, you are still here this morning. Because deep down in the recesses of your heart, you still believe. You still believe that God could do something for you this morning. You still believe that amidst the fear, amidst the doubts, amidst the shadows, amidst the things you've been through, the faith inside your heart still holds to that word of promise. He promised to deliver. And I still believe this morning. He promised to help me. He promised to deliver me. He promised to restore. He promised to baptize. He promised to heal. Come on now. He promised to make a way where there seemed to be no way. I ask you a question this morning. Is anything uh is anything uh is anything uh too hard for God to do in this last day? Uh he transformed Abraham's body uh to bring forth the promise. He could do anything this morning. He could heal the sick. He could raise the dead. He could cast out devils. I know he's able cuz he's done it before. Oh, and the faith that was once delivered is being restored this morning. It's already restored. Oh, faith to believe it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It's just faith to walk into our promises this morning. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; To claim our inheritance. Amen. Oh, the season of dividing the land is coming. Amen. &gt;&gt; Holy Ghost is going to divide the land. give you what you've been longing for all these years, &gt;&gt; what you've been praying for all these years, that your sons and daughters shall prophesy upon your handmaids on their hands. Will I pour out my spirit? Oh, there's promise, friends, a pouring out of his spirit. There is promise, friends, another Ephesians. There is promise, friends, another church just like the early church, just like the early church had, just like Peter and Mary and James and them had. They had an experience with a risen Jesus Christ. And he told them, "Tar in the city of Jerusalem until you be Jude with power from on high. And they waited there. Didn't know how long to wait, but they were waiting because he said he was going to pour out upon them. And we don't know how long yet we have to wait. But we are waiting this morning. I am waiting this morning. I am waiting for a prophecy, a fresh prophecy. Oh, from the book. Prophesy again unto the four winds. Prophesy. Testify. Can these dry bones live? Yes, they can live. Seven thunders give me faith to believe that they can live. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. My my my my oh my. &gt;&gt; So God had me to study this message here. A message of grace. And this is what it is. It's being released upon the bride in the last days. That's why when the headstone comes, it come with shoutings crying grace, grace unto it. You are not perfecting yourself. He is going to perfect you. David said, "The Lord will perfect that which concerns me. You've got stuff you got to perfect." And God's got it covered this morning. You tell the devil right now, "God's got me. God's got it covered this morning. Don't worry about me. I'm not doing very well right now, but I'm not what I used to be. I've come a long way. You should have seen me when I was struggling, but I You should have seen me when I was growling. You could have seen me. I was crying when I was without hope, without God and his son. But then he reached down his hand for me and he pulled my soul out of darkness. Don't tell me this morning I can't come into the house of God uh and give my God glory. Don't tell me this morning I can't come into the house of God uh and give my God praise and give my God glory. I was created to worship my God and the sanctuary of my God. Uh I love Jesus because he loved me. Uh he loved my family and he saved me when I was dying. It's his grace. Oh, it's a message of grace. It's real to me this morning. Oh, hallelujah. [Applause] We've got a right to worship God this morning. Don't let the devil take it from you. My praise is still here. They can't take my Hallelujah. Oh, they could cut my arm off. They could cut my leg off. Oh, but every piece of me is going to scream hallelujah. You could cut me up into a thousand pieces. Every piece of me is going to scream glory to God. I made it to glory. I made it over. How I made it over. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, is that your determination this morning? [Applause] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I don't know what's going to happen tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Apparently, war is imminent. Bible said you will hear of wars and rumors of wars, but the end is not yet. You will hear of earthquakes in diverse places. Right now, the Philippines is rocking on the magnitude of earthquake. 5 point something, 6 point something. Oh, but the end is not yet. Oh, don't you worry about all of that. The end is not yet. Though earthquakes come, though famine come, though pestilence come, though trouble come at every hand, the end is not yet. But this gospel has got to be preached first, then the end shall come. And these signs have got to follow them that believe in my name. They shall cast out devils. They shall speak with unknown tongues. And if there's any eat any deadly thing, it shall not harm them. That is the word of God that is going to be manifested first before the resurrection. Listen to me good. There's a church that's coming into adoption before the resurrection. There's a church that's going to be walking with God walking on two feet. She will be the manifestation of Jesus Christ on the earth. She's going to heal the sick. She is going to raise the dead. She is going to cast out devils. All the backsliders who struggling right now. We are going to speak to those devils and we will tear them out of the backsliders and bring them back into the fold of God. There's nothing you can stop the voice of God when he speaks and he's speaking this morning. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, there's a bride on the earth who will speak like Jesus and she will take every spirit under her control for the glory of God. Do the same works that Jesus did in the prophet. He'll do for you the same. He'll do in you the same if you trust him. Praise God. If you continue to walk, more will unfold. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's the kingdom of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's the kingdom of God this morning. &gt;&gt; So, I want you to know this. It comes when the headstone comes, they'll cry, "Grace, grace." For it's by grace we are saved, not of works, lest any man should boast. &gt;&gt; Oh my. And the message of grace has been tramped under the feet of men until it's become a disgrace. Prophet said my unfortunately that's the situation now. Isn't that right? He said some of them run out into eternal security. Some run out into everything else. &gt;&gt; But the true message of grace remains the same. And there's where Satan tried to knock it out from the church. But it's the grace of God that we are all saved by. Oh, hallelujah this morning. Do you believe it? I'm standing here by the grace of God. Oh, I know that you know what I'm talking about this morning. I know that you know you're standing here by the grace of God. I know there's somebody here who could give witness to the fact that I would not have made it if it wasn't for God's grace. I got lost sometimes. I thought I knew where to go. I thought I knew I was going. But God came in his grace. Uh and he found me in the ditch. He found me with my wheel busted up. He said, "Don't worry, my son. I've got you in the palm of my hands." Uh and he led me on the right road. And he established my going. And he set my feet upon a rock. Uh I am standing in this building this morning. Not by my education, not by my power, not by my own might, but by his spirit, by his grace is how we all going to make it. We are going to make it by the grace of God. Not the works of man. Not the education, not the teaching, oh hallelujah, of man or the wisdom of man. But the grace of God is what found me in my lowliest state. Is what heard me. Is what answered my prayer. When the Lord said you did it, you were wrong. You ought to be destroyed. You ought to be killed. But right in that moment, sovereign grace stepped in. Love projected itself. And sovereign grace took my place and said, "I won't let him go. I won't let him fall to the ground. No, no, he's too precious to me. She's too precious to me." So the king of glory left his robe. He left his crown behind and he came down and became one of us and walked the streets of Galilee. He became one of us. And not only did he become one of us, but he felt our infirmities. He groaned with a headache. He was tired when he put him in the boat. Oh, but when he stood up, he said, "Roll away the stone." He was a man when he went for Lazarus. But when he said, "Roll away the stone." He became more than a man. And he said, "Lazarus, come forth." And the voice of God found Lazarus where he was. And the voice of God found you where you were. None shall be left behind. All that the father has given me will come. &gt;&gt; Oh, somebody praise him. Somebody worship him. Oh my. Oh my. &gt;&gt; But it's the grace of God. &gt;&gt; That we are all saved by. &gt;&gt; And so in the deity of Jesus Christ, &gt;&gt; the prophet said if the Lord God could come there and confirm that that's the truth. Not only that, but by his word confirms it's the truth. &gt;&gt; And by signs and wonders, he confirms it's the truth. And then also grace is the truth. Then he said, "How could anyone criticize and say that grace is wrong and that we are saved by works?" He said, "We are saved by grace." That true faith, not by works. We walk by faith, not by sight, not what we can see with our eyes, but what God has already done for us. Oh, hallelujah. He done it. We just believe it. We just receive it. We just accept it because it's already bought and paid for this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Paid for by his grace. Do you believe that this morning? &gt;&gt; Grace is what save you. Grace is what God does for you. Works is what you do for God. Oh, it's appropriated here. Now, you see that to show appreciation on what God did for you. Works is what you do for God. But it's by grace you are saved. Some people think because I go to church and put my name on a book that that's all that I have to do. Some people think it's because I shout that's all I have to do. Others think because I speak in tongues that's all I have to do. Some thinks but because I got the power to heal the sick that's all I have to do. The prophet said, "But it's not. It's the grace of God that saves you. God's amazing grace. I cannot trust in any merits of my own. Oh, do you believe that this morning? &gt;&gt; Some said, "Well, there's a great man. That man, I've heard him stand up and do this. I've heard him stand up and do that." But Paul said in 1 Corinthians 13, "Though I speak with the tongue of men and angels, and though I have discernment, though I have gifts to feed, and I'll take all my goods to feed the poor, though I can move mountains with faith." Oh, you don't hear me this morning. Though I have the knowledge to do all things, something is because a great man &gt;&gt; still turning all of the attention on a man of the hour or a man is supposed to do this and do that. Here's the prophet of God discounting it by the scripture here. &gt;&gt; He said, "Though I have the knowledge to understand all things, I am nothing until love comes in." He says, "Which is grace?" Love project itself. Grace takes its place. Love and grace is the same. Oh hallelujah. It's a grace of God that saves us this morning. &gt;&gt; So if we ever get to get into another Ephesians, if we are ever to find our place in Christ, it'll be by the grace of God. It will be God's grace to us before the foundation of the world that he had predestinated us unto adoption. Before he even created the world, he had a place for you and I. Oh, in heaven. And as it is in heaven, so shall it be on the earth. God's going to have a people on the earth, oh, to pattern themselves after the things that have been revealed in heaven. Oh, you're going to walk like Jesus. You're going to talk like Jesus. You are here what you are somewhere else. And if you have a position there, then you're going to find your place here. You are only representing here. What you are over there. You didn't come here. Hallelujah. Just a warm up bench. But you had to prove to the devil that you are something over there. And once it's revealed to you, it belongs to you. Therefore, you could walk in that confidence of your position. Once it's revealed to you, you could walk like a son, talk like a son, act like a son should. &gt;&gt; Oh, you don't hear me this morning. The prophet told a story one time about a slave was an African slave. He was a slave just like all the other slaves. He dig dirt just like all of them. He worked just like all of them. He got beat just like all of them. He was punished just like all of them. But despite the condition, he walked different. He talked different. He behaved different. He acted differently. From the time he woke up in the morning to the time he lay his head down at night. And they asked the slave owner, "What makes him so different?" Many wanted to buy him, but the slave owner said, "I can't give him up." There's just something different about him. only come to find out that that boy back in Africa, he is a prince of a of a royal kingdom back in Africa. And because he's a prince, he walks different, he talks different, he acts different, he behaves different, he prays different, he moves different despite the condition around him. And I tell you, brother, if you know who you are, if you really know what's inside of you, you'll walk different. You'll talk different. You'll act different. You'll pray different. Oh, I'm not hoping so. I know who my father is. And when I pray, I'm talking to my daddy. I'm talking to my father. He loves me and calls me his own. He purchased me on Calvar's tree by his grace. And that's how I am, who I am this morning. It's only by the grace of almighty God. Nothing else. No one else but Jesus. Oh, no other reason but Jesus. That's why when you come to church, our heart beats for him. Every song that we sing is a song of praise to him. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord is to our God. Every praise, every cry upon your lips, every time you raise your hands, it's to a father who loves us and in his goodness pass us through trials. He in his wisdom sends our way. And we prove our love to God by displaying ourselves with the right attitude, the right behavior &gt;&gt; amidst the trials &gt;&gt; that he sends our way. Oh, you think you've seen anything yet? &gt;&gt; Harder trials are coming. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; Oh, we're entering into a real fearful time. &gt;&gt; But the bride ought not to be fearful &gt;&gt; because she has not received a spirit of bondage against fear. We have not received a spirit that allows us to cower in fear and to back down at the enemy. No, no, no. We have received a spirit that allows us to be bold, to enter the throne of God with boldness, and to ask for our portion, to ask for our inheritance. Give us this day our daily bread. We need it, Lord. Oh, all good things come from you this morning. Our help comes from you. You are my kindness. You are my rescue. You are my shelter. You are my storm from the storm. You are everything to me. &gt;&gt; And that's how we approach him because we know who we are this morning. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Praise God. Where are we at now? Oh my. Gone so far up my nose. But let me just see if we could bring this all to our head here and then close out. Amen. Do you love him this morning? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Do I have water still? Okay. Yeah, I do. Amen. We are saved by grace through faith, not by works. Works show that you've been saved. But what save you is the grace of God. Isn't that right, God? It has nothing to do with it. You can do all these things and still be lost. It's grace that saves you. God's grace to the human race. Romans 8 says, "For the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus had made me free from the law of sin and death. For what the law could not do in that it was weak through the flesh." We read this earlier, right? God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin condemned sin in the flesh. that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. We are not walking after the flesh this morning, but we are walking after the spirit of God. Oh, hallelujah. Because we are the sons of God this morning. Somebody say amen. You're not walking after your fleshly desires. That is always going to lead you wrong. That is always going to lead you astray. That is always going to lead you plum off the word. But you've got to set your eyes upon heaven. Set your eyes upon the affections, upon things above. Set your eyes upon the word of God, and walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit of God. For they that walk after the spirit are the sons of God. That's who we are this morning. And that's what we come to believe. That's what we are going to live day by day. Isn't that right? Oh, hallelujah. In the message of grace again, the prophet said the grace was promised in the garden of Eden and the grace came. Grace to Adam and Eve, no nowhere to go. They said no which way to turn. And yet grace made a way. He said, "Let me say this, my sinner friend. You might be here this morning a prostitute. You might be here this morning a woman chaser. You may be here a drunkard or a gambler or a murderer. You may be here as an impure husband, an impure wife. You might be the vilest of sinner. You say, "I'm past that stage of redemption." The prophet said, "No, you're not. You wouldn't be at this church this morning if you were. He said, "But grace will make a way for you in this dark hour if you could just accept it." Oh, he said, "Adam had to be willing to accept it." And so do you this morning. You have to be willing to accept his grace. Oh, it come to a place where you can't save yourself. It would take God to save you. It would take God to deliver you. And it would take God to fulfill his promise to you and to fill you with the Holy Ghost to heal your wife, to heal your daughter, to heal your children. It would take the grace of God to do it. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I thank God &gt;&gt; for his grace this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; And the prophet said, "Hey, on a message here, ye him," he was talking about Moses and Elijah up there on Mount Transfiguration with Jesus. And they were having that ceremony. Isn't that right? Remember? And Jesus took Peter, James, and John. And they were all witnesses of what was happening up there. And when it was going on, these brothers felt so lively that they decided to come up with an interpretation of what was going on. And he said, "Let us build three tabernacles. One for Moses, one for Elijah, and one for Jesus." They wanted to start a new religion because they felt so lively about what was taking place. But before they could continue the interpretation, oh, a voice came from heaven and say, "This is my beloved son. Oh, in whom I'm well pleased is to dwell." Isn't that right? Hear ye him. And the prophet said here on this message, he said, "I'm so glad that God stopped that thing." He said, "What if we had kept the law? What if they had completed that tabernacle unto Moses?" He says the law has justice with no mercy. He said you cannot be saved by the law. He said the law has no salvation in it. He said the law only condemns you. It tells you you're a sinner and that you are guilty and it has no mercy. He says law is the policeman that throws you in jail without any way of getting out of it. He said, "I'm so glad that we don't have to listen to Moses because he brought the law and the prophets was justice." The prophet said, "I don't want God's justice." He said, "No, I want his mercy, not justice." He said, "If I had justice, I'd be condemned." But he said, "I need mercy." We need mercy this morning. Mercy for sins. Mercy for behavior. Mercy for our attitude. Mercy for the things we've said. Mercy for the things we've done. Mercy for our slothfulness. Mercy for our backsliding condition. We need mercy this morning. And God has mercy for you here this morning. It is the grace of God this morning that we are here that you could be covered and clothed in the blood of Jesus Christ uh that presents you blameless before you in love. God's blood is here to splash over your soul and to forgive you of all your sins, forgive you of all your hatred, your animosity, to forgive you of your unforgiveness, to forgive you of your unrepentantness. God is here. His grace is here to forgive you. To get that spirit off of you, to break that thing off of you. There is therefore now no condemnation. Oh, somebody give the Lord a shout. [Applause] &gt;&gt; My I wonder if you hear me this morning. Oh, we're getting ready to close now. Don't you worry. Amen. He said, "But Peter, oh my." Okay, what if he what about that thing? He said, "No, we didn't. We need mercy." All right, &gt;&gt; that's where I was. Amen. We want mercy. Amen. I don't plead for his justice. I plead for his mercy. Moses or Elijah or the one who were the prophets there he went up on the mountain and sat down there no one was to come near him and the king said 50 men if if man be God let fire uh if if you be a man of God let fire fall and consume you see he said justice that's what the prophets are all about if you be a man of God let fire consume you said justice I don't want that the prophet said but before Peter got through speaking about those three different tabernacles the voice spoke out of glory and said, "This is my beloved son. Hear ye him." Moses is gone. The law is past tense, but the prophets are gone, but this this is my beloved son. Hear ye him. And his son says, "Grace, grace to you this morning. Grace to the weary one, grace to the adulterer." What happened about that woman who was caught in adultery? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let me just say this. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. They brought that woman caught in adultery. They dragged her out of the house. &gt;&gt; Where was the man who was with her witted? &gt;&gt; Nowhere to be found. They only dragged the woman out there to make a show of her and brought her before Jesus. Isn't that right? She was caught in the act. They had video footage. They had a written confession. They had her pinned down. All the evidence pointed to her. The judge only had to slam his gavvel and give 5 years or 10 years or 15 years sentence. She was already finished. She was caught in the act. She came there snobbering and slobbing and crying before the feet of Jesus. And these so-called holy men, these men of the cloth who supposed to be respectable, high and mighty couldn't touch him with a 10-ft pole. They had on the garments size up to Moses. They knew the law according to Moses. They told Jesus, "If you call yourself a man of God, this woman who is condemned, this woman who was caught in the act, this woman who is sinful, this woman who don't have the chance of a snowball in hell, this woman has got to be stoned for what she has done, and they brought her before Jesus." &gt;&gt; What a scene. The Bible said they were always trying new ways to trap and to tempt Jesus. Always trying new ways to catch him off his guard, to to count his ministry as not to to to see if he really knew what he was talking about. Praise God. To to discredit him, to discount him, to call his move of God heretical. Oh. And Jesus, I love it. Jesus didn't say they were wrong. Amen. &gt;&gt; He didn't say that you can't stone her &gt;&gt; because according to the law, she was caught. &gt;&gt; So Jesus never told them, "Yeah, you can't stone a woman. Praise God. Don't do it." And so on. No, no, no. He said, "Of course. Go ahead and stone her. The law says it. The law allows it. The more the law can commands it." I don't deny that that is true. All of you are speaking the truth. She's supposed to be stoned. She's supposed to be killed. She's supposed to die for her sins. But he told them one condition. He just gave them one command. He said, "Who is without sin, you felt first." Oh, and he turned his back to them because he didn't want to make them feel bad. Because he knew that the word is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. And when that word was spoken, they all of a sudden were standing in front of the mirror of the word. Oh, and they confronted with themselves. They were confronted with their own condition. They were confronted with their own sin. Amen, brother. Their own lust, their own lives. They were supposed to die. Who are they to condemn this woman? Who are they to condemn this woman? And one by one they dropped their stones. One by one they gave up their arguments. One by one they found a better excuse than to continue with this execution ceremony. They found a better excuse than to come to church on a Sunday morning. They found a better excuse than to forgive their brother. They found a better excuse than to forgive their sister. Oh hallelujah. You don't hear me this morning. They found a better excuse than to give up their hearts and grudges. But there's a bride in here this morning that knows that she should have died. I should have died. I should have been killed. But the grace of God and when he was finished writing in the ground, he turned around and said, "Woman, where are thine accusers?" And she looked around. She didn't know what was happening. All she was doing was crying. All she was doing was sign. All she was doing was praying and she don't die today. But when she looked around, she realized that there was nobody but Jesus. When she looked around, there was nobody but the Lord. And when I looked around, after I was crying, after I was weeping at the altar, after I was broken for my sin, after I was torn up about my condition, when I wiped my weary eyes, when I wiped my tears and I looked around, I saw no one. No one but Jesus. No one. No one but him. He died for me. He said, "Neither do I condemn you. Go and sin no more." And this morning, you are no longer condemned. Go and sin no more. Hear ye him this morning. It is Jesus speaking better things on your behalf than the blood of bull and goats. than the blood of Abel crying from the ground. The voice of the blood of Jesus Christ is setting you free this morning. &gt;&gt; That's how you're going to find your place in Christ. That's how you're going to come into another Ephesians. That's how you're going to come into your position by God's grace. &gt;&gt; A message of grace will be released &gt;&gt; just before the bombs fall. &gt;&gt; Oh brother, &gt;&gt; let me tell you something. We are privileged here in Trinidad Tobago. &gt;&gt; We've had so many wonderful things that we remembered over the conventions and different things. We've had great outpourings of the spirit. &gt;&gt; Men came from miles around. Ministers came to this island. I never knew in a million years that that could happen to us. We are a blessed people this morning. We are blessed to experience what we've experienced. But not only that, we are blessed to be in a position to be a blessing to others. We have been a blessing to others all throughout the years. I don't know what's going to happen tomorrow. I don't know what's going to happen in Venezuela in the US. But I can tell you something. Whatever happens from this service onwards is by the grace of almighty God. We are what we are by the grace of God. This church is here by the grace of God. The headstone tabernacle. Think it not strange that when the headstone comes, shouting cries, grace, grace, grace, grace unto it. Oh, it's only by his grace. We are in a position to be what we are and to do what we do. And I'm so grateful for all of you here that have put your shoulder to the wheel for this that we believe. Oh, we love you and appreciate you. I love you and appreciate you. I thank God for you. I don't know if I'll be alive tomorrow, but I thank God for every one of you. I thank God for every one of your prayers. I thank God for every one of your contributions into my life, into my family, into the church. I thank God for the ministry here. I thank God for the deacons. I thank God for the ushers. I thank God for the musicians. I thank God for the song leaders. I thank God for the park in attendance. I thank God for those in the kitchen, those downstairs, Sunday school, wherever. I thank God for all of you this morning. Here we are this morning by the grace of God. We thank God for where he has brought us through. Oh, I'm so happy today to live for Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. I'm so glad that he called me to be here in this time and this spot of ground and this island. We're so blessed this morning. Don't you forget Lord and all his benefits who health all her diseases and crowneth thee with loving kindness and tender mercies and reneweth your strength. Re renew it your youth like the eagles. Every time you come into the presence of God renews your youth like the eagles. Oh, I'm almost finished. My time is far gone. Amen. My God. But Luke 16:16 says, "The Lord and the prophets are unto John. And since that time the kingdom of God is preached, and every man presseth into it. Amen. Thank you, brother Isaac. &gt;&gt; Second Peter 1:11, he said, "For so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ." Amen. The prophet said on the Ephesus, we find the same thing. The Old Testament, he said, I think this book of Joshua is a word fitting word for it. the old Ephesus of the Old Testament. He said we could call it the Ephesus of the Old Testament. The book of Ephesus, the book of Ephesians of the Old Testament would be a good thing to call this book of Joshua because it's certainly fitting. He said, "And Joshua represented grace." He said, "And that," watch this, it couldn't exist in the same time that law was in existence. &gt;&gt; Neither does any message that forwards the people on could ever coincide with a past message. Oh, no wonder Moses had to leave the scene in order for Joshua the Holy Spirit to come on. And no wonder in summary Jesus could only lead him as far as to Bethany. And he lifted up his hand to heaven and said, "Wait and tar in Jerusalem, but I will not leave you comfortless. I'll come to you, but I've got to change my form. I'm finished in this part of my ministry, but I'm coming back to you. Not a son of man anymore, but a son of God's spirit to come onto you and birth you and give you the baptism of the Holy Ghost to start that holy church. Oh, and there's got to come today another Ephesians to this. We've come out of the world. We've walked onto the prophet's message. Oh, hallelu. We try to live holy. We try to let our hair go down and go wear all the dresses long and not wear makeup and not wear earrings. But it takes the spirit of God for you to really live this word. It takes the spirit of God. It takes the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It takes the anointing to really strike your soul. In order for you to really be a Christian, in order for you to really live this message, in order for you to come become this message, it takes a glorious wonderful baptism of the Holy Ghost and fire. Oh, do you hear me this morning? And it's a message of grace that releases that spirit this morning to allow you the privilege to be called the sons of God. For you to find your place, for you to enter through the veil. Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; Where the glories never fail. Oh my. It was death to go beyond to go into the presence of God. But the blood made a way for us to go in. The blood made a way for us to enter there. The Bible said the veil of the of the temple was rent into. Praise God. And now we have access through his blood to access what we know is our own to access our portion of the Holy Ghost. to access our portion of our inheritance, to access our adoption, to access our perfection, to access what God has for us this morning. Many, many men. So, it can't live can't coincide. Isn't that right? Isn't that right? And verse 1 Corinthians 13 said, "We know in part and we prophesy in part, but when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part will be done away with." When I was a child, I spake as a child. Isn't that right? I understood as a child and thought as a child, but when I become a man, I put away childish things. And so there was Joshua representing grace right along with the law, but it could not be enforced as long as the law was in its proper place. And here we come to the finishing now. He said, "And so has the church in this last day." He said, "It's come along. It's played its part, but there is coming a time where it must cease. It must do it." He said, "Because there's got to be an Ephesians also of this journey. Just as there were in other journeys, there has to come an Ephesians, an Ephesus, an Ephesians of this journey." Oh, hallelujah. Isn't that right? Praise God. Amen. He said, "Wherein the Lord could never save a sinner, as I've pointed out, it could not." He said, "Therefore, the promised land represented a day of grace." Oh, the promised land, your promises, your Holy Ghost, your baptism, your healing, your deliverance. When that time comes, it will be a day of grace. The prophet said, "Oh, see, he couldn't take him into that journey." Isn't that right? Hallelujah. I'm winding up here now. I said, "But we promise according to Revelation 10 and so forth, Malachi 4 and St. Luke 22:17 and so forth that there's going to come an Ephesians to this." There is promise it friends. There must come an Ephesians that these sevenfold mysteries of the word of God must be unfolded and it is in the loudesian age that this takes place and the prophet said I believe that we are there he said I believe we're right in the shadows of the coming of the son of God and as Joshua just before the Ephesians raised up and so the John the Baptist raised up just before the next Ephesians he said we're promised another Ephesians is predicted here in scripture and he said, "Therefore, I think that we are living in the Ephesians again." Oh, back again. We're promised that what was left off during those seven church ages would be restored. Isn't that right? He said, "So therefore, we know that Luther couldn't get to it. Wesley and so forth, the reformers, Nox and Finny and Calvin and so forth, they couldn't get to it all, but they had what they had was the gospel truth." But he said, "Now in the last days, we are given the understanding by the word that we are going to understand it because there's going to come another Ephesians to this." And we are here this morning. Oh, do you believe it this morning? Amen. Praise God. Musician, get ready to come. I'm almost winding up. He said, "So what happened in that Ephesians age?" Look at Joshua now. What happened? He said, "Look, after the death of Moses, the servant of the Lord, it came to pass that the Lord spake unto Joshua the son of Nun, Moses, minister, saying, Moses, my servant, is dead. Now therefore, arise, go over this Jordan, thou and all this people unto the land which I do give them, even to the children of Israel. And every place that the soul of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you." Every place that you put your foot upon belongs to you this morning. It's not good enough to just talk about it. You've got to put your foot upon what you claim to be on. If you need healing this morning, put your foot on it. If you need deliverance, put your foot. If you need heal and breakthrough, put your foot. If you want the Holy Ghost this morning, don't you be afraid. Get up this morning. Get up and move and put your foot upon what you know is your own. Oh, from the wilderness and this Lebanon, even unto the great river, the river Euphrates, the land of the Hittites, unto the great sea, unto the going down shall be your coast. And there shall not many man be able to stand before thee all the days of my life. And as I was with Moses, so shall I be with thee. I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee. And as he was with Malachi 4, so shall he be with Ephesians 4, so shall he be with this bride on the earth. This bride and Trinidad, she will not be like Eve, but she will put out the devil. Oh, we shall surely die. Oh, if we partake of the tree of good and evil, kick the devil out this morning and partake of that tree of life. You were called, you were predestinated to partake of the tree of life. God's restoring you back this morning, back to Eden, back to another Adam condition where sons of God could rise up in the newness of life and take their place. Some apostles, some prophets, some evangelists, some pastors, some teachers. Oh, another Ephesians. Oh, we are promises. We are promises. Oh, hallelujah. Joshua 3:7. Amen. Let's go out with a shout. Do you believe it? And the Lord said unto Joshua, "This day will I begin to magnify thee in the sight of all Israel, that they might know that as I was with Moses, so shall I be with thee." There's coming a day this morning that the Holy Ghost, Joshua, the Holy Spirit is going to be so magnified before the people that our confidence is going to build in God's ability to deliver us, to heal the sick among us, to raise the dead among us to cast out the dead. Hallelujah. Devils among us. Healing is going to become normal. Deliverance is going to become normal. Freedom is going to become normal. It's going to become normal to be happy. Normal to be jumping and shouting in service. Normal to be screaming. Normal to receive a refilling of the Holy Ghost. It'll be normal to see a backslider walking there weeping and crying with the shorts and everything else. But God is saving the heart, the fire of God falling upon the people. Oh, another ananas, another Sapphire, and a few of them. And the church will come into its mighty power. Oh, you going to get the place on this softly. Amen. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh glory glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. &gt;&gt; Prophet said what caused this change? He said you see what caused it from one time we are dead but to being quickened. He said quicken means to be made alive. He said there was a change from death unto life. He said there's no other there's no other thing that could happen to any person so great as to change from death to life. A man if he was dying physically and could be healed physically would be a great thing. He said but there's nothing so great as when he's spiritually dead and God has quickened him to life. Oh, are you being quickened this morning? He said you once in times past dead. You were dead. Even many of you here tonight one time can look back and know that you were dead. But now aren't you why aren't you dead tonight as you were then? You deserve to be that way. But because you was a sinner. But God who was rich in mercy, he said, he said, that's the thing. He said, God who was rich all that we these things that we were, he said, but God that made the change right there. But God for our situation. You stand for the can come. But God for your condition. But God for your situation. That made a change right there. Oh, that God who is rich in mercy. The prophet said, "I'm so glad for that. that he is rich in mercy. Oh, if he was just rich in money, if he was just rich in materials, that would be wonderful. But the greatest thing is that he is rich in mercy this morning. Oh, what a great word that is. We that were once dead are now quickened to life by the grace of almighty God. May the Lord bless you this morning. There's got to be another Ephesians to this. Oh, another release of his power, release of his presence, and it comes by the grace of almighty God. We have received a message of grace in the end time. Let's all stand and begin to worship him. Lift your hands right where you are and just begin to praise him. Just begin to thank him for his grace this morning. Oh, his grace, oh, that saves us, that redeems us, that made a way for us. Oh, when we were down in darkness, when we could no longer be saved, uh, it's his grace that made a way. Uh, it's his grace that opened the door. It's his grace. Uh, oh, hallelujah. We are what we are. Somebody lift your hands. Somebody worship him this morning. Somebody testify this morning. It's only the grace of almighty God that I'm standing here this morning. Close your eyes, lift your hands, and begin to worship him. Just begin to thank him. Just begin to give him praise. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, it's his praise. Hallelujah. Oh, it's his praise. Oh, God. Lift your hands and worship him right now. Give him praise right now. &gt;&gt; Oh, give him glory right now. Give him honor right now. Oh, get him. Tell him how much you love him. Tell him how much you need him. Lift your hands and just worship him right now. Oh father, I need your grace. I need your mercy. I thank you for your forgiveness. I thank you for your loving kindness. I thank you for your tender mercies. Your mercies are new every morning. Oh, I love you Lord. I love you Lord. I love you Lord. I love you Lord. I love you Lord. I love you Lord. Thank you for your praises. Yes. Lift your voices. Lift your voices. Shout and give God praise. Shout and give God glory. Shout and give him honor. Shout and give him thanksgiving. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, he is here. He is here this morning. Oh, make an altar where you are. Oh, worship him this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, God. Glory. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord yes Lord. Oh glory glory. I feel the Holy Spirit. Oh somebody praise. Somebody worship him right now. Somebody going to praise him. Somebody going to praise him. Somebody going to worship him this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, God. Fill me with the Holy Ghost. Fill me with your life. Fill me with your power. Save my family. Save my loved ones. It's by your grace. The same God that saved you. will save God. It will save the lost. He will fil with the Holy Ghost. The fire of God, the angel of God is in the sanctuary of God. He is here touching the people. Touch the Lord as he's passing by. Touch the Lord. Reach out and touch him. Reach out and cry out to him. Reach out and ask him. Ask him for deliverance. Ask him for healing. Ask him for breakthrough. Ask him for restoration. His grace is here this morning. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh yes. Oh, [Applause] [Music] Praise God. Hallelujah. Grace. Grace. [Music] God's grace. [Music] Praise God and wra God's grace. Grace is greater than all my sins. But only this season one more time. Grace. Oh, grace of God's grace. A grace that could pardon and bless. [Music] Grace, the grace. God's grace. The grace that is greater than all. Let's praise him this evening. Thank him for his grace and mercy. Thank him for his everlasting love. Oh, he reach out. Amen. brother. Oh, we thank you Jesus. We bless your name, Lord. We glorify you, Jesus. Glory. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Glory to God in the highest. Glory to God in the highest. Glory to God. all my sins. [Music] Give the Lord a hand of praise this evening. Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. Appreciate the message. Thank you, brother Anthony. Amen. Grace, grace, grace. It's God's grace this evening. Where would we be without him? &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. As we play that song, let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing as the brothers get ready for the season offering. Oh, let the worshippers arise. [Music] Let the sons and the daughters sing. I surrender in my own. I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I surrender in my own. I surrender to the king. Let's just pause for a prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your grace. We thank you for your love. We thank you for your mercy. Lord, we bring the offering before you this evening. May you guide this use. May it bless Lord, Father, all that have to give. Provide for those that have to give. this evening may bless it may be used for the honor and glory in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] Let our sons and daughters sing. I surrender in my own. I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worshippers arise. [Music] Let the songs that I don't see. I surrender with my own. I surrender to the king and worship around. I surrender in my own. I surrender to a king. Oh, let a worship. All right. Let the sons and daughters say, [Music] I surrender with my own. I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers, let the worshippers arise. Holy worshipers this evening arise and shine for the light has come. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. I surrender to the king. Oh let the worippers arise. I surrender in my own. I surrender to the king. Let's listen to music. We dance together. [Music] [Music] Let the wor I surrender in my own. I surrender to you. [Music] [Music] Blessed be the name of the Lord. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Amen. You appreciate God's servant, Brother Anthony, and the message this morning. What a inspiration. What a burden. What an anointing. What an atmosphere. [Applause] Amen. So, we do have some prayer requests at this time. So, good to play some things hopefully uh from mother Terren and sister Jennifer Oid who are requesting prayer. They are down with the virus. We also want to remember all of the different types of cases and situations that we have in the church. I heard brother Hugh Williams was in some pain as well and it's very rare to not see him in the house of the Lord. So you know when you don't see him it's it's a bit of pressure there. So we want to come together as a church and if there's a request this morning you want to show by raising your hands as we approach the throne of grace this morning knowing that the price has already been paid and the healing has already paid for. Oh, we just want to tap in by faith to access what has already been done. By his stripes, we were healed. It's already a finished work. And if it may not, it may not be just for physical healing, but whatever situation you're going through right now, he is able to move into your situation. Move into your home, move into your job, move into whatever conflict, challenge, problem, whatever might be bothering you. He's interested in the smallest aspect of our lives so that he could have the full preeminence. So let us bow our heads for a word of prayer. Oh heavenly father, Lord, we thank you for the atmosphere and for the presence and the anointing that was all over the tabernacle this morning from the first note that was played to the song service that created an atmosphere to your servant and your son, brother Anthony, who stood behind the sacred desk with a burden. Lord, to see a present tense reality and a manifestation of the living God of the taking the promises that the prophet presented to us and making it alive. Father, you said that's how you raise a standard by taking the same word and making it more positive, more tangible, more real to us. So, Father God, we thank you for the foundation that has been laid that has placed faith in our souls that we could come boldly to the throne of grace to ask whatever we need, Father. And Lord, we bring with the Terren Lord and Sister Jennifer to you this morning, Lord, how the virus has been moving around. But Father, we speak a word of healing over their home even now that they would both be healed from the crown of their heads to the souls of their feet even now. May the angel of the Lord may healing rain pour down in that home, Father. Lord, may the impact be so great that even the neighbors will feel the power of the angel of the Lord that has passed by their way this morning, Father. Oh God, we pray for Lord our head deacon, brother Hugh Williams. Father, Lord, he's not in the house today, Father. And we pray dear, God, that the angel of the Lord will meet him right where he is right now, Lord. And may he perform surgery. Perform surgery today, may you touch your son even now from the crown of his heads to the sole of his feet. Lord, may this request come back as a note of praise that from that very hour, Father, Lord, when the centurion stood, he say, what time was he healed? Not not if he was healed, but what time may it be from this very hour there's a difference. There's a change. There's a rustle in the malberry tree that the still small voice pierce through distance and time and minister to him, his wife, his family, Lord. And every hand that was raised in the sanctuary, every hand that was raised downstairs, every hand that was raised, those that are connected online, may the angel of the Lord who knows all the requests and all the prayer and all the cries and all the needs of your people, Father, may you minister to your sons and your daughters, may you strengthen your servant, Brother Anthony. Father, Lord, for standing here and Lord, virtue would have been poured out. May you restore it 100fold. May you touch his wife, Father. May healing rain move into that home right now. May you touch the family in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. Father, we pray for our pastor who is traveling to India. Lord, may the angel of the Lord strengthen your servant, Lord, as he goes to minister the word of God this week in India. May the angel of the Lord go before him. May the power of God go with him, Lord. May Holy Spirit spoken words be uttered, Father. May you grant them safe journeys to and from. Lord, we commit him into your hands, Lord. his wife, the family, the ministry here. We commit the church into your hands today, Father. Lord, those that are here, those that are connected online, may you be with each one in the mighty precious name of Jesus Christ. We commit your people into your hands. May you grant traveling mercies and bring us back at the appointed time in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, &gt;&gt; and the church says, amen and amen. You may be seated for a few announcements. Glory. What a service today, huh? &gt;&gt; Amen. Uh we want to welcome brother Enoch Bernard and sister Mary James. Uh God bless you. Welcome from Ephesians Tabernacle cousins here. And I know Enoch very well. His our fathers I might say were there the very beginning of the message. So they go way back I think before we were both born. So God bless you. So happy to see you here with us today. May God bless you richly. Service continues this coming Wednesday here at the tabernacle. We're looking for God to continue to do great things and certainly I want to salute brother Anthony for the message today and also brother Gideon last Wednesday. What a what a anointing and a flow and to see what God is doing. So this coming Wednesday come under great expectation for God to do something tremendous. This coming Friday at 8:00 p.m. we will have Bible study. So, we know what that means to us. We encourage you to be present and also to invite someone to the Bible study. Looking for God to do something tremendous for us this coming Friday as well. And of course, this coming Sunday, we are back here at our post of duty looking for God to do something tremendous for us. Maintenance team group four, please meet with brother Benjamin Kangi after the service. And next week, Lord willing, group two is carded to serve. Uh we do want to post the church as well. Last Sunday when we stood behind the desk, we said we didn't have a green light yet on the church dinner. Well, we are happy to say that we do have the green light now. So, we have the date. So, we are making progress. So, the church dinner, our annual church dinner and their dinner will be on December the 20th. So, more details will follow, but at least you could pencil that into your calendars uh for our church dinner on Saturday, December the 20th. And also I do want you to mark your calendars for December uh 13 and 14 as well as we will have a guest minister flying in to preach uh for the end of the year. Looking for a tremendous time. Uh God has been doing some tremendous things. And our last uh visitor, brother Jonathan Martin, was such a blessing to us and we are still rejoicing over that. And God still has more in store for us. So by the grace of God, mark your calendars. December 13 and 14, we'll have another minister coming to speak for us. And then December the 20th will be our end of year dinner. So may the Lord Richie bless you. Thank you so much for coming. Uh stay on the firing line. And as brother Anthony said, there must be an Ephesians to this. May the Lord Richie bless you, brother Jason. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its powerful Jesus for it reaches to the highest mountain. [Music] Oh, and it flows to the lowest valley. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. Oh, the blood of Jesus. Oh, sing it. Oh, the blood of Jesus. Oh, the blood of Jesus. with the blood of Jesus. It will never [Music] lose its power. For it reaches to the highest mountain and it goes to the lowest valley. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose it. It reaches for it reaches to the highest mountain. [Applause] [Music] And it flows to the lowest valley the blood and give me strength from deep to the [Music] lo of Oh, the blood Jesus. Oh, the blood of Jesus. [Music] Oh, the blood of Jesus. [Music] For the blood of Jesus, it will never lose. SP it reaches Oh, it reaches to the highest mountain [Music] and it goes to the lowest valley. From deep to deep it will never lose its power. It will never lose. It will never lose. It will never lose its power. It will never lose. Jesus, it will never lose. Oh Lord, it's power. [Music] God bless you. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Hey, Heat. [Music]
