################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-22 - The Degree Of Faith Opportioned By God - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-22
Title:    The Degree Of Faith Opportioned By God - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker:  Theo Ovid
Church:   Headstone Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 59m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4p-z--GixUs
========================================

Description:
This message was given on Wednesday 21st May 2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Let's all stand this evening. Oh, hallelujah. Just give him praise. Lift your hands and just worship him. Thank you, father. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Blessed be your holy [Music] name. Hallelujah. Oh, singing hallelujah. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Oh [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh praise the Lord now for he is risen. He is risen. Praise the Lord. is the Lord now. Oh, for he is riser. Praise the Lord, Lord. We praise you tonight. Oh, praise. He is ready. Praise his name. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord now for he is [Music] ris. Can we give the Lord a hand of praise tonight? Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Glory to God. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. certainly thank God tonight to be in his presence. Amen. We made it out tonight. We're so happy to be here and we know that God will bless us in this place. That is our expectation tonight. Amen. So, as we welcome the Lord, we invite one another to the sanctuary. Let us turn our Bibles over to Psalm chapter 24, scripture reading and prayer. Psalm chapter 24, which says, "The earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof, the world and they that dwell therein. For he hath founded it upon the seas, and established it upon the floods. Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord? Or who shall stand in his holy place? He that hath clean hands and a pure heart, who hath not lifted up his soul unto vanity, nor sworn deceitfully, he shall receive the blessings from the Lord and righteousness from the God of his salvation. This is the generation of them that seek him, that seek thy face, oh Jacob. Silah, lift up your heads, oh ye gates, and be lift up ye everlasting doors and the king of glory shall come in. Who is this king of glory? The Lord strong and mighty, the Lord mighty in battle. Lift up your heads, oh ye gates. Even lift them up, ye everlasting doors, and the King of glory shall come in. Who is this King of glory? The Lord of hosts. He is the king of glory. Sailor, may God add blessing to the reading of his word. Let's bow our heads as we pray and commit the service unto the Lord. Amen. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you tonight to be in your presence once more, Lord. No other place we'd rather be tonight than in your presence, Father. when your presence Lord there is renewal there God. There is Lord a fresh breeze of your spirit Lord to flow over us and to help us Lord Father to give us strength for the journey Lord for we have no strength but yours Lord Father and all weakness Lord Father you are made strong Lord we admit how weak we are tonight Lord and how much we need you father dear God hide us in your presence Lord hide us in the cliff of your rock Lord and even David said when my heart is overwhelmed lead me to that rock that is higher than I. You are that rock tonight. And we thank you for a place that we could put our foot upon tonight, dear God, to stand upon your holy word. Know that you would bring to pass every promise in our lives. Bless your people tonight as we gather for service. Bless the songs you would sing. Bless the word as it will come forth to our hearts. Bless your servant as you would yield himself to preach the word of God. We pray that your presence would just come in your own way, Lord, and magnified, Lord, Father, be magnified, and make it more positive tonight, Lord Jesus, than it ever was, Lord. Lord, and may you just pour out your spirit here and minister to us. We are waiting upon you, Father, with great expectation tonight. May you pour out your spirit in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Blessed be your holy name, Jesus. Why don't you turn around and greet your brother? Just greet someone next to you real quick. Amen. Reach out to someone as we say, "Pour out your spirit. Pour out your spirit. Pour out your spirit on me. Oh, pour out your spirit. Pour out your spirit. Pour out your spirit on me. I need Oh, I need your spirit. I need your spirit. I need your spirit in me. Lord, I need your spirit. I need your spirit. I need your spirit in me. Oh, so Lord, pour out your spirit. Pour out your spirit. Pour out your spirit on me. Oh, won't you pour out your spirit? Pour out your spirit. Pour out your spirit on me. Now lift your hands and worship him right now and say, "Pour out your spirit on me, Lord." Hallelujah. Lift up your voices and just lift your hands in the sanctuary tonight. Say, Lord, pour out your spirit upon me, Father. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Ask him tonight. Don't let it just be a song. Oh, but let it be a prayer tonight. Oh, a deep desire. Oh, may you pour your spirit tonight upon all flesh. Pour your spirit upon your sons. Poured your spirit upon your daughters. You promise to do it in the end time. Oh God, here we are tonight. Oh, hallelujah. Believing on your promised word. Oh, hallelujah. Promise visitation of the Holy Spirit. Oh, pour out your spirit. Pour out your spirit. pour out your spirit on me. Amen. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Oh, and the redeemed. Oh, are gathering in. Oh, and they wash like snow. Oh, and free from all sin. How we will shout. Well, how we will shout. Oh, and how we will sing. Yes, I will. When the redeemed, oh, I gather in it. Oh, when the redeemed. Oh, I gather in it. Oh, and we're washed like snow. Oh, and free from all sin. Oh, how we will shout. Oh, and how we will sing when Oh, are gathering in. Oh, I am thinking of the rapture in our blessed home on high when the redeemed. Oh, are gathering in. Oh, how we raise the heavenly anthem in that city in the sky. When the redeemer Oh, are gathering in. Oh, will the [Music] redee are gathering in. Oh, and they wash like snow. Lord, hand free from all sin. How we will shout. Well, how we will shout. Oh, and how we will sing. Yes, I will. When the redeemed, oh, I gather in it. Oh, our saints will sing redemption story with their voices clear and strong. When the redeemed who are gathering in, oh, and the angels all will listen, for they cannot sing that song. When the redeemed, oh, are gathering. Oh, and the redeemed. Oh, and the redeemed. Oh, are gather. Oh yes, Lord. Wash like snow. Oh, and free from all sin. How we will shout well. How we will shout. Oh, and how we will sing. Oh, and the redeemed. Oh, our gathering. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Oh how will you shout? Well I will shout. Oh and how we will sing. Yes I will. When the redeemed oh I gather in it. Oh one more time. Oh well when the redeemed. Oh I gather in it. Oh wash like snow. Oh, and free from all sin. Oh, and how we will shout. Oh, and how we will sing. Yes, we will. When the redeemed are gathering in, give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. Lift up your hands. Lift up your voices. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. You raise the key up. Amen. Amen. They that wait upon the law, oh shall renew their strength. Oh, they shall mount up. Lift your hand and say with wings as an eagle. Oh, they shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Oh, teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to wait. Teach me Lord. Oh, teach me Lord to wait. Oh, down on my knees. Oh, tell in your own good time. You will answer. Answer my plea. Teach me not to rely. Oh, on what others do. Oh, but to wait in prayer. Oh, for an answer from you. Oh, they that way. Oh, upon the law. Oh, shall renew. Oh, their strength. Oh, hallelujah. They shall mount up. Lift your hands tonight. Oh, a mount up with wings like an eagle. always shall run and not beware. Oh, they shall walk and not faint. Oh, teach me Lord. Hallelujah. Teach me Lord to wait. Teach me Lord. Oh, teach me Lord to win. While hearts are a flame. While hearts are a flame. Help me humble my pride and call on your name and then call on your name. Oh, keep my faith renewed. Oh, keep my eyes on thee. Oh, help me be on this earth. Oh, what you want me to all together now, oh they that wait, oh upon the Lord, oh shall renew their strength. Oh, they shall mount up with wings as an [Music] eagle. They shall run and not be weary. Oh, they shall walk and not faint. Well, teach me, Lord. Teach bel one more time upon the Lord. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings and wings as an eagle. [Music] They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not fail. Oh, teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to win. Father, we praise you tonight and we bless you tonight. We thank you for your presence. We thank you for your spirit. We pray you come down in a special way and have the preeminences. In Jesus name I ask it. Amen and amen. God bless you. Thanks again for coming out tonight. And if you have your Bibles, I'd like you to turn to Romans chapter 12. Within the whole chapter of Romans chapter 12, I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is a reasonable service. Be not conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is a good and acceptable and perfect will of God. For I say through the grace given unto me to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think, but to think soberly, accordingly as God has dealt to every man the measure of faith. For as we have many members in one body, and all members have not the same office, so we being many are one body in Christ, and everyone members one of another. Having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us, whether prophecy, let us prophesy according to the proportion of faith, or ministry, let us wait on our ministering. Or he that teacheth on teaching. Or he that exaltth on exhaltation. He that giveth, let him do it with simplicity. He that ruleth with diligence, he that showeth mercy, with cheerfulness. Let love be without dissimilation, uphour. That which is evil, cleave to that which is good. They kindly affection one to another with brotherly love, in honor, preferring one another, not slotful in business, but fervent in spirit, serving the Lord, rejoicing in hope, patient in tribulation, continuing instant in prayer, distributing to the necessity of the saints, given to hospitality. Bless them that persecute you, bless and curse not, rejoice with them that do rejoice, weep with them that weep. Be of the same mind one towards another. Mind not high things, but condescent to men of low estate. Be not wise in your own conceits. Recompense to no man evil for evil. Provide things honest in the sight of all men. If it is possible as much as light in you, live peaceibly with all men. Dearly, beloved, avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto wrath. For it is written, "Vengeance is mine. I will repay, sayeth the Lord." Therefore, if thine enemy hunger, feed him. If he thirst, give him drink. For in so doing, you shall heap coals of fire on his head. Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good. Let's bow heads. Heavenly Father, thank you for your word, and it's so good to be here tonight. this exciting time we're living in and to hear words of life and to hear you unfolding this word in simplicity. Father, may you come and confirm your word tonight with the supernatural presence and power and confirm it with signs, wonders, and miracles. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Praise God. Ask God to confirm the word with signs, wonders, and miracles. He's still in the signs, wonders, and miracles business. Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. could heal you completely, deliver you completely, seal you completely, baptize you completely. He's still in the signs. One is the miracle business. Amen. Praise God. So, tonight I have a title uh the degree of faith aortioned by God. I know it sounds strange, but we'll get to it. The degree of faith aortioned by God. The term aortion spelled a p o r t i o n e d refers to the act of dividing and assigning something according to a plan or specific distribution. It is often used in context such as distributing blame resources or responsibility among individual or groups. For example, one might say the costs were aortioned among the team members based on their contributions. So tonight we want to talk about the degree of faith aortioned by God. That's the title actually. But this service tonight is a continuation from Sunday. And after Sunday service I just knew what was next. So Paul here was getting personal when he presented this text that we read. present your body a living sacrifice. Amen. He wasn't talking to the church as a church group. This was speaking to you, the elect, the individual. Isn't that right? And to go further, he spoke about the renewing of the mind. Amen. Now, we read the whole chapter of of Romans chapter 12, and you would see it's all connected together in growth and maturity. To go further, he speaks of the renewal of the mind, a reframing or resetting of your mind. He said, "Be you renewed in the trans a renewing of your mind." Isn't that right? That you may prove what is that good and perfect will of God. Hallelujah. In doing this, you are now in position to prove what is the will of God for you. As God sees you. So in other words, let's back up a little bit. He said, "New heart." Because we don't have a heart towards God. We had a rocky heart, a stony heart against God. So God give you a new heart. Then he said, "New spirit," which is a refreshed spirit that you could get along with the Holy Ghost. Because with your rotten spirit your old Holy Ghost come near that. So you need a new spirit then then he promise his spirit to come inside of there. Now I know this is not taught much in the message but it's still the word. They think because they believe the word and that the message and the head high and you know I guess they smoke some kind of grass or something. So they head high without a transmission of life. But Paul here went further. How to see yourself, how to think about yourself. And this is before you deal with others. This is so important. This was such a thrilling thing for me to see it. How to see yourself and how to think about yourself. And that is why let's see if we get it here. This Bible is just too big. Well, I'll go back to this one here. So, he said here now, for I say unto you, through the grace given unto me to every man that is among you. Not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think. That's it. That's how you see yourself now, right? This have nothing with nobody. This this have nothing with with Lucifer, right? The devil not in the picture here. This is you seeing you. This is you feeling about you. This is you thinking what you supposed to have or what what what you're supposed to where you're supposed to be. So this addresses all those people that feel entitled and feel is their right to this and they're right to that. Right. But to think soberly according to as God has dealt to every man the measure of faith. And now watch I didn't have the get the quote for it. Just just couldn't get my hand on it. But Bam but Ram says you cannot know somebody else position. You can only know yours. So it don't make sense wasting time minding people business. find try to press on to find what God called you to do and then do it with all your might. Amen. Could we continue? Ephesians 4:7 says this. But unto every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ. That mean each one of us have a measure. Amen. Or is aortioned a measure or given a measure or divided a measure. each one and God give you grace with that measure. Hallelujah. That mean everyone don't have the same measure. So when a man think himself highly of himself higher than the measure that God give him, that's a little problematic to that man because that will cloud somebody's view of others by virtue of how they see themselves. Are you with me? So unto every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ. Wherefore he saith when he ascended up on high he let captivity captive and give gifts unto men. Now he gives some apostles a gift. Some prophets gift evangelist gift. Pastors and teachers gifts. What for? The perfection of the saints. Work of the ministry. Edify fan of the body of Christ. Till we all come unity to faith, knowledge of the son of God, perfect man unto the measure of the statue of the fullness of Christ. So it come right back to this statue of a perfect man is not statue. Everybody has to say measure is a measure that will be released to you. Isn't that right? Purpose. purpose that we henceforth be no more children tossed to and fro carried about with every wind of doctrine by the slay of men and conrafter whereby the lie away to deceive but speaking the truth in love may grow up into him in all things which is the head even Christ from whom the whole body fitly joined together and compacted by that which every joint supplied according to the effectual working in the measure of every part making increase of the body unto the find of itself in Wow. Hallelujah. Now watch the sequence of how Paul unfold this word in Romans 12. He speak to them as an individual. Present your bodies living sacrifice between you and God. Amen. All right. Then he says don't be conformed to this world but transform how? By renewing of the mind, a new mindset, a new attitude. Change your attitude, change your mindset and you see something different altogether because you are trapped within you and your thinking within you and your thoughts. Now this transformation is important to see because he went deeper in verse three that every man that is among you not to think of himself more highly or to think but to think soberly according as God has dealt to him the measure of faith. Praise the Lord. Let me just see the mix. All right. All right. I think I have to get that. Praise the Lord. Do you love him? Then serve him. Serve him with all your heart. Praise the Lord. All right. So, I'll show you where I got that title from. Don't get scared. All right. The Amplified speaks of this. Do not conform to this world, but be transformed, changed by the entire renewal of your mind, by its new ideals and new attitude. Now, verse three is where I want to anchor this tonight. For by grace, unmmerited favor of God given to me, I warn everyone among you not to estimate and think of himself more highly than he ought. In other words, not to have an exaggerated opinion of his own importance, but to rate his ability with sober judgment, each according to the degree of faith aortioned by God to him. And that is why I get this the degree of faith aortioned by God. Amen. So this is so great to see this. I'll show you why. Because right after that, Paul begin to speak of for as we have many members of one body. Amen. So in other words, if you don't have the correct pictures, you can't see the body correctly. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do you get that tonight? To go to this verse here, verse four, To see the body of Christ, you have to be able to see yourself correctly. Because when you see yourself more important than others, higher than others, uh to be uh uh thrown over others, when you see that like that, you can't see the others, right? Because you could see yourself as a head, but you might be a to. Do you understand that? So Paul now going into the panoramic of the vision of the body of Christ. He's no longer on the ground talking to individuals. He zooms out and he's looking down on the entire body to bring the body of Christ as a picture. Hallelujah. To the people who's listening he said for we have many members in one body just like our body and all members have not the same office. Amen. So we being many one body in Christ and every members and one members are one of another. Amen. In other words, we are members of the same body. What if the pastor see this? They will stop the crap and try to say that they higher and who are more spiritual and who you know all that is foolishness and go outside and they peding that to the people and the people deceive believing that nonsense and that make them bright because of a super mind by the pullpit. So Paul is presenting a picture. For we being many as one body in Christ and everyone members one of another having then gifts. Here we go. Differing according to the grace that is given to us or the grace aortioned to you. So you can look and see what this one have. Look and see what is have and find this one have and jealous have and find you should have that too. Hallelujah. The revelation being that everybody have grace. Everybody have a measure. Everybody give them a portion. Everybody given a gift. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Having gifts different according to the grace that is given to us. Whether prophecy, let us prophesying according to the proportion of faith. Hallelujah. Or ministry. Let us wait on our ministry. Amen. He that teacheth on teaching, exaltth in exhortation. He that giveth, let him do with simplicity all of his gifts to give. He that ruleth with diligence, not be a slack ruler. It's telling you how to live. Rule with diligence. He that showeth mercy with cheerfulness. Let love be without dissimilation. Abhore that which is evil. Cleave to that which is good. Be kindly affection one to another with brotherly love. In honor preferring one another prefer who he she not at all. I first second and third. Do you understand what going on? Men shall be lovers of their own self. That's why we say the bride will be governed by the senses. Five senses. Not the bride. The church will be governed by by five senses. But the bride governed by faith. Amen. Amen. Could we say amen somebody? Hallelujah. Second Timothy, that's the church members head highminded and so on. All right. Be and he said no honor be not thoughtful in business but fervent in spirit serving the Lord. All right. Let me just continue now. All right. Let's go. But I'm talking about working in a small measure here. You talk about United Nations, the nation united together, united in time and they always done it. The UN is nothing but a rubber balloon that carried about every nation wind of doctrine. It will bust and blow up at anything. It can't. Neither can the congress of churches work. It's an organization by man contrary to the system with their system contrary to the word of God. It can't work. The assemblies of God and and the Pentecostal kingdom, full gospel people, how can they forfeit the evangelical teaching? He said, there you have it. the hour that we have arrived at and that's a big machine that is set up and they got the mechanics. Come on United Nations now the only thing they have is Satan in there with the dynamics. Now if he said they had the mechanics but Satan is the dynamics to them. What about the bride? We have the mechanics and Lov the capstone the Holy Spirit itself Christ will be our dynamics. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Even the image of the beast have to come to life. So spirit coming to life is the image on of the beast versus the image of God. The image of beast in the world system and the image of God in a bride. Are you convinced of this? Do you believe what the brother says? Satan is their dynamics. So he's bringing spirit life to the mechanics that they have and the Holy Ghost the token the spirit itself bringing life. Hallelujah. I hope they bring these seats to life. That's the five ministry. Oh glory to God. Hallelujah. So what they got in mechanics? The only thing they have is Satan in there with the dynamics to force the marking of the beast. And when she is forced down, then the dynamics is working. The mechanics is there. They already got them. Let me say something too. This is united time to see the church is uniting. Nation uniting. It's uniting time of God and his bride. I say this with reverence and respect. I believe the bride of Christ is called. I believe she's sealed into the kingdom of God. I believe the mechanics is there. They are waiting for the dynamics that will take her off the earth in the rapture. And I believe it with all my heart. We don't know how he's going to do it, but he is going to do it. He is the dynamics. They have Satan. We have Christ. Okay. The Lord has shout in the house. He is the dynamics. We just become here we go. Members of the machine of his body. That's the only way it could work. Not become a church member. member of the body. And to become a member of the body is by one spirit. We are baptized into that body. You can't join that body. And in this fellowship, in this church, this body, my pastor and I pastor, what I have to do with the body of Christ that have nothing to do with the body of Christ. That's an invisible body. That's a universal body. That's a bride out there. Every nation, out there, every tongue, he have his people. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So no man can say this is a bride and this is another bride. That's foolishness. That's just man talking human trinadian mouth. Hallelujah. Jesus. So they are waiting for the dynamics that will take her off the earth into glory in the rapture. I believe it with all my heart. He is the dynamics. We just become members of the machine of his body. What? forming ourselves into his image as we see him uniting himself with us in his works with his love gifts as he hands them to us before the wedding supper and we are waiting and watching for that for what love gifts as he hand them to us we have gifts coming we have tongues interpretation of tongues we have gifts of healing coming on gifts of prophecy coming gift of discernment coming Come on, write with me. Every gift going be back in the church. Not just no fight for ministry. It every gift back in the church. Another Ephesians back on the earth. Oh, give the Lord some praises. [Music] Hallelujah. Are you ready? He said the dynamics of this church will be a refilling of the Holy Spirit. How you get refilling? You ain't get filled yet. A refilling is a refilling. It mean they get filled before you say I want a another one. Isn't that right? Not only Acts 2, but Acts 42 and they prayed after getting licked. They prayed after getting beaten. Oh God, stretch forth your hand that we could go forth and they will reveal fresh baptism. Fresh fire. Oh, how the church need that tonight. Oh, we need that tonight. Fresh fire. Fresh baptism. The dynamics of this church will be a refill of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Here we go. That we have worked in a small measure while the headstone is coming down to unite with the body. When he and the head body unites together, the full power of the Holy Ghost, that's what they waiting for. Full power. Not partial power, not temporary power, not small power, but full power. This Bible have full power. Not no two, not Hallelujah. Not a no two piston engine. Oh, give the Lord a shout. That's your lawn mower and different things. We talking about full power. Full power to lead the earth. Oh, glory. Blasting power. Smoke in the devil face power. Oh, glory to God. Signs and wonders. Power to shake this world once more. This world will not be shook by books and tapes. Come on, give the Lord a shout. This work, this world will not be shook by 4-hour explanation service or mystery service. The world will be shook when the power of God strike the church and there'll be a living faith. A living God, living manifestation. Oh, you mean we don't need a manifestation? Liar. Shut them out. We need a manifestation. There will be no manifestation of God to stir the bride. He will send it. He promises. It will take those seven thunders to wake the bride up again. Oh, give the Lord a shout. The devil can't take that out the book. The devil can't take allow the tape. It will take a manifestation of what? Manifestation of God to steal the bride. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Then he said the dynamic is the Holy Spirit. That why the devil don't want to go near it. That's why the people fear it. But it's good enough for me. It's the old time Holy Spirit and the devil won't go near it. That's the reason people fear it. But it's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. What kind? The same one on Pentecost. The same fire fell on Pentecost. The same fire. Hallelujah. Give me a microphone. Thank you Jesus. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. So the dynamics of this church will be a refilling of the Holy Ghost that will work in a small measure. No pastor could cancel that. No pastor could explain that away. They can't rip that out and say no dynamic. That means what? You talking many pullpit. You explaining mysteries. Hallelujah. Yeah. The mysteries better bring power. I know. That's why he said, "Is this the mystery of the thunders that will bring a power back into the church?" Says, "What time is it? Will we leap and jump over walls or we just sit down and scratch?" When that power come, you have to run like Joel army. You know, hallelujah. To fight and we shall not trust one another. You know, nobody jumping one another. You know when an anointed come. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Everybody in position is a mighty army marching. The devil going to shake when that army had to move. That is Joel. My joy already saw the army. Oh, give the Lord a shout. That army is in the word. That army was prophesied in the last days. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Thy seed shall possess the gates of the enemy. We are royalties of Abraham. We coming to possess. We coming to inherit. We coming to manifest. We come to claim and to vindicate. Vindicate Malachi 4. Vindicate Corin a prophet. They don't believe in Branam. They call him a false prophet. But we will be the vindication that our prophet has already come. Give the Lord a shout. It last already come because we are the children whose hearts have been turned literally back to the faith of the fathers and be doing what the fathers did. Give the Lord a shout. The fathers said, "Talk, talk, talk, talk, talk." They walk the talk. Okay. The Lord a shout, "Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have I give it unto thee." That was the faith of the fathers. And the faith of the fathers are living still. The faith of the fathers is in Trinidad. It's around the world. It is here tonight. This faith is what is preaching to you. Oh, glory. Faith is what is teaching you. It's the faith of the fathers. That faith is the original faith. It's what Abraham had. It's what Noah had. That faith is God said so. Okay. The Lord a shout. We don't care what man dream and what man think and what angels some man meet. We don't care about that. We want to know what God said. Okay. The Lord a shout. And if God said you're going to get a revival, you're going to get a revival. If God said you're going to be healed, you're going to be healed. If God said you going to be delivered, you will be delivered. Oh, praise. That's your original faith. God said so. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That original faith was prayed back in Genesis. Be seated. 1 Corinthians 12. Verse 4. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I couldn't wait for tonight. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. 1 Corinthians 12:4 says, "Now there are diversity of gifts but the same spirit." Amen. There are different administration but the same Lord. There are diversity of operation but is the same God which work it all in all. Does the people in the message know that? How they get sitting on the throne and judge this and judge this and judge this all this all this off and they had to be careful you know because they on the verge of blaspheming the Holy Ghost that's right it's a shame that the message have become so disrespectful God will judge them people God will judge some and take them off the chessboard take them off the earth and God will leave some to judge that others will see I repeat God will take some completely off the chessboard God right and God will leave some that others may see when they are judged. There are differences of administration but the same lord. There are diversities of operation but the same god which workketh in all but the manifestation of the spirit is given to every man to profit with tong to one here we go is given the spirit the word of wisdom. So when Joshua come, remember what it was about, right? Cross over, fight, and divide the land. It's just three things. Not 24 things. It's a 100 things. It's just three things. You can't fight if you cross over. It's not like you're bowing arrow, you're pelting from a distance and you're pelting. You can't fight like that. The people on the other side, they have Jordan River. You had to cross to go and deal with them. So the first thing where they get over is Jordan River. How do we cross? Well, Joshua solved that. God solved that. Let the men walk and Jordan open up. So, they cross over now. Next thing is fight. Hallelujah. You kind of divide and and and been fighting and you get land and then you lost the land and you lost your life and what you had to fight and beat them and then you could conquer the land and then you could divide the land. So here how it's dividing up here. to to one is given the spirit the word of wisdom to another the word of knowledge by the same spirit to another faith by the same spirit to another the gifts of healing by the same spirit to another the working of miracles give the Lord a shout this is the word this is for us you know this Pentecostal stuff you know this is the word you know to another the working of miracles to another prophecy to another discerning of spirits to another diverse kind of tongues to another the interpretation of tongues. Give the Lord some praises. Every gift have to come back in the church. Let me prophesy tonight. Every single gift is necessary and needed back in this last day church. Not a devil move until we say so. Or can the Lord a shout in the house? Let's continue. Paul and all these workketh that one and the selfsame spirit dividing to every man severally as he will. As who will? As he will. The Holy Ghost doing the dividing. The Holy Ghost doing the aortioning. When he aortion you this and aortion you that. And he doesn't have to ask anybody permission as to what to give you. Come on now. You ain't hear me tonight. You didn't hear me tonight. He don't have to ask anybody permission how to bless you. Oh, glory to God. That is why David said, "My cup, run it over." He didn't say, "Make bless you." He said, "My cup, run it over." Oh, give the Lord a shout is much more than I could handle. It's much more than I could receive. It start to drip off now. Oh, glory to God. And when your cup begin to run over, it must hit somebody. Somebody must get a blessing. Some family, some friends, somebody, some neighbor. Praise. Give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Verse 12. And as the body is one, here we go. And had many members and all the members of that one body being many are one body. So is Christ. And then the bomb come. For by one spirit we are baptized into one body. Not by one book. Not by one tape. Not by believing some message. No. By one spirit. Whether you believe the message or not. By one spirit. You can't take that out the Bible. by one spirit. Just as they take in water baptism and dip you down, God has to take you and dip you into the spirit. And when you get back up, oh glory, you get drunk like a like on the day of Pentecost. Get the Lord a shout in the house by one spirit. You baptize just as they get dipped in water. You have to dip in the spirit. Have you been dipped into the spirit? Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. I'm making it plain for you. You have to get a dip in the spirit. Not your ankle. Hallelujah. Not your hands getting wet. Glory to God. There's no Catholic church, not no sprinkler in your head, but you have to get a dip by one spirit. You have to get baptized, but the Holy Ghost and fire. That's what John said. There is one standing among you. He shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire. That Holy Ghost is alive tonight. That Holy Ghost is real tonight. He want to seal you. He want to baptize you. [Applause] Here we go. For by one spirit are we all baptized into one body. Whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether be bond or free, we have all been made to drink. I like that. Drink of that one spirit. We have to drink it. You have to drink it. And when you drink it is go down in your belly. Oh, give the Lord a shout. He that believeth on me, as the scripture had said, I'm having myself a time tonight. Out of his belly, I shall flow rivers of living water. They got to drink that spirit. You're going to be baptized in that spirit. You're going to be drunk with that spirit. Oh, we feel him here tonight. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Hear this. For the body is not one member but many. See, I love God. I love how he does things. These comedians is not really comedians. No, these anointed ones out there, these characters out there standing by the pulpit trying to be God Almighty himself. These filthy guys, watch. If they see the picture correctly, they cannot see themselves as the only pebble on the beach. Like something I saw on the internet, you show the earth. When you zoom, you see Mercury and when you zoom that small thing, you know, we we in a galaxy, you know. So when you think you big and think when you zoom out are bigger than you, you know. So you thinking you're the only pebble on the beach because in your mind high and lift it up and you only find out that you are one of the member of the body. Think about it. Think about this little finger feeling led to leave the body. I can't take this little finger no more. You know where you going. Hallelujah. The I find he only seen in front. He want to see behind. The I want permission to go to the back. He fell up. See, I only see him one way. I only see him one way. I only see him one way. I can't stand no more. This this hand want to shake the brother. So this hand going back there. Somebody hand back. I see you brother. You put your hands. Put your hands that way. Hear what Paul says. For the body is not one member but many. If the foot shall say, because I am not the hand, I am not of the body. Is it therefore not of the body? If the air shall say, because I'm not the eye, I am not of the body. Is it therefore not of the body? If the whole body one eye, where were they hearing? Exactly. This is Paul teaching about this thing. the clarity of how the believers, how the church supposed to be seeing things in a healthy balanced manner. If the whole body were eye, where were they hearing? If the whole body were hearing, where were the smelling? But now had God set the members, every one of them in the body as it had pleased him. Amen. You see, when the brothers and the ministers and the pastors and so-called shepherds don't see this, they can see the a part of the body and nice bride. But God put it in a way that you can't do without me and I can't do without you. Let's live, let's talk, let's fellowship because you ain't going nowhere with that stupid attitude cuz that's not scriptural. Give the Lord a shout in the house. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. If all the member were one, where if all were one member, then where was the body? Now are there many members, but yet one body? And the eye, he's drilling down deeper. Can it say unto the hand, I have no need of thee. Nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of you. Nay, much more those members of the body which seem to be more feeble are necessary. Could we see that, brethren, and expand our minds to value the penny and the silver dollar? Because Abraham was a silver dollar and Lot was a penny, but God used pennies. Sometimes it provide change. Let's let's let's continue. The one that seem more feeble and necessary, and those members of the body which we think to be less honorable, upon these we bestow more abundant honor, and our uncommonly parts have more abundant comedliness. For our comely parts have no need, but God had, here we go, hear the word used, tempered the body together, having given more abundant honor to that part which he lacked. So that is why God didn't put the fif ministry in one man. If a man claimed to have the fif ministry, that man is a definitely anointed liar. You hear it from this pulpit here. You didn't hear it privately. Yeah. You know how whispering preaching or whisper. I I don't do that. Whatever I say, I say with conviction. I say from my heart. I say from by the word pit here. No whispering stuff. Amen. If a man say he has the fivefold ministry, so you don't need the other brethren. He is going to perfect these saints that he has. That is really his saints. That is not God's saints. Because listen, second Timothy have the the pastors and know that's Matthew 24 false anointed ones. But second Timothy, second Timothy uh second Peter 1:47 that have a five for ministry because that is the bride. Faith and virtual, that's the bride. All right. Amen. So watch God tempered the body together having more abundant honor to that part with lack. Here the reason that there should be no schism in the body but that members should have here we go the same care one for another. I don't see nobody getting vexed with their foot or the toe and taking a hammer vex with you and you're beating your toe. Hallelujah. You put your hammer, you put your finger there, say you see this, you touch that there and you start to bust licks on that thumb there. That what men be doing just beating up the body that's not the body have a fivefold in the body and five outside the body them could claim whatever they want to claim. But the body of Christ is tempered. That's why we have to come to the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. Isn't that right? Now he said for we are the body of Christ and members in particular. And now hear this deep here. I have to talk about but no schism membership have the same care one for another. So that is evidence of growth and maturity where you there are some people only care about yourself. You know you know you know the word behind that selfishness. That not the body that is not the vision. That's not the kingdom. that they the the piece of beef that the senses that the flesh that is part of the manifestation of fleshliness selfishness this growth and maturity shows this here now watch that there should be no skin in the body that all that the members should have the same care one for another why because that's a fellow member of the body I care for him because he's part of this whole thing now ye are the body now watch the part almost missed this one and whether One member suffer, all the members suffer with it. Charity suffered long and it's kind. Hallelujah. Rejoiceth not in iniquity. You you hear what happened to him. There some people that that where the tongue is at. They want to see in the pit. They want to see on the ground. They want to see a graveling. They want to see a deer to to to show that they on top. Hallelujah. When one member suffer, all member suffer me. I I ain't know about them. No, it just say that. But here the other part. When one member be honored, all the members rejoice with it. Now, this is a problem. This is a problem for the jealous and the envious, the malicious and the wicked. Yes. Am I too hard tonight? Are we warming up? This part is very important. When God bless you, see who rejoicing with you. There some people the face was smiling only time when they see the bless the face just turn that that that that smile just going up. That's that's you wipe the smile off your face with that blessing. You got you know what happening? Something inside their heart. They vex. They upset. Oh, they can't handle it. Oh, glory to God. And God, God easy. You know, God, we are doing. He said, David, he prepared a table for me in in the presence of my enemy. God, they're doing it privately. You know, God making sure the enemy eyes big and open. They sleeping. They sleeping on, you know, they watching and God putting the table and putting the mat and putting the tablecloth and putting the napkin, put in the fork, put in the food and you could sit down there and angels watching. He prepare a table for me in the presence of my enemies. Oh, surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life. Oh God, you could watch but you can't touch. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. You could watch but you can't touch. [Music] If you follow God and obey God, the devil is not a problem. Let me say it again. Good. If you're following in God's way, in his word, the devil is not a problem. Because this word meet the devil anywhere, anytime, on a place, under any condition, God will bless you. He telling he said, "If I'll bless you when you're going out, I'll bless you when you're coming in. I'll bless you when you pray. I'll bless you here. I'll bless your water. I'll bless your FL. But if you disobey, I will let your enemy do this. Enemy do that. Enemy do that." So if you're watching the enemy attacking your house, home life, marriage, and mine, what are you doing? how you living. Why don't you repent tonight and get all your foolishness and let the blessing of God follow you? And find God's favor. David found favor. Joseph found favor. These guys, let's find favor. You have a way. Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of them godly. Nor stand in the way of sinners. Nor sit in the seat of the scornful, but his delight is in the law of the Lord and thought he meditate. Day and night he shall be like a tree planted. Not a surface tree. Not somebody dropped your No, no, no. He shall be planted by water. Oh, glory. Whatever you do, shall Come on, shout out, whatever you do shall prosper. We have a promise of prosperity in following God's plan and program. I'm not talking about Pentecostal prosperity foolishness. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about the blessings of Abraham, the blessings of Joseph. That means he will add to you. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Come on now. Give the Lord some praises. When one member rejoice, when one man is honored, all the member rejoice with it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come and rejoice with us. Hallelujah. We have found the coin that was lost. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now you are the body of Christ members in particular and God has set some in the church. First apostles, second there are the prophets, third be teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healing, helps, government, diversity of tongues, all of that. It never said a pastor or a shepherd. He said God said this in the church. Apostles and prophets and teachers and miracles, gifts of healings, helps governments, diversity of tongues. Then Paul went on deeper. Are all apostles? Are all prophets? Are all teachers? Are all miracle workers? The answer is no. Have all the gifts of healing? The answer is no. Do all speak with tongues? Do all interpret? And he said, but coveret earnestly the best gift. I'll show you a more excellent way. And then he went on to 13 to say h about charity. Do I speak with the tongues of men and angels? Though I know the mysteries of the seals, the vials, the plagues, the woes, and the pope that's coming. Hallelujah. And have not charity, I'm wasting my time. Glory to God. Though I preached for 60 years with every knowledge pumping out and I have not charity. Oh God. Waste of time. And then to describe the kind of behavior charity have. Charity have a behavior. Charity is not for the other side. Charity is for this side. A man is a liar if he cannot demonstrate the love of God to his own people. Come on, give the Lord a shout. Charity is to be manifested here. It is kind. It seeketh not own. Is not easily provoked. It believeth all things. It hope all things. It endureth all things. Come on. Give the Lord a shout in the house. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So we have to get a dip in this charity to manifest it on this side. If we dead and gone on that other side is perfect. But this side we need that. When that love came over the br to deal with the killer bull, he said I wish it happened all the time. He says something came over me. Not something had to come upon the bride. Oh glory to God. Give the Lord some praises. So listen listen. If we have not attained yet to charity, what do we have to boast about? We we are nothing. like for Instagram like what's the what's the point? My truth bigger than yours. I'm more revolution than you. I higher I have a better jacket. My jacket is gray. Your jacket is white. Is that jacket competition? You see the foolishness is kind of but said it take perfect love to enter there. He a say long in the message. He say the Bible it take perfect love. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now bear in mind when that which is perfect is come, God shows that which is in part. We had part for seven ages. When God sent William Brandham wasn't to bring part, he was to bring that which is perfect. Because when he connect the pipes that was broken up through seven ages, now the current of the Holy Ghost flowing through the seven pipes. Hallelujah. Because the word was catrice of natures by the nominational praise God spirits and once the devil break up this thing the spirit can't move trapped by circumstance the nonoperation of the spirit because the word was conquered or the word was was was was crushed but what brother Brandham did he say seven angels come from eternity to gather the scattered word to tie back into the word it's like some joints they start to tie back so they start to tie back And when they tie back the horn can flow. So when he come back to adoption for us he said you have to say there is my spirit flowing freely. That means a dead man be in the pullpit. He has no ambition. He has no Hallelujah. He's a real unock then he not not sping his own seeds his own revelations playing prophet and whatn not playing God. We'll get it. You know all them who playing this God who who play the Holy Spirit. You will see how Jesus play this this this thing. Brother, when a church is groaning under the persecution of the outside world, believing on the Lord Jesus that the promise of the Holy Ghost. It's just as real, just as real to us as it was to Pentecost. How they grown and cry on labor pains. But when they are born one, two, and positionally born. Hallelujah. Then the Holy Ghost has set in the church. Apostles, prophets, teachers, praise God, pastors, evangelists, then he gives into speaking in tongues, interpreting of tongues, knowledge, wisdom, gifts of healing, all kind of miracles. That is the whole package. Hallelujah. That is the whole dinner with dessert. That's the whole package for the ministry and for the people. Oh, give the Lord some praises. We're going to have a perfect church inside of here. That is what is promised in the last days. A church with Jesus walking in it. The shout of the king in the camp. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Let's continue. Could you take a little more? All right. I've noticed that I kind of teach I teach on Sunday teaching again today. But Abraham says this is my purpose of he said this is my purpose of doing this. The church is always trying to take somebody else's corner but don't do that. You can never raise corn in Ephraim's corner if you are manet. You've got to take your place in Christ positionally or it's get deep and rich. We have been taught many times we all have to speak with tongues. That's wrong. We all got to do it. No we don't. They all didn't come to do one thing. Now you are first born into the kingdom by the Holy Ghost. Then next you are predestinated unto what? Adoption. What is that? You are predestinated into the placing. Yes sir. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Man said can't take his land. I have a I I can't have a healing service when half you say I go out there to preach a baptism in Jesus name and the trinity and brethren say oh he is old Jesus only. I can't go over here with divine healing. Half of them say divine healing is all right. And a lot of them enjoy miracles of the Lord and say, "Well, I believe but Abraham is a prophet." But let me tell you something. As long as his spirit is on him, he's discerning. He's the Lord's servant. But his teaching is rotten. It is no good. Who ever heard such Tommy rod is either of God is not of God. How you going to act? Here we go. Man won't keep his ground. Ephraim won't keep his ground. Why? Why? Because they watching what man doing. Ephraim watching what this one doing. Amen. Take that to the individual in church now. This one watching this one doing I supposed to be there. I should have that. They thinking yourself a certain way. And God hates that because he cannot positionally place you when your mind messed up. You have to get a renewal of your mind. You have to get clear glasses. The devil give you some bluish thing. Every you seen everything blue. You need some green glasses or pink glasses. Everything pink and you seeing clearly, you know, you see it pink. You have a colored view because of how you think. And the Bible said, "Let each man don't have a exaggerated view of himself." That's what I'm message. You know what's behind that? A fiveletter word. You know what it is? Pride. That word that really is if brothers only humble yourself, they'll recognize that they need others. And they'll begin to respect others. If I complain about every minister, he this, he this, he this. I have no trust in no. And one brother every time I talk to him you talk about this minister negative negative negative. I said my goodness when you get some positive stuff. We born in sin shape. You think we born on a righteous. We born from the Virgin Mary. Virgin Mary is the mother. We born in sin shape iniquity. We come in the world speaking lies. God by his blood and grace save us. We not in a position to judge others like Moses sitting on Moses seat. We we are not God. Jesus did better than those disciples. Shall we call on fire like Elijah did? Call on fire. They're feeling powerful. I feel anointing God. Jesus said all you know. Do you know what spiritual just leave them feel alone? He say all you do know what spirit of just the anointing making you act a certain way. All right. Let me see if I close up here. Brother man said won't keep his ground. Ephraim won't keep his ground. God won't keep his ground. Benjamin won't keep his ground. They're all running out here with the Philistines all mixed up. How are we going to get placed? But we have been born by the Holy Ghost. All right. We are born to predestinated. Then after being born, we are predestinated under adoption to be placed in the body of Christ. You see what I mean? What is the body of Christ? Some are apostles, some are prophets, some are teachers, some are evangelists, some are pastors, others are gifts of tongues, interpretation of tongues, wisdom, knowledge, miracle. You see how he place all of that? He placed all of that in the body, including tongues, interpretations and miracles along with pastors and teachers, evangelists. All of that is part of the body. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. We are born in the spirit of God. Receive the Holy Ghost and cry aba father. Hallelujah. We are children but we can't get nowhere. We can't whip the Philistines. I want to read this part here. He said look at Billy Graham the Muhammad and said prove it. This some Muslim guy. Look at Jack Co standing yonder and that atheist that church of Christ shaking hands with the 80s out there supposed to be a Christian shaking hands with a devil like Joe Lewis a freethinker even cuss God and said there was no such thing as God and shaking hands with him taking sides against brother Jaku how are you going to do anything on the Pentecostal many of them against him when every preacher in our land ought to stood toeto toe with him and said God sending your power there we are we can't be placed so if you revival divert you revival them having revival really really talk about you know somebody having something the others wouldn't support it cuz not they not not not not them producing it all of that so I see this way if somebody get a breakthrough that's a breakthrough for the kingdom I want people to get a breakthrough I want the pastor and minister get a breakthrough when a pastor minister or apostle whoever get a breakthrough they get a breakthrough not for themselves That's a man getting a breakthrough that could do more for the kingdom of God. If he see it, you know, God bless us and he see for himself and his church and what not. He he he has a problem that that have a limit that have a time limit. All right. Ephraim don't want to stay. One of them go over here. We find mana say over here. Oh, the Lord give me a good corn field. And God say, wait a minute. I'm supposed to raise oats, but I'm going to get corn, too. Hallelujah. He said, "You ain't got nothing to do with corn. Get oats. Oats is your part to raise. You ain't supposed to hurt sheep when you're supposed to hurt cattle." God wants to place the church. But every one of them wants to do the same thing. So which man could place the church? Bangali. Glory. When you're with me, you're the five. When you're not with me, you're no longer 54. That a man placing others. You know what I'm saying? Now watch this. Now you watch. All right. You ain't supposed to hurt sheep and you're supposed to hurt her cattle. God wants to place the church. Every one of them wants to do the same thing, but you can't tell them a thing about it. No, they still got that goaty nature. But but but but but you can't tell them. You can't place the church. Here we go. And this is the part. You know, the church is supposed to be predestinated unto adoption of children. Yes, sir. Yeah. Where God can take a man and adopt him into the family and give him something. So adoption have something that goes with it. A man can't have no dry adoption. You say adopted and you have not get but you you had the Bible long time. Somebody get the Bible long time. You say go get the Bible. God has to give you something. That identify I have approved this man. So God can take a man adopt him into the family give him something. We just have to say yes is the Lord is Lord. No he didn't say that. Try it. See if it is right. bring you adoption. Come with you and your angel. Come with them. Both of all you come. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Do you understand that? This is what this is what we train to do now. A man claims something, bring it or angel talk to you. You meet an angel along the road and come bring you and angel and come. Let's talk about it. Try it. But they don't want to try it. The way you accept that. No, we supposed to try what you claim. We supposed to try what you claim. You make a claim. We supposed to try that. Not because you say so you got a dream. No, I don't want to hear about dream. I want to try it. Watch. The Bible said try it. See if it is right. If it is right, move right with it. Then say what? Lord, send us something else. Keep moving until every fellow take his place. Then you're going to see the church of God begin to get in his place. Then is when the Philistines will go to backing up. The shorts will go off. Here will go down. Faces will be washed. Sigers will be missing. And when the church gets into this mighty power, when they will have a nast and safara, a few of them, you will see when that holy church stands together in its power, positionally placed as sons of God, adopted into the family of God, a powerful church standing in his glory. That's what he's coming back for. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Adam bride couldn't wait. That's what Adam found. That's what Christ found. Couldn't wait. That's what the matter with the people today. They can't wait for the real Holy Spirit to take the church in position. Do you get that now? Do you understand that tonight? Do you understand that? And and I want people who going to be hearing it to listen again. The reason we have all these false manifestation, false claims, false revelation because they wouldn't wait for the real Holy Spirit to take the church in position because they have a time for that. Oh, give the Lord a shout. How be it we speak wisdom to them that are perfect or them that are mature. Why would God speak wisdom to immature people to babies and so on? It has to be mature people. It has to be people come to rightness. Had to people come to brotherly kindness, forgiveness. Where you can identify you are right for the age you're living in. Watch this here now. They can't wait for the real Holy Spirit to take the church in position. They got to manufacture something initial evidence tongues to get more members in the church. Watch all these kind of tummy rot instead of waiting upon the Lord for the real manifestation of the resurrection of Christ making himself known among the people. She can't wait. He said when that time come then the seven thunders being manifested then him moving in and out among us then we are worshiping the living Christ. It have no man inside of there. It have no pastor, apostle, prophet, teacher, evangelist inside there at all. him moving in and out. Then we worshiping the living Christ. Oh, glory to God. Then he talk about king lamb worship. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Praising, blessing, and honor and glory. Oh, glory to God. This is the word. Now, you could read back what I'm saying back in the message. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. He says a phony. If it wasn't, this world would be a flame. Watch. Okay. Today, they try to manufacture something. Glory to God. She got worked up trying to manufacture something. He says it's a phony. If it it wasn't this world would be a flame with the power of God. The church would be on fire. The dead will be raised. All kind of things taking place. If that talk about the real thing then no explanation where you need to know the mysteries and as a pastor you need to sit down and learn some more mysteries and mysteries. Sit down teach me. So why why I need the Holy Ghost for you see that the pope come in and the message popes they really want that father job bad. Brother George. No, I'm not father Leo who who get mapped up. They really want to be father father over people. So watch this thing now. He said if was the real thing you the world would be a flame with the power of God. The church would be on fire. The dead would be raised. All kind of thing would be taking place. But what did they show? Before Christ could get to her, before he got her to plant his own seed, she have wheat seeds. The nominal national seeds. That's the reason she's reaping a harvest right now. So the noman seed spirits have taken on the message. So that why they have the camp now. If if is Baptist Methodist all over again in the message just their public baptist but they when they believe they receive receive is Baptist doctrine again. You know what I mean? Just the message quoted and the Baptist message is Pentecost that that would have now. Hallelujah. Here we go. From Christ of God reveal. Let me stretch you. His body will do the works that he promised like in Mark 16 and so forth. His body not the church. His body will do the works that he promised in Mark 6. Watch here this part. This is good. His body was not held in the grave but was recognized with him in the resurrection. Then the body of his believing children will not be held in the grave when he comes but will be recognized with him because he died for the purpose to resurrect his bride. body recognized because it is his body. Because it is the word. It is so completely yielded from denomination things to him. He is the word. Here we go. And it is recognized with him because now we have the first fruit of our resurrection by and know we have passed from death until life and by his personal headship that he's the same yesterday, then forever by doing the same things through Christ that he did in. Amen. So the works that Christ did when the bride begins to do is evidence of the personal headship. Glory to God. Hear the bomb. The life in the body is a vindication of the rapture is at hand. Oh, glory to God. Oh, that enough to make your re that make a dead saint come alive. The life in the body is a vindication of the rapture is at hand. When you see the head hip and the body becoming one and the fullness here we go of the measure of his manifestation shows that the body is about to ready receive the headship they can't get away from it it's not when he come and recognize how much books we have how much books we know how much we talk how much we quote have nothing to do with that it has to come into our manifestation he's talking about the fullness of the measure of his manifestation shows that the body is ready to received the headship. Oh, he is bringing life to the body in a vindication of the rapture. Oh, glory to God. Hear that? He's bringing life to the body as a vindication of the rapture. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. I'm going to close. My God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Acts 3:13 6 3:16 when Peter asks how the mighty miracle had been taking place upon the one. Jesus said he experienced and this wise his Jesus name through faith in his name had made this man former strong the faith which is by from him Jesus had given him the man his perfect soundness in the presence of all Jesus name Jesus faith brought the miracle Peter did not claim it was his own human faith any more than he claimed he was his own name he said that Jesus name used in faith which is from Jesus performed a great work. This faith in what the Lord was speaking about in Revelation 2:13, it was his faith. It was not in him. It was his own faith that he had given to the believers. The faith of Jesus Christ. So Peter didn't claim to be God. He claimed is his faith in Jesus. Isn't that right? So Romans 12:3 said, "According as he had dealt to every man, brethren, the measure of faith, and by grace you are saved." Isn't that right? is a gift of God. My brethren, notice our Lord Jesus with respect of persons. In the Pergaman age, they were humanizing salvation, having turned from the truth, the door of their fellowship. Watch. In an age of rapid degradation, there were still a few that had a measure of that faith of our Lord Jesus Christ. Not only used that faith in acts of power, but withtood those who dare to say that they were saved simply on the grounds of joining church. Musician, come on, please. Hallelujah. They knew that no man could truly believe unto eternal life and the righteousness of God apart from the measure of faith of the Lord Jesus Christ. And today's church, here we go, is filled with mental believers. Who said that? But she said that. No, I didn't say that. But Ram said that. Today's church is filled with mental believers who endorsed the virgin birth, the shed blood, going to church, taking communion, and are not reborn at all. Amen. Even so in that third age was the same problem. Human faith wasn't enough then. It is not enough now. It take the very faith of the son of God to drop into the man's heart so he can receive the Lord of glory into the temple not made with hands. This was a living faith. I live by the faith of the son of God. Paul did not say he lived by faith in the son of God. It was the faith of the son of God that has given him life and kept him in Christian victory. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I said all of that to come to this. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham. We've got theologians. We've got doctors of divinity. We have got great men all over the world, smart, intelligent, educated. But it takes the simplicity of believing God to make his word speak out to show that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, day and forever. It takes a humble heart dedicated to God to bring Jesus Christ into present tense. Wonderful. And I'm closing here with this scripture from Philippians chapter 2 verse 3-10. This caps off the whole thing. Paul speaks, "Let nothing be done to strife of vain glory, but in loneliness of mind, let each esteem the other better than themselves. Look not every man on his own things, but every man also in the things of others. Let this mind be you which is also in Christ Jesus. Who being in the form of God, taught not robbery to be equal with God, made himself no reputation, took upon him the form of a servant, made in the likeness of men, and being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself and became obedient to death, even the debt of the cross. That's in the amplified. And this is where we could close. Do nothing from factional motives, through contentious strife and selfishness or for unworthy ends or prompted by conceit and empty arrogance. Instead, in the true spirit of humility, this is it here. Now, loneliness of mind, you can't really be humble if you don't have a loneliness of mind. Let each regard the others as better than and superior to himself. as big thinking more highly of one another than you could do yourself. That's an exercise you know. That's a hard thing that you could actually think somebody more superior than you. Because you see when you think you hard on somebody, you belittle them, you mock them, you tell jokes on them, you laugh at them because you seen them down there. Let each of you esteem and look upon and be concerned not merely his own interest but also the interest of others. And this is a bomb. Let this same attitude and purpose and humble mind be in you which was in Christ Jesus. Let him be your example in humility who here we go. Although being essentially one with God and in the form of God, possessing the fullness of the attributes which make God God, did not think this equality with God was a thing to be eagerly grasped or retained but stripped himself. Jesus never s I am God. I am the Holy Ghost. I am it. Look me here. He never talk like that. He never boast. He never bring them things out. Yes sir. He stripped himself of all privileges as to assume the guise of a servant, a slave. In that he became like men and was born a human being. After he had appeared a human form, he abased himself and humbled himself still further and carried his obedience to the extreme of death, even the death of the cross. And he stooped so low. God has highly exalted him and has freely bestowed upon him a name that is above every other name that at the name of Jesus Christ every knee shall bow on heaven and earth and under the earth. May God bless his word with let's all stand and praise God. Father God we thank you tonight. I pray your blessing poured upon your people inspire them father that Lord the measure you appropriated to them. May they see and catch it by revelation that they need to think differently a new attitude a renewed mind a loneliness of mind. And granted, Father, I commit them hands into your hands. Bless the upcoming services coming Sunday, special youth service. May they invite some young person out that they could hear this special word from the Lord. Granted, God in Jesus name we ask it. Amen. God bless you. Thanks again for coming. Praise the Lord. [Music] Oh, let's all praise him tonight. Glory to God. Give him praise. Lift your hands and worship him with all your heart. Oh, what a message from the Lord. We thank God for his word. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, I want to be a Christian in my heart. Oh Lord, I want to be a Christian in my heart. In my heart. In my heart. [Music] Oh Lord, I I want to be a Christian in my heart. Oh, and Lord, I want to be more holy, more holy in my heart, in my heart. Lord, I want to be more holy in my heart. In my heart. In my heart. Lord, I want to be more holy in my heart. Lord, I want to be like Jesus. Oh Lord, I want to be like Jesus in my heart. Lift your hand and say, "Oh Lord, I want to be like Jesus in my heart. Oh, in my heart. Oh, in my heart. Oh Lord. Oh Lord, I want to be like Jesus here in my heart. Now give him praise right now tonight with all your heart. Oh hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh hallelujah. Thank him. Oh thank him for his word. Oh that we have heard tonight. Oh what a message from the Lord. Oh, they appreciate. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, we thank you, Lord, in my heart. Oh, in my heart, oh Lord. Oh Lord, I want to be like Jesus. in my [Music] heart. Oh, can we give the Lord a hand of praise tonight? Praise God. How many appreciate the word of the Lord? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. The degree of faith aortioned by God. Do you believe it tonight? What a message from the Lord. Amen. We thank God. We want to uh uh uh we want these things to be fulfilled in our lives. Amen. Amen. God promised a portion for us. Amen. In heavenly places. Amen. In our position in Christ. Amen. There's a place for him. A place for you by him tonight. Amen. We believe with our hearts. Amen. Oh, as the brothers get ready to bring their ti offering. Praise God. Amen. I wanted to I want to keep for that song. Are you in the church triumphant? Amen. And are you in the Savior's bride? Amen. We'll sing as we closing out the service tonight. Let's just bow our hands. Amen. Almighty God, we thank you for your grace and your mercy tonight, Lord. And Lord, as we just pause to pick up the ts you offering, we pray a blessing. May you use it for the furtherance of your gospel, Lord. Bless the people as they give. May you provide for them there, Father. And bless the ministries, Father, as we continue in your love in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Praise God. Oh, are you in the church triumphant? Oh, are you in the Savior's bride? Oh, come and be baptized into the body. Oh, and forever more abide. Oh, have you been baptized into the body? Oh, baptized with the Holy Ghost. Oh, there is but one way to enter in it. Oh, just as they did on Pentecost. So, are you in Well, are you in the church triumphant? Oh, are you in the Savior's bride? Oh, come and be baptized into the body. Oh, and forever more abide. Oh, there is but one church, bride, all body. Oh, and into it where all baptized. Oh, by the one true promise, Holy Spirit. Oh, though by the world we are all despised. Oh, so are you in the church triumphant. Oh, and are you in that savior's bride? Oh, come and be baptized into the body. Oh, and forever more about. Oh, one more verse. Oh, many thought that they were in the body. Oh, until the Holy Ghost had come. Oh, and then the word of God was open to them. Oh, they entered it and yet there's room. Oh, tonight. Well, are you in? Oh, there's room tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, and are you in the Savior's bride? Come and be well. Come and be baptized into the body. Oh, and forever more. One more time. Oh, are you in well? Are you in the church triumphant? Oh, are you in the Savior's bride? Oh, come and be baptized into the body. Oh, and forever more. Oh, hallelujah. Give the Lord one more shout of praise. Thank you, Father. Blessed be your holy name. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. Wonderful tonight. Oh, let's just bow our heads now as we feel so great in his presence. Amen. Almighty God, Lord, we are grateful tonight, Lord, for your word to our hearts, Father. Lord, it is like water to our thirsty soul, dear God. Lord, how you feed us by your bread, Lord. We thank you tonight, Lord, for revealing your word and speaking your word in such a way, Lord, and using your servant in such a way tonight, Father, to bring it, Lord, Father, so simple, so understood, Lord, with such clarity, Lord. We thank you for it tonight. We thank you for him, dear God. We thank you for our pastor dear God, brother O Lord who labored here tonight Lord to bring this message Lord Lord and going through Lord teaching it father Lord scripture by scripture quote by quote Lord line upon line father we see Lord the Lord the understanding of it we thank you father for a a correct interpretation oh God father a clear understanding of what you want from us Lord of what you desire for us to be Lord how we ought to see ourselves Lord the way you see us, Lord. Way we ought to see each other through the word and through the scripture. Father, help us. Father, renew our minds, oh God. Refresh us with your spirit. Lord, Father, give us a fresh understanding, a fresh vision, Lord. Take out the the lens of the world away from us, Lord. Help us to see things, Lord, the way, Lord, it ought to be presented, Lord. Father, Lord, may continue to clear our minds up, Lord. wash our brains out with the word of God, Lord. Father, so that we could stand sure upon your promises, Lord, and know who we are and what we're supposed to receive in this end time, oh Lord, that we not be not deceived, Lord. Thank you for your our pastor one more time tonight. We pray you bless him and anoint him and continue to inspire him as he is mightily use of you, dear God, uh uh uh to help us along the way, Father, with his word, Lord, Father, from you tonight. Lord, we thank you for the service tonight. We thank you for being here in your presence. We don't take it for granted, Lord. Lord, but we know that, Lord, uh it's it's not forever, Father. But while we do have it, Lord, we are thankful for it, Lord. And we we are grateful for this opportunity uh to be in your presence, Father. So Lord, as we leave this place now, may your presence go with each individual, dear God, with them in their vehicles, Lord, and you may take them back safely to their place of abode. May you bring us back, Lord, at a time of appointment. Lord, we pray for your grace for tomorrow. Uh we don't know what tomorrow is Lord, but we put tomorrow in your hands and we trust you, Father, that there will be a tomorrow by the grace of almighty God. So father we leave here now with a portion of your grace and presence and we pray each one be a bless uh in a special way tonight. Even those who are on the internet listening maybe Lord may you be with them also tonight father wherever they might be tonight. You know every soul Lord they are in your hands Lord. Lord and we thank you for them also and we pray you'll bless us one more time as we leave this place in Jesus Christ's name. Amen and amen. Praise God. You can have your seats. I dismiss. Just don't forget the uh service we have next coming up will be on Friday or on our Zoom service. Looking forward for God to bless us and continue to anoint us and inspire us there. And then of course uh brother mentioned it in the preaching um in the prayer rather in the end there about our special deliverance service on Sunday. Amen. So may you be blessed and uh we're looking forward for God to do great things on Sunday among us. Invite someone out. Amen. For this uh youth oriented deliverance service we want to have by the grace of God. So stay on fire for God. Amen. As Josh has come and dismiss you out, may you go with his peace. Amen. In Jesus name until we meet again. Oh hallelu the glory. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Thine the glory revive us again. Hallelujah. Oh thine the glory. Hallelu. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. God bless you. [Music]
