################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-26 - Boundaries Starve Unbelief And Feed Faith - (Bible Study) - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-26
Title:   Boundaries Starve Unbelief And Feed Faith - (Bible Study) - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a47ZVcgo7mQ
========================================

Amen. And amen. Blessed be your name, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. I want you to just give him some praise tonight. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, thank you for your love. Thank you for your mercy, Lord. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. I want to sing this song. God and God alone created all these things we call our own. From the mighty to the small, the glory in them all is God and God alone. heart and God alone is fit to take the universe's throne. [Music] Let everything that lives reserve it through his praise. For God and God alone, [Music] God and God alone reveals the truth of all we call unknown. And the best and worst of man won't change the master's plan for its car and God alone. Oh God and God alone created all these things we call Lord. Let everything that lives preserve it to his praise. Oh God and God alone. We give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. God and God alone is fit to take the universe's throne. Oh, let everything that lives reserve it through his praise. [Music] for God and God alone. Oh everything that is we deserve it praise for God and God alone. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Let's give him praise tonight. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Give him praise tonight. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. How many feel tonight? Amen. Amen. Oh, Jesus. Jesus, Lord to me. He's my master, savior, prince of peace and ruler of my heart today. He is Jesus, Lord to me. [Music] Oh, is Jesus Jesus Lord to me? He's my master, savior, praise of peace. He's the ruler of my heart today. He is Jesus. Lord to me. Oh, one more time with all your heart. Oh, he Lord to me. He's master savior praise of peace. Oh, ruler of my heart today. He is Jesus, Lord to me. Oh, give him a shout of praise tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Many, many. Amen. Praise God. Amen. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, and they're washed like snow. Oh, and free from all sin. And how we will shout. Oh, sing. And how we will sing. Yes, I will. When the redee are gathering in. Oh well when redeemed. Oh our gather in it. Well wash like snow and free from all sin. But how we will shout. Oh and how we will sing. Yes I will. When the redee are gather in. Oh the redee. I gather in. Oh, and wash like snow. Oh, and free from all sin. Oh, well, how we will shout. Oh, sing and how we will sing. Yes, I will. Oh, when the redeemer are gathering. Well, I have decided oh to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. The cross before me. Oh, and the world behind me. Oh, the cross before me. And the world behind me. The cross before me. Oh, and the world behind me. No turning back. Hallelujah. No turning back. Give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, no. No turning back. Oh, no. No turning back. I have decided follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. [Music] Oh, give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen and amen. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. They love him tonight. Oh, they love his presence. Amen. Hallelujah. When we praise, when we praise, there should be a fire in our hearts. Hands are praise when we praise, consuming every part. Because we know that the God we serve will make his presence known when we pray. When we pray [Music] when we praise, when we praise, there should be a fire in our hearts and a praise. and praise. We are consuming every part because we know that the God we serve will make his presence known when we praise. When we praise, oh when we praise, when we praise, there should be a fire and lift your hands and say, "Hands of praise. When we praise, consuming we pray." Because we know that the God we serve will make his presence known when we pray. When we praise. Oh, give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. We praise you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, there's a fire in my heart. Oh, your savior, your redeemer. You're consuming every part because we know that the God we serve will make his presence know when when we praise. When we praise When we praise. Oh yes, Lord. When we praise, when we praise, when we praise. Oh, when we when we praise, when we praise, when we praise. [Music] Oh, give him praise tonight. Thank you, Jesus. I want to be more like you, Jesus. inside. Want to be more like you. Oh, I want to be a vessel you work through. And I want to be more like you. Oh, with all your heart. Oh, I want to be more like you, Jesus. So I want to be more like you. Oo I want to be a vessel by you and I want to be more like you. Well that's it. Just one more time. Oh Lord I more like you. Oh Jesus, I want to be more like you. Oh, I want to be a vessel to work through and I want to be more. &gt;&gt; Blessed be the name of the Lord. We thank God tonight to be here and God bless you all and we certainly appreciate all of you stepping forward to be here tonight. Let's bless a prayer. We want to remember brother Alman of Migos Nigeria. Please pray for to God to grant me healing touch from every ailment in my body. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you for this great opportunity to gather in your presence in this virtual setting and I pray that your holy spirit will move through the atmosphere, Father, and minister to each one to brother man, Father God, Wayne Logos, Father. I pray visit him touching from the crown of the head to the soul of his feet. May he be healed and delivered completely in the name of Jesus. And as we approach your word tonight, may your presence be with us this special time in study in your word. May it light up your people. May their mind be transformed and changed from a a a whole different view from how they view things, how they view you, how you view your nature, your ways, your word, your truth, because you said you shall know the truth and the truth shall set us free. So, Father, come with your truth tonight and speak to us by your word. In Jesus name I ask it. Amen. And amen. So, God bless you. And if you have your Bibles, I'd like you to turn to Job chapter 14. We're going to read five verses dear. And um strange scripture to read tonight, but we're going to have that tonight. And the title of what I want to share with you tonight is boundaries starve unbelief and feed faith. And I want to connect with what brother has been on dismantling unbelief. I just like those two words that combination. Mash it up, break it up, destroy it, wreck it. dismantling unbelief. Job 14:1-5. Man that is born of a woman is of a few days and full of trouble. He cometh forth like a flower and is cut down. He fleth also as a shadow and contin thou open thine eyes upon such and one and bringest me into judgment with thee? Who can bring a clean thing out of unclean? Not one. Seeing his days are determined, the number of his months are with thee. Thou has appointed his bounds that he cannot pass. And from this scripture, seeing his days are determined, the number of his months are with thee, thou has appointed his bounds that he cannot pass. And this is where I want to talk a bit about boundary. boundaries. You know, Jesus, the Bible said in Matthew 13:58, he did not many mighty works there because of their unbelief. Mark 6:6, "And he marveled because of their unbelief, and he went round about the village teaching." I think brother Redhead read this one. Hebrews 3:12, "Take heed, brethren, lest there be in any of you an evil heart of unbelief in departing from the living God." And we know that they could not enter in because of unbelief. So there has to be a way of dismantling this unbelief and it's not dismantling just matter of dismantling unbelief but dismantling unbelief also mean replacing it with fate that truly comes from the word prayer dedication and consecration. Now what are boundaries? Boundaries are limits or guidelines that defines where something ends and another begins. So when God say he have set us boundaries, it means he set us a limit. He talk about three score on 10 and if by virtue of grace you get an extension praise. But he has set boundaries over man. Boundaries align edges and limits. Example, a fence mark the boundaries between two properties. Boundaries are also in personal and relationship to protect your well-being and define what you are comfortable with. Boundaries is what will cause you to say no when you don't want to do something. There are also geographical boundaries between nations and countries. There are also in abstract terms boundaries in limiting your thought and behavior. The Bible talk about bringing every thought into captivity of Jesus Christ. So boundaries are limits that protects, define and give structure to relationships. Now God is a God of order. That is why he set boundaries strange enough for himself, by his word, and by his character and for his creation. And maybe you never thought of it that God actually set boundaries to himself. God is infinite. God is sovereign. And he chooses to act within the boundaries of his own word. That's why he told Adam, "The day you eat thereof, that day you shall surely die." He couldn't come around and say, "Oh gosh, it's my son. As is you pass through the back door, you don't have to die." No, he has to keep his word. He is limited by the boundaries of his own word. And in Psalms 84:34, he said, "My covenant will I not break, nor alter the thing that is gone out of my lips." So once God speaks it, he binds himself to what he speaks. He cannot go back on it. Numbers 23-9 says, "God is not a man that he should lie. Neither the son of man that he should repent. Hath he said and shall he not do it? Hath he spoken? Shall he not make it good?" And Isaiah says, "My word shall not return unto me void." So whatever is gone out of his lips, he cannot alter it. God is also bound by the boundaries of his holiness. God is also bound by the boundaries of his promises and his covenant. That's why in times of Noah, he said, "I will not destroy the earth again by water." Genesis 9:11, "And I will establish my covenant with you, neither shall all flesh be cut off anymore by waters of a flood, neither shall there anymore be a flood to destroy the earth." the token of the covenant which I make between me and you and every living creature that is with you for perpetual generations. I do set my bow in the cloud. It shall be a token of a covenant between me and the earth. So God b himself by promises but bind himself by covenants. And then God sets boundaries for his creation in nature. Genesis 1:9 and God said, "Let the waters under the heavens be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear." It was so. So God set the moon, stars to govern the waves, the tides. He set things in order. God sets moral and spiritual boundaries. And that is how he put the tree of the knowledge of good and evil and tell them, "Thou shalt not eat of it." God also set human boundaries. In Acts 19:17-26 it says, "And had made of one blood all nations of men to dwell on all the face of the earth and had determined the times before appointed and the bounds of the habitation." So God knew exactly where man would live. There's also boundaries of e for evil. And this is what he said in Job. Job 1:2, God allowed Satan to test Job. He said, "Behold, he's in thine hand, but save his life." So when Satan fought from the presence of the Lord and smoke Job with sore boils from the sole of his foot unto his crown. So Satan was limited as to how far he could go with Job. Isn't that something tonight? So God have boundaries for himself. God have boundaries for his people. And I was thinking about it because this thing was, how to say it, riding me. And I realized that boundaries could be applied to your personal life as seen as discipline. And this is a word we have struck many a times. This is a word young people don't like to hear because they want to do their own thing. you want to, you know, but as we taught before, there's a cost of freedom. The cost of freedom. I want to be free. I can't wait till I reach 18. I can't wait for this and that and the other. And when we look at the children of Israel coming out of Egypt for 400 years, this people generation after generations in bondage. And when they got the freedom that they desired, the freedom that they was longing after, they messed up. They're messed up because freedom carries a price. That is why there are some people stuck to be bound, stuck in what they are in. Because when you are slave, you don't have to have responsibility. You don't have to have ownership. You they give you food. They tell you when to sleep. They give you drink. They beat you. They they make you work but you are not in charge of you. And that is why when they came out of Egypt, the issue wasn't coming out of Egypt. The issue is how could God get Egypt out of them? And many people come out from the world, come into church, not Christ just yet, come to church, come as believers and so on like that. But what the objective is to get you not just out of Egypt, but get Egypt out of you. And that is where that first word terminology called church comes from as the called out ones. But remember, God is not calling you out just to say you are called out. God is calling you out to go into something. He doesn't call us out just to call us out. He called us out into a possession, into a promised land, into the Holy Ghost, into what is promised for us at this very hour. Now, some people come out, but they haven't gone in. And that is where the problem lies. That is where the uncertainty lies. That is where the unbelief lies. And we find out that the people that came out of Egypt was a mixed multitude. It had Dayton. It had Kora. It had a lot of real troublesome characters that they was just with the crowd that was on their way out. And in addition, because of the people's unbelief, God said, "I will not let you go over your children would, but you won't. You would stay there. You would go 40 years until the carcass dropped and die and God saw it that that generation did not go in except Joshua and Caleb and their children is to cross over. So unbelief is really something that God hates. It disturbs the rhythm of things. Unbelief even affected Jesus ministry when he was on the fields and so on like that. So God really desires a dismantling of this thing called unbelief that we could have all faith because all things are possible to them that believe not only with God. How you think about that? Like they say all things are possible with God. Yes. But he said all things are possible to them that believe. And when that centurion man came to Jesus and he said Lord my servant is sick of the devil. Now remember he was not a baptized believer. He was not a Christian. He was an ordinary man that saw something. He saw that Jesus was under authority and he said it to Jesus. He explained the basis of his faith in telling him speak the word. He said I I am a man under authority. I say to one go we go it. I say the one come and he cometh. You just speak the word. I'm not worthy for you to come under my roof. Just speak. And Jesus said he had not seen faith like that in Israel. It was a gentile. It was a soldier. It was a man that was concerned about his servant. and to show you that God goes past your background, your race, your color, your creed, whatever it is. Once faith is presented, there's a response. He didn't ask you to join a church. He didn't ask you if you're this, how long you're in sin. No, he's looking for this currency called fate. You know, as we see already, if you go to America, you can't go with TT dollars. You can't spend TT dollars in America. You have to convert your money to US dollars because that is the only money they' recognize. Well, God's currency is a currency of faith. That's the only thing he recognize. Not your tears. You're crying. You're crying. And if you cry with faith, fine. But if you're just crying like it's onion in your eyes, that's a different thing all together. So the tears is will move God. Is the faith that will move God. Just like the Hebrew boy said, we shall not bow down even if our God don't deliver us. In other words, they are standing regardless. So I wanted to share that with you tonight. So let's go a little further. Praise God. So therefore, boundaries are limits set to protect you. And I want to see if I could sh get a mind shift tonight. You know, like people, young people in particular will say, well, you know, I feel bound. I feel I feel like limited and whatnot. And they figure that this thing is to ent trap them and to enclose them not and not see it as a view of protecting. The boundaries part is to protect you your well-being, protect your values. The discipline part here we go is to train yourself how to stay within those boundaries. That is where discipline comes in. Now, brother Isaac spoke about Samson and Samson had encounter with I think two women before he end up with Delilah. Samson keep pushing the boundaries. He keep going beyond where God want him to go. And the way a tree leans, that's the way it falls. If you want to push and you're pushing in the wrong direction, you will end up in the wrong place. That the same thing with Lot. Lot pitches them towards Sodom. Not Sodom yet, just just towards. But he end up right there. He end up without considering and weighing out the secondary consequences of going down to Sodom. He could have handled it. Not his wife, not his family. And that is where things crash. So sometime we as parents we as leaders we sometimes could think we handling certain things but the others that we in charge of or the others we are connected with could they handle it. So we have to be careful in our decision making and the choices that we take in life without taking a pause to look at secondary consequences. Yes, you could be strong and your the Lord and your faith and everything else, but be careful. And this is where this is a weighted service tonight. A weighted something tonight. And I'm seeing it in such a different context of this thing called boundaries. All right. So the Bible said in Proverbs 25:28, "He that hath no rule over his own spirit is like a city that is broken down and without walls." Let me read it again. He that hath no rule over his own spirit is like a city that is broken down and without walls. Boundaries like city walls keep you protected. Discipline is coming to the position to rule your own spirit. There are many people want to rule others. They want to rule other things. They want to be in power. They want to have influence just like how today there are people called influencers. But they themselves are not in a position to rule their own selves. And before we can effectively rule others and other things, we have to have the rule over our own lives. And this is exactly what what Jesus God example seed son he did when he got the Holy Ghost. He was led by the spirit into the wilderness to defeat the devil and overcome the lust of the eyes, the lust of the flesh and the pride of life. So therefore, he was a true conqueror. So when he came to the temple and pick up the book and says the spirit is upon me and they thought he reading text that was a overcoming man not with a placard not with a a stamp not with a thing a pin over his chest like a s over his chest like Superman but conquering humility conquering by the word conquering because he kept the boundaries of the word the devil asks him he know you know he's hungry and listen the devil know where you're at he's tracking you as an elect, as a bride member, as in the body of Christ, as a Christian, he is tracking. So he knew Jesus was hungry. So he is not going to see a man hungry and offer him a motor car. That is not even a temptation. That is wasting time. Hunger means this man need food. So the temptation came along that exact line. If thou be the son of God, turn the stone into bread. In other words, follow my instructions. Now, if Jesus could have done it, he could have done it. But that would have been listening to the devil. That would be obeying the voice of the enemy. He said, "Man shall live by bread alone. I'm hungry." Yes, I need bread. Yes, but it's not by bread alone we live by. We live by every word that proceed out of the mouth of God. So, he was clearly in this connection with God that he's not going to deviate from the word. So when the devil recognize this man is on the word, he's come now to give him an offer. The scriptures say that the angel will hold you up if you if you jump from a high building, if you that you shall not dash your foot against a stone. Do it. Show off. Parade your beef, show your flesh, display how much power you have. And Jesus answer him by the word. The final test was all these kingdoms are mine. You don't have to go to the cross. You don't have to pay the price. You don't have to go to Calvary. Just worship me and I will be the CEO in the back. You just the front man and I'll be in the background there. You don't have to go through that pain and suffering. And Jesus handling by the word. It is also written. It is also written. We know that. So I want you to see that boundaries are not to restrict you and restrain you, but it's to protect you. And Paul himself says, "I keep my body and bring it into subjection." So Paul himself says that he has to do that lest after he preached the gospel, he becomes a cast away. So he wasn't putting himself above the saints, above the believers where he's Paul, he's prophet Paul and all things work together for good and all the fancy scriptures we put put around without the discipline. Understand this. God told Joshua, I have given you the land. Could you imagine your aunt say I've given you the car or I've given you the house or some uncles have given you this. God have given you but you have to fight for it. Listen carefully. The lazy man who say there's a land in the streets that we not going out to work going out at all is dead. The thing of it is we sometime miss the fine print. We hear the general statement I have given you the land. The land is mine. You sing a song on it. You write a special on it and for that's fine. He's singing that, but yet he comes and say the fine print, every place you put your foot is yours. So you could use binoculars, you can look at the land, east, west, north, and south, big mountain where you going to put your house, your white house, and everything else. If you don't cross Jordan and put your foot on that land and begin to conquer, you're wasting time. And what it discover and we we strike it I think by the time is that when God tell him meditate day and night and from the river here to Jordan to wherever wherever shall be your coast that wasn't everything but that was and I like this that was what was immediately available for them to conquer and I begin to think what do we have in our lives that we could immediately begin to conquer I want you to think about that while we go forward we going to get back to that. All right. So, you know, sometimes again, you think conquering and it's a big thing and you have this temptation and this trial and and this big thing in front of you, but the Bible said little by little. God has an approach for possession. It wasn't everything. Little by little. How do you save money? When you get $100,000, you start to save. So you're buying the snow cone, you're buying the doubles, you're buying the this, you're buying, you're buying, buying by by your secondary name is buy or buy. First name is buy, second name is buy. You're buying buying buying. You're not considering saving for a rainy day. You start to save when you start to save. That's when you start to save. Whether it's $10, $5, $1,5. But if you're not saving, you are not saving. Then you have to be will say you have to be lying to yourself believing you're getting somewhere that you accumulate a down payment for anything. Yo you are actually lying to yourself. It's a big set of unbelief when you get this you will save. When you will get that you will save. You're not saving nothing because you don't have the discipline to save. And that is why if God can't trust with $100 why should he give you a thousand? You want 10,000 but you can't handle a thousand because you're blowing it. So until you come into discipline, until you see the the value, the joy of getting yourself in order, not others. I'm not talking about blaming others and husband, wife, children, family, neighbor, work, coworker, whatever. Not that. You I'm speaking to tonight. You who the song of my voice tonight, until you can get yourself in order, we have a problem. Okay, let's go. Okay. So, there are different things we could see as boundaries. I like this one. Time boundaries. How we spend our time. Bible speak of we spend our time as a tale that is told. We spend our years as a tale that is told. You waste your minutes, you waste your hours, then you waste days, you waste weeks, you waste months, you waste years spending time. So time is something that could be spent. Time is something that could run out. You could actually run out of time. Time run out. The band says, "Tomorrow I'll big big big bands. I'll spread my business and I'll do this. I'll do that." And God said, "Thou fool, tonight thy soul is required." See, his time ran out. There are moral boundaries. You could choose to go to a party. You could choose to compromise with sin. or you could run like if there's a big truck coming to kill you. There are relationship boundaries, people who you shouldn't have around your life, people that you shouldn't be connecting to. And there are also spiritual boundaries where the Bible proverbs 4:23 and something that Isaac speak a lot about guard your heart. Why would God say that? For out of that of the issues of life. In other words, you can't be loose about your lips. loose about your desires, loose about, you know, what you say. Loose about your tongue. You have to guard your tongue. So, I hope that along the way tonight, it will strike you of these things of what boundaries is like. Praise God. Amen. Let's go. Okay. So therefore boundaries is what define the path from the river Euphrates to there to here and so on. But discipline is what will keep you on that path. Without discipline, boundary is just talk. It's just thoughts. Without boundaries, then the discipline you have, you're not you don't know where you're going. But you see God gave a specific from the river Euphrates to here to there all the land of the Hittites shall until the going of your son. You see the sun going down all that is your coast. So you see the sun going down you reach there yet all that shall be your coast. Thou shall make it on the word day and night. And then the thought struck me about respects about respect as a boundary. And it struck me if you cannot respect the man respect the office he holds. So respect is not a feeling. You know some people like to respect people with a fancy car, fancy house, fancy money, fancy job, fancy title. Respects is something you have to have within because you have to have it to give it. Yes. Some people don't have respects. They cannot give it. But respects is a boundary listen that governs how we interact with people especially people in positions of authority. So respect sets a limit on how far we let our emotions frustrations or disagreement carry. How much marriages get affected because the emotion tip over in a wrong direction? What if husband respects wives? Wife respect their husband and treat them with respect. Bible say husband love your wife, wife respect. Why it is that wife have a battle with respect? What the the the the the Bible didn't call out respects on the husband so much. The Bible call out respects on the wives. The Bible call out love upon the husband. So husbands can have a challenge with loving their wives. Bible talk about treating a wife with wisdom. So the Bible is very specific. It's not there's not a general uh one-size fit all. It it defines certain things and it defines the way a woman or a wife supposed to treat a husband. Of course, we have the modern day feminine kind of thing. Um so subject to a man and the Bible thing and and and that drama business. But the point about it in order to succeed as a family it has to have some structure and some order and God set it up that way because God know it will work best that way. I would not argue with him. So even if you don't like a person if you recognize that that person is an office you could operate with restraint. You could operate with honor. you can operate, you know, you it it makes you stop being insulting and rebellion because that is where things backfire. And a good example of this is in 1st Samuel 24:6. Sometime we know and we know Saul was trying to kill David. And David caught Saul and David could have killed Saul. And he said unto his men, "The Lord forbid that I should do this thing unto my master, the Lord's anointed, to stretch forth my hand against him, seeing he is anointed of the Lord." This is a man out to kill David. David get the opportunity to kill him and David did not. David said he in other words I will not do that because that man is in the position of a king why you want to have on your title you kill a king David didn't do that but you know what was powerful for me to see how Jesus handled the scribe and Pharisees and we find that in Matthew 23 verse 2 and 3 listen to Jesus saying the scribe and Pharisees sit in Moses' seat he's telling you where them guys operating a legalistic lawike position. That is why the woman caught in the act of adultery, they said, "Moses law say she should be stoned." And Jesus said, "Which one of you cast the first stone?" He said, "I ain't come to to to to question the law or fight the law. I come to fulfill the law." So listen to what he is saying here. He's telling the disciples, "The scribe and Pharisees sit in Moses' seat. these guys in a position all therefore whatsoever they bid you observe that observe and do in other words what they talking obey it what they are talking do it but then he say but do not ye after their works or they say and do not so he is saying these guys are hypocrites but respect them what they are saying if it's the truth Obey them, follow it. So these guys were in a position of authority. These guys were sitting in Moses' seat and they were hypocrites. And yet Jesus said, "All therefore whatsoever they bid you, observe. That observe and do, but do not ye after their works or they say and do not." In other words, their life is not tallying up with what they are saying with their mouths. They are already hypocrites. But don't bother with that. Don't go and say hypocrite and you put a card and you're carrying on a piece of foolish. You don't have to go that way. That's disrespect. What you do, you listen, you observe, and you do, and you act because it's God's word. Let them continue sitting Moses seat. God will deal with them. So even Romans 13:7 talking about governmental authority. Now render therefore to all their dues tribute to whom tribute is due custom to whom custom fear to whom fear honor to whom honor. So therefore we respect authority even governmental authority. Of course there will come a time when the government will close us down and all that sort of thing and think that is true. But it the Bible does not give us any position to fight the government and to lead a rebellion and the Bible doesn't give us that authority at all. On the contrary, the Bible say pray for those who in power that we may lead as fast as possible peaceable lives. So you can apply this and the Bible says there and this is from Tim 1 Timothy 2. I exhort therefore that first of all supplications, prayers, intercessions, and given of thanks be made for all men, for kings, and for all that are in authority, that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty. Do you know it takes God to put someone in power? Do you know power comes from God? Do you know that God put Pharaoh in power? Do you know God said, "I harden Pharaoh heart. I'll get me glory over Egypt. So God is the one that set things up and bring kings down. Set kings up kingdom up and bring kingdom down. So you don't have to fight like Abraham. Abraham didn't fight lot men being blessed and and cattle and and everything else and and lot and men and Abraham come and said look we are brethren don't carry where they said of foolishness and men fighting and sheep rustling and all kind of foolishness going on. He said listen, you take the east, I take the west, you you you choose. Imagine God called Abraham and Abraham says my right. God called me first and therefore I want this, I want that. No, no. Abraham said, "Lord, you choose." And look his eyes. His eyes. See the eyes. You look around. You see desert here, desert here. And you see Sodom, water, you see this down Sodom. You get towards Sodom. And when they split, God tell Abraham, "Look east, west, north." And so all is yours. I couldn't tell you been a lot around. know that all split. So sometimes split is in order. God set up that because that level of unbelief doesn't help Lot, doesn't help Abraham. So Lot went down to Sodom and we know these stories. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. You love him tonight. Trusty being edified tonight. Amen. So therefore, respects becomes a boundary of conduct. There are some people like to get trouble. They like to be hard. I know a guy who has been from church to church giving trouble. He you know they they figure that is a devil is a demon. It's some spirit upon them figure that they will go and and challenge things and fight things and whatnot. I believe you you have issue with some place you sort it out or move out. Don't go and carry on with any foolishness. That doesn't make any sense. Doesn't have the cause. Even the Bible talk about wicked servants and the Bible talk about the lord of that servant. I am not the lord of anybody's servant. God will deal with all those who claim to be servants because they have to give an account. So therefore God want us to respect and recognize authority. God want us to learn what it is is to be humble and what is to be disciplined and how we respond to people who don't have the the sharpness or or the grace or whatever we think that they should have. We could we could go past all of that. All right. Now, disrespects. We talk about respects being a boundary. Disrespect break boundaries. And I'll give you an example of that. And if you have your Bible, you could go to Numbers 12. This is Miriam and Aaron coming against Moses. And Numbers 12:1 says, "And Miriam and Aaron speak against Moses because of the Ethiopian woman whom he had married, for he had married an Ethiopian woman." Now, this is none of their business. This is Moses. This is God. Moses is a prophet. This is a sideshow now. And these people choose to comment on something that is absolutely none of their business. And they said, here we go. It gone further than Latin. And they said, "Had the Lord indeed spoken only by Moses? Hath he not spoken also by us?" And the Lord heard it. You know, but I read it said something. I think it was quite interesting. You talk about people who robbing God of tights and he said it's not so much that you know it's what else they robbing God. They could rob God of worship, rob God of prayer, of dedication, devotion is rubbers going on right there is a reflection of more than just that because you have to come into full obedience and the Bible talk about full obedience in of the word of God entitles you to the token. So these people watching Moses marry a 2 p.m. woman they have issues with that. Not only had the issues, you know, they're speaking it and they went. Not only that, they're saying, "But but God, not we talking to Moses, we're talking to us, too." And the Lord heard it. So they're expressing their thoughts in private, but God heard it like a loudspeaker in him. Now verse three, the man Moses was very meek. That's interesting. You got to find some stuff on that. He that be a whole Bible part, Bible study. The man Moses was very meek above all men that were upon the face of the earth. And the Lord spake suddenly unto Moses and unto Aaron and unto Miriam, "Come out, ye tree unto the tabernacle of the congregation, and they tree came out." And the Lord came down in a pill of cloud and stood in the door of the tabernacle and called Aram by God. They say song and like I'm I'm reading it and like I'm seeing it. But could you imagine uh you being there? Could you imagine what type of experience that would be for you to see the cloud come down and call Aaron and Miriam and they both came forth and he said know my words. If there be a prophet among you, I the Lord will make myself known unto him in a vision and will speak unto him in a dream, my servant Moses is not so, who is faithful in all my house. With him will I speak mouth to mouth, even apparently, and not in dark speures. And the similitude of the Lord shall he behold. Wherefore then were you not afraid to speak against my servant Moses? And the anger of the Lord was kindled against him, against them, and he departed. And the cloud departed from off the tabernacle. And behold, Miriam became lepros, white as snow. and Aaron looked upon Miriam and behold she was lepous. So the cloud came down called them out the cloud left and Miriam is now she has leprosy. So Miriam and Aaron criticized Moses because of his wife. They actually stepped outside of the boundary of respect for the office that God gave Moses and judgment was the result. Disrespecting spiritual authority is crossing God's boundary. Want to take another one from 2 Chronicles 26. So your Bibles want to look at it verse 16 to 21. This is about King Uzziah. He was a good king. He was young on the throne. He was doing quite well. But something happened with him. This is where people change especially with heart issues and he got lifted up and he wanted to do priest work. He was king. He was doing quite well as king but he want to play priest. You want ministry. You want to get in a position that God didn't call him for call him to. Verse 16 says, "And when he was strong, his heart was lifted up to his destruction and he transgressed against his God." The Lord is God. Went into the temple of the Lord to burn incense upon the altar of incense. Now listen. Aariah the priests went in after him. And with him four score priests of the Lord, which is 80, and were brilliant men. And they withtood Uziah the king, and said unto him, It appearainth not unto thee, Uzziah, to burn incense unto the Lord, but to the priests and the sons of Aaron. Thou art consecrated to burn in that are consecrated to burn incense. Go out of the sanctuary. So they're telling the king, go out of the sanctuary, for thou has trespassed. Neither shall it be for thine honor from the Lord God. Then Uzziah was wrought. So he already broke boundaries. He's in a place he's not supposed to be. Plus he's getting upset. He's getting angry. So Isaiah Uzziah was wrought and had a sensor in his hand to burn incense. And while he was wrought with the priest, the leprosy even rose up in his forehead before the priest of the house of the Lord and beside the incense altar. And Aariah the chief priest and all the priests looked upon him, and behold, he was lepros in his forehead. and they trust him out from then. He himself hasted also to go out because the Lord had smitten him. And Uzziah the king was a leper onto the day of his death. Little he could not have imagined his life would have taken that turn. Uzzah the king was a leper until the day of his death and dwelt in several house being a leper for he was cut off from the house of the Lord and Jotam his son was over the king's house judging the people of the land. So Uzziah disrespected the boundary that God set between the kingly and the priestly offices struck with leprosy. So respect means staying in the boundaries within one's calling. Oh, praise the Lord. I want to read this one from Mark 6. And this is one in which the people choose to view Jesus a certain way. Jesus is in ministry now. He's pumping. He's moving. He is executing. He is manifesting. And Mark 6 1-6 I'm going to read. And he went off from dense and came into his own country as disciples followed him. And when the Sabbath day was come, he began to teach in the synagogue. And many hearing him were astonished, saying, From whence hath this man these things, and what wisdom is this which is given unto him? And even such mighty works are wrought by his hands. Is not this the carpenter? Okay, so here we go now. He's in ministry. He's bringing the word is astonishing them. He has works to go with it. And they choose to see is not this the carpenter's son, the son of Mary, the brother of James and Joseph, and of Judah and Simon, and are not his sisters here with us? And they were offended at him. And Jesus said unto them, "A prophet is not without honor, but in his own country, and among his own kin, and his own house." And here we go. and he could dear do no mighty work save he laid his hands upon a few sick folk and healed them and he marveled because of their unbelief. This one astonished Jesus. The Bible use the word marveled. So he was surprised, astonished because of their unbelief and he went around the villages teaching. So their disrespect broke a barrier that affected the ministry to be effective to them because they chose to see the carnal side of Jesus or the natural side of Jesus or the human side of Jesus. So therefore disrespect could block the flow of God's power and blessing. And that's why talk about pray for your pastor. If you're about talking to your pastor and talking negative and saying all kind of thing that how is that man supposed to help you? How is that man supposed to be a blessing to you? How is the anointing supposed to flow through that man to you? It can't work that way. So respects is a boundary. Respects authority. Even if it's float, it's not the man, it's the office, the man's home. Okay. Wow. Trust you're having a good time. I trust you're being edified. Joshua 14, from the wilderness of this Lebanon, even to the great river, the river Euphrates, all the land of the Hittites and the and the great sea towards the going down the sun shall be your coast. So he's telling them south, north, east, west. And you know God wanted them to get this land. This was the land to be conquered. This is a land Moses just looked over. He couldn't cross into it. God appointed Joshua. And I was thinking about what we could overcome and take immediate possession of in our lives. One of them is fear. One of them is sinful habits. So we just pick two also. Doubt, unbelief, negative thinking, all of these things. Sinful habits. Romans 6:14. For sin shall have dominion over you. We could have victory over sin. We could have over picture over fear. We could have victory over anxiety. Certain things we could take immediately. We don't have to have fast three days to take them things. We could take it right away. We could say, "You know what? I'm bringing back the prayer altar back in my home. I'm bringing back the time of meditation of God's word. Yes, you're a mother. Yes, you have children. Your children have to do school work and schooling and everything else. But still, you have to make a little time to meditate on the word. You have still have to make time to pray. still has to make time to set your boundary on time. Time itself because if you don't, you would lose time. You would lose focus because the devil have everything so busy busy busy that we can't have that kind of focus. And one of the greatest thing we could do immediately immediate immediately is to exercise forgiveness and drop bitterness. Ephesians 4:32, forgiving one another even as God for Christ's sake has forgiven you. And we always talk about it over and over and over like a recurring decimal. Forgiveness releases you from the person that you have the ought against. If you still hold the ought, they still connected to you. They're bound to you like Spider-Man passing a web. And if you have ought against 10 people, it's 10 webs. You carrying a a whole set of people around with you. You're not even light enough to go in rapture. You can't go in rapture with that. You have to be able to get past that. So forgiveness is something you could immediately apply whether it's to your wife, to your husband, to your boss, to your neighbor, to somebody that abused you, terrorized you, whatever it is, to drop it. Forgive us of our sins as as we forgive those who trespass against that. Forgiveness is a key. Forgiveness could bring healing, but forgiveness could bring restoration. But forgiveness could actually bring reconciliation. So therefore, again, go Joshua, God give Joshua the land. Hotel Milan is yours, but you have to fight to possess it. So Christ already won the victory at the cross and paid the price and redeem us everything else. But here we have to work out our own salvation with fear and trembling. Isn't that something? So we have to fight for our own inheritance. All right. So therefore, personal land, personal victory, personal promised land. We could have victory over sin, victory over peace of mind. We could have victory over fear. We could get joy in the Holy Ghost. And we could get authority over the enemy. You hear about the Reddit speaks a lot about that. And you could trust God to provide for your needs. You could trust God for your wholeness. You could trust God and believe God for wisdom. You know, sometimes you see Christian acts acts foolish. And the Bible say if you lack wisdom, ask God. But I don't know if we supposed to tell people you're acting foolish. How you convey, how you speak that, how you share that, I don't know. Because you don't want to bring offense. But my goodness, you you you would need to ask God for wisdom. Even dealing with your children when they five and under is one level. 10 and under is the next level, 15 is the next level, 20 and is the next level. It's different levels. Is your child? Yes. But it's not the same child that is three years old or four years old. You know that child is becoming an adult being shaped along the way and sometimes we didn't if we don't do the early work after a while it's almost too late but we could be free from condemnation. All right. So we the title I have here is boundaries starve unbelief and feed fate. So boundaries are like walls of a city. It protects you without them. And brother Isaac Da Bible study about broken walls and the the burden was to restore the wall before you could even build because you have enemies. And if you have broken walls, the enemy could keep attacking attacking and you will not get that victory. So first you got to be concerned with what are the walls? What are the walls for? Proverbs 4:23, "Keep thy heart with all diligence, for out of it are the issues of life." Guarding means setting boundaries to protect your faith from unbelief. So unbelief tribes where the boundaries are broken. That's what we find out. God was giving them mana. God is blessing them with shoes, with they closed that get in treadbearer, but they broke those boundaries and the Bible said they could not enter in because of unbelief. So where boundaries fall, unbelief will gain ground. Boundaries are discipline that train us to keep the faith alive. There's a boundary of the word. That's why God tell Joshua, meditate day and night. Meditate is not to pray. He didn't say pray day and night. He said meditate on me day and night. You have to pray day and night. But meditate is thinking on that. Like last night I wake up and I think about boundaries. And this thing riding me. Boundaries. Boundaries. Does God have boundaries? Find out he does. Does he set boundaries? Yes, we do. He does. Do we set boundaries? Sometimes we do. Especially with children. And that's why if you give the children everything they ask for, you're training up and raising up a monster. Later on they will feel life means that whatever I ask for I get. Then later on they feel truly entitled and then they become almost like bullies because they don't know what no is. They don't have discipline. But the Bible speaks about every son that cometh to God must be tried, must be tested. So we have the word and we have a order from God to think on this silah take a pause take a scripture write it in your heart keeping your heart meditate on it as brother but Isaac will say you you're walking slowly sometime you read you read too fast but sometime when you walk slowly you could see some things like how he beautifully we brought out about that man 38 years coming and he say I have no man to put me in the question was where his friends where his family did Did he make any contact? Was he just all lonely Joe? Was he just coming to church and going back home? No relationship, no connection, just a plain just come and do your duty and get out. He had no connections. There's no man to put me in. Why? 38 years he's coming. No support. Church is a supportive environment. Church is a relief. When you come in that do not forsake your assembling, when you get the opportunity to connect with others, shake their hands. Granted there are characters around always have every church have them three kind of believers unbeliever make believer true believer but besides that it's a supportive environment that you could say you know what remember me in prayer you could say what I love you my brother god bless you could forgive you could encourage you could hold up that's what church is about the birds when a bird is wounded the rest of birds fly to protect it they fly in a certain formation to order to protect the bird from the heavy breeze because the wings is wounded you have to recover and when in recovering mode. You can't take too much alix. You have to be protected. Isn't that something? There are boundaries of speech. We have to know when to be silent. We struck that some time ago. Mark the perfect man. He could bridle his tongue. There are people tongue loose. We know our sister used to say, "I know lit from your mouth." Yes, you better get lit for your mouth. Oh, God will shut it up. I know lit from your mouth. That's a wrong statement. That is not a Christian statement. You have to get a lid for your mouth. Your mouth is too loose. Your mouth is getting you in trouble. Look at numbers chapter 14. And the Lord spake unto Moses and Aaron, saying, How long shall I bear with this evil congregation which murmur against me? I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel which they murmur against me. Say unto them, listen to what God tell him. Say unto them, truly as I live, sayeth the Lord, as he have spoken in my ears, so will I do to you. In other words, what you say? I work with that. So if you talking negative, what you expect? If you saying I cannot take it, I cannot possess it. What you expect? When those 10 spies came back, they brought an evil report. That's how God that was just negative him. God interpreted that report as an evil reporting because that report brought an anointing among the camp of Israel that was purely negative. They was in a dark place because the God that brought him out of Egypt who say I'm bringing you to a land of milk and honey. Here it is 10 ministers, 10 pastors, 10 bishops, 10 popes, 10 whatever they are. They came back and brought a report to the people and said we cannot take it because there are giants in the land. Joshua and Caleb have come back late which is by order. There's a reason why God have them to stay back that way. When they came back, Caleb was the shortest person in the camp. He had to put stand up on a box to tell them that is so paradoxical for him to stand up on a box and say we are wellable. We are more than able. Let us go up at once and possess it. And then but he's saying look at shorty what shorty telling us he could fight any giant and and and these guys were saying we are more than able and this is what God want to hear from your mouth that's why the Bible say let the weak say I am strong let the weak say I am strong I say it again let the weak say you have to say it you have to say to believe it let the weak say I am strong you never confess weakness you never confess I can't make it and oh God. The devil beat him up left, right, and center. God said, "Truly as I live, say the Lord. As he have spoken in my ears, so will I do to you. Your carcasses shall fall in this wilderness." Now, understand this. This is the God that brought them out here. There's not another God. He brought me out out there, man. We clear. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, he brought you out. But where are you now? Your carcasses shall fall in this wilderness, and all that were numbered of you, according to your whole number, from 20 years old and upward, which have murmured against me. Doubtless ye shall not come into the land concerning which I swear to make you dwell therein, save Caleb, the son of Jeff, and Joshua, the son of Nun. So therefore you have to you have to disconnect yourself from this unbelieving atmosphere from negative atmosphere from negative people from negative environment from negative churches you have to disconnect completely about the clothes all right look at this brother Isaac struck this Mark 53842 when this rich ruler came to Jesus and spoke about his daughter is sick and somebody said no but the master daughter is dead he came to the house of the ruler this is Jesus of the synagogue and seeing the tomat and them that wept and wailed greatly and when he was come in he said unto them why make this a do in other words why carry on and weep the damsel is not dead but sleepeth so Jesus speaking speaking the word speaking into the atmosphere here speaking into the situation. By the way, not everybody called to speak into your life. Speaking into the situation, he said, "She's not dead. Sleep it." Verse 14. And they laughed him to scorn. And when he put them all out after they laughed, have a laugh. He put them out. He taketh the father, the mother of the damsel, and them that were with him, and enter in where the damsel was lying. And he took the damsel by the hand, and said unto her, Dalita coming, which is to say, being interpreted, damsel, I sent to the rats. And straightway the damsel arose, and walked, for she was of the age of 12 years, and they were astonished with a great astonishment. So Jesus put the doubters out. He put unbelief out. He put the negative atmosphere out. We have to do the same. We have to put things out as brother say dismantle unbelief. We have to break it up. We have to make an effort. We have to take action to get this unbelief completely dismantled. So boundaries, I want you to see boundaries as structures that protects faith, dismantling unbelief as removing the doubts, the disobedience, the lies. Isn't that something? So boundaries starve unbelief and boundaries feed faith because you're walking into the land of what God promised. Oh, praise God. So I'm going to wrap Boundaries define what is allowed and what is not. God has set boundaries for himself and his creation. God maintains order in our personal lives. Boundaries protect our fate and the boundaries is what helps dismantle unbelief. Boundaries are like spiritual walls to protect us. Boundaries help to keep faith intact and unbelief out. They are not restrictions to harm us but protections to preserve what God has given us. And I'm closing with this. Jesus used truth to defend the devil. He wasn't in opinion. He was quoting the word. You cannot quote what you don't know. You cannot speak what you don't know. The first word man shall live by bread alone, but by every word that proceed out of the mouth of God was the word. He keep feeding the devil the word. In Gyrus house, he actually sent out and kicked out and booted out the contrary atmosphere. In Gethsemane, he submitted himself to the father's will even though he had a choice. If it is possible, let this cup pass. But I surrender to the boundary of your will. Never rest but my will but thy will be done. So boundaries are not to confine us but to secure what God has given us. We have to respect boundaries. Question is boundaries a friend or an enemy? Boundaries protect not punish. A fence in a garden doesn't keep the plants in prison. It is to protect them from the animals that would destroy them. So God boundaries protect our lives from sin and destruction. I want you to see tonight boundaries as a shield, not a shakle. True freedom is not the absence of limits. It's the presence of order. So the traffic lights on the road is not to keep us back. Why the red stain so red and you want green right through you'll get in an accident. You will get killed. There's a reason why there's a red, there's a orange, and there's a green. There's a reason why they have these things is to set boundaries. When you have to stop, the other cars have to go. And the boundaries that we have as Christians, I want to put you a word that you're familiar with. It is holy decency. When the church finds his brotherly love, when the church finds his holy say, "So I love you, brother, and you're my brother. I have brotherly love and I come straight inside your house. Go straight inside your fridge and take out what I didn't put inside of there." That's not brother love. That is foolishness. That is disrespect. That is not holy decency. Brotherly kindness doesn't mean that you become disrespectful because I love you and we love one another. No, God put brotherly kindness there. He put holy decency and he put place in Christ. Let us bow our heads tonight. Heavenly Father, I thank you tonight. I love you and I thank you for your word, for your truth. I was astonished to see this thing on boundaries and Lord you know we have spoken on discipline character and character formation and the trial of our faith on different topics and so on but this was a little different tonight and I pray it strike the hearts of your children in a special way tonight and boundaries is not to imprison us but to free us. It is the freedom of order. It's the freedom to be in charge of our lives in the correct way. Israel came out but is Egypt was still inside of them. That's why when the when the pressure came, they say, "Why did you bring us out to die in the wilderness? But the wilderness was not the promised land. The journey is not the promised land. Father, the promised land is the promised land. And the promised land for the day is the Holy Ghost. Oh God, would you pour it out at night? Pour it upon your sons and daughters. Pour upon the Calebs, the elderly, Lord, upon the young people, upon those who would hear this uh sharing of this Bible word tonight. May it edify them and strengthen them. And may they take every rebuke differently because you said, "As many as I love and I rebuke and chasen as many as you love." The issue here is not our love, it's your love. And your love is elective love, not parental love. Your love is elective love. You could elect us to go through trials. Elect us to go through fiery furnace. Elect us to go through lion's den. Whatever is elective love. And because he elect us, we could rejoice because our name is written. Not because devils are subject to us, but because our names are written. Father, bless bless the church. Bless the service this coming Sunday. May you anoint with a double portion of your spirit your servant as you come to minister your word. May your pour the richest blessing upon him in a special way. And may we have a glorious time under the supernatural uncction of the Holy Ghost. May the pillar of fire drop down. May the cloud be there. The fire of God be there. May the anointing be there. Heal every sick Lord in our midst. And Father, cast out devils. May there be signs and wonders and miracles. And may each one that chose to be here tonight, may they leave here strengthening man. May they leave here edified. May they leave here built up in the name of Jesus. I ask it. I commit their lives into their hands in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. God bless you and thanks again for being here. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. God be with you in a special way. Uh we tonight. God be with you.
