################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-01 - My Leader And My Guide - Bro. Gideon Ovid - Gideon Ovid - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-01
Title:   My Leader And My Guide - Bro. Gideon Ovid
Speaker: Gideon Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uz5YuIO_524
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Oh, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] down. [Music] May we stand this evening special way. And yes, I'll praise you. I'll lift you up and I'll magnify your name. That's why my heart is filled with praise. Can every hand raise? Let's just say, "Oh, I love you. I love you. I love you, Lord, today because you cared for me in such a special way. And yes, I'll praise you. I'll lift you up and I'll magnify your name. That's why my heart is filled with praise. Oh, sing my heart. My mind, my soul belongs to you. You paid a price for me way back on Calary. And yes, I praise you. I lift you up and I'll magnify your name. That's why my heart is filled with praise. Just one more time. More singing. I love you. I love you. I love you, Lord. today because you cared for me in such a special way. And yes, I'll praise you. I'll lift you up and I'll magnify your name. That's why my heart is filled with praise. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, lamb of God. Thank you, Father. We're glad to be here this evening. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Amen. If you have your Bibles, I'd like you to quickly turn with me to book to the book of Psalms. Let's reading chapter 108. Just a couple verses there. Psalms [Music] 108. And it says, "Oh God, my heart is fixed. I will sing and give praise even with my glory. Awake sulttery and harp. I myself will awake early. I will praise thee, oh Lord, among the people, and I will sing praises unto thee among the nations. For thy mercy is great above the heavens, and thy truth reacheth unto the clouds. Be thou exalted, oh God, above the heavens, and thy glory above all the earth. May the Lord add a blessing to the reading of his word. And we bow our heads a word of prayer. Oh heavenly father, this evening we deem it such a privilege to gather together in your name Lord to gather together in your house in your presence Lord. Lord where there's fullness of joy Lord Lord where we could have freedom and liberty to praise and worship you Lord and exalt your holy name Lord. Father we pray tonight that you would pour out a blessing upon us Lord. Lord, that you will raise us up, that you'll quicken our hearts, Lord, that you'll inspire us, Lord. Lord, that you would take full control over this entire service, Lord. Every song that is sung and every word that is spoken, Lord. Lord, we thank you for the musicians, the singers, the worshippers, Lord, everyone gathered here tonight, Lord. I pray that you have your perfect will. Have your preeminence, Lord. Lord, be with those that were unable to make it in person, Lord. Lord, those connected on the internet, those that may see it afterwards, those with special needs tonight, those that may have a special burden, Lord, a special desire on their heart, Lord. Lord, I pray that you reach and you touch them and and would do a special work among them tonight in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Blessed be his holy name. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Let's sing that song. My soul says yes. If I get some more more volume on the microphone. My soul says yes. Says yes. Oh yes. My Lord, my soul says yes. Oh yes. Yes. My soul says yes. Says yes. Yes. My Lord. My soul says yes. Yes. Yes. [Music] My soul says yes. Says yes. Says yes. Oh, my soul says yes. In the morning, in the noon time. Yes. My Lord, my soul says yes. Says yes. Yes. Oh, my soul says yes. Yet says, yet says yes. My Lord, my soul says yes. Says yes. Yes. Oh, my soul said yes. Says yes. My soul says yes. Says yes. Says yes. My soul says yes. Yes. Yes. My soul says yes. Yet says yet says yes. My Lord, my soul says yes. Yes. Yes. Oh, come and go with me to my father's house. Oh, to my father's house. to my father's house. Come and go with me to my father's house where there's peace. Peace. Peace. Oh, King Jesus will be there in my father's house. In my father's house. In my father's house. King Jesus will be there. In my father's house where there's bees be sing and come and go with me to my father's house. To my father's house. To my father's house. Oh come and go with me to my father's house where there's peace. Peace. Peace. One more time. My soul says yes. Says yes. Says yes. My Lord. My soul says yes. Says yes. Yes. Just got to sing it again. My soul says yes. It says yet says yes. My Lord. My soul says yes. Yes. Yes. [Music] Thank you lamb of God. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. You love him tonight. Amen. We're in for our time. I've come under expectation for the miraculous to take place. Amen. Do you feel that way? Let's sing that song. Thank you Lord for saving my soul. Thank you Lord. Every hand raise for saving my soul. Thank you Lord for making me whole. [Music] Thank you Lord for giving to me thy great salvation so rich and free. Everybody sing singing. Thank you Lord for saving my soul. Thank you Lord for making me whole. Thank you Lord for giving to me. Send thy great salvation so rich and free. Singing thank you Lord for saving my soul. We'll just think about the words tonight. Thank you, Lord, for making me whole. Thank you Lord for giving to me thy great salation so rich and free. I want to live the way Jesus wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. See, I could never never out love the Lord. Let's just sing it one more time. I want to live the way Jesus wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. I could never truly out love the Lord. Just worship him in your own way right now as the music [Applause] plays. Bless you, Jesus. Lord, we love you tonight, Lord. Lord, we praise you tonight, Lord. We lift you up tonight. We exalt you. We boast in your ability tonight. We're nothing without you, Lord Jesus. We're so thankful and grateful for your loving kindness and your tender mercies that you've shown towards us. for bringing us today, for keeping us [Music] alive. So give I want no love, love till there's just no more love. I can never really out love the Lord. Let's just sing it one more time. Oh, I want to live the way Jesus wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. I can never never out love the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you lamb of God. Amen. At this time, I want to switch over to the good portion of the service. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Isn't he wonderful. My my my what a awesome God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. What a a powerful God we serve. There's nobody that could compare to him. Amen. Let's just bow our heads as we would have a word of prayer. Oh, heavenly father, Lord, we we so thankful. We so grateful, Lord. We don't want to for a second underestimate and undervalue this opportunity that we have, Lord. Lord, we want to hold on to it like it's our last. Lord, we want it to be meaningful, Lord. Lord, we didn't come here just to see each other or to waste time, Lord. Lord, we came to cause something to happen and to to be a part of something that's taking place, present tense, Lord. Lord, we know you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. And we also know you left some promises for your bride in the end time, Lord, that we want to pick up in this hour, Lord. Lord, I pray that you will anoint me, that you would speak lip to air to your people, that you'll take me out of the way, Lord. Lord, I may not be much of a preacher, but I believe I have a message for your people tonight. And I pray that it'll find good ground in their hearts, Lord. Lord, we pray that our minds would be open, our our understanding would be open, that our that our hearts would be blessed, that by the time we leave this place, Lord, we should be energized and inspired and and uplifted and restored and and lives will be changed. that no one would have left this place the same way they came, Lord. Lord, we know that you're powerful and you're awesome and your your word is vindicated and your you sent a prophets in this end time to bring a special message for us, Lord. Lord, and at this time, Lord, we thank you for the songs, the music, the singing, Lord, in the atmosphere that we feel, Lord. And we believe that your Holy Spirit could drop down even now once more among your people, Lord, that you could revive us again, Lord. Once more, we've come under expectation to hear from you. Not just to hear fables and and and words and stories, Lord, but to hear what you have in store for us tonight, Lord. Lord, I pray that you will be with us as we fellowship around your word. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. You may have your seats. He's so wonderful. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, brother Steven. Let's go straight to the word tonight. And from a message Jehovah Gyra, um, brother Brandham shared, you could have your seats. A little echo on the platform in the message Jehovah Gyra 61 paragraph 18. He says how he could tell a pig that he was wrong by eating slop. That's the nature of the pig. That's what a pig does. That's what he's accustomed doing. He says, "See, he's a pig to begin with. That's his nature. That's what you was a sinner." That's describing you. You know, he can't blame you for being you. That's your nature. Your nature is a sinner. Amen. But he said alienated, cut off from God. You How could you tell a leopard his spots wasn't right? That's what a leopard is. That's what a leopard does. A leopard has spots. See, how could he lick them and try to wash them off? The leopard can't try to be a lion. The leopard can't try to be a zebra. A leopard is a leopard. Amen. You say, "How could he wash them off?" He just makes them brighter. That's the way you try to do to take religion to polish yourself up to make a better creature a creature out of you. You got to realize that you are dead. You're no good at all. You see, if we could just accept that service over, you're no good. You can't do anything without God. You can't achieve anything. You can't go anywhere. You can't achieve a goal or some objective without his guidance, without his support, without his backing. Amen. He say you're no good at all. You're filthy. And God's the only one can help you. That's right. When you do that, then you're getting close to the kingdom of God when you reckon yourself nothing. So when you forget about being pretentious and who who people say you are and who you think you are and you leave that alone, he said, "Listen, when you reckon yourself nothing and just solemnly depend on him and let the Holy Spirit lead you, is that what you want tonight?" That I think the church has been preached to death. The thing it needs now is to come back to teaching and getting on the foundation so you'll know how to build yourself up in Christ. And we've built our churches upon sensations and upon different things, but can't build nothing but Christ. It must be built upon the revelation of Jesus Christ. Amen. That's the only thing that we could do. In him, you are complete. And with it, without him, you're lost. There's not a way in the world for you to be saved. So that in short reiterated or highlighted or underscored the point that without him, we're nothing. Without him, we could achieve nothing. Without him, we go nowhere. Without him, you're lost. Without him, there's nothing you could do. You're no good. You're filthy because that's your nature without him. But tonight, we want to speak about my leader and my guide. The leader I have and the guide I have, the leader you should have and the guide you should have is the Holy Spirit. Is the word. is Jesus Christ himself taking you. Not you carrying yourself, but he's showing you where to go. He pulling you where he wants you to go. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Blessed be his name. So for a title, my leader and my guide. Amen. And for for an inspiration, I'm lost without you. Amen. That's the reality. No matter what, without the right leader and the right guide, you're lost. You'll be miserable. You will just be spinning top in mud like the pig. You're just wallowing in mud, achieving nothing, doing nothing. Time just passing, and you're not growing, you're not maturing, you're not building, you're not adding. So your faith just stay just stay at the lowest level it could be when God wants you to add every virtue line upon line precept upon precept and that can't happen if you don't have the right guide the right leadership the right guide is important and you'll hear me use those two words almost interchangeably but it doesn't mean the same thing. Yeah. Before I go ahead, let's just stand and and read the scriptures. If you have your Bibles and you could turn with me to the book of John, St. John 16, just one verse there, verse 13. And you could probably find Romans 8:14 as well. Book of John chapter 16 and verse 13. Amen. And it says, "How be it, when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth, for he shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak, and he will show you things to come." And in the book of Romans chapter 8 in verse 14, very familiar scripture and it says, "For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God." May the Lord add a blessing to the reading of his word. Amen. You may have your seats again. Now many times we would hear and we would observe and we would see that people in general they want to lead. They like to lead. People like to be in charge. They like to show that they are in control. They like to show that they could get it done right. And often times we expect that of leadership. But who is willing to be led? Amen. Often times we find people have a unwillingness to be led. On the other hand, you have to have a guide when you don't know where where you're going. Anytime there's uncertainty in your destination, you need a guide. You need somebody to show you where you have to go. Guidance requires experience. I cannot guide you if I don't know. I cannot guide if I haven't been there. I cannot guide if I haven't done that. But to differentiate between the two, you'll hear me use leading and guiding because I said my leader and my guide. There's a fundamental difference between the two that I want to identify and we'll see it in scripture as well and in the message. To differentiate them, I'll talk about leading first. Leading involves going ahead and directing from the front. I can't lead you from the back. To lead, I have to take some risk. I have to sacrifice myself almost to lead. It involves sacrifice. It involves trust. It involves confidence because you have to trust and have confidence in leadership in order to follow them. If you have doubt, you're going nowhere. And the leaders can't lead. Amen. Guidance on the other hand is a little different. I will deal with that one in a second. But in a message the prophet preached called leadership. He said now somebody helped you when you made your first step when you were born. He said and your last step you will ever make someone will be leading you. See that's right. I want you to reme remember that it's not you. Somebody started it and somebody will finish it. Amen. Somebody led you. your first step and your last step. Somebody will be leading you. We have to be led. You know, God likened us unto sheep. And did you know sheep cannot lead itself? He'll wander away and stray lost as ever cuz it can't lead itself. So somebody have to lead it. And sometimes the shepherd is supposed to lead the sheep. Now that was back in the days of Jesus. He was the good shepherd that led the sheep. But today, you see, we're living in another day. Everything is changed and perverted. You know what man has leading the sheep now? Goats. You know where the goat leads them? To the slaughter. Right. Straight to the slaughter. Them little sheep don't know where they're going. So the goat goes up a pen up the slaughter. And the sheep don't know more than follow the leader. So it leads them right up to the slaughter and then the goat jumps over the track. The sheep goes in and gets killed. See goat wrong leader. But Jesus the good shepherd who led the sheep. He led them to life and held their hand. See, but somebody has to lead the sheep. So leadership is important. You have to know who is your leader. who is leading you. We are led by the Holy Spirit. We are led by the word of God. That's your leader. If it's outside of that good behavior, slaughter, you're nothing. You're finished. You're lost. Leader or not, guidance on the other hand, and I said there's a fundamental difference, is showing the way. So I don't need to be in front to guide you. I have to show you the right way, the right path, the right approach. Remember, you cannot show when you don't know. So if you are a guide, you have to know the way in advance. To tell somebody, to warn somebody, to direct them of the correct way to go. Amen. So the prophet preached a message a guide as well. And he said, "Now a guide has to know the way. He has to know where he's going and what he's doing and how to take care of you along the road. See, he's got to see that you don't come up lost. God don't want you lost to know. He want you under his wings. He want to see where you're going. He want to monitor you because he is proud of you and he wants to be proud of you. So he wants you to follow his leading and his direction, his guidance and his leadership. So a guide is a selected man. He said brother Abraham said the state selects this man if he is a guide. And now in going on a trip into the wilderness where perhaps you're not used to going, it's not a good thing for you to go without one. Remember earlier I said when you don't know, you need a guide. When you're not sure where you're going, you need a guide. You need guidance. Amen. It's not a good thing to go without one. Frankly, some places you can't even go without one. For instance, Canada, the guide has to sign your license to the game warden. He has to sign himself in that he is responsible for you. If anything happens to you, it's his responsibility. He's got to take care of you. He's got to see that you're not lost. He's got to be sure that he don't send you in somewhere that you don't know your way back. And if you do get lost, he's got to know the country so well that he could pick you up. Just anytime, he's got to know all these things or he cannot be a guide. He cannot be licensed to be a guide. Amen. So, we have a good idea. We have a good picture of leadership versus guidance. And on this Christian journey, we need both. We need leaders. We need guidance. We need listen, we need leadership. We need a guide who knows the way, who went before, who could say, "Listen, let us go up at once because it's a good land. We've been there before. This is what was promised." And it's the same thing that promised so we could fight for every inch and we could achieve it and we could get there. Amen. Amen. Listen, when David was in trouble here, here what he said. I said earlier, leadership requires trust. Cuz if you don't trust, you go nowhere. You're still lost. No matter how bright the leader is, how charismatic the leader is, if you don't trust the leader, you go nowhere. So David in Psalms 31, the first three verses, here what he says. He said, "In thee, oh Lord, do I put my trust. Let me never be ashamed. Deliver me in thy righteousness. Bow down thine heir to me. Deliver me speedily. Be thou my strong rock for an house of defense to save me. For thou art my rock and my fortress. Therefore, for thy name's sake, lead me, guide me, and I be king. People may look up to me, but I can't do it alone. I can't do it by myself. I can't do because I think and I feel and I find this look like this look like the right way. So, I go in. No, I want you. I believe that you know the way. You know the perfect way. You know a more excellent way. You know where you want me to be. You know where you want me to go. So, I'm willing to put my trust in you. I put my confidence in you. I put my hope in you. And listen, I know you're a strong tower. You're a rock. You're a shelter. You could talk about the God I serve. Powerful, you know. Listen. So, King David could look and say, "Listen, I want you to lead me and guide me so I could have the direction that you want me to go so I could in turn lead his people." Amen. So, it's not by chance. It's not by chance. Now leading also requires examples. Sometimes to lead you have to say put your foot here, walk here. So sometimes they have to show. So they have to say listen stand up and lift your hands. Worship operate a particular way. When you're feeling down you say let the weak say I am strong. So they give you an example of what you have to do before it even happens. When Jesus told the disciples to go out on a boat, he said, "Listen, you all go out. I will just send the folks away here and I will meet you all." They went out and the Bible say the winds were contrary boat rocking all over, right? But you know what? All of a sudden, Jesus came walking on the water. Amen. That was the example. Because he was doing it, he could lead others to walk on water. So in Matthew 14 from verse 26, here's what happened. And we know the story. He said, "And when the disciples saw him walking on the sea, they were troubled, saying, it is a spirit." And they cried out for fear. Now, this was the example, but they didn't see that before. But straight away Jesus spake unto them, saying, "Be of good cheer. It is I. Be not afraid. I lead in here. I in charge here." And Peter answered and said, "Lord, if that be you, if listen, if it be thou, I could see the example, I could see the leadership. bid me come unto thee on the water. And Jesus said, "Come." That's leadership in action. Come. I give you the example already. I show you what to do. Just come. Just have faith. Believe. He didn't have to preach at that point, you know. He just said, "Come." He didn't have to read two books and listen to a tape before and say, "Listen, I'm just singing a song. You know, if I could cross the bridge." No, he didn't sing that. He was obedient to leadership at that point based on the example he saw. And you know what? He stepped out. And they said when Peter was come down out of the ship, he walked on the water to go to Jesus. That's the power of leadership. That is why we need leadership and guidance. That's the power of it. In verse 30, he said, "But when he saw the winds boisterous, he was afraid and beginning to sink, he cried, Lord, save me." Remember we read earlier, you see when you're a good guide, your your your your the persons you're responsible for could get lost to know, but you know the terrain, you could pluck them out. You could save them. You could ensure that they could only go this far, but no more. Yeah. Because of guidance. Now, brother Brandham one time, and I know this is a familiar story, he he told us one time about a sister that that used to teach Sunday school. Yeah. In a message, thirst. And the the short version of the story is that, you know, she was a a a loyal person, a Christian, but along the way, she kind of went astray. She kind of end up in the popularity zone. She found this Christianity too simple. You know, you all have too much rules and you all too formal and sty. You all operate a particular way. But she went another church and she said, "Listen, my pastor, he is the pastor. He's the man. He liberal too bad." You know, everything is everything. Nothing is nothing. He he realist. He is a likable guy. I know. Easy. If you hear how he does talk and he was dressed nice, nice testimonies about him. But you know what? Life rolled on and speaks to leadership. Life rolled on and time was added to her life. And the sisters that she may have fellowship with before that she find was simplistic and oh gosh, you're legalistic. You don't want to wear a little short skirt self. You don't want to go a little party. So, oh gosh, it's Christmas. Is is New Year's a little thing? After all that, time was placed on her and she got this disease and she was on her deathbed, I believe. And the Sunday school children she used to teach in the past her heard about it and came to visit her, you know, to pay final rights because they realized miss really sick on the way out. And at that point I want to pick up the story in the message thirst paragraph 228 he said and all at once when she faced the reality this wasn't the stories anymore it wasn't the easygoing anymore this was the reality of life the reality of the position she was in you say now she was a loyal church member so wait now she might have been coming on a Sunday or Wednesday prayer meeting, prayer and fast, communion service, you name it, she did loyal or know for years and know you can't put a a X by attendance. Loyal. They say she was a Sunday school teacher. So it mean she used to serve too. She used to she used to volunteer. She used to teach the younger ones. Loyal church member of a big fine denominational church. But when she started to struggle and death struck her, her eyes bulge out and she said, you know what she said? I'm lost. She said, "I'm lost. Go get the pastor." The same fine one. The same one who had all the fancy words. The same fine one who I liked and I used to testify about. They say he put his cigarette out and walked in. Here, here, here, we'll get the doctor give you a hypo. said, "I don't want no hypo." Said, "You deceiver of a man. I'm died and I'm going to hell and I'm lost because you failed to tell me the truth." Talking about leadership. Leadership tells you the truth. Leadership could tell you, "Hey, you're on the wrong road." Amen. The direction you're going will lead to destruction. Leadership could do that to you. could do that for you because they love you. Because they want to see you successful and prosper. Amen. You say, "Listen, go get that little good Hughes girl." That's the same simple one. And bring her here to me real quick. She is right. Wait till you face the reality once. Don't you try to stop that holy hush. Don't you blast it away with some modern educational doublebarrel shotgun. You listen to that warning of the Holy Spirit tonight that's warning you. I am the way, the truth, and the life. No man cometh under the father but by me. He is the word. That's leadership. Amen. Now it's so interesting when we talk leadership often times you hear positive things. You hear charisma. You'll hear bold. In modern times you'll hear transformational. all sorts of leadership. But you know there are people who choose to be led by the wrong things. There are people who choose to follow the wrong influences by choice. So it's not the simplest thing you know it's not oh god I have a good leader. No no no there are people who choose wrong leadership poor leadership because of choice. Not because you're misguided and somebody led you astray, you know, but because you want to you want those leaders, you choose them. An example of that is in a message I referenced some time ago, a court trial where Brandham was talking about the maniac man. And at the end of the story when they asked, "Is he going to be all right?" You know what brother Brandham said? He said, "Listen, he's not going to be all right." You know why? because he worships that spirit. He worships the evil spirit essentially. He wants that to be part of his life. He wants to be connected to that. He wants to be that way. And until he could disconnect himself from the leadership of that spirit, he will remain the same. Amen. So at the end of the day, we have signs, we have warnings, we have directions, but we have to be able to discern and differentiate between good leadership, bad leadership. Because if we attach ourselves, the end would be like the sister we read about. After all, you give your body to be burnt. You contribute. You're loyal. You're in attendance. You're there. You're worshiping. And then at the end of the day, when reality strikes, I'm lost. I'm lost. I'm nothing. Because you realize you really didn't follow the right leadership. You didn't really follow the right guidance. Amen. in that story and I think I'll read a piece of it where Abraham said Tommy Osborne he was up there that night when the maniac run to the platform in Portland Oregon to kill me and he said you deceiver said you he called me everything great big man about 50 preachers on the platform fled from him and we know the story he was an insane out of the institution huge, big arms, stood six nearly 7 feet tall, great big arms. I weighed about 128 lbs. He ran out on the platform and said, "Tonight, I'm going to knock you plum out the middle of this place." I know better than to say anything to him. This is leadership in action. Everybody scattered back and I just stood still. Don't try to inject your own thoughts. If you do, you're going to be lost. I just stood still and I heard myself say this that the Holy Spirit saying it through my lips. Remember, God only works through man. He chose man. He could have had the gospel preached through the stars or the trees or the wind. But he chose man. He chose you for this hour. You know, it wasn't by chance or accident. No. He wanted to give the devil a knockout punch and he said listen he go and pick up the rocks to do that. He want you he want living vessels tonight to be able to flow through and operate through and in this case he said listen he say he could have had the gospel go through anything but he chose man. That's what he's ever done. Revealing his secrets and his fornowledge and stuff to his servants and the prophets. And he said, "Now the fellow was standing just a few feet from me and he had threatened what he was going to do. He looked like Goliath." I could just imagine the image like David and Goliath. Big burly guy threatening the prophet on stage. Everybody else running away to a great showdown. And at this point he say there the Holy Spirit said because you have challenged the word of God tonight you'll fall over my feet. It remind you of Peter. Yeah. He may have expressed words to a man on a platform, but the prophet said, "Because you have challenged the word of God, you will fall over my feet." When Ananas and Safh decided to follow their own thing and lie to Peter, he said, "Listen, this is not about me anymore. You know the real boss is the leader. The real boss bigger than me. I might like you. I might put you in a word for you, but his word don't change. His judgment is sure. It don't fail. So in this case, the prophet said, "Listen, you really challenge the word of God tonight, you will fall over my feet." Amen. Well, now you can imagine a man in the kind of rage would think about a man weighing about 128 lb to nearly 300 lb of like a mountain standing before you. What he thought he said, I'll show you whose feet I'll fall over. Sound just like Goliath. He said, I'll show you whose feet I'll fall over. And he jerked back his big fist. I never moved. Just stood there. That's what leadership does. The Holy Spirit was just still just stood right there. He said the Holy Spirit spoke through him and just stood right there. He walked up to me, draw back like this to hit me. And I heard myself, nothing that I had to say at all said, "Satan, come out of the man no louder than that." He didn't shout. He didn't scream. He didn't write it on a billboard. He didn't tell them project it on the wall. He said it softly. He said it just so it would be said and recorded that it would be said. He said no louder than that. And when he drew his fist back, his hands went up. His eyes pushed way out and went around and around. His tongue went out and slubbers fell from his mouth. He turned around and around and fell down and pinned my feet to the floor. And then here came the policemen out. And they were looking for him. Remember, he was from an institution. So the police was looking for him. I had led those two police to Christ. So they probably thought they came to deliver this man from the streets not knowing God sent them to receive deliverance. Hallelujah. Talk about the God I serve. You say, I had led those two police to Christ back there in the dressing room in this big auditorium. And so I think we had 60 some odd hundred on the inside and putting air twice on the outside. It poured down rain them standing up and down the streets with umbrellas and he held me on the floor and he said this is when they say is he dead? I said no sir. Well said. Is he healed? Cuz at this point they're not too sure cuz he he put down already. I said no sir. He worships that spirit. The leadership we're talking about. He wants to be led by that, you know. He wants to be guided by that, you know. He wants that to push him, right? He say worship that spirit and no way of helping him at all until he gets that out of his head. So once that spirit is in his head, he worships that. No help for him. He's lost. He's nothing. There's no no point in trying to work it up. He needs to get rid of that first. Amen. Don't want to keep you too long, but at the end of the day, I did say there's a fundamental difference between leadership and guidance. And it's important that you allow the Holy Spirit to lead you. It's important that you allow the word to lead your life in your day-to-day activities. Ask him to guide you. Ask him to lead you. Amen. He's been there before. His angels could go in front and clear a path for you. I don't know about you, but I know, listen, you see the God I serve, he could make a way out of nowhere. When you can't see it, that is when he makes it. When you think, listen, it's highly unlikely. It's improbable. It's impossible. I don't see it. That's when he will make a way. I just want to give you a couple more examples and we'll close. But in a message the queen of Sheba and I'll try to paraphrase as we go along went to Solomon to find out if this is truth. You remember I said leadership must speak truth. You know leadership gives examples and the examples are to be followed. In paragraph 39, it said, "But if God has called your heart, there isn't enough in the world to keep you away from Christ." I could remember the the stories of old back in the I think in the 80s around the 80s into the 90s when people used to have to run away from home to go to church. I was very very young at the time, but I heard these stories who jumping through the window who hiding in an effort to go to church. Now you have to drag them to go to church. Now you have to drag them out the house to go. But there was a time when this gospel was so near and dear when the books and tapes are so hard to come by that some persons used to borrow them without returning. I don't want to say steal but they used to borrow them with the intention of returning and perhaps never returning them. Yeah. because it was so near and there but it just shows you see God will make a way to ensure that you could hear what you need to hear. So listen, you may not realize it but sometimes he shift things a particular way just for you to be in a position to hear and see and believe and do. Hallelujah. So sometimes it sound cliche that we say we're not here by chance or you're not listening by chance or you're not logged on by chance. But listen, sometimes God shut everything else down. Just for you, you know. Just for you, just for you to hear the word that you need to hear because God into individuals, not into groups. So in this case, he said, "Listen, there isn't enough in the world to keep you away from Christ." Amen. So you had to hear the word tonight. You had to come to him tonight. He said all the threats that you'll be excommunicated from your church, all the threats that they lay you off at work, there's nothing that will separate us or stop us from reaching our goal. When we really in our hearts get right and our objective is right and we're going for the sincere part as to find out if God has did this. If Jesus is raised from the dead, let's support it. Amen. If he's the same yesterday, today, and forever, let's stay by it. Let's do everything that we can to make the people see the kingdom of God. Listen, in Psalms 1, it say, "Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly, not standeth in the way of sinners." They identifying it here. Let's not be a stumbling block. Let's not be a hindrance to people coming into the kingdom of God. Listen, God say he wouldn't lose one and know. But you know what? He need you. He need your attitude to be right. He need you to reflect him. He need you to be led by him to represent him. So he could say there is my spirit flowing freely. That's my son. We read the scripture to as many as are led by the spirits of God, they are the sons of God. So your sons and daughter do daughters of God. Good for you. But he had to lead you too. It's not sons doing your own thing. It's not daughters doing your own thing. He have to lead you. So he say let's do everything we could do to get them in the kingdom. Listen talking about Sheba here. He say she had to cross the desert. So a way she took. Now if you are determined and it's for the right thing, God will make a way. After a while, we see the camels across the desert. Poor little woman setting up there. The desert winds blowing, her lips patching, but her eyes were set towards God. Though camels are stumbling along the road with a little bey army of a god she had, the great desert full of Ishelites could have taken them in a moment. But her heart was set. If there is a Jehovah God and he's making himself known, I want to be his servant. There it is. Don't you worry. There was 10,000 times 10,000 of angels marching with that band as it went on. There wasn't a terror by night or arrow by day that could touch her. That's the way you are this morning. Tonight, listen, when you go to work, you feel it's you alone. The it might look like they're paying you alone, but listen, the amount of guards, the amount of angels, the amount of ambushments that surround you, why you feel you get fired yet? Why you feel you shift department and the next one you was in closed down? Because he will preserve you. He listen, he will monitor your going out and you're coming in to ensure that you are here tonight. He need to preserve you for the end time to give the devil that knockout punch. It's not your time to die just yet. You might feel weak and frail and feeble and old, but listen, it still have more that he want from you. It still have more that he will get from you. But you need to follow his leading. He will make a way once your desires are correct. He say listen don't you worry the listen terror by night. The arobite could never touch her. She was bound to find Jehovah. She was seeking for him with a true heart. So he will do you. If you'll just see the simplicity of it. How simple is that? Seek him with a true heart. No, listen. Nothing fancy, you know. Just seek him with a true heart. Just be honest and sincere and you will find him. These are the examples here. They say God doesn't shine out in some kind of great glamour. He never does. His great hour is to come for that when he reveals himself from glory. But today, he works in humility to do things like he always done. And here she goes. And the winds blow and the deserts are hot. But she's pressing on towards the mark of the high calling. She's going to arrive because God will see that she arrives. Here she goes, a little woman with all the bunch of men and the maids around her. And out through the desert they went. There was no shady places to sit down and rest and at ease and Zion because I have a desire to go. No, you pressing to go. She just stayed under a little canopy canopy of a thing over the top of her. And as the old camel beat back and forth across the desert and the little woman setting of lions and things in the the desert, but she moved on. She was letting nothing stand in your way. So what will stop you tonight? Listen, they create a new highway. You think that is to ease up traffic to come to Grande? That's for you to reach a church faster. You have less to worry about. Hallelujah. Listen, he want you comfortable, you know. He want when you come, listen, you're on time, you could pray up the service. You could be charged and energized. So worship him with everything you got. So he give you alternative roots now. You could pick and choose. There's no reason to be late. If an accident happen here, if something happen on your right side, go on the left or vice versa. That's for you. How you look at it, that's your perception. Amen. So listen, she was letting nothing stand in her way. All the bishops and doctors and archbishops in the world couldn't have stopped her. She was determined to find out whether it was right or wrong. No wonder she'll stand in the judgment with this generation. She was determined to find out whether it was right or not. And on she goes and finally leading by the of course listen led by the spirit she come. You said what? Led by the spirit Sheba hear what you say. Absolutely. Every person that makes a start towards God is led by the spirit. Absolutely. She was. And the great angels guided her right into the gate of Jerusalem. And when she goes up in the temple now, she didn't go up and just set a few minutes to find out. So she didn't just come come to church to go back home. She wanted to to see. She wanted to hear. She wanted to know. She went to stay till she was convinced. Amen. She wanted to stay until something changed. Until something happened, until it became a reality to her. That's why she came. That is why she passed all the lions and the heat and the desert because she wanted the reality of what was taking place. Amen. That's the way to do it. Just stay until you're convinced. She unloaded the camels and pitcher tents and so forth and she held her treasures back. She didn't get too excited just yet. and so forth till she would sat in a meeting for a while to find out if it was really the truth she had heard. Sure, she had faith to believe it was right, but then she wanted to see whether it was right or not. So as she went up in a meeting the next morning where Solomon sat, they brought to him the things she began to watch Solomon and know that he was just an ordinary man and she's seen the great discernment of the spirit of God working through the man. So she's seeing a normal man but she know that's not a normal man because the leader he has operating through him guiding him allowing him to discern what's have to take place and what is is is is being shown to him she know that wasn't normal she know that that wasn't just man that was God and man being manifested in front her eyes so so listen they say when she saw the zman she watch it meeting after meeting she camped and watched And finally, when she was thoroughly convinced, she goes and gets all her treasures, everything she had, and she lay them at the feet of Solomon. And she said, "All that I heard those saints testify about is true. And more than I heard them say is true." Now, what a testimony to know that she traveled far. She She wasn't next door, you know, she wasn't 2 minutes away, you know. She journey long. She journey hard. She came with guards. She came with treasures only because she curious. She want to know if this thing the preaching in grande is real. She want to know if this thing the prophet prophesy and taken of the scene if it's still real. If Jesus is really the same yesterday, today and forever. They want to know. But when they come and they see that it's more than real, that this is more than man. That this is not just individuals gathering together. But they're saying, "Listen, where the carcass is, eagles will gather together. It doesn't matter what the opposition looks like. It doesn't matter what the hindrances look like. It doesn't matter what the challenges look like." They say she was willing to do whatever it took. She was willing to do anything to ensure that she could test it out and see if that's the reality of the testimony she heard. Amen. Hallelujah. Quickly as we wind down talking about Phillip and Uno. Now we talk about leadership and guidance. Often times when when folks are lost, they they have a it's a weird thing that happens to them. They they get the sense of pride that they don't like to say they lost. They always pretend. And I know you're quick to say that's how menders operate. They don't like to ask questions, especially when they lost. But really, people hardly like to admit when they're going down the wrong road. They always believe, you know, the reason I do that because I was coming back the next way. I was planning to do X, Y, and Z, and I really lost you. You seeing it different to me. No, but but you're lost. You're lost. Right. So, Philillip and the Ethiopian unoch just for context, the unoch was reading the Bible. I believe it was Isaiah he was reading and God was working on both sides. He reading on one hand and God told Philip, Philip, here what I have one guy out there. It's not a convention, just one person. I want you to go and join him and make sure he in order. Amen. Make sure he understand what going on because he have a desire his heart in the right place. He want to achieve the right thing. So I willing to move things and shift things around just for that one. Amen. So in a in in a message God's provided place of worship. Paragraph 165 where Abraham say there was Philillip another one full of the quickening power. We find him down there at Samaria holding a great revival. He was in revival. No this great quickening power after he was in Christ come where he had thousands of people listening at him and he said now here hear the Holy Spirit now leave here Philillip I want you to go out into this desert gaza here I got a man out there want you to meet one man you know and no question no question at all he was full of that quickening power this is leadership in action he not questioning the word enough if the Holy Spirit say you had to go he gone. Yes sir. He not Lord I a mighty convention there's a meeting there plenty people to fellowship with here. One man you want to no question at all. He said he was in Christ. He was at the provided place where God could talk to him. God spoke to him. There was no question. Say well he spoke to me and told me I was going to be healed but I don't know. I feel awful bad today. Oh my. Well, he told me I had I I had the Holy Ghost and sometimes I sure doubt it. No, Philip knew exactly the voice of God cuz he had come God's provided way. He didn't question God about well God I've been here so so many here. I have to stand. I I have to see the state prespter before I can do it. I have to talk to the bishop. Wasn't nothing about it. He minded God right out into the the the desert. He went he found one man a uno a Ethiopian a colored man coming down reading the scripture in Isaiah and he said do you understand what you're reading that's what what what he asked and in in Acts 8 verse 29 it says then the spirit said unto Philillip go and join thyself to this chariot and Philip ran thither to him and heard him read the prophet Isaiah and said it thou what thou readest and he said listen listen to the man's approach you know often time you ask somebody you understand what going on everybody quick to say yeah listen to his approach Philip asked him understand this thou what thou readest and he responded he said how can I except some man should guide me so this is strange to me I don't understand can you help me, can you explain to me what's going on? And I say he desired Philillip that he would come up and sit with him. The place of scripture which he read was this. He was led as a sheep to the slaughter. And like a lamb dumb before his sharer, so open he not his mouth. In his humiliation, his judgment was taken away. And who shall declare his generation? For his life is taken from the earth. And the unic answered Philillip and said, I pray thee, of whom speaketh the prophet this, of himself or of some other men? Then Philip opened his mouth and began at the same scripture and preached unto him Jesus. Jesus, you know, he didn't try to show how intelligent and how intellectual and how educated he was and how experienced he was. He preached Jesus. Cuz when you go home, what your family looking for, whether they know it or not, is Jesus. You know, what your boss needs more than anything else is not a raise of pay. You know, they need Jesus. Amen. What your cousin, your uncle, your aunt, your neighbor, friend, what they need today is Jesus. They may be confused right now, but all they want is Jesus. You know, they don't want you to sit around and explain too much to them, but they want to see that you living like Jesus. There's something different about you. There's something special about you. There's something happening around you that everybody else acting a little different. Everybody reacting a particular way. Everyone expected to operate a particular way. But why you not responding like everybody else and then they will understand like he said all he did is preach unto him Jesus. Going back to the message he said listen by the time he was done he said here is water. What hinders me from being baptized? Amen. He said, if thou believe with all all thy heart, all thy soul, mind, and strength, got off the chariot and baptize him. So, Philip wasn't sent just to expound on scripture, you know, Philillip was sent so this guy could be raised up from where he was and be saved, you know, and delivered, you know, and be redeemed, you know. You see listen it say baptize him and Philip was so full of that quickening power till he caught him out of his sight. Think in his mortal body his physical being was caught up. Now this is a man full of the quickening power out of the sight of the uno. I believe that to be the truth. God could take him somewhere else where he had need of him. He was caught up. You see, that is where you could surrender yourself to the leading of the Holy Spirit. That is where he could guide you and carry you here and carry you there, knowing that you're fully equipped to do anything he asked you because you're following his leading. Remember there was a man one time he said, "Listen, I could I could relate to you. You know, I'm a centurion because I'm a man under authority. I understand what it is to be led and directed and to be guided and given instructions and carry it out. That is why I could do likewise unto the men that I am responsible for. Amen. So don't think it's a subservient thing we talking about here. At the end of the day, we have to be willing to be led. I as a question early, are we willing to be led? Are we willing to be guided correctly? Amen. Sometimes we think about it as a real task like a taskmaster type of relationship like I want to lead you and come this way and don't go that way and don't do this and that. But there are so much blessings in leadership. There are so much blessings when you could surrender to leadership and follow the right path. In Proverbs 3, a few verses there, listen to what it says. It says, "My son, forget not my law, but let thine heart keep my commandments." Amen. In verse two, blessings coming out. For length of days, and long life, and peace shall they add to thee. Let not mercy and truth forsake thee. Bind them about thy neck. Write them upon the table of thine heart. So shall thou find favor and good understanding in the sight of God and man. Your neighbor and all might might like you. You know, they said, "Trust in the Lord with all thine heart and lean not unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct your path." It's not you doing your own thing, you know. He shall direct your path. He shall show you where he want you to go. He shall guide you. Getting ready to close and just for background one time as we stand to wind down now. The prophet was hunting one time and he say, "You know what? I go and shoot this deer and I have enough meat for the winter." and a storm was coming and the message I think the name of it is the guide a a guide. Yeah. And in this scenario he said listen he was a hunter he was a bushman he was a man out there with experience because he did say every guide must have experience. He believed in his heart that he was a guide. He was a qualified certified guide. And as he moved out, this storm started to get worse. Yeah. The one thing he didn't cater for is that at that time he had a young child and a new wife. They were staying at a cabin and he was down in the camp miles away, probably six, seven, eight miles apart. the storm was intensifying and I know you know the story and at this point he got the opportunity to shoot the game and he watched it there and he shot it and he decided you know what I have enough meat for the winter I'm good to go I'm going home but you know what it became covered with fog and it was cloudy and he couldn't really see his way that is where the training comes in so he could now operate based on his experience and he started to go strap up his gun, strap up all the tools and equipment I could could imagine, strap up the what whatever he had shot, whether it was a deer or whatever it was. And he decided to start off. He hung it there and he would do all the signs and all the tricks and stuff being in the forest as a hunter until he made what was known as a death walk, which is when he make a big circle and he came back just where he started. Yes. When that happened, you know what he said? Just like we suggested earlier. Oh gosh. Let me try again. I know lost know. I just make a circle. And when he did that, came back to as we say to square one. Yes. Came back to the starting point. But you know what? The mind is such a interesting place. It's such a powerful battleground that he started to get thoughts. Now hear what the thoughts saying. You you you not lost enough. You know you could do this. You know you trained to do this. You know you ready and you prepared for this hour. You prepped for this. You're not lost. You are hunter. You are guide. What the voice wasn't saying. If you stay here too long you die. You know if you stay here too long your wife and child dead. The voice not not saying that. But here what the voice saying. You good. You are right. You're not lost. you you're going to make it. Try again. Take it easy. That's what the voice saying. He said at the same time he started to hear what he believe was the voice of God, conflicting voices. Just like today, just like we move around and we have influences and voices and different people saying different things all the time. And we have to trust the Holy Spirit to be able to discern which voices making sense. Which voices represent truly true true leadership, which voices we will follow, which voices we will listen to, which voices we act upon. And as he did that, he came to a point in which he said he thought he could have lost it all. He said because it comes to a point in which you feel like you're going crazy. you feel like you could give up. He say hunters in the past when they become almost so paranoid with conflicts in their minds that they commit suicide. They shoot themselves, they injure themselves because they don't know where to go, where to turn, what to do next. And it's at that point he realized they injure themsel to do next. He realized that no matter what he was lost no matter what he where he could admit that all his natural training was in vain. Similar to Moses, he got Egyptian training for 40 years, but all that couldn't deliver the Israelites out of Egypt. Nothing he knew before could prepare him for today. He realized he needed a guide. He needed somebody who had gone before, somebody who knew the way, who's somebody who could lift him up when he was lost. And this is the prayer he prayed. He say, "Heavenly Father, now I'm getting beyond myself. I'm hearing a voice speaking to me. Is that you?" I said, "Lord, I'm going to admit to you that I ain't no hunter. I ain't I can't find my way around. You have to help me. I'm not fit to live and doing the things that I've done. Coming in here thinking I know too much about it to ever get lost. I need you, Lord. My wife is a good woman. My baby, my little boy, his mother's gone on and she's trying to be a mother to him. And I've just married her. And here she is, a kid there in the woods. They'll both die tonight. that wind, it'll turn down about 10 below zero and they won't know how to live. They'll die tonight. Don't let them die. God, take them to me. Take me to them so that I can see that they don't die. I'm I'm lost. I'm lost in a different context. Hh, God, I can't find my way around. Won't you please help me and forgive me for my own self-centered way? I can't do nothing without you. You're my guide. You help me, Lord. I got up and said, "Amen." Musicians, get ready. Just then, I felt something touch me on my shoulder. A hand. It felt like a man's hand. So, quickly, I turned around to look. There was nobody standing there. Yes. Hallelujah. I thought, "What was that?" He has the Bible laying before me. God, my guide and judge, is standing here. I just looked up and right back this way, that fog just cleared back till I could see the tower on top of Hurricane Mountain. Just think that fog clearing back six miles, just one hole till I could see it. And then I'd pack my rifle in this hand and hold this hand up cuz I tacked the wire on the trees like that going down the telephone wires to the cabin so he could talk to his wife and then call out from there from the mountain and I was going to help him. That's when he was on the way down. He had connected these wires. He said and I was going to help him take it down that fall. And I had my hand up like this saying oh God let me touch that line walk. And my arm would get so sore, tired, and could hardly hold it. And I'd have to let it down. And I'd change the gun and put it in that steps back a couple steps up. Be sure not to miss it. Then raise my hand up. After a while, when I was just ready to give up, my hand hit something. Oh my. I had been found when I was lost. I held that wire. I dropped the rifle right down, took my hat off of my head, and I stood there. I said, "Oh, God, what a feeling it is to be found when you're lost." I said, "Right down to the end of this wire. I'll never turn it loose. I'll hold onto this wire. It'll guide me right to where all on this earth that's there to me is laying right down there." my wife and baby frantically not knowing where I am, not knowing how to make a fire, not knowing what to do. Winds blowing and limbs popping and falling off the trees. I was tears not to let go of the wire. I wasn't going to let it go no matter what. I held that wire until it guided me right in to where all that was there on earth to me. You could play lead me, Lord. That was a horrible experience and a great experience to find my way out. But it wasn't half of it. One day I was lost in sin. I went to church after church trying to find something. I went to the 7th Day Adventist. They told me, "Keep the Sabbath, quit eating meat." I went to the Baptist church. I mean, you you you name it. Church after church. But one day out in a cold shed, I held my hand up. I caught a hold of something. Or I might say something got a hold of me. It was a lifeline, the guide. And he's led me safe thus far. It ain't going to take my hand. I ain't going to take my hand off that wire. You're not going to take your hand off the lifeline cuz it was a lifeline. He say, "I'm holding on to the guide for all that was ever on earth and all that is in heaven ever means precious to me is at the end of that line. He has brought me safely this far. I'll trust him the rest of the way. When he, the Holy Spirit, has come, he will guide you and lead you into all truth." Friends, it's brought me to where I am today. It's made me what I am. I can gladly introduce it to you. It's the only guy that I know anything about from here on earth or up there. He's my guide. When I go hunting, wherever I go, he's my guide. He is my trust. He is my leader. He is my guidance. When you go fishing, when you go to work, when you go home, he's my guide. When I talk to somebody, he's my guide. When I preach, he's my guide. He's my guide. When you sleep, when you walk around and you do your chores, he's your guide. And when I come to die, he'll be standing at the river. He'll guide me across the way. I'll fear no evil, for thou art with me. Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me and guide me across the river. Let's stand tonight. May God bless you. Is he your guide tonight? Is he leading you? Let's just lift our hands and sing that song. I will follow. Lead me Lord. I will go. You have called me. I will answer. Lead me Lord. My Lord. I will go hand lead me Lord. Oh Lord, leave me [Music] Jesus. I will go. [Music] You have called [Applause] [Music] me. Leave me [Music] alone. One more time. Leave me alone. Leave me alone. Ohord. I will follow you. Is that your prayer tonight? Lead me Lord. I will [Music] Lead me [Music] Lord for the last time. Lord lead [Music] me. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, Amen. Blessed be his wonderful name. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. and you love the Lord tonight. Let's just bow our heads as this time as we pray for this evening's titan offering. Oh heavenly father, we pause once more, Lord, to bring the titan offering before you, Lord. Lord, we pray that you would pour a special blessing upon those that give and provide for those who are not in a position to give today, Lord. May it be used for the furtherance of the gospel guide its use. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. sing that song. I just can't give up now. Thank you. Just can't give up now. I've come too far from where I've started from. Nobody told me the road would be easy. I don't believe he's brought me this far to leave me. Oh, I just can't give up now. [Applause] come too far from where I start [Music] from. Nobody told me the road won't be easy. Don't believe he's brought me this far to leave me. [Music] Oh, I just can't give up now. I've come too far from where I started from. Nobody told me the road would be easy. I don't believe he's brought me this far to leave me. Let's just bow our heads this morning, please. Oh, heavenly father, Lord, as we seek to close out this service, Lord, I pray that you will be with your people. Lord, I pray that you pour a special blessing on the people that were gathered here tonight. Lord, Lord, that their needs will be met, Lord. You'll provide for them and you will lead them and guide them and encourage them as they go on their way, Lord. Lord, I pray that your angels will surround them, go before them and behind them, that every step they take will be guided and ordered by you, Lord. Lord, we pray that even as we move forward, Lord, that we will continue to worship and praise and and acknowledge you in everything that we do, Lord. We seek your guidance and direction, Lord. Lord, we pray that you'll be with your people, that you'll carry them safely to their homes and wherever they go tonight. Lord, those connected on the internet, Lord, Lord, I pray that your presence would surround them. Surround them with your love and your power, Lord. Lord, I pray that you will meet them at the point of their needs tonight. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. You may have your seat. Don't believe he has brought me this far to leave me. Oh, I just can't give up now. I've come too far from where I started from. [Music] Nobody told me the road would be easy. You don't believe you brought me this far to leave me. Just for announcements, uh this Saturday, sorry, this Friday at 8:00 p.m. we wouldn't have a Zoom prayer and prayer meeting, but we will have our prayer and fast during the day. And we will have a live stream uh at 8:00 p.m. So, you'll see that live stream on our channels at 8:00 p.m. on Friday. And this Sunday, we will have two services. Our morning service at 10:00 a.m. and our evening service will be at 3:00 p.m. Amen. So, Friday, although there's no Zoom prayer meeting, there'll be a live stream taking place at 8, um, and you will see that online on our channels. And on Sunday, we will have two services with a prayer and fast on Friday. Amen. The ushers could get ready. Give me come to far from where I've started from. Nobody told me the road won't be easy. I don't believe he's brought me this far to leave me. I just can't give up now. come too far from where I started from. Nobody told me the road would be easy. I don't believe it's broken this far to leave me. [Music]
