################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - And I Brought You Unto Myself - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   And I Brought You Unto Myself - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sw43CCeuPH8
========================================

[Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat [Music] up here. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] N. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Praise the Lord. Just raise your hands and give him praise this morning. Close your eyes and bless the Lord this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Let's praise him this morning. Father, we worship you, Lord. We bless your name, Father. Oh, from the rising of the sun to the going down of the same. Your name is worthy to be praised, Lord. Lord, if we had a thousand tongues, it still wouldn't be enough to praise you, Lord Jesus. Lord, for what you have done for us, Lord, where you have brought us through, Father. Lord, we just want to praise you this morning. We want to worship you, Lord. Anoint your people with the spirit of praise, the spirit of worship, Lord. We forget about ourselves, Lord, and focus upon you this morning, Lord. Heavenly Father, we appreciate you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Jesus. Let's sing that song. In moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a song. I sing out a love song. A love song to [Music] Jesus. In moments like [Music] these, I lift up my hands. I lift up My hands I lift up my hands to the Lord. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Singing I love you. Sing it. I love you, Lord. Yes, Lord. Sing it. [Music] I love I love I love you Lord. [Music] Say I love I love you, oh Jesus. Oh, I love you. Let's sing it one more time. In moments like these, in moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a song. Sing out a love song. I sing out a love song to Jesus in moments. In moments. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. To the Lord and sing it. How many love him this morning? Oh, raise your hands. Close your eyes. Tell him this morning how much he means to you this morning. He's the love of your soul. He's your everything this morning. Oh, he's your all and all this morning. I love you, Jesus. Oh, say I love you, Jesus. Oh, I love you. One more time. Sing it. Oh, sing it. I love I love you, Lord. Oh, Jesus. Sing it. Oh yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, sing. I love you, oh my Lord. I love you, Lord. Amen. Just take a few minutes and praise him this morning. Oh, we love you, Lord Jesus. We love you, Lord. We love you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, with all our hearts we love you, Lord. We praise you, Lord. Oh, we bless your name this morning, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Tell him how much you love him this morning. Thank you, Savior. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, praise his wonderful name. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Thank you, Savior. Amen. Praise God. God bless you this morning and welcome to the house of the Lord. Amen. Amen. You feel that love in your heart for him this morning. Amen. Good to see everyone. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, let's just turn to our Bibles to Psalms chapter 93:es 1:5. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. The Lord reignth. He is clothed with majesty. The Lord is clothed with strength wherewith he had girded himself. The world also established that it cannot be moved. Thy throne is is established of old. Thou art from everlasting. The floods have lifted up, oh Lord. The floods have lifted up their voice. The floods lift up their waves. The Lord on high is mightier than the noise of many waters. Yay. Than the mighty waves of the sea. Can we say amen this morning? Thank you, Lord. Thy testimonies are very sure. Holiness becometh thine house, O Lord, forever. Praise the name of the Lord. We praise the name of the Lord. He's a mighty God. Amen. He's almighty God this morning. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. That's the kind of God we serve. Amen. A mighty God. Amen. No matter what the situation, he's a mighty God. Amen. Amen. Let's just bow our heads and close our eyes. Amen. Raise your hands and Amen. Pour your soul before him this morning. Whatever need you may have this morning, he's more than able to meet that need. Amen. forget about yourself this morning and focus on him. We've come to bless him this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Heavenly Father, Lord, your people are gathered here this morning, even on a a rainy morning, Father. But Lord, we've come, Lord, to forget about ourselves and what's on the outside, Father. And we come to focus upon you this morning, Lord. redeem it a great and wonderful privilege that we could come into the house of the Lord to praise you and to worship you and to have life, health, and strength, Father. Lord, and we want to dedicate ourselves to you this morning, Lord, as true worshippers, Lord. Anoint your people now for service, Father. Anoint your musicians, anoint your servant as you would come, Father, Lord. Lord, and may everything be done, Lord, in decency and in order, Lord, that you could get all the glory, all the praise that belongs to your matchless name. Father, Lord, as I said before, if we had a thousand tongues, Lord, it still would not be enough to praise you, Lord. Lord Jesus, come and have your perfect way this morning, Lord. Bless your people 100fold, Father. May you open up the windows of heaven and pour out your blessings and your power upon your people, Father, like never before. And Lord, at the end of this service, we'll be careful to give you all the glory and praise that belongs to your matchless name. Heal the sick, Lord. Raise up the downtrodden, the weak, and weary. Raise them up this morning. Give them a charge of your Holy Spirit, Lord. Draw us closer to you today. And may this be a wonderful day in your presence. Bless both services, Father. We commit everything now into your hands in Jesus wonderful name. Amen and amen. Praise the Lord. Give the Lord a hand of praise this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. If you could just turn around and greet somebody. Welcome them into his presence. Amen. Say, "God bless you. We appreciate you this morning." Amen. [Music] Thank you Jesus. Good to see everyone. Amen. Online as well. God bless you. Amen. Bye and bye when the morning comes. Amen. Maybe try. Amen. Oh, we are often tossed and driven on the restless sea of time. Sumber skies and howling tempest often succeeded a bright sunshine. In that land of perfect day, when the mists have rolled away, we will better by and by singing by and by. Oh, and all the saints of God are gathered home. We will Oh, and we understand it. We often destitute. We are often destitute of the things that land demands. Want of food and want of shelter, thirsty hills and barren lands. But we're trusting in the Lord and according to his word, we will understand it better by and by. Oh, sing it [Music] by. Oh, and all our gather. Oh, we will overcome. We will understand it. Trials dark on every hand. Trials dark on every hand. And we cannot understand all the ways that God will lead us to that blessed promised land. But he guides us with his eyes. And he'll follow till we die. But we'll understand it better by and by. Oh, singing. Glory yes Lord. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord. Oh we will. Oh, how we overcome. And [Music] we temptations hidden. Temptations hidden. Stares often take us unawares. And our hearts are made to bleed. For many a thoughtless word or deed, and we wonder why the test when we try to do our best, but we'll understand it better by and by. Sing this morning by and by. Oh, when the morning comes over and all glory of God, we will tell the story how we overcome. And we sing it one more time. By and by, by hallelujah. All the saints of Oh, we will. Oh, how we've overcome and we Oh, one more time without the music. Let me hear you sing. Sing it. Oh, song's good. Hallelujah. All the saints of God. Come on, musician. Glory. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Give him a shout this morning. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Glory. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Glory to [Music] God. Glory. Oh, are you wash in the blood? Oh, in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Oh, are your garments spotless as snow? Are you washed in the blood? Oh, are you washed in the blood? Oh, in the soul cleansing blood. Are your [Music] [Applause] garments? Are you washed in the blood? Have you been to Jesus? Have you been to Jesus for the cleansing power? Are you Are you trusting fully? Are you trusting fully in his grace this hour? Are you washed in the blood? Are you walking daily? Are you walk by the Savior's side? Are you save? Are you washed? Are you washed? Do you rest each moment? Oh, do you rest each moment in the crucified? Are you washed in the blood of the Sing it? Are you washing? Are [Music] you Oh, in the soul cleansing blood. Oh, are you a shame as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? When the bridegroom cometh, when the bride will your robes be white pure and white in the blood. Hallelujah. Will your soul be ready? Will your soul for the mansion's bride? Are you wash? Are you of the lamb? Oh, singing. Are you are you worshiping them? Hallelujah. In the Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, are your garments blessed? Are you washed in the one more verse? Lay aside the garments. Lay aside that are stained with sin and be washed. And you wash in the blood. There's a fountain flowing. There's a fountain for the soul unclean. For the soul unclean. Oh, be washed in the blood. Oh, sing it this morning. One more time. Are you washed? Glory. Oh, it's an invitation this morning. Hallelujah. Oh your god bless in the blood. Oh clap your hands this morning. Glory. Thank you Jesus. Oh yes [Music] Lord. Yes Lord. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. [Music] Yes, Jesus. Oh, I'm going to walk in heaven one day. I'm going to walk in heaven one day. I'm going to walk in heaven one day. One day I'm going to walk in heaven one day. Oh, I'm going to sing in heaven one day. Hallelujah. I'm going to Yes, Jesus. Oh, you sing it this morning. I'm going [Music] to Oh, one day I'm going to sing. I'm going to see my Jesus. Oh, I'm going to see my Jesus one day. Oh, glory to God. Somebody shout. Somebody praise him. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. I'm going to see my Jesus someday. Someday I'm going to see. Oh, just praise him. Give him praise this morning. Give him praise. Oh, just raise your hands and praise him. Oh, if you know you're going to see your Jesus, are you living for that day? Glory to God. Yes, Lord. [Music] Oh, I'm going to sing mag. Oh, I'm going to dance. Praise God. I'm going to dance in heaven. Oh, somebody move your feet this morning. Somebody give him a shout. Somebody praise him. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm going to dance. Dance like David dance. Oh, glory to God. Oh, hallelujah. I'm going to shout. Oh, I'm going to shout in heaven one day. Oh, the victory shock. Hallelujah. Oh, Lord. Thank God I made it. Thank God I made it. Praise God. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. I'm going to [Music] shout one day. Hallelujah. Give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just praise him. Just praise him. Just praise him. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. How many love the Lord? How many appreciate the Lord? Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Glory to God. Good to see you. Amen, brother Stefan and brother Jaden and brother Jesus. Amen. God bless you. Praise God. Amen. Praise the Lord. You are my [Music] strength. Strength like no other. Strength like no other. reaches to me. You are my strength. You are my strength. Strength like strength like no other. Strength like no other reaches to me. You are my hope. You are my hope. Hope like, hope like no other hope like no other reaches. You are my peace. You are my peace. Oh, peace. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Peace. Peace like no other. reaches. You are my joy. You are mine. Hallelujah. Joy unspeakable. No other joy like no other reaches. One more time. You are my strength. You are my strength. Strength. [Music] Strength reaches, reaches to [Music] me, for it reaches to the highest mountain, oh Lord, and it flows into the valley. The blood, the blood in the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose it. Let's go up one more here. for it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows wherever you are today. The blood will find you even on a mountain in the valley. No matter where you are this morning. Oh, the blood the blood that gives me strength from day. Thank you for the blood this morning. Thank you for the blood, Lord. It will never lose, never lose far. Oh, it reaches down. It reaches. Oh, it reaches to the No matter how low you are this morning, it will find you this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, and it flows to the lowest. The blood of Jesus. Oh, the blood that gives me strength. From day from day to day, it will never ever never fall. One more time. It reaches. Oh, it reaches. And it reaches to the heart. And it flows. And it flows. Oh Lord Jesus. Halleluah. through the power that gives me strength from day to day. Lord, it will never never it will never lose. It will never it will it will never lose. Oh, it [Music] will lose it. [Music] Oh, give him praise this morning. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Show me your way. That I may walk with you. Show me your way. Lord, I put my hope I put my hope in you. The cry of my heart, the cry of my heart is to love you more, to live with a touch of your hand. Stronger, stronger each day. Show me your way. Show me, show me, show me your way, Lord. Lead us. Show me your way that I may walk with you. M that I may walk. Oh, show me your way. Show me your I put my hope in you. Oh, I put my hope, the cry of my heart is to love you more. Oh, the cry of my to live with the touch of your hand. To live with the touch of your hand. stronger each day. Show me your way, Lord. Show me your way, oh Lord. Show me your way. Sing it again. Show me your way. Show me your way that I may walk with you, Lord. Walk and talk. Walk and talk with you. Show me your I put my hope in you. The cry of my heart sing is to love you more, to live with a touch of your [Music] hand. Stronger each day. Show me your way. Oh, one more time. Show me your way. Sing it this morning. Show me. Go raise your hands this morning. Make it a prayer. Oh that I may [Music] [Applause] walk. Show me. I put my hope in you, Lord. Oh, the cry of my heart is to love you more, to live with a touch. [Music] stronger. Oh, show me your way. As the music plays, you talk to him. You talk to him this morning. As the music [Music] plays, show me a way. Throw me [Music] away. Oh, the cry of my heart. Hallelujah. Lord, love you, Lord. To live with a touch of your hand. Stronger, stronger is there. Show me your ways. Show me your way. Hallelujah. Oh, show me your way. that I may walk with you that I may walk with you. Show me your way. I put my hope in you. I put my hope in you. My heart. The cry of my heart is to love you, Lord. Touch of God [Music] strong. Hallelujah. Show me. One more time. Show me. Show me. Show me your way. Oh, hallelujah. That I glory through. Show me a way. I put my hope in you. I put my hope in the cry of my [Music] heart. [Music] Stronger. Show me your way. Father, we praise you this morning. We thank you for your presence. We thank you for your love. We thank you for the anointing that we feel. Lord, there's a canopy over here this morning. It's a canopy of life. It's a canopy of love. It's a canopy of your spirit. Father, may deliver, set the captives free, restore, heal, deliver, save, revive. As we approach your word, may I bless it in Jesus name we ask it. Amen and amen. God bless you and welcome. Thanks for coming out. Just two scriptures like to read this morning. Exodus chapter 19 want to read verse 3-6 and John 15 want to read ver one verse there verse 7 certainly appreciate the message on Wednesday night that your fruit might remain but Anthony that was really something okay so Exodus chapter 19 want to read verse 3-6 Six. And Moses went up into unto God. And the Lord called unto him out of the mountain, saying, Thus shalt thou say to the house of Jacob, and tell the children of Israel. Ye have seen what I did unto the Egyptians, how I bear you on eagle's wings, and brought you unto myself. Now therefore, if he will obey my voice indeed, and keep my covenant, then he shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all people, for all the earth is mine, and he shall be unto me a kingdom of priests, and an holy nation. These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel. And since John 15 1 verse there, verse 7, if you abide in me and my words abide in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you. May God bless the reading of his word. You may be seated. Praise God. It's good to be here this morning. That's a beautiful song. Show me your ways. As I said before, the Old Testament reflects uh the ways of God, the thinking of God. You could read stuff in the New Testament, but the but the but the Old Testament reflects the nature of God, how God sees things. So this morning I I have a title and and I brought you unto myself using the text that God was how God interpret bringing them out of Egypt on eagle's wings. But before I go there to speak on that I want to share something very shared with me of an interview a private interview. uh this is will be the 5th of July 1964 uh with brother Bram and some sister Bruce and I want to read this for you. Sister Bruce says I make so many mistakes and I fail so many times. So brother Bram is answering that is why Christ had to die so that you with your mistakes wouldn't be loted to you. See he took your mistakes your desire in your heart is to serve him. Sister Bruce says yes. All right. That's what he died for so you could serve him. Your mistakes are not looked, not loted to you. See, he is your propriation. See, he is your sin offering. Your sins are not known. You are not a sinner before God. Christ took your sin and become you cuz your desire is to serve him. Amen. So onto he said on the inter interview on the interview a few moments ago I was speaking to a person in the room that's present now said but brother Brham I have so many things that I know that's wrong a godly little woman. I said, "But look, sister, you don't look at yourself. It's just what your desire is. And and what you try to do, if you really love the Lord, you will try to serve him with all your heart." And then all your mistakes is hid in the blood of the Lord Jesus. Oh, praise God. Do you appreciate the Lord this morning? Thank God for that. The blood. That's why we are here because of blood. Hallelujah. We're not here because we has behaved nice and we have good behavior because of blood and the blood give us access to his presence and that presence is what transform what is in our hearts. Oh, praise the God. Amen. You you follow what I'm saying? So this grace this grace is sovereign and that's why God could somebody could be back in 70 years and God sovereignly extend grace to them to restore them. And I was thinking about time and chance. Somehow just come to my mind. You know, the Bible there's a scripture about time and chance and talking about uh the battle is not for the strong and the swift and whatnot, but time and chance happened to all men. And I was thinking about the thief on the cross, the one who say, "Lord, remember me." He was a old thief, never had a Bible, never went to church, but somehow time and chance placed him at the cross. Now maybe another person might have been guilty and hung up on the cross. But that particular thief, he was on that side of the cross. The other old thief said um um save yourself and save us too. And that thief say old crook. This man deserve not the man don't deserve this. Remember me. Just those two words. He get baptized in Jesus name. He shake nobody hand. He had no mystery in the head. Nobody pump the word and and and tell him this and tell him word and word. Jesus said today you will be with me. And you can't question that because God is sovereign. Oh, praise God. So I have a title and I brought you unto myself and have inspiration. One goal, one purpose God wanted to achieve and this was since the fall of man and Moses and we read it. You have seen what I did unto the Egyptians. How I bear you an eagle's wings and brought you myself. And if you notice even in the Psalms you will see God is very reflective of remind people where they come from because it's a strange thing you know people just forget where they come from you know people has forget what God brought them out from you know and that is a sad thing because it has get you away from gratefulness and thankfulness and the grace of God. You didn't bring yourself out. He brought you out. You didn't pull yourself up. He pulled you up. You didn't bless yourself. He blessed you. Whether with strength, whether with education, whether with job, whether with money, whether with wealth, whatever God put, he blessed you. He didn't have to do it. Time and chance happened to all men. Oh, glory to God. The opportunities for somebody in the country is way different from somebody in the city. The person in the city have more opportunities than somebody in the country. But the person is in the country. What will what will they do? Time and chance happen to all men. You're not in America. You're in Trinidad. Time and chance happen to all men. I'm so happy to be in this country. I don't want to be nowhere else. Praise God. If God put me here, I'm in the safest place I could be. I'm in the best place that can be. I have no complaints. I'm grateful. I am thankful for God. He woke me up this morning. He put strength in my feet. He put a praise upon my lips. I have something to shout about because he brought me on the mic. He set my feet on a rock to stick. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. After Lucifer, son of the morning, was placed in position as a high star over the music, over this, over that, he find it wasn't good enough. Pride raise up in his heart. He said, "I'll be like the most high." Hallelujah. And he formed a coup in heaven and got the boots and got kicked out. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Pride is from the devil. Humility is from God. Oh, give the Lord some shout. And that's why he say humble yourself under the mighty hand of God and he shall exalt you in due time. Oh give the Lord a shout. God going to raise you up. God going to bless you. You don't have to out nobody light for your light to shine. Give the Lord a shout in the house. Did you hear what I just said? You don't have to out nobody light for your light to shine. Just let your light shine and darkness have to run. Darkness have to go. [Applause] ministers. Ministers blasting this one. Blast this one. Blasting. Oh, God. Father blasting everybody in sight and and it appears if they're right and not nothing at all. Not just blasting. All right, let's go. So on the exhortation on Friday prayer meeting, if you haven't listened to it, you should listen to it. I was speaking about how God's desire was to bring us into this kingdom of priests and King and Isaac always strike it and I was more emphasizing that priestly road and that priestly road is where you offer sacrifices and first we read where Jesus offered prayers and supplication and then Jesus with tears with tears Jesus prayers and supplication and then Jesus offered himself and then I connected that to present your bodies a living sacrifice you as a priest to offer yourself Just as people offer themselves to the devil, a lot of these singers and so on, they actually sell their soul to the devil. They're saying it openly and they don't know how to cancel that deal and that bargain because they bargain for wealth and fame and popularity and they sell their soul to the devil and they have songs and I don't know where I was thinking about some of these songs from old days. It's so demon inspired. If loving you is wrong, I don't want to be right. It's a old song. Um, you're my first, you my last, you're my everything. Giving glory to some woman or something. So, um, forget him man. A big big guy. Forget him name. Barry White. You are my first, you my last, you my everything. I don't Satan himself was inspired all them kind of love songs. So that's a lie. You know, you're my first, you're my last. A woman, my everything. He crazy or what? That is craziness. But what I'm saying then that was nice love song. But is the devil bringing music? You remember he was in tune with that in heaven. He know about the instruments. He know about the vibes. He know about the emotions. He know what get the people in the mood. He knows that and he inspires that. And God know the vibes too. That's why when you get the word to get you in the mood, the mood of what? Of faith, of expectation, of deliverance, of healing. God know what to do. You know, you come here tonight for a purpose. It's not by chance you're here. You here for a purpose. You here that you can get a breakthrough. Praise God. Amen. You're here that you can get deliverance. That's what we come to church for, to get delivered. And one day we'll be delivered from this corruption. Oh, the Lord I shout every day we coming for deliverance. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Feel good this morning. In other words, they came out of Egypt. They were delivered from Egypt, but Egypt was in them. Hallelujah. They wasn't delivered from themselves. So coming out is not good enough. Do you get that? Amen. I come out of Baptist, Methodist, Pentecostals. I come out of this, I come out of that. Coming out is not good enough. It's what you're going into. So God don't want you just come out. He said, "I brought you unto myself." Hallelujah. That was the destination to get you back to him. Not to church, to him. Amen. Amen. So God's primary purpose is to bring us to himself. In other words, the outer court, the inner court, the most holy place. God is interested in personal connection with his people. Here we go. Some stop short at religion confined to a belief. Like a brother Tama fellowship, we don't believe the same things. I believe that means he's closed with religion. Because this thing about fellowship, he said if we say we have uh we we say we love um love God and hate our brother, we lie and do not the truth. But if we confess our sins, he's faithful and just to forgive us our sins. God out of many nations, blood, peoples, and tongue take out of people up for his name's sake. We can't stop God from taking people from whatever country. He is God. He know where their names are at. We have the same blood for us is for them. Whether they rich, whether they poor, whether they in Africa, whether in in in South America, whether in in Europe, it doesn't matter where they are. God is the one who have their names on the book. And the same God that called you called them. I was told the gathering yesterday that if we want to choose we pick our family you come cousin uncle auntie and auntie but you see God put the chosen on you go he said you have not chosen me I have chosen you so god picked the people Peter John or whatn not and tell them shake hands and fellowship well I don't talk to that one God have nothing to do with that you know he called this one the one you don't talk to and he called that one the one that you like he called all of them and you have a problem deal with it. Give the Lord a shout. Who he found you, he called. Give me a shout on that one now. Who he found you, he called. That's why he called you. Because he he thought about you. You were in his thinking. You were in his mind. That's why he called you. Not because you stop fornicating. Not because you stop lying. Not because you stopping adultery. No, he forneew you. That's why he called you. He called you to get out of that. Oh, give the Lord a shout to get out of fornication. To get out adultery, to get out of unbelief. He called you to call you out of that. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Some short some short at religion confined to belief. They believe this in the message. They believe that in the message they don't believe that and they are satisfied by that. They don't believe in shouting. They do don't believe in praising God and worshiping. They find too much a noise. But they don't understand if we don't get in the spirit. You have no revelation to get. You will just sit like a Jehovah witness and sit down there as if there's a kingdom hall. There's not no kingdom hall. We talking about the kingdom of God. And to get revelation, you have to get in the spirit. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Go study your bills when inside of here. Go study your pains when you're inside of here. Go study what your children doing when you're inside of here. Leave the children out. Leave the bills out. Leave the work out. Leave what you have problems facing out. Oh, give the Lord a shout. If there's a red sea in front of you, God could make a way. If there's mountains on both sides, God could make a way. If Pharaoh is riding behind your back, God could make a way because he has proven himself to be a way maker. Oh, he is still a way maker tonight. He is still a provider. He is still a deliverer. He is still a baptizer. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And he is not dead. He is still alive. This message is not dead. It's alive. We are here to prove it's alive. Oh God, I can feel him in my hands. I could feel it in my feet. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Want to bust you out your fleshly self, your stinking self, your pride self. You want to bust you out of that. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So being confined to a belief that's in your head. I believe that's here. No life in that crying wasn't if you heal a man on the Sabbath day only word shall keep the Sabbath. You see if a donkey fall in a pit on the Sabbath they would take him out they scratch the head [Music] and that's their donkey they leaving they going leave the donkey inside the pit. So what your vex me if I heal the man? Yes. He says, "Sabbath was made for man, not man for the Sabbath." David, the disciples eating corn from the field without washing their hands. Jesus say you with your wash hand, your pots, your pants, you're washing everything. Every day was a ceremony. You wash, you talk, you wash. Everything was a washing thing, you know, to appear holy, appear clean, and the filthy and wretched and how God saw them. We We have to forget how man sees us. I begin to catch how God sees us. You see the interview I read, God was ministering to that woman saying, "Listen, God not seeing your sins and your failures and your mistakes and so on, but when you're under blood, what's your desire? You have a desire to serve God." That's what God look at. That's why you can say Jacob I love and Esau so I hate. Oh, give the Lord a shout. He love Jacob because Jacob was a rational scampion. He loved Jacob because Jacob had a heart for the birthright. He had a heart for the Holy Ghost. He had a heart for revival. He had a heart for seven thunders. Oh, give the Lord a shout. He had a heart for God. You have to have a heart for God. It breaks you out of churchity. It breaks you out of your condition. [Applause] So some people stop short at what they do. They feel because they do things and this ties into do I give my body to be burn you know give my good to the poor you know they feel doing doing doing good works that they entitled to that's not it. But here what God wants. God wants a a what a innovation with you. He wants to talk with you. You say oh go tell Moses go and tell the people this. Hallelujah. Tell them I brought them out. Amen. On wings of eagles. Tell them I brought them unto myself. Tell them if they hear my voice and keep my covenant. And in every generation, these were the two things, his voice and his covenant. Because if you don't know his voice, you don't know his word. You can't please God. In order to please God, you have to know his will. And his will is revealed by his word. So if you're not in the word, you don't know the will. You're just living your life. Hallelujah. You could become a multi-millionaire living your life. You could be a criminal living your life. They could be a bad girl and living your life, bad boy living your life, but have nothing to do with love of God. I was telling the group I was talking to or when we get the equipment and thing or we like instead of looking at the manual, we like to press. You check no manual just pressing. Is it working? You pressing how this is working. You have a book. The book have the instructions how it's supposed to work. Well, we have a book. Hallelujah. This giving instructions how this supposed to work. How man supposed to work. This is the book. Not what your mother say or your father say or your uncle or your grandma say. Not no old wife tables. This is the book. And when you get here, you know you're right. When you're on top of this, you know you can't fail. When you're on top of this, you know the devil can't move you because you are founded upon a rock, not a church. He said, "Upon this rock, I will build my church and the gates of hell will challenge it but cannot prevail against it." Listen, friends, you going to be challenged. That's why you need revelation. You going to be challenged. That's why you have to have a rock inside your heart. Oh, glory to God. Head thing is not going to stand. Devil will ride over you with chariot wheels over your head, but he can't conquer that heart. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Glory to God. But if you will indeed obey my voice and keep my covenant, then I'll be a peculiar treasure unto me. You shall be and above all people, above all it the earth is mine. And I read this in John 10. Trying to get but you believe not because you are not my sheep. As I said unto you, my sheep hear my voice. Watch. One, two, and I know them. Three, and they follow me. Who are my sheep? They are those who hear his voice and follow him. Hallelujah. Oh my. First Peter 2:9 and I'll close on this part. And you are chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people that you should show forth the praises of him. Show forth what? Praises of him who have called you out of darkness in this marvelous light. And you're called to bring forth the sacrifice of of praise. That means when your two tires go flat, you're supposed to say, "Praise God." Not cuss. [Applause] Do you get that now? Not to cuss, but to give God praise in the good times. In the bad times, when you're in the mountain, when you're in the valley, when things going good, and when thing not not so good, you're still giving him praise. It's a sacrifice. It's an offering. It's you saying, "God, you know all things and you promise to make all things to work together for good to them that love God. And you know I love you and I know you're going to make this mess to work out right." Give the Lord some praises in the house. Now watch. 400 years in bondage in Egypt. They're looking for deliverance. Those children at that time heard stories from their grandparents and those hear from their great-randparents and they was handing out all the time a deliverer coming deliver coming he coming he coming he coming be this year that went on for 400 years but deliver come but God's deliverance for them was not about their freedom because they came out you know they dance you know good they feel that was a real nice thing out of you know But you see that's how young people want they want the freedom. They find their parents holding them back and they want the freedom. And when they get the freedom, what you doing with the freedom? They get vexed with God. They want meat. God serving them bread. Angel bread falling on bread that they making and they baking. And they say we load this light bread. They know where it come from. These are human beings just like us, you know, telling God this light bread. Every morning they baking it. They have a bakery out in the wilderness. There two million people talking about every morning just pick up fresh bread. What to kill them, send plagues, this that or the other to bring them out what for? Unto themselves. Unto himself. They didn't know him. Just have we come from wherever and we don't know him. He calling them out to the mountain that they could learn of him because they don't know this God. Moses met God, not them. They were God's people. Moses met God, not them. He is bringing them to meet the God he met. Moses was smart enough to say, "Who shall I say send me?" Because them people in trouble big time. They're going to ask me where I get the authority from. They're going to ask me where I get the uncction from. They're going to ask me where I get the anointing from. Who shall I say send me? He said, "Tell them I am." Not I was not I will be. Tell them I am. I am present. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Right in your condition, I am present. How many believe that this morning? Whatever you're going through, I am. I am. Whatever. I am your healer. I am your deliverer. I am your baptizer. I am Glory to God. Give the Lord a shout God to set you free this morning. I believe all my heart. Hallelujah. Tell them I am. Not I was that I will be. I am. And that's what we want this morning. We want a God who is the I am. We want a God who could supply our need. We want a God who I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. We want our God to be our protector this morning. To be our guide this morning. Tariff or no tariff. We want our God to be a provider for us. Oh, get me started this morning. Give the Lord a shout. Oh, glory to God. Tough times coming, but we are here to do battle with the devil, to do battle with the enemy, to overcome. We are more than conquerors. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He call you to be a king. To be a king is to be a ruler. To be a dominator, to conquer, to reign over. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Kings and priests unto God. How many feel like a champion this morning? I want you to feel like a champion. Like God's [Applause] champion. Amen. [Applause] Once a son, always with a son. You know, you got cancel that. You know, your blessing could be delayed but not denied. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Did you get that? Your blessing could be delayed but not denied. That's why when Samson prayed that prayer, he said, "Avenge me with two eyes. Avenge me once more, Lord. I had your power. I want it back." Hallelujah. I had your covenant. I want it back. I want a restoration. Oh, glory to God. And when Samson put his hands and he felt those seven locks, he know the covenant has been restored. And once the covenant has been restored, you could call for power. You could call for the anointing. You could call for rain because the covenant has been restored. Samson know he failed. Samson knew he fell. Samson know he was backslitting. But he knew he was getting back. Hey, glory to God. You got to get back where you first started from. Hallelujah. So deliverance out of Egypt were not just about their freedom. Amen. But where God is bringing them to to bring them to himself. Are you with me? Are you with me? Join his people into a deep personal relationship with him. Isn't that right? That's why I read the scripture, he abide in me and my words abide in you. He said, I am the vine. You are the branches and the branch the branches is what produces the fruit. Now if the branches feeling like a big shot then say I don't need divine I pulling away I moving moving out. I'm moving out where you don't understand the life from the vine is what give you the ability to bring forth fruit. Amen. So he said if you want to abide you have to abide in me to bring forth fruit. The vine is not producing fruit. The branches does. But if he abide in me and my words abide in you. What's the effect of that? You could ask whatever you will. This is a cancer case. You could ask for that too. There's a tumor case. You could ask for that. This is a leukemia case. You could ask for that. This is a diabetic case. You could ask for that. Somebody died. You could ask for that too. Glory to God. Do you get what I'm saying? This is the position that God wants the church to be in. A position of power, a position of abiding that you could see your backs and children being restored. You can see your wife being delivered. You can see your husband being delivered. You can see your family being delivered because you're seeing it through the eyes of God. Hallelujah. And you're seeing God using you to fulfill his will and to do his will. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My God is about to share with me. You had to be raised sharp in this hour. I love that. I just laugh. I love that. You're dull. You're dull. You ever see a dull knife or dove cutlast trying to cut a tree with it and you're cutting at all because the instrument is dull. You're beating hard and you're huffing and you're blowing. A man come with a sharp blade just picks one chop and off goes his head and you the beat that devil stand right there say how long you beat that for you go and get yourself together and sharpen your sword come back and deal with me you understand I'm saying so God want us on edge God want you sharpen 5% say amen want you sharpen that's like 13% God want you sharp. Uh-huh. 85%. Let's go. God want you sharp. All right. I wouldn't push it farther. God want you sharp. Hallelujah. When Satan see you, he must say, "Look, let let me move one time. Let me move. Let me move. Let me move. Let me move." That's a sharp one coming. Hallelujah. That wasn't who know who God is. Hallelujah. They know how he lives. They know what God loves. They please the father. They are dangerous. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Glory to God. Some dangerous men and women on the earth today, not church members. We talking about real Christians. That's the thunder that going to shake the devil. The devil in front shaking in Trinidad. The devil in shaking in the tabernacle. There's somebody going to shake him with the power. Shake him with the anointing. Shake him with the uncction of God. You are going to be healed. Oh, glory to God. Your sickness going to be cursed. You are going to be healed. You are going to be delivered. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm prophesying over you this morning. Let's go. Joshua here is the book of redemption of the Old Testament. Joshua we have to consider to be that the book of redemption because it redemption has two parts. Redemption anyway has two parts. is out of into. It takes two parts to make a redemption out of into. So Moses represent the law which brought him out of Egypt. Whereas Joshua represent grace which took them into the promised land. Another way the law and grace are two different aspects of God's command. The law brought them out. Joshua took them in. It's also represented our day. It's the journey from Egypt to the promised land. In my father's house are many mansions. I would have told I told you so. It's the law that brings us to recognize that we are wrong. But it is grace that forgives us. The law has no hope of redemption to it has no grace in it. The law only points out that you are a sinner. But grace tell you how to get out of it. Do you get that? Some people like licks. I say it in this way. Because they they they don't have any internal policeman if I could say that way. So they're attracted to ministers and pastors and whatn not that put licks on them. Like a brother come at time coming here where he go from he used to get licks. So when he come here now he looking for see when I go put licks in him and um he said fine you're not calling me out. I'm say you so you you know what you're doing wrong. So so you waiting for me to call you out. You you but this is what he accustomed with. Every time he come service licks beat them for that. beat. You think you think a man want to beat your wife to love him? Come licks love me. What kind of love that going to be? I want you think about that now. So you think God want to beat up, right? Love me. I die for you. Was on the cross got leaks. Why don't you love me? That is what God want in the natural. We don't even want that. So God want his wife or this woman or this lady or this bride to love him whether he bless you or not you still love him. You could say the Lord give the Lord take it away. Blessed be of the Lord. That is how do we show our love for God? By conducting ourselves with joy and miss the trials. He in his wisdom sends our way. God sends your trials. He customize it for you. And when you get them, you got to shout. Give God a praise. Give a dance. No, the devil say you're crazy because not only you're praising God and you're dancing too. And everybody know you're supposed to be frustrated. You're supposed to be depressed. You're supposed to be upset. You're supposed to be down in the dumps. But you're giving God praise anyhow. Give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let me ask you a question. What time in prison you think you should praise God when you're wrongly feeling imprisoned? Do you do it in morning time, midday? After eat, after breakfast at midnight, Paul and Paul have to at midnight. That when man supposed to be sleeping, man supposed to be tired. That when they get in real mind battles, you know, them show off mind battles and say, "Hallelujah. Glory." And as I worship God and as they worship, as their praises go up, angels have to come down and and bust the door open. And them fellas walk out of prison normal, normal, normal while praising God. You don't wait to be free to praise him. You praise him to be free. You praise him when you're in bondage. You praise him when you're in prison. You praise him when you're looking all messed up, tied up, tangled up. You give God praise because praising him is not about you. It's about who he is. Come on, give the Lord a shout. Worship is not about you. It's about who he is. He is God this morning. There is none like him in all the earth. I love him. I love him. I love him. I want to serve him. Serve him. Serve him. Oh God, he brought me out. He kept me. He kept you. Come on, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So you don't praise him when you get out. You praise him before you get out. You give him a shout before you get out. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen, brother Brandham. Amen. So watch. Law is a policeman that put you in jail, but redemption is the one who paid your fine. Hallelujah. Out of into. Then on spiritual food in due season, he said, "Thanks be to God. We got hidden food, spiritual food. We are living on the goodness and the mercy of the revelation of Jesus Christ in this last days, vindicating himself before his people. Now is now is a time of coming out and going in. Getting out of the those organizations and getting into Christ. are coming out and going in time for all true believers. Do you believe that? So therefore, you have no right by no minister fight by no pastor fight and you're not fighting for me at all. We don't have that here. All right. All right. James 4:8-10. Hear these words. Draw nigh to God and he will draw nigh to you. So if you stay where you are and you're not drawing nigh, he watching you too. All you watch one another. You watch him and he watching you. This is a order here. Do you accept this as a order? Draw nigh to God. Somebody tell you go by brother. Draw nigh to brother. I told him in the garden I said they s I said listen I'm not eating anybody today. So come closer. I said this minister is not going to eat anybody. I'm not that hungry. So you could come closer. You'd rather stay so far. You draw near. Now if you want to draw near to God, you talk to him. If you make an effort one step, you make one step, he make one step. You make another step, he make another step. Draw nigh unto me, I'll draw nigh unto you. If you stay where you are, you you stay where you are. All right, here we go. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners. Purify your hearts, ye double minded. Be afflicted and mourn and weep. Let your laughter be turned into mourning, your joy to heaviness. Humble yourselves in the sight of God. He shall lift you up. Listen to the amplified. Come close to God. He will come close to you. Recognize that you are sinners. Get your soiled hands clean. Realize that you have been disloyal, wavering individuals with divided interest. Purify your hearts of your spiritual adultery. Amen. You're supposed to be married to Christ, but you have an ex woman outside. You have a wife, but you have somebody in the closet and he's supposed to be dead. Do you see that? The old man, we supposed to kill him, you know, not bury him and or have him in the closet. Hey, come back out. Have a party tonight. You understand I'm saying? And well, you know, I went church this morning, so go back in the closet. I wear long dress because it's church and afterwards you bring out the old man. He went mini. So that's the one you escorting out with that man supposed to be buried. And a man only awaken dead. You seen any box there and you say if you if you go box say the man okay watch it that man not dead. You know is the man talk back to you in that box? He's not dead. When you talk to a dead man in a box, you're supposed to have no response. That's how God want us. No response. Somebody back at you. Yeah. Back back at them. Somebody cuss you. Yeah. C them back. You're still alive. When you're dead, no response. He open not his mouth. That is when we grow in. That is when we mature in because it's less of you and more of him. It's not an overnight thing. Is it Kentucky Fried Chicken? This is not frying and dropping in here. No, this is process. But Anthony struck something. He said, but and this is this is beautiful. If you want to bring forth fruit, you have to be willing to be pruned. It's not a vacuum cleaner God using. No, it's not getting the dust off of here. You know, it's a pruning knife. It cutting And you have to be willing to be cut. What's the what's the purpose behind the cutting? To produce more fruit. [Applause] God don't want to damage you and mash you up and like no. So it says here now amplified. He said as you watch as you journey near to God be deeply penitent and grieve even weep over your disloyalty. Let your laughter be turned to grief your mirth to dejection and heartfelt shame for your sins. Humble yourselves feeling very insignificant in the presence of the Lord and he will exalt you. He will lift you up and make your lives significant. Oh, this is beautiful this morning. Humble yourself. But Brandham said that usually when somebody get blessed they get puffed up. Be individual or church afterwards they feel on top of the mountain. They are it. And you remember that Nebuchadnezzar when he say even this what I have built when he said that God says seven years eat grass seven years nails God alone and when he catch back himself he said to bless God yes he come out eat foolishness even this that I have built you build what you you understand what I'm saying then he humbled himself and God come bless him all right let's go in John chapter 17:14 when I was studying this last night. This was such an amazing journey. I've known the scripture for so long. And Jesus is praying here. Listen to Jesus pray. I have given them thy word. Amen. And the world had hated them because they are not of the world. Amen. Even as I am not of the world. Amen. They haven't received the Holy Ghost yet. And look at this powerful prayer that Jesus is praying. I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from evil. So he's not taking asking for exit. Stop the world. I want to get off. He's not talking that kind of talk. He said keep them. Let them have be right here but keep them. Preserve them from evil. You hear what you have to pray for. It have evil. You know, that's why you have to pray for your children. You know, understand this. Your children might not be evil, but it have evil out there. You have to cover them. Pray for your husband. Pray for your wife. Pray for your family because there's attacks everywhere. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. We wrestled against flesh and blood. We in a battle this morning. You are sitting down by somebody you could see, but there are other forces at work. They are not of the world. They They are not converted yet. They're still in the Holy Ghost yet. Listen to what Jesus is praying. They are not of the world even as I am not of the world. Sanctify them through thy truth. He's talking about process. Now thy word is truth. As thou has sent me into the world, even so I have also sent them into the world. He considered as passed. He considers as done and they get the Holy Ghost yet. Let's continue. And for their sakes, hear the statement. I sanctify myself that they also might be sanctified to the truth. That is such a sublime statement. Jesus who could get a wife. Jesus who could do so much different things. He say I sanctify myself that they might also be sanctified through the truth. In other words, I am making a sacrifice to be holy unto God on their behalf that they too will be sanctified. What is he doing? Just as I am to the father, I want to be to the son. Give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Jesus went deeper. Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word. What's the purpose? That they all may be one. So the target or the destination or the bullseye is that we be one. Not just one vague one, but watch this. as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us, that the world may believe that thou has sent me. Hallelujah. So oneness with God brings evidence to the world that Jesus was sent. He is raised from the dead because we have a new life. And our life now give evidence that he is truly raised from the dead. We are not following a religion. We not following a man. We have been born again and we have been born and placed as righteous on the earth. Oh give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. That the all may be one as thou Father art in me and I in thee. That the ocean may be one in us. That the world may believe that thou has sent me. And the glory which thou has giest me I have given them that they may be one even as we are one. Amen. Then you go deeper. I in them, thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one, that the world may know that thou has sent me and has loved me as and and has loved them as thou has loved me. Oh God, he said, as you have loved them as you love me. The same love you expressed to me is what you have for them. These are my people. Oh, glory to God. These are my sons and daughters. How you feel this morning? How do you feel about this gospel this morning? How do you feel about this God that we serving this morning? Father, I will that they also whom thou has given me be with me. Remember what he brought him out to? He brought him unto himself. Jesus said, "Father, I will that they also whom thou has given me be with me, that where I am, that they may behold my glory which thou has given me, for thou lovest me before the foundation of the world." Give the Lord some praises. What a prayer. That's our Jesus praying. Oh, glory to God. That we be one. Oh, glory to God. That he going to be in us. We going to be in him. We will be abiding in him. You don't want to be in and out. In and out. You're in church today, you're out tomorrow. You're in, you're out. You're in, you're out. You don't want to be like that. You want to be like a pillar in the house of God. You want to be abiding in his. You want to be in that abiding glory. You want to be in that abiding presence that's in the inner veil where the glory never fail. The veil drop behind you and the world is cut off and you are sealed by the Holy Ghost. Oh, in the most holy place. Glory to God. One time Aaron forgot his rod inside of there and that rod bud and blossom and brought forth fruit. Where at? In the presence of God. And in his presence is where we going to produce fruit. And the devil trying to cut you off from presence. That's what sin does. That's what unbelief does. It cuts you off from presence. Oh, give the Lord some praise. Give the Lord some praises. But God want to bring you into presence. Hallelujah. Amen. So we said this before. The entire Bible is the revelation of God's mystery in Christ. The entire Bible, here we go, is an expression of one goal that God had. One purpose he wanted to achieve in the entire Bible. And all the acts of the believers in the Bible has been in type expressing what that great goal is. So we know Jesus when he had his resurrection ministry he appeared to his disciples and he expounded unto them in all scriptures the thing pertaining to himself. So Jesus here we go listen had a three and a half years public ministry with his disciples to everybody healing the sick raising the dead but when he rose from the dead it was no longer public. Amen. It was a private ministry to those believers to unveil the book of the seals of the Old Testament to reveal who he was, who he is and the prophecies concerning himself, not about them, not about the pope and Rome and what not himself because that is what the book was about. The book was about Christ. The book was about Jesus. So the Bible said he expounded to them all the scriptures concerning himself. And then he said, "These are the words which I spake unto you while I was yet with you, that all things must be fulfilled, which were written in the law of Moses and in the prophets and in the Psalms concerning me." And then he opened their understanding that they might understand the scriptures. Oh, glory to God. So now they know exactly who they are. They know who he is. They know what they are about. So when he said tiring the city of Jerusalem until you endure with power from high, they knew it was coming. They don't know when, but they know it's coming. Dynamics is coming. We don't know when, but it's coming. Power is coming. We don't know when, but it's coming. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. [Applause] Right now, America has about four or so B2 bombers over island in Asia. These bombers are called flying wings. These are stealth bombers. You can't pick them up. You can't see them, but they coming. They setting to start a whole war in the Middle East. The president of America say if Iran don't make a deal, they'd be bummed like never before. That man going and scratch a match and you don't know what going to explode and blow up. We are going through troubles times. What did Jesus say? When you shall hear wars, the end is not yet because nations shall rise against nation. There shall be wars and rumors of wars. There shall be earthquakes and pestilence but the end is not yet. He said this gospel, this gospel shall be preached and then shall the end come how much bombers they have. I much wars they have until we come to this place to loose this gospel and get them doom devils on the run. That'll wait. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. This gospel going to be preached. And the gospel is not a word only. It's not teaching. It's not unfolding a mystery. It's not a five hour teaching service. That's not the gospel we're talking about. The gospel is to manifest the gospel, to prove the power, to vindicate the word. Oh, glory to God. Preach the gospel to every creature. Preach it to the bulls. Oh, preach it to the bees. Every creature, give the Lord a shout. Preachers to the aposum. Preachers to the fish. Little fish. I give you back your life. Every creature. Little sister right. I give you to your two boys. Oh, give the Lord a shout. This gospel going to be preached. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Preach it to the maniac. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Preach it to the blind. Preach it to the halt. [Music] [Applause] Glory to God. Glory to God. This gospel have to be preached. Jesus went to the other side and cast out a thousand devils. He preached a man that nobody could hold. This gospel going to be preached. Devils are going to be cast out. The sick is going to be healed. The devil going to be raised up. The deaf going to hear. The blind going to see. This gospel will be preached. And the Lord himself went everywhere with them confirming the word with signs following. Could we give the Lord a shout in the house? You shout and praise him [Applause] tabernacle. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. us. You be foolish. You put your head in the sand and saying, you know, like a child behind the wall say nobody seeing me. Because you closing your eyes. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Open your eyes, you know. Everything is changing, you know. And if you don't change, change will change around you. But you can't stop change. You can't stop time. You don't hold time in your hands. You don't have time. We don't own time. Oh my. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So the first thing, first full of God's purpose, he wanted to reveal himself to the people. It's a tough thing because he's omnipotent. He's omniscient. Hallelujah. Like I said already, if our aunts could talk and our aunts have placard and protested and say, "Hey, you do wicked." And he watching up and telling me that ants and the ants are placard protesting. He got a whole bunch from the ants nest. A whole of them marching, marching, marching up and down, up and down. Protesting is the government of humans. One walk on the chief agitator. So at the end of the party you know and scatter you know that is how we are. So I just making a comparison we are to this omnipotent being. How do I reveal myself to these people that have fallen these people that are tuned to the senses feet taste smell touch. As we say in the beginning, the first man, Genesis man, God never talked about eating anything else. That man no boy to eat. He just tell that man have dominion. The spirit man Genesis 1, Genesis 2, he formed man out of the dust of the earth. He put the spirit man in this dust man. The man could talk now. The man have a body now. There's no man to the soil. The man could eat now. Then God talk about eating the fruit. Eat every tree because we have to go through the process to renew our bodies and mind everything else. He told the man that So to get further to deal with what's coming, God had to equip us. First he had to equip it with his word. What the prophet said, the secret is the word is in the bride. So God had to put the word first in you. Because when he tried to use the Pentecostal because they have no word, that's why they're sinning up to today because they reject the word and all they have this gifts. So the Pentecostal, they have nothing in them. They have $30,000 church and they still run a woman. 30,000 people members in the church. Money, car, everything else is still corrupt as ever. Because so afterwards, God said, "No, I'm not going to do that no more. I want character." I was sending a prophet to bring a word. And that word will bring you into trials and testings. And because character is not a gift, it's a victory. So what you go through is what produce the strength in you, the courage in you, the guts in you. Character is not a gift. You don't get a gift of character. You go through stuff and you get character. So when you see somebody with character, you know they went through hell and high waters. You know they went through stuff. So now God is not using individuals. He using the word in individuals and that word can't fail. That's why the bride can't fail because the word is what? You are not even the believer. The word in you is the believer. There is something in you that believe the word. You can't even explain it. Even if you're better than you know there's something about this word it connects to you. Let me say it to you good. He said you have not chosen me but I have chosen you. You say Lord I messed up you. I still chose you. So your messed up condition is stumbling. Oh God like I chose the wrong person. God is not in this business. You know God God not in that you know when God pick you pick you. Now when Moses went to Egyp when Moses went to Egypt spent 40 years get wife and children and he start getting furniture from courts or whatever it is buy furniture and house and what when God ready for Moses God send the pillar of fire up there Moses said going and see he thought it was a normal day you know when he come back and she expect him to take the plastic off you know when furniture get plastic off of it when she expect him to take plastic off of the furniture Moses said we're going to Egypt she said you got to be kidding when she looking for house preparation and house rearrangement and changing colors and the paint and whatnot. Moses said, "Eg Egypt, you going, you know, she had to pack up and leave her back, you know, there's a great commission here." You know, he said, "Where you going?" She said, "I'm going I'm going to take over." Anybody hearing that man talk like she a mad man. He was no mad man. He met God. And when you meet God, anything that could happen, all things are possible. You go past your limitations. You pass your hindrances. Glory to God. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] God going to bless you. Amen. Till the cup run over. Not only that, you know, let me prophesy over you. God going to be a table for you in the presence of your enemies. That is to set the table. Put the tablecloth. Put the napkins. Put the dishes. Put the fork. I forget on the right and the left. I know them. I didn't even know how to do that. Put the left on the right and put the fork on everything else. Put the cake. Put everything and pull the chair and let you sit down and let your enemies see you eat. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Give the Lord a shout in the house. David said, "If he prepares a table for me in the presence of my enemies, my cup, run it over, surely goodness and mercy shall follow me." And they follow it. They follow me wherever I go. Mercy goodness following me all the days of my life and I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Give the Lord the praises. This is satisfaction guaranteed. Oh, glory to God. This is blessed assurance. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Protection guaranteed. We see when you're a prime minister, you have certain things afforded to you because of your office. You have security. Parame just walk out the house like so. You think president just walking out there somebody kill him. You can't just walk out feel when you shop and take a taxi that not working. You have to have security. So because of who you are, you you do you do you know you have security. You think you ordinary you know you watch angels protecting you on the street from car accidents all kind of thing. God protecting you. Here's why. Here's why. The devil is not afraid of what you are normally. The devil's afraid of what you going to be. So he want to cut off you at the potential level because you a know sometime who you are. But God know who you are. That's why God call you and the devil not sure. That's why he asked Jesus if thou be if thou be if thou be if thou be. He's not sure about us. But we got to be know who we are. Oh glory to God. We got to know who we are and whose we are tonight. Give the Lord some praises. [Applause] Hallelujah. God's objective. So church is supposed to be a means by which people connect to God, not a means that people shut down in church and they meet God. All they meet is the pastor. Pastor playing God. That is troubling us. Say if you want to be friends with God, threw off his throne. You run up and sit on your throne playing God. You serping God's power and authority. And God says, "Leave people to posture. Let them take the Instagram pictures. Leave them right there." David and all their get problems. He say, "Lord, all these wicked prospering s." David say, "Have you," God say, "Have you considered the end? They're looking good now. They're looking sharp now." But where's the endgame of that? So God wanted to reveal himself because he couldn't do it as Jehovah, God who covered all space and time and eternity. it'll be too mysterious. So he loved fatherhood and therefore that's why he sent Christ so that Christ which is the word made flesh becomes the revelation of God. Amen. So this grace mystery which is this book the word actually become flesh. You know I was in church years ago and every time the pastor come in after a couple of months you learn a foundation. I was 17 18 at the time and in my mind I say how long is this foundation going to be laid when I when we start to build the building always every so often I'm laying a foundation I'm laying a foundation but we're going down maybe it's a very very deep foundation because all you hear is word word and I am looking for the word to be made flesh like that child with the lightning mother tell him God with you. Say, "Mommy, I want to sleep by you." Said, "When the lightning come," he said, "Don't worry, worry." God said, "I'll never leave, never forsake you." She said, "Mommy, when the lightning come and that thunder rolling so hard, I want God with some flesh on his You see the words from the parent telling the child, God is with you." The child getting frightened with lightning and thunder. He want God with flesh in it. He want mommy. That is legitimate. When Jesus come, God become tangible. So the woman with the blood issue when she touched the hem of his garment she was made whole God being made real that you could be touched sir he raised the dead he cast out devils God made real a question are we going to see that God made real again that's what we need to see you know look how Jesus handled one well he sent his disciples away you know the disciples couldn't handle I believe Jesus knew the disciples couldn't handle what he had to do so he came at the well, nothing to draw with cuz not was not a pipe you know you open pipe and get water. No, you had to come with a bucket draw it and pull it up. So he's sitting at the well because he have nothing to draw with. He waiting for the woman. Her name is on the book. She don't know. Right now she living a slack life, her name is on the book. He is the book. He has her name. He could call her out. I I don't know about you, but I feel a shout this morning. So when she comes at the well, he begin to speak to her. And then he get down to brass now. He want to go inside of her now in a spirit. He said go call your husband. Amen. And when she have none, she said you had five. The one you're living with is not yours. That's how truly. Then she started to talk religious talk. We know they say Jerusale is the place we ought to worship. And Jesus said, listen woman, the hour coming now is when the true worshippers, true worshippers, not them dead believers in the message about true worshippers now. Hitting home. I want to hear him. Not them dead people in your message. No, no, no. True worshippers will worship the father. That's relationship now. That's acknowledging he is your father. Not worshiping church. Worshiping the father in spirit and in truth. God sent the truth by a messenger. Then we have to get in the spirit to truly worship God. When Jesus finished with her, she ran. That is when it have effect upon you. You know, you can't walk home after that. You know, nah, you got to be excited after that. You know, you can't sit down dead after that. You know, you get activated. She ran and said, "Come see a man who told me all that I did. Isn't this the Christ?" Listen, that woman was free. That's why she ran. That's why she could testify. That's why she gave her testimony. She was free. And who does Solomon set free? Is free indeed. Are you free this morning? Oh, give the Lord some praises because God want you free. Hallelujah. Don't want it tied up and tangled up and oppressed. God want you with no liberty. Hallelujah. Amen. So the first purpose he had was to bring his people to reveal himself to them. That's why it was so terrible. They come out of Egypt, come to the Red Sea, come to the mountain. Moses going off to the Lord to talk about God. They seen the light on the mountain. And because they find Moses in too long, they say, "Aaron, Aaron, make us a god." Aaron say, "Well, you're crazy. What? Moses gone say Aaron we don't know if the man dead up there reason started going it's true you know look how long he gone they start to bring earrings and rings and bracelet and gold and gold and look what he make a calf a Egyptian golden calf the dancing carnival Al party, the drinking all the beers and the booze. When Moses come down, he talk. You want to know what is that? These people just leave Egypt. They come out of Egypt. But Egypt's still in them. How much people in the message? They only come out with a punch. They have not gone in. Amen. They come out and find theel in fellowships. Are you fellowshipping by this church and this tabernacle and this tabernacle and this tabernacle and this is tabernacle. But why don't you come into Christ? Because when you get into Christ, it doesn't matter what church you're in. Amen. Because when they shut the church down, you still have to be in Christ. Hallelujah. The stock market lost about $3 trillion trillion this week alone. Richest man in the world lost 12 billion. You can count that there a lot of zeros. But he's so rich that that's just a tip of the iceberg. But I always used to talk about the world economy has to break to bring on the new beast system. It will change. It's happening right before our eyes. Things are changing so fast. Is the pace at which things changing? You know, I had to ask the question, what about us? Are we moving too slow? What about the pace of the church supposed to be? Are you concerned? Are you burdened? Do you want to see this thing become a reality? Because the only way we could vindicate Malachi 4 is for this word to become flesh in us. Let me drop this bomb on you. The word was invisible until it became flesh. Amen. So all this mighty talk and people who think they're adopted and think there's this like some of them fellas and them who when co come this all the power they claim they have co put them out of business you know some of them died fighting you with the power they thought they had but yet but I'm talking about we are striving to enter the kingdom of god before these plague strike co was a down payment you know more of that coming more plagues are coming amen I'm not prophesying like if I'm prophesying in the air you know this is the reality he said we are looking for the manifestation of the sons of God that would stop cancer stop tumor stop the diseases that is coming remember when this co started out they had no inoc no vaccine had to fight up and hustle a vaccine and the vaccine all kind of crazy things are you don't know what but what coming that might be worse I'm going to say we go be the vaccine. The bride will have to have the power to deal with that. Could you imagine the next disease come only bride have power to deal with that in the name of Jesus. The power of God in the church shaking and rocking people lining outside because they want to be healed. They want to be delivered. They want to be free. Oh, give the Lord some praises. [Applause] of them say people are looking to die. Somebody night they looking a box. Nobody talks to you. They're dying. They getting old. Where my box? My box ready. Nobody talking that way. You want to live in. Oh my my my my my. So let if he abide in me, abide. Hallelujah. remain rested. The voice told John, the one upon whom you see the dove remain at, he's the Messiah. What does that mean? That dove could land on somebody and fly. Land on somebody because acting like a lamb at that time and all of a sudden wolf act up and the alarm take off. That's a temporary landing. Then that dove gave a temporary landing because he was behaving cool. But as soon as the girl say the cat do it so it p nice meow and somebody tell do it the other way no meow you know and when you act like that the dove take off but Jesus was the lamb and the dove remain that dove is love that dove is charity that dove is the holy spirit that dove is a person of Christ that dove is the holy the the the supreme power that go be controlled the cap of your life s that bond of perfectness charity that brides absolute that Rebecca's veil to cover your mind and thinking the other half of the Chinese ticket that is what that is about that dove to remain hallelujah no more up and down but remaining upon you wherever you walk is with you wherever you go is with you hallelujah if you go to hospital is with you I'll never leave you I'll never forsake you oh give the Lord some praises hallelujah hallelujah That's why they take cloth off of Paul's body because the anointing was upon Paul. And when he lay his hands upon those cloth, the anointing was upon there. You can't see the anointing, but the anointing is there. You can see the effect of the anointing. A woman take an anointed kurchchief and put it on a wheelchair and rest it upon her leg and walk out the wheelchair. The anointing on the wheelchair, it's the quickening power. You can't stay dead when that is around. Oh, give the Lord a shout. One time they threw a dead man in the grave of one of those brothers, Elijah, one of them. And when that dead man hit that body there, he raised back up again because the quicking power was in them bones. Oh, give the Lord a shout. You can't stop this glory. You can't stop this anointing. You can't stop this power. This belongs to the sons of God. The devil have no access to it. That's why he don't want you to get it. He could never get it. But you have an access to it. You have a right to it because that's what Jesus died for. He purchased you with his blood. He purchased every redemptive blessing belong to you. You have a right to your children. You have a right to claim your family. You have a right to healing. Oh, give the Lord some [Applause] praises. All my diabetes and my pressure and my headache. Forget that my children am I out. I know yours. I know your rights. My female condition, my this, my that, my problem, my problem. I had to live with it. Says who? Jesus. When he was about to go to deal with Lazarus, he said for I I prayed I glad for your sake that I am not there. Amen. He say he sleepeth. He say he's dead. When he go he's mourning carrying on. Jesus can activate himself. He know what he has to do. But he has to wait. And when that woman said Lord if you had been here my brother had not died but even now. Amen. When he said even now that tro is in a gear, where have you laid him? He's at a cry because he's a man that dead. He's feeling for him. Where have you laid him? He said, "But Lord, he stinkketh." Three days gone. He dead. She said, "Roll away the stone. He can't be roll like you want to see that dead body, a stinking buddy." If you say roll away the stone because something had to take place. You got say well where I'm waiting for the excavator. I'm waiting for the the truck the tow truck. to come and move it. You know what I mean? You got no lazy self there. Boy, wait. Somebody with muscles to come. She said, "Roll away the stone. Whatever you do, do that." She ran. Well, they said to push whoever helped, but they roll away the stone. He said, "Lazarus, come forth." Lazarus had no choice, you know. Lazarus G back and say, "I ain't coming." That's the power we talking about. Lazarus comfort. Wherever that soul was traveling, pull it back. Hallelujah. Big and anointed upon the body, heal it back. Restore it back. All he had around him was grave clothes. As Isaac say, he come jumping. So, come forth Lazarus. He's still tied up, but he coming out. You could be tied up this morning, but you're coming out. Come forth. You're coming out. Come on. Come on. Keep on jumping. We're going to take them clothes off of you. We're going to unwrap you. You're tied up. the tangler. But come on. Come on. You was dead, but you're coming. Give the Lord a shout in the house. Come on. [Music] [Applause] You know what Johnny Crew? They say when you want to get them elephant domesticated, you tie the elephant post and keep them right there. After they cut it, the elephant still think he tied. That's like Johnny Crow. Devil tie you and you feel you're right there and afterwards you feel you're circling around there around there. Somebody come this morning with a knife and cut you and you're still making circles. Johnny Cro, let's go south. Let's get out of here. So watch this now. I'm going to try to wrap up here now. So first God want to reveal himself. He's a healer. There's nobody sick. He's a father. There's no sons. He's a deliverer. There's nobody to deliver. This is the Garden of Eden setting there. He he have all these attributes in him and he cannot throw down man. He can't I'm fallen fallen now so I could do this thing. No, he didn't do that. When God spoke, let us make man, he was finished. Eve was not there yet. when he pulled the rib out of Adam and and introduced Eve as a byproduct of the man, a man with a womb, this woman, that is where the devil got an opportunity to to trick the system to to get at Adam. Adam fell. Adam failed. Not because Adam was deceived, but Adam love his wife and he went after his wife and they got kicked out the Garden of Eden. And through being kicked out, it opened up the avenue for God's attribute to be unfolded to redeem, to save, to heal, to deliver, to restore. All these things could now unfold. The devil is totally clueless. As far as the devil is concerned, it take out that son. It's over. We could reign on the earth now. That devil thinking that. So all those demons now looking for bodies that'll be born on the earth that they could jump in and use because the devil is mischievous. And that how do they say it? That spirit that move out of house looking for houses. The earth doesn't belong to him. Your body doesn't belong to him. You are the temple of the Holy Ghost. Amen. So this un I don't know the word for this unbodied spirit looking for bodies to influence and use. That's right. Spirits looking for homes, looking for houses that they could invade, that they could use, that they could take over. And the Holy Ghost is looking for bodies. He's looking for homes. is looking for lives that he could influence and he could take over. And just as the devil could use a man, God could use a man. Just as the devil could use a woman, God could use a woman. Hallelujah. Just as the devil could use this one and that one, God could use you. Could I hear a shout in the house? I'm talking about you now. I'm talking about nobody else. [Applause] Hallelujah. So the first thing was to reveal himself which he did through Jesus Christ. So Christ became the mystery of God revealed. The second thing was to have the preeminences in his body of believers that is his bride. What is the preeminence? The first place that's what the preeminencees really means. Before your husband is God, before your wife is God, before your job is God, before everything else, God first. Your family second and you last. You are not first. God first. You put him as king. You put him as the reign. That's why the David said, I would look onto the hills from when calling my help. My David was a God man. That's why God love him a man after my own heart. Oh, give the Lord some praises. David is the one that danced when he saw the ark coming down the road. Glory to God. He loved God. He loved the things of God. He loved the people of God. He loved the kingdom. That's what's the kind of man. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He was a visionary before he died. All the papers, all the money, all the all the vision there for the temple and so on like that with Solomon. Amen. God say he's a bloody man. You can't build that. You're a fighter. You're a warrior. I need a man who could compromise and make a negotiation and get things from other peoples and so on. Solomon have wisdom. He will handle that. Not you. Your son will handle that. God knew who could handle what. God know why he choose Paul. Because he was a learned man. Because he had to rightly divide the Old Testament. Oh, give the Lord some praises. He knew why he chose you. Whether you're educated or you're not educated, he chose you for a purpose. You have got to believe today there is some purpose behind your life. Your life cannot be in vain. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Glory to God. And I keep saying it, preaching it. I'll say it again. Time was given to fulfill purpose. Whatever time God allowed to you is for fulfill your purpose. Find that purpose. Find what God raised you up for and go out. Do it with all your might, with all your strength, with all your energy. Do it. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Wrap up here. Hallelujah. preeminences and third mystery to restore the kingdom to its right position as going back to Eve. He choose the bride knowing Eve would fall. Listen to this here now. before Christ, before everything else was on earth. You see this mystery that he chose the bride knowing Eve would fall from disbelieving the word, knowing that she would fall, but he would choose a bride that would not fall, that would hold to that word regardless of all the rest what the world has say about it. Now listen friends, I don't believe in blasting somebody and take out the light that your light shine. You got to do that. You don't have to be jealous of anyone. envious of anyone. Whatever somebody have shouldn't bother you. What you want to know is what is the will of God for your life. When Jesus wanted to ride on that donkey, he told them specifically go tell that man the master have need for that donkey. That means God put it in that man heart to release that donkey. If that man was different, you should date this donkey renting for you have money. Yeah, you understand what I'm saying? God knew exactly where that donkey was because the scripture says that the king cometh lowly upon that donkey. So God knew exactly the spirit of the man who had that donkey. Jesus said go to that house and tell that man the master need that donkey and Jesus saddled that donkey and start to sit down there and they hosana hosana and hosana. And when the scribe and Pharisees saw the kind of worship was going on there, they said, "Tell them, lower that noise. Turn down the volume." And Jesus said, "If they don't cry out, the rock's going to cry out. I ain't telling them to lower down no volume. Raise it. Hosana. Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. Messiah is on earth now." Oh, give the Lord a shout. For a terrorist Messiah is on earth now. He is here. Oh, glory to God. The Holy Ghost is here. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Watch those seas will be broke. The full team will come to plain view. Watch this. How the hour of the seven angel message. I'm going to close mission. Come on, please. All the mystery of God should be made known in that Elijah. In that Elijah. How that Christ is put out of the church, the son of God. How you did you get that? Where is Christ? Out the church. That's why say behold I stand up. They came out and they have big services. They kick him out and they have pastors and all the ministers but they boots him out because he's the word. Anytime they kick out the word is over. What Christ put out the church son of God. How he reveal a son of man again. How the church here we go is to be put in order. Amen. No denomination. Just absolutely. Are you ready? Amen. The word living in the individual. Hallelujah. Praise God. That is what it is. The word living in the individual. Not not what church you go to. Oh, you go to that tabernacle. You say, "Pastor, you Right. Right. Right." No, that's not the ID card. When the police stop you on the road and they pull you aside, this is driver's permit and insurance. Sometimes they say it with a smile, some say with a serious face. But you better have your driver's permit and insurance because they'll put a charge and give you a ticket. Driver's permit and insurance. You pull out Yeah. your driver's permit that has your picture on it that have your address on it. It have a number on it. That's your ID card. Well, this word living is your ID card. Not worth talking. You have plenty of that. That is living. That somebody explaining, well, you know, I forget my card home. I forget my card. that explain to the policeman put police put man on that he want to see it gay had an experience where police stop him ask for insurance and he was shooting him on the phone but I don't want to see on the phone I tell make sure you get a document paper you know that policeman walk away from him and say not on the phone don't show on phone he want the real material and next person come and see I favor now after that man walk away The next man come and say go ahead go ahead. That the favor we talking about. That's the people look out for. You see when you are under the grace of God, you get favor. You get key people come into your life. And the reason there are key people because they are keys. Don't bother with nobody on no keys. People with keys, people lock the door. See that man that come afterwards? That person had a key to tell them go. That's not the next police. Tell them just go ahead. We see we come to the airport sometime and I we have suitcase and whatnot. And the people in front they tell them go to the machine. Go to the machine, go to this one and what that I want to see us just go ahead know what inside gohead like the green light. I tell myself go they tell me go and I go and I go and I smile going out favor. [Music] Hallelujah. He shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of whatever he do going to prosper. God putting favor on your life. Let us see if we could wrap up here. Hallelujah. Skipping. All right. The life that was in the husk. Begin to play something. I was in a husk in the stalk. God is up in the seed. And the life that was in the stalk went on. One went to make the other. Justification went to make sanctification. Sanification made a way for the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the baptism of the Holy Ghost made a way for the Holy Ghost itself to come back in perfection and back to the word. So what God is saying is a process. These seven church ages is the process of the unfolding life of the seed. The seed go through processes. You go through processes. But when it comes to the top, it bear fruit at the top. Come on friends, come up to the top. Amen. The top is we have forgiveness. The top is we have brotherly kindness. The top is where fruit will step out. Because you have that spirit of forgiveness. As the question many times, why would God take a Holy Ghost fil man and give him an experience of condemning a woman and he said, I forgive her. I forgive you and you condemn her. And he could understand. You can't just go condemning people. You can't just go and exing people out. You don't know what God see in them. They may be in a condition now that don't mean that's a permanent state. Pull yourself together. Let's all stand. [Music] You are here moving in this place. I worship you. I worship you. You are [Music] here in display. I worship you. I worship you. All you are. Make a work of promise keeper. [Music] worker on his keeper like in the darkness. You are [Applause] here moving my Lord. I worship you. I worship you. God bless [Music] you. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You are turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you. You are here moving in this place. I worship [Applause] you. I worship you. We make a single. [Music] Oh pro [Music] keeper my God that is who you are he's a way [Music] maker Jesus my God that is who you are sing it this morning wake me Amazing. Oh yes Lord. Hallelujah. My God. Oh sing it this morning. Where you may go. [Music] [Applause] Jesus. My God. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. Oh, love is who you are. Joy is who? Peace is [Applause] who? Grace is who? Oh, love is who? Love is who you are. Joy is who you are. Peace is who you are. Grace is who you are. How many want the grace of God this morning? Love is who? Love is who. Oh, peace is who you are. Joy is who. Grace is [Music] who. Oh, as the music plays, just resent this morning. Just give him praise. Just give him praise. Close your eyes. Hallelujah. Will you just begin to praise him in your own way this morning? [Music] He's making a way right now. He's a way maker. Hallelujah. I don't care how low you are this morning. He's making a way. He wants to bring you onto himself this morning. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, raise your hands. Close your [Music] eyes. Oh, you took him this morning. Cry out before him this morning. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, glory to God. Oh, open your mouths and praise him. Praise him for your healing this morning. If you want a healing, begin to praise him. If you want deliverance, begin to praise him. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, [Music] Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. This is your time to cry out this morning. Oh yes, Lord. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. Somebody's crying, Lord. Somebody is crying, Lord. One person is desperate, Lord. Let it be you this morning. Oh, cry out unto him this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, [Music] Jesus. You are worthy of it all. Oh Lord, you're worthy of it all. Oh Lord, for from you, for from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy, Lord. You're worthy [Music] of worthy of it all. [Applause] [Music] You're for from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the gloryy. One more time. You're worthy. You're worthy of me. Sing [Music] oh from you [Music] are oh let's sing it one more Oh worthy of it all Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] from you are all [Music] things. You deserve the [Music] glory. Oh, praise him. Oh, son of in the [Music] high. Yes. Let the kingdom be lifted [Music] up. Oh, every eyes, every eye closed, every hand. Sing it this morning. I see. [Music] Oh, I [Music] love Oh Jesus. Yes, Lord. [Music] Oh, in the highest lift, lift it up. Oh, sing it again. Oh, oh, praise him this morning. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] the king. Let the king be lifted up. [Music] Just praise him this morning. Just praise him. Just praise him. Just take a moment to praise him this morning. Close your eyes. Raise your hands and praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. You're worthy of it all. Worthy of it all. Worthy. Worthy. You're worthy, Lord. Worthy, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, [Applause] Lord. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Somebody praise him. Some Just praise him. Just praise him this [Music] morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, blessed be your name, Lord. Blessed be your name, Lord Jesus. Oh, thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah, Lord Jesus. Oh, he wants to bring you unto himself. He wants to bring you unto himself this morning. Hallelujah, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah, [Music] Lord. Just one goal, one purpose God wanted to achieve was to bring you onto himself. Amen. How many you going to go all the way this morning to the Lord? Give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. You appreciate the Lord this morning. We may appreciate the sermon, God's servant. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just bow our heads and close our eyes. We want to ask the brothers to get ready and pick up the tithes and offering this morning. Glory to God. Heavenly Father, we pause at this time to pick up the tithes and offering all. We pray you bless it and sanctify it, Lord. And may it be used for your honor and your glory. Bless those that would give and provide for those who don't have at this time. We commit everything now into your hands in Jesus name with thanksgiving. Amen. And amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Brothers to come forward. Amen. Amen. This little light of mine. Praise God. Amen. Praise God. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Sing it. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Sing this little light of [Music] mine. Going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it let it shine. Sing hallelujah. Let it shine. Let it shine. I won't let Satan. I'm going to let it let it shine. I won't let I'm going to let it shine. Oh, sing. I won't let I'm going to let it shine. Let it let it shine. Oh, let it shine till Jesus come. Is that your testimony this morning? Glory. Oh, I'm going to let it let it shine. Sing. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it. Oh, this little light. Sing this little light of mine. Let it shine. Light of mine. I'm going to let it shine. Sing. Light of mine. Oh. Oh, let it let it. Turn around and tell somebody, "Oh, this little light of mine." Glory. Let it shine. Hallelujah. I'm going to let it shine. This is the light. Oh, praise God. Testify. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let it shine. Let Satan blow it up. I'm going to let it let it shine. I won't let Satan. Oh, I'm going to let it going to let it shine. I will let Satan I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. One more time. Shine it bright till Jesus come. I'm going to let it let it shine. Shine your light, too. Oh, I'm going to going to let it shine. Shine your light, too. Oh, yes, Lord. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, are you in the church triumphant? Are you the Savior's brand? Come and be. Amen. into the body and [Music] forever. Are you and all are you? Glory. Are you are you the Savior's? Hallelujah. Come. [Music] Oh, and forever more. Have you been baptized? Oh, have you been baptized into the baptized with the Holy Ghost? Baptize with the hope. There is but one way to enter in. There is but one way to enter just as they did on Pentecost. Just as they did on Pentecost. Are you in? Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. [Music] Glory. Nobody. Glory. [Music] There is but one church bride of body and into it we all baptized by the one true promise Holy Spirit though by the word we're all despised. Are you in sing you glory? Yes Lord. Glory. Yes Lord. Hallelujah. Come on. Oh yes. Oh glory. Send an [Music] invitation. Many thought that they were in the body till the Holy Ghost had come. When the word of God was open to them, they entered in and yet there is room. Oh, are you? Hallelujah. Glory. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. But there's room this morning. Thank you, Lord. There's room for you this morning. Glory. Rise into glory. Yes Lord for one more verse. When the bridegroom cometh, when the bridegroom comes, will you be ready and your vessel filled and bride. You will be among the foolish virgins. If you do not walk in the light, so are you. Somebody give him a shout this morning. Give him a praise. Give him a worship. Thank you, Lord. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Hallelujah. Oh, are you and are you lot of music? Hallelujah. Come and be baptized into the body. Oh, glory and for who are you and sing are you? Oh, glory to God. Blessed. Yes, Lord. Oh, come and be baptized into the Hallelujah. And just one more time. Give him a shoulder praise. Give him praise this morning. Give him a shoulder praise. He's worthy to be praised. Glory. Yes, Lord. Oh, come and be baptized into the body. Oh, and [Music] forever. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Give him praise. Give him praise. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Somebody just praise him. Praise him. Just praise him. Take a few minutes and praise him this morning. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. God bless you this morning. Amen. What a time in his presence. Amen. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. So before we close in prayer, there are two prayer requests this morning. Praise God. Thank you, Lord. Uh there's one from Brother Anthony O'Brien. Please pray for my son Ezra who's experiencing fever. Amen. and runny nose and also Ethan the baby uh with runny nose and rashes and so on. Also his daughter Eden with itching throat and coughing incessantly and his nephew Elijah with virus symptoms cold and cough. Amen. So the enemy wants to attack. Amen. But God is a healer this morning. Amen. And by his stripes they are already healed. Amen. Praise God. And we also want to remember coming from the Sunday school team and the ministry as well. Please pray for our juniors who will be writing sea exams on Thursday. So this Thursday coming right here is the sea exam for those in standard five. Ariana Joseph, Jeremiah Rodriguez, Jamaiah Mourn, and Lily Raper. Man, they will be writing the SA exam. So, we want to remember them in prayer for God's guidance as they write and for their success in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. And maybe you may might have a request on your heart this morning and you didn't get time to put it up, so you can raise your hands. Amen. As we pray this morning, Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. So, let's just bow our heads and close our eyes this morning. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. I can say amen. Amen. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are so grateful to have been here this morning. Lord, your word was rich and powerful and encouraging and strengthening, Father. Lord, wooing us to yourself, Lord. You called us to you, Father. Lord, not a church, Lord. Not a creed, not a belief, Lord, but to Christ. Father, that was your purpose. That was your mystery, Lord. Lord in Christ, Christ in the church and bringing us back to where we were, Lord, before the fall, Father, sons and daughters of God in dominion and authority, Father, glory. And Father, Lord Jesus, thank you for your servant this morning, Lord, who preach Lord the gospel of of life. Father, we pray anoint him and inspire him. Continue, Lord God, to hold him up, Lord, Lord, Father, and bless his wife and family. bless them with strength and health, Lord, and inspiration and Lord to guide and lead your people, Father, under the Holy Spirit. We pray for the entire ministry, Lord. Lord, we pray for every brother, every sister here, every home, every family, every individual, every visitor, Lord. May your Holy Spirit follow each and every one of us this morning, Father. And Lord, at this time, Father, we bring two prayer requests before you, Lord. one Lord from Rantney O'Brien for his family, the children Eden and Ethan and Ezra and Elijah. Lord, wherever they are, Lord, may the Holy Spirit visit them, Lord. Lord, you be in Jehovah, Rafa, the God that heals, Lord, may your healing virtue flow out, Lord, to that home right now, Lord, and pick them up and strengthen them, Father. May heal him Lord be ministered unto them this morning Father Lord and that will they will be able to rise up in perfect health. We thank you for the victory Lord on those four young persons Father we thank you for healing them Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Father. Thank you Lord Jesus for the healing father of those four young persons Lord. Lord that brother Anthony Lord would feel at ease Lord that they are much better father in Jesus name. Lord, we also bring the the four children and any other who may be online, Lord, who are writing the SA exam, Father, we pray that your hand of guidance and protection and leadership, oh God, and wisdom be upon them, Lord, as they write the exam, Lord, and may you bring back the things that they would have learned to their remembrance. And Lord, bring them to success, Father. We pray success upon those who are writing the SEA exam this morning on Thursday. May they be calm and settled and well prepared and well ready for that exam. We thank you for the victory in Jesus name. Praise God. Lord remember those that would have raised their hands for different conditions, different situations, Lord, healing or whatever it is. Father, Lord, you are a way maker this morning. Lord, you are a mighty healer, Lord. God, you are a strong deliverer, Lord Jesus. And father, Lord, every situation, Lord, we place it into your hands, Father. And Lord, may may your healing virtue and your and your mighty ministry minister unto them, Father, total and complete deliverance, total and complete healing. Father, we claim in the name of Jesus. Lord, we look forward, Lord, for the testimonies that would follow of God answering prayer. But you are a prayer answering God, Lord. And there is no failure in God this morning. That's the type of God we serve, Father. And we praise you and we worship you, Lord. Father, Lord, God, continue to bless your people, Father. Lord, uh remember the evening service, Lord, we commit it into your hands. And as the people would leave now, may you bless the meals that would have been prepared. Bless them in their feast, Lord, as they dine. And bring us back at the appointed time this evening. Oh God, teach us how to love you more. Teach us how to be dedicated and consecrated unto you. Teach us how to pray. Teach us how to love one another. Teach us how to treat one another right. Show us how to forgive. Show us how to stay humble, Father. Lord, even as your word said today, pride is of the devil, but humility is of God. Father, oh God, keep us, Lord, humble and sweet in spirit. Father, Lord, and that's the thunder that will shake the devil. a holy consecrated life living in sweetness unto you. Bless your people now. We ask it. Father, dismiss us with the choice of your blessings. Bless the visitors in our gate. We appreciate them. We love and appreciate them, Father. And we thank you, Lord, for them, Lord. Bless us now. We ask it in Jesus name with thanksgiving. Amen. And amen and amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. So, God bless you. May have a seat. Your seat. Have your seat as we just have a few announcements here. Amen. So, service continues this evening at 3 p.m. for the Lord's Supper. Amen. Most of you should be able to make it. Those who of you are here, it's 3:00 p.m. Wednesday service continues at 8:00 p.m. Live at the tabernacle. Friday, we have Zoom service, the prayer meeting on Friday. And on Sunday, back in the house of the Lord at 10 a.m. Amen. Maintenance team group three, please meet with brother Andy Henry today after the second service. And next week, group five is guarded to serve, which is brother Blackman's group. Amen. Praise the Lord. We want to remember the conventions, the international conventions that will be held in July this year. And in preparation for it, we want to encourage uh all to assist in whatever way you can. Amen. Whether it's in prayer with resources, your finan financial resources by way of pledges towards the convention so that it will be a success by God's grace. So the sisters are downstairs. Amen. So you can feel free to go ahead and make your pledges and submit to the sisters downstairs after service today. Also uh on Easter Sunday uh there will be a special service for f services Friday, Saturday, Sunday but on Easter Sunday morning after the service we will have our usual Easter Sunday brunch and registration has already started. It continues downstairs. Uh adults 85, children 5 to 10, $50 and under five the cost is free. All right. So you can continue your registration uh to this today after the service. Just a little insight on the menu on the brunch menu on Sunday the 20th of April. For breakfast we have we would have really wonderful breakfast here. Scrambled eggs, sauteed sausages, potato choker, pumpkin choker, bonan choker. Amen. Salt, fish, bull jaw, coconut bake, fried baked sada roti, sweet bread, banana bread. Right, good stuff. And also for lunch, we'll have festive rice, macaroni salad, fresh salad, barbecue chicken or fish and so on. Right, so really uh a wonderful menu prepared and we will have a wonderful time after service dining together and fellowshipping in in his presence. All right. So, registration has already begun. So, continue, Amen, to register downstairs after the service. Again, the price uh adults over $85. Children between the ages of 5 to 10, it's $50, but under five years, it's free of charge. All right. So, also we want to remember that there's a short Sunday school practice after church today. Okay. So immediately after church, Sunday schoolers are asked to remain upstairs for a short practice. Amen. Praise the Lord. Give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So I trust that you'll have a great time dining after service and we'll come back at 3 p.m. for the Lord's supper. Amen. One more time, just reach across and greet somebody. Amen. Appreciate somebody this morning. Shake someone's hand. Amen. God bless you. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Maybe D. Praise God. Bless the Lord. That's good to see you. Amen. Amen. So, ushers can get get ready to come forward. Good to see everyone this morning. God bless you. Go with his love and grace. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, worship your holy [Music] name. Sing like, oh my soul. Lord, I worship your holy name. Lord, I worship your holy name. Amen. God bless you. The rashkumas that are here today. We appreciate you coming. Welcome. And God bless you. Oh, I worship your holy name. Oh, sing. Oh my soul. Oh my soul Lord I worship your home name. Oh Lord I worship your [Music] home. Bless the Lord. Sing bless the Lord. Oh my soul. Oh my soul. I worship your holy name. Sing like never before. And oh my soul, Lord, I worship your hope. Leaning, oh Lord, I worship your hope. Lean in. And I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say yes to your will, Lord. I'll say yes. Where you lead me, I will go. I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say yes. Oh, I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say yes to your way, Lord. I'll say yes. Where you lead me, I will go. I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say yes. I'll say no. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music]
