################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - I Am Doing A Great Work And I Cannot Come Down - Bro. Isaac Ovid - Isaac Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-25
Title:   I Am Doing A Great Work And I Cannot Come Down - Bro. Isaac Ovid
Speaker: Isaac Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fI4_TZ1sSWY
========================================

That's all. [Music] He's there. He's there all the time. He's there. [Music] And when it seems like all your [Music] problems are there's [Music] All the time this morning he's there all the time. [Music] And when it seems like all your [Music] know this morning this morning there right now. He is there. Oh, he is Jehovah Sh. Hallelujah. He is there this morning. Oh, he's here right now. Oh, he's here with his people. Revive us, oh Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. And amen. Do you appreciate the Lord this morning? Are you happy to be in his presence? Amen. On this special Sunday, praise God. Amen. God expects Psalm verse 14 says, "The Lord is my strength and has become my salvation. The voice of rejoicing and salvation is in the tabernacles of the righteous. The right hand of the Lord doeth. The right hand of the Lord is exalted. The right hand of the Lord doeth. I shall not die but live. Declare the works of the Lord. The Lord have chasened me, but he had not given me over unto death. Open to me the gates of righteousness. I will go into them. I will praise the Lord. This gate of the Lord into which the righteous shall. I will praise thee for thou me and art become my salvation. The stone which the builders refuse is become the headstone of the court. This is the Lord's doing. It is marvelous in our eyes. This is the day that the which the Lord made. We will rejoice and be glad. God bless this morning. Worship him in pray. Don't you want that? Lift up your hands right now from your heart. unto [Music] him call upon his name this morning all our hearts and soul he is diligent to answer us when we call upon him this morning let us almighty God we thank you father surrender to your will this morning come Lord present ourselves that Lord we come broken and needy looking for you author and finisher of faith to complete the work you move in a mighty way father we are needy people father this Lord Lord you brought us from a mighty long way but we still have to go we pray that this morning will be a great turning Lord, it will be a great release, Lord, of your power and your spirit upon us, Lord Father. But we need your presence in this hour, Lord, in this most darkest of ages. We need the awesome power of God to repel the demons, Lord, and to do a work of deliverance in the lives and the hearts of your believing children this morning. We put our trust in you, Lord. Father, we know that you can do what you said you would do, Lord. Father, come and move in a mighty way. Bless your service this morning. Bless the songs as we will sing. Bless the worshipers that they would come into your house, Lord. Rend their hearts and not their garments. Lord, so that the presence of God would flow freely in here this morning. Casting down all imaginations, Lord, lifting up the name of Jesus. Father, may you anoint your speaker also this morning as he prepares himself, Father, to be used mightily of you, Father. May he have no thought but yours, Lord. No word of his but yours, Father, that you would put in his mouth, Lord, to speak, Lord, Father, that your spirit would be pleased to come and move upon it, Lord, and bring it alive and manifest it before the eyes of the people that all may know that you are the Lord, Lord, and that you We get glory out of this day, Father, and glory out of this service this morning. We yield all these things to you, Lord. We pray that you would come and have your own precious way in us, Lord. Anoint us and inspire us as we wait upon your father. Bless your people this morning. One more time on the internet bless them also in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Give him thanks. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you father. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Come Holy Spirit Holy Spirit. I need thee. Lift your hands I pray. Oh come with thy strength and thy power. Oh Lord. Oh come in thy own way. Oh, won't you come Holy Spirit? I need thee. Oh God, sweet spirit I pray. Oh God. Oh thren and thy power. Oh Lord. Oh come in. Oh, somebody lift your hand and say, "Come, come Lord. Come Holy Spirit. I need you." Oh, come sweet. I pray this morning. I pray this morning. Oh, you come in thy strength and thy power, oh Lord. Oh, hallelujah. In thy own way. Oh, one more time with all your heart. Sing it like him. Holy Spirit, come Lord. I need thee. I need the sweet spit I pray. Oh God, thy strength and thy power. Oh Lord come in. Oh now worship him in your way this morning. Oh lift up your hands and say come Holy Spirit. Come Lord Jesus. Oh come Lord come in thy strength. Come in thy power. Come in thine own gentle way. Come in thine own precious way. Precious Lord, take my hand. Oh, power. Oh Lord, come in. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. One more time. [Music] Come Holy Spirit. Oh, I come Holy Spirit come sweet and thy power. Oh Lord. Oh th way. Oh come with thy strength and thy power. [Music] Lord away praise this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come Lord Jesus. Thank you father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. We long to see his face. Why don't you turn your brother? Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Praise God. Amen. I am for the pro. I am for the prois land. [Music] Oh [Music] go for the prois land. Oh, I am for the prois land. [Music] and cast and where my lie. I am I am the promised land. I am promise. I am bound for the am praise this morning. Hallelujah. Oh god. I [Music] am glorious. Oh [Music] go to my father's house. Oh, to my father's house. Oh, to my father's house. Oh, come and go with me. To my father's house [Music] where my father's father's come and go with me. to my father's kingus in my father's house in my father's house there be no sickness There's my father's no Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. And glory. Oh yes, Lord. And one more time to my father's house and my father's house where there's in that city where And in that city over there where there's going [Music] Oh, tell me where in that city. Hallelujah. Glory. Give me praise. city. Oh, glorion over there. pump. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lift up your hands and worship him this morning. Lift your hands up. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Glory. Glory be to your name. Glory to your name this morning. Glory to your name this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We worship you Lord. We praise you father. You are the king of kings this morning. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hana let the king beana. [Music] Sing the king. [Music] Oh, I am the king. Come on and lift your voices. Lift your voices and [Music] say lift up. Oh God. [Music] One more time. [Music] Give the Lord a praise offering right now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let the king be lifted up. Sing the king be lifted Let the king bean one more time to the king. [Music] Give me praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh glory. Glory, glory. Thank you Jesus. Thank you [Music] father. I [Music] pray we'll all be ready for his return. Pray that we'll give our hearts so that we won't be playing church. I pray we'll all be ready. Be ready for his return. So that we won't be church. [Music] I pray we'll all be ready for his return. I pray your hands and say I pray I pray. [Music] [Music] church. I pray we'll all be ready for his return. One more time. I pray we'll all be ready. You got to be ready. for his return. I pray that we get our business at the gate. So yes, I pray along his return. Now you give the Lord a shout of praise right now. Let's pray. I pray you ready in heart, ready in mind, ready in spirit. Hallelujah. Glory. Yes, Lord. I need you, Lord. Make me ready, Lord. Make me ready today. Make me straight. Make my path. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I pray for his return. Pray that we'll give our hearts [Music] to [Music] church. Give him glory. Give him honor. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. up the mountain. Jerusalem is my home. The mountain Jerusalem is my home. Jerusalem is up the mountain. Oh, up the mountain. Oh, sing. Jerusalem is my home. Sing home. Jerusalem is my home. mountain singer is my home singer is my hope going Jerusalem. Oh, down the valley. Jerusalem is my home. Oh, the mountain. Jerusalem is my home. home. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Jerusalem. Hallelujah. Jerusalem is my hope. Jerusalem is my home sweet home. Jerusalem is my [Music] home. Oh, Jerusalem is my [Music] home. Jerusalem is my home. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Thank you, Lord. Oh, lift your hands and worship him this morning. Give him praise this morning. We want him to pour out his spirit. Give me a key for that song. Pour out your spirit upon me. Is that your desire today? is that your prayer in the house of the Lord that he pours out his spirit upon us. Lift your hands right now. Just worship him all over. Just begin to praise him right now. Just begin to bless his name. Just going to thank him. Call upon him. Hallelujah. while he is near. Let the wicked forsake his way. Oh, let them call upon the Lord and he shall answer with deliverance, with healing, with power, with restoration, with anointing, with presence, with angelic visitation. He shall enter into your hearts today. Pour out your [Music] sing. I need your spit. Oh, I need your spit. I need [Music] your spirit. Hallelujah. Lift your hands and ask your spirit. Pour out the spirit. Pour out Praise him. Hallelujah. Glory. Pour out your spirit. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Pour out. Pour out your spirit. Pour out the Oh Lord, I love you. Lord, I' love you [Music] forever. I will love you. I will love you forever and follow the [Music] followed hostility. You drank the cup of the father. [Music] Gracious heavenly father is something. There are many people who are init this morning by your voice, by your grace, by your mercy, by your love. Lord, you brought us here to hear from you, Lord. Lord, as we come into this service, Lord, we pray that you would touch every heart, touch every life, touch every father, every mother, every son, every daughter, the young, the old may understand that we're living in, Father. Lord, we are in dangerous times, but you are more than able to break every chain. You are more than able to break every shackle. You are more than able to restore. You are more than able to bind up the brokenhearted, Lord, to heal the sick in our midst, Lord, the weary, those that have lost their way. Lost the burden, those that have been run over by the enemy. Father, we come today, Father, to Lord, the banner of love, Father, looking for you to do something special. this morning. Can we give the Lord a hand of praise? I just have one portion. of chapter 6. We need to pass enemies. Let us meet together in one of the villages of mess. Why should I I am doing a great work. years ago. condition. Speaking of leadership, talkingers leadership and if you move and you're not moving under the leadership of the leadership of the spirit. You will get into trouble and there's some trouble you can get out of there's some trouble you cannot get out of which is why it is so important when we were He was not a priest. He was not a prophet. He was not a king. He was not a soldier. He was not a deacon. He was not a politician. He was not find some of these points in the service. this morning. The entire church service of deliverance and deliverance is just by thinking most of our problems come from the way we think the way we think of oursitut number Amen. Amen. And if you are following, you get in trouble. I have to have your own relationship to know how to follow. And if you are following a move, a friend, a friend, an associate, even church, you can end up in trouble because you can be following the wrong leaders in whatever we are in because we have a direct relationship with God and being led by the spirit allows you to stand alone because you can't be standing alone and be a follower to stand alone to take in a decision that might be contrary to some people say amen. We're going to have a conversation this morning because at the end of this journey I want us to understand that we are under attack and the devil is not going to sit down and allow you to overach and how the enemy will do it and do it this way and do it that way. And if this doesn't work, he come at you in this way. And if this doesn't work, he'll come at you with one objective to get you to recl. If he can't kill you, he tried to throw you into sickness. If he can't get you in, he deceive you, make you feel like you're all right. If he can't do that, he'll distract you. And all of that is inhered by words which if it's one thing we're going to leave here this morning saying I am doing a great work and I cannot come down. What I'm about is too important for me to stop now. I am doing a great work and I cannot come down. There has been too much work put into this for me to not working now. I'm doing a great work and I cannot come down. Don't call me today because I'm doing a great work and I cannot come down. Don't call me on Sunday for whatever you want to do because I'm doing a great work and I cannot come down. Don't call me for family gathering on Sunday morning because I'm doing a great work and I cannot come down. Don't disturb me in my prayer meeting because I'm doing a great work. and I cannot cannot come down. Don't don't try to distract me. Don't try to interrupt me. Don't try to dissuade me. Don't present something attractive to me because I'm doing a great work. It's an important work. There's never been a work like this work. I'm doing a great work and I cannot I refuse I cannot come down. I refuse to come down. We've been building upon faith and virtue and knowledge and I'm building something. I'm doing a great work and I cannot come down. Brick upon brick, we are building something. Can the church say you see where I'm going this morning? This family was hard to build. I'm doing a great work and I cannot come down. I can't leave a post yet. I can't step away from my post of duty. What I'm doing is too important. My lives are depending on it. My family is depending on it. Brother Brham is depending on it. The saints who died and went on, they cannot be made perfect. I'm doing a great work and I cannot come down. I can't stop now. I can't give up praying now. I can't stop worshiping now. I can't stop building now. I can't stop fighting now. I can't walk away now. I cannot give up now. I'm doing a great work and I cannot I cannot come. We will get back to this because it's in context but I want to rewind the tape a bit to talk about because all of us in our roles in our lives in our situations have to become like repeating these things so that we can be established. Jesus's defense against the enemy was the power. His defense was it written. It is written. It is also written. Without power, you could defeat the enemy. If you could stand on the ground of the word because the word is more than powerful enough to defeat the devil any place under any condition. But if you don't know the word, then what will your defense be in your heart? The Holy Ghost comes to give you power. Until that time comes, we have to be able to defend our homes, defend our families, defend our lives, defend our bodies. By his stripes, I am healed that it is written. You have to call upon what he put on your Bible tells us one of my friends. I asked them He's not witness. wall of Jerusalem. He saw the death of his people, the death of the defense of Jerusalem. In other words, there is pray. Just trouble in trouble. Financaffected tears upon We live in a world where people left it. When I message. There's no burden for the world. There's no time to destroy people out. While Jerusalem was in trouble, one man is praying fast. We find one person begin to let that air children. He put himself and my father's house very kept norm I was there. These are thy servants. great to the prayer of thy servants and the pray of thy servants. I pray thee circumstances. This was not You should never be sad. You should never be down. You should never be upset. You're not supposed to be there consequences. Yes, you have troubles. How can I be happy? One brother is in trouble. If one sister one family in the body is in trouble. So the first resping. He hates it when you hear somebody appearing. The moment there's a rumor that God is about to do something about your brother or sister The first situation that is The problem of this age is came up to the prophetship that you don't hear me. You got to know that you want change. You got to know that healing issan. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Prayer moves. Prayer changes things. You want a deliverance and respond to that blesset of the hear this Somebody help me this morning. May God touch the fathers in the house. May he touch the daughters in the house. May he touch the sons in the house. We are seeking the welfare of the walls broken down, but we don't want to leave them down. The enemy has done all he could do, but it's time to rebuild. It's time to resto everything. We take him back. God is going to raise up some seated was not a soldier but he had a burden was not a priest but he had a burden was not a prophet but he had a burden just a burden in the house who captures a burden a burden a burden for lost soul A burden for revival, a burden to rebuild, a burden to heal, a burden to see families restored, a burden to see the sick heal, a burden to see the devils cast out, a burden to see a revival. burden to see a spiritfilled church. Lord, we have enough sick people in here that need healing, catch a burden this morning that by the end of this service, every sick person in our midst of praise. Hallelujah. Satanry also we are here to make a church and make a revival. What has been broken down must be rebuilt. Behold our Elijah the prophet of the Lord of the fathers. It's a time to rebuild to restore to establish to build up into the statue of a perfect man. church. We're not going to sit down and hear that this brother is in trouble and let him stay in trouble. No, we're going to catch a burden this morning. We're going to catch a burden. Where do we need to go? What do we need to do? I want to encourage you. He left with material. He had such a testimony on his job that the king said, "Whatever you need, take it." You had such a testimony in his bless. God used a pagan enemy to deliver the wood. everything. You know the Bible says what is yours until you have the character to handle what is yours. learned everything. So God knows when he work. So now he has built into the system for you to get. In other words, the owner is you. for the kingdom of the walls of Jerusalem, for the bridge, for the gate that's going down, for the walls that are broken down. Here it is. Hallelujah. Jesus. Have you come to church? Have you come to church prepared to answer that if Jesus was a knock on your shoulder this morning and say whatever you ask for, you're going to have it. Do you know what will change your home? Do you know what change your family? Do you know what change your financial situation? You've got to know because you ask. That's the miss. Anybody say this? There you have it. Watch I hope you want this. Lord, please. understand what's better for you on this side of promotion from man. Nehemiah is a Jew. Hallelujah. Anybody? before the king. But here it is. This is about something. It's not about how we live in church. pressure compromise. Anybody with me this morning? This was not a build situation. reaction. Please keep for us. I'm going to hope you Liberals. 4 is an animal. I'm going to spoke What about what kind of what kind of What is that? verse build was too important. The work was too great. The world was too important. began to be very mocking to now fighting the war without you. And our third the enemy trying out. But I sh to declare in the world. This work is too handicep This work is too important. This work is too important. We have got to rebuild the wall. We have got to rebuild what was broken. Hallelujah. Afid people were concerned. fighters coming and fight for your brethren. If you don't want to fight for your brethren, your sons and your daughters, your wives, and your houses, I'm giving you a reason to fight. Fight or die. Fight or die. I giving you a reason to fight. If you don't want to fight for yourself, fight for your brethren. Fight for your sons and your daughters and your wives and your houses. And the church say amen. The enemy tried to stop us with anger. He couldn't do it. He tried to mock us to stop the work. We didn't do it. He's trying to attack us to kill us. Let's stand up and fight. And the Bible says, "And it came to pass when our enemies heard that it was known to us." In other words, the enemy was hoping that we didn't know they were coming. When the enemy he knew what was about to happen and we prepared ourselves for war. Hallelujah. And God had brought their north. In other words, they had a plan to take us out. But God let us know. You don't hear me. Just like when Elsa, the prophet Elphicight, you don't hear me. The enemy doesn't stand a chance because they are more for us. Every time they try to attack the children of Israel, Elmen's devices stand a chance. He cannot this way. He cannot attack us. This way he finished this morning. Our swords are in our hands. You don't hear me. I want you to understand you're too weak. You can't do it. You can't make it. And here it comes down. Let's go and kill them when they're sleeping. And tell everybody whatever go with your sword. Be on point. Don't be ignorant. If he see the sound of the trumpet, look for your brother. Look for your sister. Come together and fight together. The enemy doesn't stand a chance. When our ene return to the wall. Everyone seeks the rulers all the houses. We are soldiers. We are warriors. We are fighting for our families. We are fighting for healing. We are fighting backsiders. We are fighting for those that are trapped in the world. The enemy thinks he has them. But when we put this wall, he cannot come in. Understand that the wall is to protect us. The wall is our defense. The wall is our separation. everything. But after Sunday, they did something about it. Oh, come on now. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Come on, Sister. Come on, brother. Let's close the preaches. Come on, brother. Let's close the preaches. Come on, brother Thompson. Let's close the brides. Every day there's a higher brick. There's a brick being added brick by brick. The en brick by brick. Every is one less space for the enemy to move. We are going to cut him off today. We going to stop him today. We're going to finish the work today. Some of you What is a preach? In other words, the wall, we cannot protect you. But if you're behind the wall, we fight. We have the towers. We have soldiers on the wall. There are men who will not duty to watch the enemy. And when you wake up in the morning, there's a different group that get into position to watch out for the enemy. There's safety in Jerusalem. There's comfort in Jerusalem. You don't hear me. Anybody in the house? Everyone neither neither I nor my brevants nor the men which followed me. None of us uniform. uniform. I'm in my uniform on a Sunday because you don't hear me when I go to work on Tuesday or uniform. realized at all. What can I try? Please. Hallelujah. [Music] Imagine your cousin to your worldly friend. You have lost your appetite for the things of the world. The war was attempt to kill it before it finished. All of this has failed. Enemy knows us together. The enemy Send me. This is not the most diplomatic moment. I'm not accepting. I am doing a distracted call when I have church. I cannot work. You may not see it. You may not understand it. You may not like it. But I'm doing a great work. And I cannot It's notice I'm trying to distract was a plant. So it was What is it? You have destroyed a Your actions behavior when you spend time reflect That's good. Every single one of us Africa. What people successful Facebook born. Not every good work. What is your finent that there are some people when they remember the mother of Johnesley did a great purpose. And if you do not know your You will spend your time. You cannot achieve anything. This is a call to action for the church. You cannot make a church. That is not something that happens organically. It is even a great understand. because he wanted to situation. What is your excuse? You have to know you are doing a great asal. I am doing a great work. It's a wake up call to all of us. What is happening in my home is too important. All over the place again. people to Jesus Christ. Do you know what they told Jesus? So you are There's something called As Christians, everything looks resist. the people in our lives. You have to be strong enough and I cannot formotion to be looking up. for your redemption right now. You Eak. I am strong. Great work is expressed as masterpiece of good work. That's why I said consistently all the people that's whyist $6. Jesus. Father operation. I don't think messages afterward. So after it is reported among kill We know prophets. Jerusalem. And now assassin every attack. They all All these things Let us be together. Who is there? But he promised. Therefore, he should be people. At the end of the day, This is the greatest message ever since the time of Jesus Son of man's greater himself works. cut everything away from you. You need to be relentless and focus on what God wants. One day we hear you have kept the blessed church cannot In fact, church The great work of contending for the great work of a great church is worship That's a great tempity. That's a great church. That's a great amnotes. That's a great the person I used to be. I'm not what I'm supposed to be. I'm doing a great work and I cannot come to a great backslide. I'm going to make it my business to serve God with my renewed in my work and I cannot taugh us halfway. A contin of Jesus, a Hebrews 11. system. I can't character. We should be more like Son of a bishop. You're a son of a bishop. There's something about you that speaks to your mission. You miss church. responsibility. We are doing a great work. There must be a ministry of perfection that is on the earth that brings on the resurrection. Isn't that a great church? But there must be dynamics and mechanics together. I am doing a great work and I cannot preach anything. We cannot preach anything. I might fall. I might make mistakes, but God help me. I'm doing a great but I'm doing a great work. I'm doing a great work. I'm part of a great part of the work. I'm doing a great work and I cannot There's a story told in itle understood. Whe to pray, whe as a musician, whe are We refuse to come. We refuse to recount this great work includes seven page. I'm waiting for the thunders to their voices because I can't come down now. There's a power that now is coming in. I'm doing a great work and we are almost finished. to our 52 days. The work started when the prophet left. But when the prophet left, the angel didn't leave. The angel was here all along directing our steps all the way from the east, from the west, from the north, from the south. He is our Nehemiah. He is our director. He is the captain of the host. He didn't have to go this knew it was a great work and he couldn't come down and abandon it but stood Father, it is finished. The devil was finished. It was too late. He stayed there. He didn't come down. He stood there. He didn't come down. He stood there. life. Holy Ghost was released that we could be called in 2025. It is an option to come down to hear. He chose the price that I was pay toon himself. He carried it upon himself. New York. Are you sauce. So much Go into Is Every single person. I'm going to show you a better way. Climb up. Climb up. Heavenly Father, Lord, we have spent time around your word of God today. Lord, a bit of a conversation, Bible study and encouragement to your church. Lord, to look at this thing that we have studied a few times before, but to look at it now to understand the gravity of the situation. Lord, there are different needs in the house, but Lord, all of us at some point or the other have been guilty of stepping away from our many of us have stepped down into things that we're not supposed to be. But Lord, this morning we want to be renewed, restored. We want to rededicate our lives to realize the greatness of the world. If there's a backslide in our midst, Father, may be a turning point for them. Someone who's been struggling, Lord, may today be a turning point for them. May you break every chain, break every shackle, break every hindrance, and may we, Lord, make this our pledge that we are doing a great work and we cannot come back. Lord, may you be with your children today. Father, may your Holy Ghost Lord do something powerful and special with your people in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. [Music] in the morning. When I give in the morning in the morning when I rise in the morning when I give me give me Jesus. Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me all this world. Give me Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have this world. Give me Oh, hallelujah. And when I'm on alone. Yes. When I'm all alone. And when I'm all alone, give me. One more time. Oh, when I'm all alone. And when I'm all alone. Oh yes. When I'm all alone. And when I'm all alone, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me [Music] Jesus. Give me. Oh, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Give me Jesus. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Lift your hands and worship him right now. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give me Jesus. You can have everything else you give me your presence. Give me your power. Give me your spirit. Give me your anointing. Oh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. Oh, you can have all this world. Give me Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Oh, you can have all this world. Oh, give me one more time. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jes. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, can we praise him? Can we praise him right now? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I just [Music] can't come too far from wherever. And And I lift your hand and say just can't give up now. I've come too far from where I've started. Nobody said nobody. Oh no. The road would be easy. And I don't believe he brought me this far to leave me. Oh, lift your hands right now and say, "Oh, I don't feel no waste time." Oh, I come too far. Come too far from where I [Music] started. This road would be easy. And I don't believe he's brought me this far. Oh, I just can't with all your heart. Say just don't give up now. [Music] Nobody but I don't believe Jesus [Music] oh one more time so [Music] good now I won't start the road, but I don't. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, don't give up this day. Hallelujah. Oh, today don't you give up. Don't give up the work. What he started in you, he is able to complete it this morning. Oh, nobody said hallelujah. Hallelujah. He brought [Music] me follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning. So turning I have decided I have decided follow Jes. Oh I have I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back the cross before me and the world behind me. No turning back. No turning. No turning back. The cross. The cross before me and the world behind me. No turning back. No turn. Oh hallelujah. Oh none go with me yet still I follow. No turning back. Oh this morning no turn back. Oh n yet still I Jesus. Oh [Music] no. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, decide today to follow Jesus. Oh, my father work you and I work. You are sent to complete his work. Oh, finish the mission. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. One more time. Oh, I have [Music] decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning. No turning back. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. My cross I'll carry till I see Jesus. No turning. Hallelujah. Oh no turn. With all your heart you say my cross. My cross I'll car till I see Jesus. No turn back. No turn back. No turn back. No turning back. No turning back. No turning [Laughter] back. Oh, let us praise him today. Oh, do you love the world? The Lord. Do you love his word this morning? How many appreciate Reverend Isaac over this morning and the message? I am doing a great work and I cannot come down. Oh, up whatever, backward. Let us stay the course until the work is complete. Oh, can we praise him today? Amen. What a time in his presence. Do you appreciate the Lord and his grace towards us? Amen. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. What a timeless presence. I want to sing that song. We must spreading the word of God as we walk along the way. Amen. Let us stay in the morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Heavenly Father, Lord, once more to bring before your feet tithes and the offerings of the people. We bring it into the house today Lord with grateful hearts for when we had meat you had provided for us Lord when we were low you brought us up. We are grateful Lord with this gratefulness in our hearts we bring to your house this morning your friends the t of your people we pray that you bless it Lord for the gospel bless your people as they give from their hearts you provide for them Lord you the God that sees all things may you bless according to the abundance of their offering today we just commit everything into their hands we pray that you have your precious way with your people ministry God and all that for the kingdom of God. Bless these things we pray in Jesus name. We must and spread the word of God as we walk along the way. We must witness to everyone we meet. And with every song we sing, oh, we must tell them about the soon coming. Oh, we must work. Oh, it is. Oh, yes. Spreading the word of God as we walk along the way. Oh, we must witness to we sing. Oh, we must tell them about the soon coming. Oh, let us we must work. Oh, while his name spread of God as we walk along the way, we must witness to everyone we meet. And with every song we sing, oh, we must tell them the soon king. Oh, one more time. Sing it. We must work. Oh, his spread the word of God. As we walk along the way, we must witness to everyone we meet and every song we sing. Oh, we must tell them about the soon coming. Oh, and he's the light of the world. When he shines, when he shines his light upon us, he removes the powers of darkness. And he's the light of the world. Oh, Jesus is the light of the world. Oh, one more time. He's the light. He's the glory of the world. He shines his shines upon us of darkness and he's the light of the world. Oh, Jesus is the light of the world. Give the Lord one more shout of praise. Hallelujah. Jesus is the answer. for the world today. There's no other way. Jesus is the answer for the world [Music] today. Jesus is the way this morning. If you have a question in the corners of your mind and traces of discouragement, things you cannot find. Oh, reflections of your past seem to face you. If there's one thing I do know is that Jesus is the way. Oh Jesus is the answer world. There's no other Jesus is the way Jesus is the world. of your mind and traces of discouragement. Things you can't find things you cannot reflection reflection of your past seem to face you seem to face you. There's one thing I know. Jesus is the way. Tell everyone [Music] somebodyus. Jesus is the way. Jesus is the [Music] world. Jesus is the one more time. Jesus Jesus is the world. Jesus is [Music] the Jesus is the world. Oh, just worship the Lord right now as a music. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory Jesus is the only wayless. [Music] Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Glorus glory is there. Jesus Jesus is the way. Jesus is the answer. Jesus is the world. There's no other Jesus. Jesus is [Music] the Lord above him. Oh, glory to God. That's what we're here for. One more time. Jesus. Jesus is the answer. My God. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] This message is about Jesus. Oh, the love of Jesus. Oh man. Oh, glory. Please. Let's push the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, we love you Jesus. We love you Lord. Raise your hand and just wave and worship under him. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. You are being set free. You are being delivered. The anointing breaks the yoke. May God heal you. May God free you. May God anoint you. May God baptize you. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh my. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Your chains are falling. Your chains are falling. Your chains are falling. Oh God, you are going free. Even now, the Holy Spirit is here. Oh, glory to God. He's the answer to your problem. He's the answer to your situation. Oh, blessed be of the Lord.
