################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-23 - True Worship By Revelation - Bro. Anthony O'Brien - Anthony OBrien.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-23
Title:    True Worship By Revelation - Bro. Anthony O'Brien
Speaker:  Anthony OBrien
Church:   Headstone Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 59m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbgRD3u_G-4
========================================

Description:
This message was given on Sunday 23rd  March 2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Thank you, Lord. Just raise your hands and close your eyes and give him praise in your own way this morning. Forget who's next to you. Oh, he deserves all the glory, all the praise this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Blessed be the wonderful name of the Lord. Father, we praise you this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We love you, Lord. We praise you, Lord Jesus. Oh, you are our everything this morning, Lord. Let's forget about ourselves and concentrate on him this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Oh, you are everything, Lord. You are all in all, Lord Jesus. Come Holy Spirit, I need thee. Come Holy Spirit, sweet spirit, I pray. Come in your strength. Come in your power. Come in your own gentle way this morning. Oh, come and meet every need. Come and heal the sick. Come and raise the dead. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come in your word this morning, Lord. We invite your presence this morning. Thank you, Jesus. I need thee. Come, sweet spirit. Oh come sweet spirit I pray. Come in your strength. Come in thy strength and thy power. Oh Lord. Oh come in thine own gent way. Oh, come Holy Spirit. I need you this morning. Sing. Raise your hands. Close your eyes. Yes, Lord. Oh, make it a prayer this morning. Hallelujah. Sweet spirit, I pray. Oh Lord, the strength and thy power. Oh Lord, oh God in thy own. Oh, sing it again. Come, sweet spirit. Come, Holy Spirit, come. Holy Spirit, I [Music] need is that your prayer this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Yes, Father. Come in thy strength, thy strength and thy power. in. Oh, can we sing it just one more time with all your heart? Come, Holy Spirit, say come. [Music] Oh, God. Sweet spirit I pray. Oh, say God is thy strength and thy power, oh Lord, in thine own way. Oh, praise him this morning. Praise him. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, praise your wonderful name. Praise the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. God bless you this morning. God richly bless you. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Amen. Good to see everyone. Amen. This morning. Praise God. Amen. And let's just turn to our Bibles to Psalms 34:es 1-4. Amen. Amen. Psalms 34:es [Music] 1-4. Amen. How many love the Lord this morning? Praise God. Amen. I will bless the Lord at all times. His praise shall continually be in my mouth. My soul shall make a boast in the Lord. The humble shall hear thereof and be glad. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and let us exalt his name together. I sought the Lord and he heard me and delivered me from all my fears. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Blessed be the name of the Lord. We worship you this morning. Amen. Let's just bow our heads, close our eyes. Amen. I want to welcome his presence this morning. Praise God. Heavenly Father, Lord, we deem it such an honor, such a great privilege this morning to be in your house, Lord. And we come to forget about ourselves this morning, Lord. Forget forgetting who's next to us even even right now, Lord. Forgetting what we left at home, the bills, or whatever it is, Father, how we feel, Lord. Forgetting ourselves. We just come to focus upon you this morning, Father. And Lord God, may your holy, your sweet Holy Spirit come even now, Lord. Lord, and bathe upon your people, bruise upon your people this morning. Pour out your spirit upon every brother, every sister here this morning, Lord. Father, Lord, we wait upon you, Lord Jesus. We wait unreservedly. We wait with our whole hearts this morning, Father. Lord, come and fill and refill this morning, Father. Lord, raise up the downtrodden, Lord. Those that are weak and weary, Lord, strengthen them this morning, Father. Lord, physically and spiritually, however it is, Lord. Lord, do something special for your people, Lord. Meet every need, Father. And Lord God, the worshippers. May the May you anoint each and every worshipper this morning to worship in spirit and in truth, Father. and Lord to bring the glory down. When the praises go up, the blessings come down, the glory come down, the power come down, Father. Lord, and may lives be changed this morning, Father. Lord, we pray you bless your servant as he would come, Lord. Hide him behind Calvar's cross and use him mighty for your honor and your glory, Lord, that your people could be blessed in a special way this morning, Father. Lord God, bless the musicians, Lord, the technicians, each and every officer, Lord, the elders, the deacons, Lord, everyone. Lord, we just place everything into your hands this morning. Come and have your perfect way. May everything be done in decency and in order order, Lord, that you could have your perfect way and all the honor and all the glory would go back to you. Bless this day, we ask it for this is the day that the Lord has made. We will rejoice and be glad in it. We thank you, Lord. We are we are here with thanksgiving in our hearts Lord. We are here with joy unspeakable and full of glory. Father Lord we just bless you this morning. Have your perfect will. We pray in Jesus name with thanksgiving. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise one more time. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Amen. Good to see everyone here this morning. Just greet somebody. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We shall see the king. Amen. Praise God. Glory. See [Music] us. Oh, we shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king when he comes. He is coming in power. Sing we shall see the king. Oh, sing it. We shall see the king. Hallelujah. Oh, we shall see the king ready. He is coming in power. Hallelujah. We shall. There's a blessed time that's coming. There's a blessing time that's coming. Coming soon. Maybe evening, morning. It may be evening morning. All right. The wedding of the bride for the United with the groom. United with the fruit and we shall see the hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, are you living for that day? Glory. Yes, Lord. He is coming and power. We shall see. Glory. Ready. Are you ready? Should the savior call today? Should the savior would Jesus say well done of your way? Would Jesus say well done? My home is for the pure. Oh my home is for the pure. The vile can never stay. We shall glory God. Sing we shall see. Sing. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, say we shall go. Oh, he has commanding power. Hallelujah. We shall. Oh, we shall see this morning. Oh my brother, are you ready? Oh my brother, for the call to come your savior, king of kings. To come your savior, king and lord. The kingdom of this world, the kingdom shall soon before him fall. Oh, but we shall see. Oh, the kingdom of this world is going to fall. Praise God. We shall see. Sing. We shall see. Hallelujah. We shout. Hallelujah. We shout. Oh god. Yes. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. We shout. Oh, glory to God. Give him praise. Give him praise this morning. Sing [Music] him. Oh, somebody praise him. Somebody praise him. Oh, close your eyes. Raise your hands and praise him this morning. Oh yes Lord. Thank you Jesus. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah Jesus. Glory. One more time. We shall see Jesus singing. Hallelujah. Oh glory. We shout. God. [Music] Yes. Oh, glory. Oh, the blessed hour. Sing and we shout. Oh, one more time. Just praise him. Just praise him. Just praise him. All over the world. The spirit is moving all over the world as the prophet said it would be. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's a mighty Oh, they're coming. Oh, Jesus is coming by. Hallelujah. Oh, all over the world. The spirit. Oh, made a spirit move this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, as the prophet said it would be. Hallelujah. Oh, of the coming of the Lord as us deep down in my heart saying deep glory spirit. Oh hallelujah. Prophet said it with me. Hallelujah. Deep down in my heart there's a mighty revelation. Oh glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Without the music, deep down. Hallelujah. Come on. Sounds good this morning. Deep. Oh, as a prophet. Hallelujah. Deep. Oh, there's a mighty. Oh, a seventh revelation. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Just praise him this morning. Just praise him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, praise him. Give him praise. Give him [Music] praise. He paid the debt. He did not. Oh, I owe a debt. I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. Christ Jesus paid the debt that I could never pay. He paid a debt he did not owe. I owe the debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song of amazing grace. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never. Oh, sing it one more time. He paid a debt he did not owe. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Glory. Oh, to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. Hallelujah. Christ Jesus. Oh, it sounds good. One more time. He paid the debt. He paid the debt. Oh yes, Lord. Hallelujah. someone to wash my sins away. And now I Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Christ Jesus. Oh, somebody praise him this morning. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, thank you, Lord. Thank you for what you've done for us this morning, Lord. Oh, we bless your name, Lord Jesus. Oh, we magnify your name, Lord. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, glory. Glory to God. Glory to God. Just clap your hand. Oh yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, glory. Just praise him a little bit this morning. This is your praise service. Just praise him. Worship him. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, glory to God. Oh, smile. Just praise him. Just stamp your feet. Just worship him in your own way this morning. Just love the Lord this morning. Hallelujah. Glory. paid a debt that I could never pay. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Make me home. Make me home. Please restore my soul. Let make me home. Here's my heart. Here's my heart. There's my [Music] soul. Please restore. Please restore my soul and make me home. Oh, raise your hands. Make me whole. Make me make me whole. Oh Lord, please restore my soul and make me whole. Here's my heart. Oh yes, Lord. Offer your sacrifice this morning. Present yourself a living sacrifice this morning. Restore my soul and make me whole. Make me whole. Make me whole again. Make me whole. Oh Lord, please restore my soul and make make me whole. Yes, my heart. Oh Jesus. Oh yes Lord is restored. my soul. I make you say it. I want to be more like you, Jesus. I want to be more like you. Want to be a vessel. I want to be a vessel used by you. I want to be more like you. Oh, sing it. I want to be more more of you, Jesus. I want to be more of you. Is that your heart's desire this morning? I want to be a messenger by you. Want to be [Music] all of Close your eyes. Raise your hands this morning. You talk to your God this morning in song with all your heart this morning. That's what he came here for. Don't look around. You press into him this morning. [Music] Say singing out. What a [Music] me Jesus. Oh. Oh Lord. Oh Jesus. [Music] to be a vessel used by Jesus. Jesus. Sing it one more time. Oh, hallelujah. With all your heart sing. Oh. Oh. With all the music. Sing Jes. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] What a [Music] bee you talking this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord. Hallelujah. Jesus. You cry out to him this morning. You cry out to the Lord. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. [Applause] [Music] Lord, I am so needy, Lord. So needy of you. I am so needy, [Music] Lord, to be more like you. Share all my rights. Share all in this world of sin. In this world, I am so needy, Lord. [Music] I am so needy, Lord. Make me pure with it. Oh, is that your prayer this morning? Sing it again. Sing it from deeper than this morning. Oh, hallelujah. So needy, Lord. So needy. Oh, may the Holy Spirit fill us this morning. Fill each and every professor, Lord. Oh, empty out this morning that he can fill you up. Oh, to be [Music] more. Oh, [Music] sher in this world. Oh, we are not of this world. Oh, sh all your eyes away. I am. I am. I am so needy, Lord. Oh, can we sing it just one more time and meet it with all your heart? Oh, I am so needy. Oh, I am so needy. Oh, [Music] Jesus. So needy of you, Lord. So needy, Lord. Oh yes Lord Jesus to be born. Oh yes Lord Jesus share all mine in this world. Oh, I'm so needy, [Music] Lord. Needy, need it, Lord. Need it, Lord. Oh, yes, [Music] Lord. Oh, and make me more like thee. [Music] Jesus name. Oh glory like thee. Oh glory your love like filled with love. Your love oh and make me more. Make me more like with all your hearts. Make me more. They drink [Music] beyond and give me up. Oh, that is with your love. Oh, and Make me more. Oh, one more time as we sing it this morning. Make me more. Sing [Music] Jesus. Yes, [Music] Lord. Hallelujah. Lord. Oh, sing me a heart that is fil. Oh yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Glory to God. Oh, now you just praise him this morning. One more time. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. He deserves all the glory this morning. Just raise your hands. Close your eyes and praise him. Yes Lord [Music] Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah Lord Jesus. Oh yes [Music] Lord. Oh Jesus. Yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah Jesus. Hallelujah Lord. Oh yes Lord God. Yes Lord Jesus. Thank you Father. Oh yes Lord. Make me more. Make me more like thee. Go and give me a heart that is filled with your [Music] love. Oh mighty. Amen. That's your heart desire this morning. Oh, clap your hands. Clap your hands. Give him praise. Across the bridge there's no more sorrow. Across the there's no more pain. The sun will across the river. Oh, and we'll never be up. Oh, clap your hands this morning. Oh, sorrow across the bridge. Hallelujah. Oh, the sun will across the river. Oh, and [Music] we across the bridge, across the [Music] Oh, somebody shout, somebody praise him. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are not of this world. Praise God. Goodbye world. Good morning. Glory. Hallelujah. And we'll never be young. Okay. Goodbye world. Goodbye world. I stay. Oh, goodbye. I'll stay no longer with you. I made up my mind the rest of my life. I made up mine. Oh, good words. Say goodbye. How many feel that way this morning? You let the devil hear you this morning? Glory. Thank you, Jesus. I made up my mind. Hallelujah. Oh, I made up my mind. Goodbye, world. Goodbye. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, oh, born again. Born, born, born again. Hallelujah. Born, happy, happy with this one. Oh, sing born. Thank God I'm born again. Hallelujah. Born of the spirit born of the water spirit and the blood. Hallelujah. Born of the water spirit. Glory. Spirit. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. of the water of spirit in the blood. Thank God. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, born again. Thank God I'm born. Born, born, born again. Thank God. Oh, born again. Thank God I'm born again. Oh, hallelujah. Born, born again. Thank God. Oh, and sing it. I am under the rock. Oh, and the rock is higher. Jehovah me. I need I am. Oh, I am under. Oh. Hallelujah. I am. Oh, one more. I am under. Oh, and the rock is holding. Hallelujah. I am under the rock. Oh, this morning. Oh Lord. Oh Lord. Hallelujah. Oh. Hallelujah. Oh, I am. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Jesus name. So sweet. Emmanuel and me. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus name so sweet. Oh Emmanuel name. Oh Jesus name so sweet. Emmanuel so oh Jesus name. So sweet. One more time. Goodbye world. Oh goodbye world. Oh I stay no longer with you. A goodbye pleasure of sin. I stay no longer with you. I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can we praise him this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, what an atmosphere this morning. We feel the power of God. We feel the presence of God in this place. All we want to do is cast down our crowns and worship him. Worship Christ our Lord. Oh, hallelujah. How many thankful this morning? How many grateful today? He brought me through too much for me not to praise him this morning. When I look back, it was all Jesus. And that's the reason I praise him this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Well, you feel good this morning. Amen. It feels good to feel the vibrations of God's praises in the house of the Lord. Amen. I know you brought your praise with you. There's an atmosphere in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Praise God. The people are bringing their revival with them. Amen. Praise God. Certainly appreciate Brother Steven in the song service this morning. Appreciate the Lord. Thank you so much musicians. Amen. Thank you worshippers for taking up your position this morning. And uh we feel God's presence. We're so thankful. Amen. So as you switch over now to the word portion of the service. Um I'd like to invite your attention to the reading of the word. And we just have two small portions of scriptures we'd like to uh indulge in this morning. So I have St. John chapter 4 and I also have Revelation chapter 19 and verse 10. Amen. For scripture reading. Amen. Amen. Welcome one and all one more time. God bless you. It's a privilege to be in his house this morning. St. John chapter 4. Uh we'd like to read from two verses there. St. John 4:23 says, "But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth. For the Father seeketh such to worship him. God is a spirit, and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." Amen. And turning over now to Revelation chapter 19, one verse there, verse 10. Right? And it says, "And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me, see thou doeth not. I am of thy fellow servant and of thy brethren that have the testimony of Jesus. Worship God. For the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy." Amen. May God add blessing to the reading of his word. Let us bow our heads. Dear God, we are thankful this morning Lord for Lord breath Lord for sunshine. We're thankful for this new day that you have given us Lord. This is the day that you have made and we will rejoice and be glad in it this morning. We come to praise you and worship you this morning and thank you for your goodness. Lord, we come now to the word portion of the service. Lord, we pray that your spirit would come in a special way, Lord, and sweep over our souls. Uh we are needy people this morning. Uh we need your presence, Lord. We need your spirit to go with us, Lord. Uh we can't do it alone. So, Father, we recognize how little we are. Lord, we just pray that your presence would come and may you, Lord, bring understanding to the word, Lord, that your people might be able to enter in this morning, uh, and begin to be uplifted by it, Lord Jesus, uh, by the work of the word in their hearts and lives this morning, dear God. Bless your people, Lord, as we, as we look to you now, uh, for you to, uh, bless the scriptures in your own sweet way. May your presence come and confirm your word with signs, wonders, and miracles. take me out of the way this out of the way this morning and uh uh have your way in the presence of God here among these people. Lord, may you just uh minister in your own way this morning. We pray and ask it in Jesus Christ's precious name. Amen. And amen. You may have your seats. Praise God. Amen. Well, it's good to be in his presence and we thank God to be here this morning. Amen. So, I have a title this morning uh for little service today. It is called True Worship by Revelation. True worship by Revelation. And um I've really been inspired by what God has been sharing with us and revealing to us throughout these past services. And we feel like God wants to take us on a level higher. And um so my core intent this morning is to talk about worship because I believe God wants to release power upon the church in the last day. And worship is going to precede the baptism of the Holy Ghost. So if you're looking for the Holy Ghost this morning, we have to get into a kind of a worship that God could receive so that his spirit could come down because it can't come down on dry. We've got to create an atmosphere for the Holy Spirit to come and dwell among us and do the things that he promised to do among his people in the last days. So my objective of this message today, I like to start with my objective so we know where we're going. The objective of our message today is to show the connection between worship and revelation. We want to explore this this connection uh between worship and revelation. Uh because without divine revelation then our worship is turned away. It's turned away from the original objective of God which is the true object of worship which is supposed to be God. Uh but if we don't have a true revelation then we are worshiping something else. Amen. If we don't have a true interpretation or understanding of what we are doing, then it it skews our worship and it turns it into something else. Uh that's why Jesus said in vain but in vain do they worship me. Teaching for doctrines the commandments of men. In other words, when the true revelation of the word of God is replaced by some other interpretation of God's word, it points our worship in the wrong direction. Amen. And that's why God's word doesn't need an interpretation. He is his own interpreter and he will interpret his own word. Uh because most of the time if all of the time I should say when we get into the middle we try to interpret God's word it always gets messed up. That's right. Uh because we ourselves are messed up and we are filtering God's word through our own ideas and our own opinions through our messy selves. But when we get a divine interpretation, hallelujah, when we get a clear truth from God, then that we can worship on that. Hallelujah. Then it's what we do next comes out of a genuine understanding of what God has shown to us. What God has revealed to us. Isn't that right? And in every age, God has revealed something that helps point God's people towards the truth. And it points their worship in the right direction. Isn't that right? And we believe today that God has revealed the truth through a prophet that helps point our worship this morning in the right direction. Oh, we know who we worship. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. And Yahweh come now is when the true worshippers will worship the father in spirit and in truth. Isn't that right? And this was the whole battle in the beginning. We always talk about in the beginning when God created the angels and everything else that was there, the devil was there also. And he had an issue with this worship thing. He wanted the worship for himself. He wanted to be worshiped. He wanted to be exalted just like God was exalted. But he couldn't just randomly make people worship him. He couldn't just randomly force them to worship him. So the first thing he had to do was to attack the word. The first thing he had to do was to attack the true interpretation of God so that he could point the worship in a different direction because all of the worship was going to God. And so in order to affect that, he had to affect the word first. He had to affect the truess of what was taking place first. And then when that got misconstrued, then he was now able to move the worship in the direction or bend it to his will uh and point it obviously to himself. Because if you're not worshiping God, then you're worshiping something else. If you're not worshiping the Jehovah, the the the one, the creator, then you're worshiping something else. Maybe you're worshiping his creation and not the creator. Let's get back to the creator this morning. Let's get back to the giftgiver this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Because he's the one uh under whose divine will we are following. Isn't that right? So, he wanted to worship. He wanted the worship and the only way to get it was to attack the word. So, when he attacked it, it turns the worship away from God. That's right. And it turn it towards the interpret the new interpretation. That's right. Or or or the person who's giving the new interpretation, which of course in this uh scenario was the devil. But Michael fought and the dragon fought. Amen. It was his interpretation versus the true interpretation. And guess who won? The true interpretation won. And we kicked the devil out of heaven. Amen. Amen. And he fell as lightning upon the earth. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So we worship God this morning because our names are written in heaven because our names are written up there and we did not receive the devil's lie but we received the truth. We stood with the truth. We resisted the devil and we withtood amen the forces of evil. Amen. Brother Gideon. Amen. Just Wednesday night, he was talking about uh uh stand and withstand. And when you have a true revelation, the gates of hell may come against it, but it will never prevail. It gives you the power to withstand the attack of the enemy on any ground he comes upon. You are clothed with the word of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Clothed with the armor of God. Hallelujah. Isn't that right? So, we want to talk about worship this morning. So, this is just a gentle reminder to you. Nothing we're going to say this morning is is new or or or something like uh you know like a brand new thing. Yeah. These are things we know already. But I pray that God would make it a fresh to you this morning that uh we understand why we come in here. Because the devil is on a rampage and he's trying to attack individuals and we have to know where we're standing at in order to resist the attack in order to come out victorious. Isn't that right? So worship just like revelation is an individual affair. That's good. You could only truly worship God based on your measure of faith and how much has been revealed to you personally. Worship is not a random event. Worship is not something we just uh feel like doing because we have nothing else to do. It is not a filler material. Worship is is not random. Worship is intentional. Amen. There's an intent behind it. We intended to wake up this morning. We intended to put on our clothes. We intended to let the devil know whose side we are on. We intended to come in here with a purpose in our heart to praise God, to worship God, to tell the devil which side we are on. We intended to lift up his name and make it glorious. That that's our intention this morning. Our intention is to defy Satan. Our intention is to defy the armies of the of the of of Satan. Isn't that right? Our intention is to lift up the name of Jesus. That's our intention this morning. We didn't get up this morning randomly, but something woke us up this morning. That's his spirit calling us, beckoning us, wooing us to his presence, drawing us into himself. Oh, hallelujah. You didn't do that on your own, but God woke you up this morning and put a faith in your soul. God passed you through the valley, passed you through the test, passed you through dark shadows because he knew that the fate that was inside your soul would stand the test anyhow and that you would come out victorious. that you would see the purpose of God in the midst of your sorrow, in the midst of your pain, in the midst of your circumstance, in the midst of the broken glass, you can see the purpose of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. And I love that thought that brother Gideon over brought on Wednesday. He was talking about true soldiers. coming into the army of the living God to be dressed in this whole armor of God. And I love it. Praise God. Because that's the attitude we have to have. That's right. To endure hardship as a good soldier, testing, and trials because we understand that it's meant for our shaping. Isn't that right? And I had the privilege to have a conversation with men who were in the army because I'm not in the army myself. So I had to hear what these brothers testimony was about. And one of them was saying that if you could last at least one or two months in the army then you could do the whole thing. He said because the first mission of the army is to break you. They know that. That's why they bring you in. They shave your head. They give you clothes to wear. You can't wear your mama's clothes. You can't wear what you want to wear. You got to wear what we tell you to wear. You got to run where we tell you to run. You got to stand where we tell you to stand. And you got to keep on running. Keep on standing until we give you a different instruction. But he said the main purpose of it is to break you. They have to break you in order to build you up. They have to break you in order to make you the way they want you. They have to break you. Every soldier is broken. Every soldier comes to a point. They hit a wall where they break down, where their mental breaks down, where their physical breaks down, they take away medicines from them. They take away vitamins from them because their body have to run on just pure energy until they break down. They know this. Each one of them. That's why you have to pass through medical. You can't come in the army with heart murmurss and respiratory issues. They tell you go home. You're not fit for this academy. Because if you're coming in, you have to go be able to run the whole nine. You have to be able to go where we tell you to go. Run where we tell you to run. Oh, there can't be no hindrances to this because the idea is to break you down so that they could build you up. And then when they begin to build you up, the training changes. It changes from do push-ups and run and jump here and do this. Then it changes. Then they say, "This is how you hold a gun. This is how you use a grenade. This is how you dress. This is how you survive the wilderness. This is how to build a tent. This is how to dress. This is how to clothe yourself. The training changes from running around what it would look like randomly. Then it begins to train because now begin to fine-tune you because at the end of the six-mon period, you're coming out a soldier. At the end of the training session, you have to come out a soldier. And when God is finished with us, we are coming out soldiers. But God has finished running us through all the trials, all the pain, all the torment of soul. You come out a sier in the army of God. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Somebody say amen. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. You must be able to face the devil anywhere, any time, any place, under any condition. Oh, you can fight and you can still win. You can win with a toothpick because you are trained to defeat the enemy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. So it's not a random event. Stuff that you are going through. Hallelujah. It's not random. There's an intent behind all of your experiences to bring you into this mindset, this this mind of Christ, this understanding. Isn't that right? So we got up with one thing on our minds this morning. Our mind is stayed on Jesus. Isn't that right? David said, "One thing have I desired, now and that will I seek after that I may dwell in the house of the Lord forever to behold the beauty of the Lord to inquire in his in his temple." We're here to inquire this morning. If you have a question on your heart, Brother Brandham says there's an answer in here for every question that you will ever have in this world or world to come. Hallelujah. Isn't that right? God has the answers this morning. He said, "Amen." Isn't that right? So when certain Greeks came up at the feast, they said to him, "Sers, we would see Jesus." Isn't that right? When the wise men traveled from afar, they came into Jerusalem to worship. They started making some noise. They started causing some stir in what was dead Jerusalem at the time because they were not looking for anything. They were they were humrum. They were about their regular business, about their regular show when these men from the east came and interrupted the program of whatever was going on, the siesta, the sleep time that was happening in Jerusalem. They they interrupted all of that and they said, "We are looking for a messiah. We have seen his star in the east. We have come to worship him. We have seen something that has stirred our hearts. It is not a random event. It is not haphazard. But Lord, worship is directed at someone or worship is directed somewhere. That star brought us here and we are here to worship this morning. How have you come this morning? Have you come randomly or have you seen something in the word that woke your soul up this morning and you said unto yourself, "Sir, we would see Jesus. I know that there's a promise for me this morning. I know he promised the Holy Ghost. He promised to deliver. He promised to restore. He promised to make a way. And my worship is directing in the direction of that revelation this morning. That is how I came this morning. I came to cause something to happen based on what I've seen, based on what we've heard, based on what God has revealed to us. The things that are secret belong unto God. But if God ever reveals anything, that thing belongs to you this morning. Oh, it is not a secret anymore, but it is revealed. And the purpose of its revealing is to give it to you, to empower you, to encourage you, to give you a vision, and show you what you are to possess. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. and your worship what you are expecting to happen. Because in spite of how you feel, you worship. Therefore, worship is not a feeling. Worship is not an emotion. Worship is not something that just comes out of the sky like like airwick. No, no, no, no. Worship comes out of a divine revelation from God. You know within yourself why you put on your shoes this morning. Oh h you know why you put on your clothes this morning. You know, hallelujah. Hallelujah. That the devil could get all but he can't get those elect. Oh hallel whose names are written in the lamb's book of life because the beast shall deceive all that is upon the earth. All shall worship the beast except those names that are written in the lamb's book of life. Oh, don't worship God because they have power. Oh, hallelujah. That's the reason that we came in here this morning. Because if your name is there, then the inheritance is there also. If your name is there, then you have a possession. With your name on it, you have a possession this morning with your name on it. The Holy Ghost is mine. Joy is mine. Peace is mine. Love is mine. Anointing is mine. Presence is mine. Spirit is mine. Everything he died for. Belongs to me this morning. I'm here to get it. Oh, Satan, get out of my way. Oh, somebody praise him this morning. I feel the Holy Ghost. Oh, wants to sweep in here today and baptize you with the fire of God. Oh, hallelujah. We had enough of church. May the angel of God sweep in here and may he touch you. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Brother Batiste. Oh, hallelujah. Hey, point your worship this morning in the right direction so that we could truly worship God in spirit and in truth this morning. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Glory. Amen. Hallelujah. To worship is to honor. It is to show reverence. Reverence to a divine being means you recognize that there is a divine being. that he is here this morning to meet our needs. And your worship recognizes that he is here. Your worship says to the devil that he is here. Your your your worship says to your own human body that he is here. He's here to to touch me. He's here to heal my condition. He's here to fix what I can't fix. He's here to restore what I can't do on my own. He is here to move in a way that only he can do. Oh hallelujah. I recognize him. I see him. Oh, and because I see him. I want to worship him. I want to honor him. I want to make him high and lifted up. I want to push him up up above all other circumstance. cuz he deserves it. He is above all things. All things he he exists. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. To show show reverence to a divine being to show reverence to a supernatural power. Lay ourselves prostrate before the Lord. Many men when they encountered this mighty presence fell as one dead. Amen. They were almost unconscious. They they couldn't even res move because they were stunned by the presence of God. Brother Brandham said, "We know the blessings of God." But we don't know the power of God. When the power of God hits you, Brother Brandham said days after he is still feeling the effects of that power. He's still feeling the effects of that presence. And that's the kind of presence we want to affect us this morning. so that it doesn't just last on Sunday, but but days after you're still feeling the effects of his presence, it lingers. It stays with you. Never leaves you. Never forsakes you. He wants to go with you wherever you go. He promised it'll be that way. cuz I genuinely believe that God's desire is for the church of the living God in the last days to live in the spirit to walk in the spirit to operate in the spirit. We we are too fleshly still. We too carnal still. We need some of that greenness baked out and burnt out in that hot July sun so that we could come into maturity. Bake out all of our greenness, all the stuff that that makes us respond to things. Hallelujah. Help us to die out to ourselves. Die out to what we think. Die out of how we feel so that the light of Christ could shine through you without any hindrances unfiltered by anything else or that we have in us. Amen. Oh my. Let me time myself here. Amen. So we know a lot about worship. But if we ask a question, what is worship? A few first thoughts would come to mind. Isn't that right? Some people think about singing. They say singing is worship. Some people might say shouting unto the Lord. Some people might say music is worship. Isn't that right? Lifting our hands uh and rejoicing in the Lord. And while all these things are attributes of worship, the truth is worship is a lot deeper than that. People know about worship. But what does it really mean? When we worship, we acknowledge. We acknowledge the Lord. Isn't that right? We are honoring him. We are making him feel welcome. Proverbs 3, trust in the Lord with all thine heart and lean not unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him and he shall direct thy paths. It says in all thy ways. Not just on a Sunday when you raise your hand, but also on a Monday when you start your car. Acknowledge God. When you walk into the bank, acknowledge God when you go out to carry the trash. Acknowledge God. When you come home at night and you lay your head on your pillow and you think about all he has accomplished for you today, acknowledge God in all your ways. And the Bible says he shall direct thy paths. So therefore, worship is not just on one day, but it's on all the days and in all thy ways. Acknowledge him. Isn't that right? Worship requires a sacrifice. Isn't that right? After man fell in the Garden of Eden, God drove man and woman out from the garden. That's right. And then later down we see Cain and Abel with their offspring and it come to a point where they had to worship. Yes sir. And they had to bring a sacrifice. Isn't that right? Revelation. By revelation they had to bring their own. They weren't told what to bring. That's right. They had to bring what their interpretation was of who this God was that they had heard about in Eden because they weren't there when when things were created. So they had to bring their their interpretation of this. Oh, isn't that right? And so Cain and Abel, they brought an offering to the Lord. And Hebrews 11 says that by faith, Abel brought a more excellent sacrifice than Cain. And in other words, it was revealed to Abel what sacrifice to bring. He brought of the the the the the cattle of the land. Isn't that right? And the fat thereof. And God accepted his sacrifice. But Cain bought fruits. Cain bought flowers because he was a gardener. So he tell himself, "Well, if I'm in gardening, surely God will enjoy my gardening as much as I enjoy it." Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. He went according to his own experience and brought an offering he thought was okay. But God rejected it. And here was Abel bringing something by revelation. He brought a lamb. He brought a sacrifice that was acceptable to God at that time. Isn't that right? Sacrifice is personal. That's good. This whole scenario here with Cain and Abel shows that it is personal. What sacrifice you are bringing, it's coming from you. And you have to know what you're bringing. And why you're bringing it and in what condition you are bringing it. Hallelujah. in order for God to bless it. Isn't that right? Amen. Isn't that right? There has to be an altar set up where you could come and bring that sacrifice to God. And it's not a random event. It is not something that just thrown about because when Elijah was rebuilding the altar before the fire fell, when he put the altar together, it was not a random event. He got a certain number of stones and he set them up together with the altar and he told them dig trenches fill it with water. There was an exactness. There was a preciseness about his methodology. There was a way he was doing it. There was something he was expecting to happen because he was expecting fire. He tell them pour water because he was expecting the consuming fire of God. He said, "Let's put this thing beyond all doubts. Pour water. Pour water. Pour more water." Because our God is a consuming fire. Whatever we set up here, he is about to consume it. Oh, nothing will stop the power of God. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. It was precise. It was measured. It was calculated. It was by revelation. Isn't that right? And it made the difference between all the other ba worshippers who was just screaming and crying and making a whole lot of noise. Making a whole lot of noise doesn't necessarily mean you've got what it takes. You've got to know where you're coming at. Isn't that right? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Isn't that right? Now there is a noise connected to worship. Don't get us wrong now. There is a certain sound that is connected to our worship. Psalms 89 and:e15 says, "Blessed is the people that know the joyful sound." Well, isn't that right? And they shall walk, O Lord, in the light of thy countenance. There it is again. That joyful sound is connected to a walk. You're not just making a noise, but you're walking in the truth. You're not just shouting, but you're walking in righteousness. You're not just making a whole lot of drama. Oh, hallelujah. But you're lining up with the word for your day and for your message. You recognize who God is. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Isn't that right? And there's a people yet in the land today who recognize who their God is. Isn't that right? Because Luther in their day, praise God, they recognized who he was. The word was revealed to them and they understood justification and they walked in the light of his countenance for their day and their noise, their worship was accepted in their day. Wesley walked in the light of God's countenance of that day and it was called sanification. And there was a people connected to that who worshiped according to that revelation and God poured out upon that. Isn't that right? The Pentecostals walked in the light of their day with the gifts in and the birth. Isn't that right? And God poured out and accepted their worship. Oh, what about our day? God revealed to us seven living voices, seven virtues. Oh, how it has been expounded to us. has been revealed to us. We are about to walk in the light of our day and God is going to receive our sacrifice. Isn't that right? Amen and amen. Wherever God goes, there's always some kind of noise happening around him. There's shoutings of hosana. There's blessings. There's honorings. There's there's always something happening around God. Brother Brandham said here on earnestly contending, he said, "I know that you think we're an awfully noisy bunch." He said, "Well, brother, I can prove to you that if there ain't noisy, then there ain't no God there." Oh, hallelujah. Let me say that again. I can prove to you that if there ain't no noisy, then there ain't no God there. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. I rather you hot or you're cold. Oh, if you're hot, then get on fire for God. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. And if you're cold, get out. But God will be worshiped. He said, "Listen, in the Old Testament, when Aaron anointed the rose of Sharon, and when he had that anointing oil that run down his bed to the hems of his skirt, he taken the sacrifice and he went into the holies of holies." And when he went in, behind that curtain, across his garment, he had a pomegranate and a bell. a pomegranate and a bell and they would hit together and when he walked it played holy, holy, holy unto the Lord. He said that is the anointed church of God moving into the holies of holies. That representation he's talking about is the anointed church of God moving into the holies of holies like what we attempting to do this morning moving into the holies of holies. This anointed church of God. We've got a bell. We've got a pomegranate and we are maring anointed with the oil that runs down the beard. anointed with the spirit of the living God to take up your scripture for your day. Oh hallelujah. Holy, holy, holy unto the Lord. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. We make a noise, holy, holy unto the Lord according to our faint, according to the revelation of Jesus Christ in this last day. Hallelujah. That points us in the direction of him. Oh, who sits on the throne. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. He said, "And look here, brother." The reason they did that, that was the only way that they could tell that he was alive. They listened to hear if there was any noise. And he said, "If there was no noise, then he was dead." Oh, hallelujah. And he said, "And that is what it is today. A church that is born again going into the holies of holies, anointed with God's pomegranate bell." Hallelujah. He said, "Yes, sir. You know that they are alive when that bell is ringing. Holy, holy, holy unto the Lord. Holy on a Monday, holy on a Tuesday, holy on a Wednesday, on a Thursday. Doesn't matter what day. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, he said the outsiders pass by. Hallelujah. And the scoffers say, "Look at them." Prophet said, "That's all right." He said, "Well, look at them then." Oh, look at them. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Take a good look at them. Hallelujah. How wonderful. Holy, holy unto the Lord. Played the bells against the pomegranates. Oh, halle the prophet explaining. Isn't that right? Do you appreciate that? Amen. My So, it's always a noise connected. Wherever Jesus went, there was always some kind of a noise going about him. Imagine Jesus is going on his way and someone just runs up to him and says, "Son of David, have mercy on me." Imagine he's about his business with his disciples and some woman come screaming and crying, "Lord, my daughter is vexed with the devil." Wherever he goes, somebody's always crying. Come by here, Lord. Come by here, Lord. Come by here, Lord. Because something in them recognizes that the master is near. And whatever need they have can be addressed right now because he's in the building. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. If you go by an office and the boss is not there, it might not make sense stay in because if you need something signed, you might have to wait until he comes. So, it might better you come back. If you talk to the receptionist, she'll say come back. Maybe he's on lunch. Maybe he's out at a meeting. But once the head guy is there, once the head signatory is there, you could get your stuff signed because he's there to do it right now. And what I'm telling you is there's somebody in the building this morning. If you have an application that you need to get signed, you could get it signed this morning. You don't have to wait for tomorrow. Oh, because he is here. Oh, and a revelation declares it to be so. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Worship him until you get what you want. Worship him until the testimony of Jesus and the spirit of prophecy. Worship him until the promise is fulfilled. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Don't be afraid. Run up on Jesus. Say, "Glor, son of God, have mercy on me. Son of David, have mercy on me." He'll sign your application this morning. Hallelujah. Cuz he is here to do it. Isn't that right? Amen. Amen. Jesus got to that mad man at Gdara, remember God, he had to cross the the the sea. Isn't that right? come over to a different place. The other side. America have a term called the other side of the tracks. It's another place. We don't we don't go to that place. And uh you know the disciples, I don't know if it was on the itinerary at all to get to go to Gdara, but this didn't seem like one of the hot spots. This didn't seem like one of the places that they were supposed to be today. But Jesus was on a mission. He was honor. He had an agenda. He needed to get to Gdara because there was a man there that he had to deliver. Isn't that right? And one of the most astounding things is that when Jesus begin to walk towards the tombs, begin to walk towards a cemetery. I don't think a cemetery was on the itinerary for today, but but they found themselves in a cemetery. Wherever Jesus is going, we will follow. If he's going into the tombs, I'm going with him. I'm safer in there than I am out there. Praise God. Without him. So, the disciples are following along, but but but they're hoping there's a plan here somewhere because they know that there's a man in there that is chained because he's too strong for anybody to hold on to him. He's possessed with devils. A man possessed with devils named Legion. Many devils. Isn't that right? uh he was scraping himself and crying to himself because he was looking for deliverance, looking for a breakthrough, but there was nobody to deliver him from this circumstance. But then here came Jesus with a mission to go to the other side because there was a man there that needed to be delivered. And as soon as that man saw Jesus, he ran towards Jesus and he began to worship. He began to worship him. He hadn't been delivered yet, but he began to worship him. He hadn't been saved yet, but he began to worship him. He was still in his condition, but he began to worship him. Because whenever Jesus is around, he demands worship. And whatever your condition is this morning, whatever situation you find yourself in, all you have to begin to do when Jesus comes near is to worship. Oh, and then the impossible becomes possible. Then the sick could be healed. Then the blind could see. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. A man packed with devils worshiping God. What a phenomenon. What a paradox. Because there were Pharisees, Sadducees, scribes who couldn't put it in their brain to worship him. They find fault with him. They pick at him. They they they they throw at him. They they they called him heretical. They said he was be elabub. They they they they said he was a blasphemy because he called himself God or they called him all kinds of names. But simple people, ordinary people, people who look messed up, people who look twisted up, people who look bent up and broken, people who look like they're beyond the point of recovery. God, the God that can mend the broken hearts. That God reached tongue into every situation. Hallelujah. And the impossible was made possible. Oh, he can do it for you this morning. He can do it for you right now. Don't you be afraid. Just worship him. Worship Christ our Lord and watch to see what he will do for you. Oh, glory. He's doing it right now. Just worship him this morning. He is healing right now. Just worship him this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory to God. Amen. That's all right. You can worship. We were created to worship him. That's all. Hallelujah. Don't let the devil deceive you. Your hands, your feet, your mouth, your ears, your eyes, your body was created to give God glory and to worship God. Oh, in the beauty of his holiness. To worship God. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. They couldn't recognize him. Hallelujah. They couldn't recognize who he was because this Messiah didn't come according to their interpretation of him expectation or the expectation or the way they they thought he was going to come. He didn't come that way. He come born of a virgin of a conspiracy. They couldn't receive that. So from birth they were thrown off and they said, "Is not this Joseph son? Isn't that that guy, that copter guy from up the road? Isn't that his son? Why is he reading the scripture? Why is he saying that he is anointed and and commissioned? Why is he saying that? They they couldn't receive that. But people who seemed like they couldn't go on met with him and they had a different testimony because he revealed himself to them in a way that he could never reveal himself to others because they had their own veil over their hearts. and they could not see him. Isn't that right? But we were predestinated this morning to see him as he is in his glory and in his grace. Isn't that right? Amen. Amen. And that is because revelation is sovereign. Amen. God reveals himself to whomsoever he will. Now, when you drill down into this root word of worship, the root word of worship is worthy. Which means that if you're going to worship something, we first have to find something that is worthy of our worship. Isn't that right? The root word of worship is actually worthy. So therefore, if order to worship, someone had to be worthy of our worship in order for us to worship. Isn't that right? Isn't that right? And man was created to worship. His whole being, isn't that right? Was just was created to worship. was created to worship God. And because we know who created us, we have a revelation with that someone and we worship him because he had created us for his glory. Isn't that right? Isn't that right? And as Christians, we pray. And prayer is how we connect to God. It's how we communicate with God. And it's how we ask for the things that we need. As Christians, we praise. And when we praise, we thank God. for the things that he has done for us for which we are grateful. We are thankful to the Lord for his wondrous works towards the children of men. Isn't that right? We are thankful. We are blessing his name. But worship has nothing to do with any of that. We worship God because of who he is. Worship has to do with the revelation of who he is. Isn't that right? And it's revealed to you who he is. You have to have a revelation in order to worship God. And revelation is faith. Cuz when God reveals himself to you, that gives you faith to believe on him when you worship him. Hallelujah. Isn't that right? Psalms 100 says, "Make a joyful noise unto the Lord all he lands." There's that word noise again. Oh, we come to make a joyful noise unto the Lord. Wherever you come from, all ye lands, worship the Lord. Serve the Lord with gladness and come before his presence with singing. Oh, hallelujah. There's your singing. There's your noise. There's your joy. There's your gladness. But verse three, it says, "Know ye that the Lord, he is God." Oh, in order to worship God this morning, you have to know that he is God. You have to know that he is a healer. You have to know that he is your savior. You have to know that he is your deliverer. He is a way maker. He is a restorer. That he is a baptizer. You have to know this morning. You have to know that he is able to meet your need. He is able this morning to set the captive free. He is able to break the bands of wickedness and unbelief. Whatever situation you're in this morning, you have to know that he is Oh, he is God. It is he that had made us in the beginning. He formed you in his mind. And he knew who you were. Oh, he made you. Oh, hallelujah. The beauty of holiness. He didn't make yourself. You didn't call yourself. You didn't raise yourself up. You didn't save yourself. You couldn't deliver yourself. But he made a way for you to be delivered in this time that you're living in. He opened the door. He pulled your soul from out of darkness into his marvelous light. And that's the reason that I shout his praises because it is he that had made us and not we ourselves. We are his people and the sheep of his pasture. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh we can praise him today. So it says, "Enter into his gates with thanksgiving and enter his courts with praise. Be thankful unto him because you know that he is. Bless his name for the Lord is good and his mercy is everlasting. His truth endureth to all generations." Hebrews 11 says, "But without faith it is impossible to please him. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Oh, hallelujah. You're not just seeking him, but you're seeking him diligently. Diligence means I need to get a product out of my actions, out of whatever I'm doing. I can't go back empty-handed. Diligent means I must get a reward. Oh, I must get something back. A return on my investment. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Glory. Amen. Hallelujah. God is the object of worship. That's right. He is not God unless there is someone to worship him. Hallelujah. The prophet said that, isn't that right? Worship is what makes him God. That's good. And I had this written here. Worship. Your worship actually defines who he is. Because brotherham said he was God. But he wasn't exactly God at that time. He said because God is an object of worship and there wasn't nothing to worship him. So he wasn't God. He was actually undefined. He was l Eli Elohim, the self-existent one alone by himself. Isn't that right? He was undefined. In other words, he wanted to be a father, but there's nobody to be a father to. So then what was he? He wanted to be a healer, but there was nobody to heal. So then what was he? Think about it. And scientists, I think even uh we talk about Einstein and he and all these other guys like Isaac Newton had these theories about relativity. theory of relativity and relativity principle. And in basics, what that means is if I took an object and I put it in a room and took the lights off with no other reference point, then that object is actually undefined because there's nothing else to relate that object to. There's nothing else in that space to relate that object to. I am only as far as I am from brother Popwell because brother Popwell is there and I am here. But if I couldn't relate myself to brother Popwell then where am I? Am I far from him? He is not even there. Do you understand it? So God is existing in alone by himself. There's no one else relative to him that we can relate to that we can make him understandable to us because there's nothing else to understand. Amen. I know this is going over your head, but if I put you in a room by yourself, there's nobody in that room. Who do you talk to? Whose mother are you? Whose father are you? There's no one else in that room, then who are you? You're just undefined. But as soon as something or someone comes into that room, now there's relativity. Now you are either further from that person or nearer to that person based on how you move towards them or further away from them. But that principle couldn't exist if that person is not there. And God could not be God if he didn't create subjects to worship him. He couldn't be God. He was just alone by himself existing in nothingness until he created something to worship him. And because that something was created, now those beings could give him worship and then he became God. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, brother Bam said in my opinion the first thing he did was he created angels and then they worshiped him and that made him God and then he started from there. And as in previous message he said he tried to break it down when those angels began to worship him. That was before there was even a molecule on the earth there was nothing. It was all darkness. There was no sun, no moon, no stars and no nothing. Then he was God. And he asked Job, he said, "Where was you when I laid the foundations of the world?" See, when the morning stars sang together and what the sons of God shouted for joy, see, now where were you? You were those sons of God back there worshiping him. And your worship defined who he was. Your worship declared who he was. We were saying you are our redeemer. You are our Lord. You are our maker. You are hallelujah the chief cornerstone. You are who was and is and is to come. You are the eternal one. He always was, always will be. Your worship. Oh hallelujah. Defines who he is. It testifies of him and lets the whole world know who God is to you as an individual. Your worship does that. That's how powerful that is. That's how significant that is. That's why God wants your worship because as soon as the devil got worship for himself, that worship start to define who he was. Isn't that right? Hallelujah. Isn't that right? As a false god. See, and then they had two waring factions, loggerheads, because uh uh there was a new principle in in in uh created in there. Isn't that right? But God wants to bring it back to the original principle where God is or was and always will be Lord over all things, over all our lives, over all territories, over all denomin um nominations and whatever. God will be in charge of everything else. Lord of all things. Isn't that right? Oh my worship invites his presence. Hallelujah. Isn't that right? It invites his presence to confirm the faith that you claim to have in the word of God. It is evidence that you have received his word. Isn't that right? Prophet said and whatever he says you to do, do it. Prophet said let's say praise the Lord. He said praise be to God. He said God, the word of God means the word God means object of worship. See and he said and God wants to be worshiped. Jesus said God is a spirit and they that worship him must worship him in what? Spirit and in truth. Truth is what is truth? He said he said I am the truth. And here he is tonight. Brother Bham said in our midst being the truth. Hallelujah. The truth vindicating his presence. He is both spirit and truth. Isn't that right? Woman says that's the truth. Man says that's the truth. He said then that's the truth. You have no right to doubt it. Oh, isn't he wonderful? Prophet said, "Amen." Hallelujah. Worship is a lifestyle. Isn't that right? Worship is a lifestyle. Adam's entire lifestyle was like a worship unto God. From the moment he woke up to the moment he laid down his head at night, his entire being, all that he did, all of his expressions was as a worship unto God. And that's what it's going to come back to. That's that's what we talk about when we say going back to Eden or Eden condition because we're going to come into such a state and condition that everything we do is going to be a worship unto God. Everywhere you walk, every conversation you have is going to be holy, holy unto the Lord. Is going to be defined by your worship. Isn't that right? Amen. Amen. His work, his actions, his words, his whole being was continually in worship unto God. Second Peter 3 said, "But in the day the Lord will come as a thief in the night, which the heaven shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat. The earth and also the works that are therein shall be burnt up." So then he says, "Seeing that all these things shall be dissolved." What manner of persons ought ye to be? Hallelujah. In all holy conversation and godliness. And that word conversation, brother over it always says means lifestyle. It means in your daily living. How what manner of people we ought to be this morning in all holy conversation in all holy lifestyle and godliness looking for and hasting until the coming of the day of God wherein the heavens shall be uh be on fire shall be dissolved and the elements shall melt with fervent heat. Isn't that right? Oh my. My oh my. Hallelujah. Amen. So, let's touch on Isaiah a little bit. We know that he had an encounter, isn't that right? With this holy God. Amen. He had a worship time. Let's look at it. He says, "Now in the influence of another prophet said here, now let's look take a look at these wings for a few minutes." He said, "We find out that two wings he covered his face with my I think he said even holy angels covered their holy faces in the presence of a holy God." And the only thing that they could say was holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty. Holy, holy, holy Lord God Almighty. And we are told that they cry day and night. And that's the first step from God coming down day and night. He said, "No letting up." Oh, that's how our praise ought to be. That's how our worship ought to be. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's how our lifestyle ought to be. No letting up. Holy, holy unto the Lord. He said, "And you think that we would make a lot of noise? What do you think?" He said, "Do you think we make a lot of noise? What do you think about millions of those around the throne with a voice that shook them temple pillars when the only one of them cried holy holy holy he said you know his voice shook the temple he said when millions of them crying around the throne of God holy holy holy Lord God Almighty holy holy holy Lord God Almighty he said with wings over their faces. Their faces over their feet was wings representing reverence, respects, he said. Oh my. Skipping down. He said, "Now watch. Two wings." He said covered his face. Two wings. That meant reverence. Reverence before God. Bowing. Covering his face. He said, "And now we don't have any wings to cover our face with." He said, "But we bow our head at his feet." Oh, that's what we here to do today. Bow our head at his feet. He said we bow and pray in reverence, in respect. Yes, sir. Recognize it. And two wings. He covered his feet. He feet covered his feet and represented humility. Respects. He said like Moses had respects in the respects of God telling him that he was on holy ground. Prophet said he took off his shoes. See, he did something to his feet. Hallelujah. Paul in respects to God in reverence when the angel of the Lord came before him. That pillar of fire, he fell on the ground. He fell on his face. See, he couldn't look at him because there was a holiness there that demanded a reverence, that demanded a respect. It demanded an action that reflected the holiness of God that he had encountered. Oh, and there is something we have to do this morning. Oh, to reflect the holiness of God that we encounter when we get into his presence. Oh, hallelujah. Our face is bowed. Our hands are lifted up. We get in the spirit. Oh, holy, holy unto the Lord. Oh, recognize him. Oh, hallelujah. And pay him homage this morning. Because he is worthy. Because he is holy. Amen. He demands our worship this morning. Amen. When the angel of the Lord came before him, that pillar of fire, he fell on the ground on his face. Hallelujah. Respect. See, John the Baptist, he had such respects when he saw Jesus coming. Hallelujah. He said, "I'm not even worthy to touch this feet." See the feet showing respects again. See, he pointed all through scripture. Thank you, Lord. It is right there. He said, "Oh, be conscious." See the prophet says here now be conscious. Here's only one thing to be conscious of. He says your littleness. If you want to get somewhere with God, he said make yourself real little. Oh hallelujah. When you get in the presence of God, doesn't matter who you are, you are no longer a big shot. You're not even a medium shot. You are little this morning. All of us are little ones in his presence. We are little ones to him below. They are weak but he is strong. Oh, and we worship the father in spirit and in truth because he alone can raise up the downtrodden and he casteth down the proud and the and the prideful. He is God. Isn't that right? He said always notice a big man. He said humbles himself. That's right. He said the way up is down always. He said, "Make yourself little and God will bring you up. He that exalts himself shall be abased, but he that humbles himself shall be exalted." Oh my, I like that. He says, "Make yourself little." Prophet said, "Always be little. Don't be the big shot. Be the little fellow." See, God is the only one among us that's big. Anyhow, he said, "That's right." He said, "You will always say it's a holy church." the holy people. But oh no, the prophet said it's the holy God. That's right. He said it's an unholy church and unholy people. Right? Ain't no such thing as a holy church. He said it's a holy God in the church, not a holy people. It's the Holy Ghost in the people. He said then you're talking not of the people. He said they are talking. But the Holy Ghost is what is in the people. Oh, and that's what we're going to come back to one of these days. It be a holy God in the people living out humility, living out in respects, living out a humble lives, thundering unto God. Oh, that is the thunder that will shake the devil in the last days. It'll be holy sanctified lives, humble unto God, obedient to his word, holy God upon the people, making them holy. That's the right interpretation. Amen. Amen. Holy God. Ghost is in the people. Amen. Yes, sir. That is the right word. Amen. Prophet said that struck home. He said, "I felt that one." Yes, sir. He liked that. I know that. Glory. That's right. He said, "Now make yourself little." See, he covered his face with two reverence. He humbled himself by covering his feet. And now thirdly, with two he did fly. He put himself in action with two of them. He was reverent before God. He was humble before God. And not only that, he he just didn't sit there, but the prophet said he put himself in action. Oh, hallelujah. That's what we want to do today. put ourselves in action. Humble ourselves, reverend before God. And the next thing to do is put yourself in action. Your action has to declare that you truly have a revelation of who God is. That doesn't make you sit still. If you have revelation, it puts you into action. Oh, hallelujah. What is your action this morning? Oh, did you come this morning to sat still? Or did you come to get into action? Oh, to pray, to praise, to seek his face. Oh, when they saw Jesus lifted up before them, when he ascended into heaven and the cloud received him up out of their sights, the disciples went immediately into action. They were worshiping. They were praising God continually. And they went back to Jerusalem praising and worshiping God continually in the upper room, waiting on God, waiting for God to pour out his dynamics upon them. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. They went into action. He prophesied talk about a church. Amen. Put himself in action. Whatever he had, he was ready to go with. Yes, sir. The only thing he could say was, "Holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty." He put himself into action. After all that God has revealed to you, all that you could say is holy, holy unto the Lord God Almighty. After all that he has revealed to us in these last days, how he's going to form himself in us. How the word image is going to be formed in you by these seven mysteries, by these seven thunders. What can we say but holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty. Do unto me whatever is your will. I want to be subject to your will today. Oh holy, holy unto the Lord. Oh hallelujah. Put yourself in action this morning. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. He put himself in action. That's right. He got in action. And that is what the church needs tonight. Is first to be reverent and next thing to be humble. He said, "And then get yourself in action." Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We've got to do something for something to happen. Oh, that's time this morning for the church of God to get into action. Oh, what we see should make a church. That should make a revival. What we see ought to put us in action. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Met ought to pray and not to faint. Oh, get in action this morning. Oh, get on fire. Oh, clear everything out. Let's get ready. A revival is coming. Holy, holy unto the Lord. Get in action this morning. Blow a trumpet in Zion. Sound an alarm in the holy mountain. Uh let the people pray uh from the pillar to post, from the pulpit to the backbench. Get on fire for God and get in action. Uh and you watch and see if God will not work wonders above us. If we get on place, if we get in line. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's another holy time coming. Oh, we believe it's here. Our faith declares it to be so. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Do you believe it? Amen. When the revelation hit Abel to worship God, he got into action. He got a lamb, placed it on that flat rock, and he killed that lamb and was bleeding. It was bloody. It was messy, but it was an action that confirmed his faith in the word of God. And God honored that sacrifice. Oh, when the revelation hit Abraham, he went up on the mountain. He told his men's servants, I am the lad, go up, I am the lad, come back down, he saddled an ass, and he and Isaac went up that mountain to offer a sacrifice. He went in obedience to the word of God and full obedience to the word of God. Today will entitle you to the token. Oh, hallelujah. You will receive the Holy Ghost and power in your soul when you get into action. Oh, hallelujah. Align not. Oh, hallelujah. Glory. Oh my my my. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hal Revelation 19:10. We just read it. John is overwhelmed. He has seen many things that the angel has already revealed in the vision and he falls down to worship him at his feet. He said, "And I fell to worship at the feet of him." And he said unto me, see that thou do it not. I am thy fellow servant and of thy brethren that have the testimony of Jesus. Worship God for the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy. Worship God. He says, "Worship God. Not your idea, not your opinion, but don't even worship me." He said, "But worship God. God has given us today." And Elijah the prophet, he said, "Behold, I send unto you, unto you. You the predestinated one, you the little one, you the one that needs help, you the one that needs strength. Behold, I send Elijah unto you, the prophets." Oh, hallelujah. to reveal every mystery. He has revealed all the mysteries. Christ veiled in that prophet has revealed all things. And therefore, therefore, our mission this morning is to worship God because we have the testimony of Jesus from 1946 to 1965. The book has been opened and all the seals have been revealed. And this morning we can prophesy again from that book. It is written. It is written. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. I feel the Holy Spirit. Let's close this thing out today. Amen. I'm getting ready to close out. Testimony of Jesus. What is it? Sweeten them out. Sweeten them out. You testify. Come and see, brother. Come and see, sister. Come and see what the Lord has done for me. Don't come and talk. Don't come and feel. Come and see. Come and drink. Come and experience what God has done for me. He woke me up this morning. He put faith in my soul. He poured into me the baptism of the Holy Ghost. This morning, sir, come and see. We would see Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. And the spirit of prophecy, what is it? Bitter in the belly. That's the rejection part. That's bearing the reproach of barrenness until the fulfillment of all things come. You have no evidence to show or all you know. All you could say is God said so. God said so. Holy, holy are you, Lord. God promised a revival. God promised to heal. God promised to deliver. God promised to restore. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Revelation. Worship. And then a manifestation comes. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Isn't that right? Get ready to come. Revelation. What did he do? He opened the word to their understanding of the scriptures. He breathed on them, receive ye the Holy Ghost. And when he was ascended up on high and led captivity captive, the Bible said he gave gifts to men. But before that, they began to worship holy. They were reverent and they were in action. They were continually in the temple praising and worshiping God. And then all of a sudden, all of a sudden, there came a sound from heaven. Oh, hallelujah. That filled all the house where they were sitting. and every one of them receive the lick of fire in their soul. I pray today may you receive your lick of fire in your soul. May he burn into you the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Oh, holy, holy unto the Lord God Almighty. Let the redeemed say so. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory rest can get ready. Hallelujah. Oh, are you ready tonight? Let's close this out. Amen. Thank you so much. It's a uniting time. Oh, I believe the bride of Christ is called. The prophet said, he said, I believe she is sealed into the kingdom of God. I believe the mechanics is here. They are just waiting on the dynamics that will take her off this earth and into glory and into the rapture. I believe it with all my heart. We know that he's going to do it. He shall do it. The prophet said he is the dynamics. We become members of the machine of his body, forming ourselves into his image as he unites himself with us and send us his love gifts just before the wedding's supper. We're watching for that. You begin to stand. Amen. Hallelujah. The dynamics of this church, they're big churches to be united. But the dynamics of this church today will be a refilling of the Holy Spirit that we have worked in a small measure while the headstone is coming down to unite with the body. And when that head and that body unite together, the full power of the Holy Ghost would raise her up just exactly like that. Even the dead that's dead in Christ. You can play something softly. For hundreds of years ago will rise in the beauty of his holiness and take a flight to the skies. The dynamics is the Holy Spirit. For your name is holy. Oh, hallelujah. Glory. Oh, stand and worship him. Stand and praise him today. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Final quote. The prophet said the mystery of God would be revealed. And when that would completely reveal the seven mysteries would open to the church because in there the church would be living under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. Him moving in and out showing his signs of being alive and among us and living among us. And we are then worshiping the living Christ that is among us. May the Lord bless you. I'm finished this morning. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, let us give him a shout of praise, a shout of worship. He deserves all the honor. He deserves all the glory. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give him praise right now. Give him glory. Oh, hallelujah. We had to worship him. We had to bow before you. We had to glorify his name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I see his throne. I am lifted up this day. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Glory. For your name is holy. [Music] Holy Lord, holy Lord for your name is holy, holy, holy, holy, Lord. For your name, for your name is holy, [Music] holy, [Music] Lord. Just praise him this morning. Just give him praise. Just give him praise this morning. Thank you, Lord. Just worship him. Close your eyes. Raise your hands. And just praise him this morning. This is your time to just give him praise. Raise your hands. Close your eyes. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Just raise your hands. Just talk to him this morning. Tell him how much he means to you. Worship him in your own way this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes Lord. Yes Lord Jesus. Oh we worship you Lord. We worship you Lord. We worship you Lord Jesus. Holy. Holy. Holy. the Lord. [Music] Holy. He is holy. God is holy. He is the Lord. He's holy. Singing holy. [Music] Holy God is holy with the Lord. He is holy. [Music] Oh, God is Oh, holy is the Lord. Holy is the Lord. singing. You tell him this morning, join the foreign 20 elders. Oh, just worship him this morning. Hallelujah. Holy, holy as the Lord. Oh, holy Lord. God is home. Oh yes. Oh yes. The Lord. One more time. Sing it. God. Oh Jesus. Holy. Oh yes. Lord. Yes. Oh [Music] Jesus. My [Music] God. Oh, as the music plays, you talk to him one more time. He's holy. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah, Lord God. Oh, we cry holy this morning, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah, Lord. Hallelujah Lord Jesus. Oh, give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Oh yes Lord. Hallelujah Jesus. Oh yes Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you [Music] Jesus. God is moving. God is moving. He's moving all over the [Music] earth. Lord, signs and wonders. And God is [Music] moving. He's moving all over. Oh, he's here this morning. The earth. Oh, and God is moving. Oh, God. Oh, move among your people this morning. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, glory. Yeah. Signs and wonders. [Music] Oh, where God God is moving. [Music] Oh, sing it one more time. Raise your hands. Close your eyes. Good God. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, move among your people this morning, Lord. Pour out your spirit, Father. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. We cry, holy, holy, holy, Lord. Oh, minister to your people this morning. Pour out, Lord. Pour out your presence, Father. Hallelujah. Bring deliverances. Bring healing. Bring fillings this morning, Lord Jesus. Move, oh Lord. Move, oh Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, are you give him a shout of praise? Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise this morning. Give him praise. Give him praise. Just open your mouths, raise your hands, and praise him. Hallelujah Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Oh yes, Lord. Yes, Lord God. Glory to God. Oh, blessed be your name, Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, hallelujah, Father. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. Yes, Lord. Give him a shout. Give him praise this morning. Worship him this morning. Worship the Lord. Worship the King of Kings and Lord of Lords. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes. [Music] Oh, the [Music] earth. Oh, God is moving. [Music] Lord, he's moving. He's moving. He is moving this morning. He's moving. One more time. He's moving. He's moving all over the [Music] earth. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you Lord. All [Music] honor, all gloryy, all power to you. All [Music] honor, all gloryy, all hallelujah to you. Holy father, we worship you. Holy father, we worship. Precious Jesus. Oh precious [Music] Jesus. Holy Spirit. Holy Spirit. We wait on you. Holy [Music] Spirit. We wait on you. We wait on you. For [Music] fire, Lord, for all honor, all honor, all love, all [Music] glory, all power belongs to you, Lord Jesus. to you all honor. All glory, all power Jesus belongs to you. Heavenly Father, we worship you. Holy God, we worship you precious. Oh, Holy Spirit. Holy Spirit, we wait. Holy [Music] Spirit, Holy Spirit, wait for me. Oh, [Music] father. You just praise him right now. Just give him praise. Just give him praise. Father. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh fire. Oh, give him a shout. Give him a shout of praise. Open your mouths and just praise him this morning. Give the Lord a shout. Give the Lord a shout of praise. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, you can be filled right now. Praise him for your healing. Praise him for your deliverance. Praise him for your filling right now. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Somebody praise him. Somebody praise him. Raise your voices. Give him a shout of praise. He's worthy to be praised. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus. Glory to [Music] God. Blessed be your name, Lord Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, you can be sealed. You can be healed right now. Glory to God. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Jesus. Oh, the word has gone forth. Now is your time to be filled. Now is your time to be healed. Praise God. Receive your healing right now. Thank you, Jesus. Glory to God. Glory to God. Amen. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Thank you, Lord. Oh, glory. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes Lord. Thank you Jesus God. Blessed be your name Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Somebody's going free right now. Praise God. Thank you Jesus. receive your deliverance this morning. This is your time. This is your time this morning. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus. Glory to God. Bless your name. Oh, thank you, Jesus. [Music] I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, and the way. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. Sing it to him this morning. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, and the way. I bless your name. I bless you. I bless your name this morning. God bless. Sing it from down in your heart this morning. Bless him this morning. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, and the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name, Lord Jesus. Glory. Thank you, Lord. One more time. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name again. [Music] I give you praise. You are the life, the truth and the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. I praise you, Lord. I worship you, Lord Jesus. Somebody praise him this morning. Somebody worship him this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. Blessed be your name, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, glory. Glory to God. Glory to God. You are the life and the truth and the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. My chains are gone. I have been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a burn your praise. Unending love. Amazing grace. Oh, my chains are gone. I've been set free this morning. Oh, give him a shout this morning. Give him praise if you have been set free. Hallelujah. My God, my Savior has ransome me. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him everybody. Give them a shout this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Oh glory to God. Glory to [Music] God. I once was lost but now I'm found. was a hopeless case, an empty place if not for grace. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. How sweet the sound I was. Oh, glory to God. You just worship him. Continue to worship him this morning. Hopeless, an empty space. If not for, where would I be? Hallelujah. Where would I? God only knows. God only knows. I'm glad you [Music] see. Oh, through eyes of love. through eyes of love. I was a hopeless case. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank God for his grace this morning. You can only worship him. You can only worship him this morning. Open your mouths and worship him. Thank him for what he's done for you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. I once was lost. [Applause] But now I'm gone. Was a hopeless case, an empty space with no more grace. Just praise him. Just praise him. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Let's be an angel. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. One more song. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou art this morning. How great thou are. Oh yes, Lord. How great thou are. Oh then sings my soul my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. How great. One more time. Let's go up one. My soul, my savior God. Oh, sing it with all your heart this morning. Close your eyes. Raise your hands. How great thou are. How great thou are. Oh Jesus. Yes Lord. Oh my soul sings out this morning, Lord. Hallelujah, Lord. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. How great thou are. How great thou are. Oh, how great. Oh, can we sing it just one more time? Then sings my soul. Then sings my soul. I say to thee, how great thou art. How great. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. How great thou art. Thank you, Lord. Oh, then sings my soul. My soul, my Savior God to thee, oh Lord, how great thou are, how great thou just praise him. Just give him praise this morning. So brothers, get ready. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Praise God. God bless you. Amen. Let's just bow our heads and close our eyes as we want to pray for the tithes and offering that will be collected. Heavenly Father, Lord, we pause to pick up the tithes and offering that will be collected now. Lord, we pray you bless it and sanctified. And Lord, may it be used for your honor and your glory. Father, we commit it back into your hands now. Bless those that would give and provide for those who don't have it this time, Lord. And may it be used for the for the furtherance of this glorious gospel in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Praise God. God bless you. Amen. High and lifted up. Hallelujah. Want to see him. Oh, he is high and lifted up. Hallelujah. Sing it. Oh, hallelujah. God bless you, brothers. Come forward. Singing. High and lifted up. Hallelujah. He is high and lifted up. Hallelujah. Singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, sing it. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's go up one more again. Yes. And lifted up. Hallelujah. He is high and lifted up. Hallelujah. Oh, he is. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. High and lifted up. Hallelujah. Again. He is high and lifted up. Hallelujah. Glory. Sing it. Oh hallelujah. Oh yes. Hallelu. Oh yes Lord. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Oh, singing. Oh, singing. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, sing it. Hallelujah. Oh, sing it. Amen. I would not be defeated. No, I won't. Hallelujah. I would not be defeated. No, I won't. For the Lord is on my side. I would not be. Oh, I would not be defeated. No, I won't. Hallelujah. I would not be defeated. No, I won't. Hallelujah. [Music] I No, I won't for the singing. I would not be enough. Oh, I Oh, clap your hands this morning. Huh? Oh hallelujah. Give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Glory. Thank you Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. I would not be defeated. Glory. Glor. I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to Well, let me hear you sing this morning. You shout to the Lord this morning. Revive the name of the Lord. I came [Music] to Oh, I came to glorify the name. Oh, don't let the rocks praise you this morning. You give them a show. You praise your God. You are a true worshipper this morning. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to Hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Since I lay my burdens down. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. since I one more time. This is a worship service. Glory, glory. Hallelujah. Since I Oh, lay your burdens down this morning. Just glorify him. Just worship him. Oh, one more time. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Oh yeah. Since I laid my burden down. Oh, glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Since I laid my burdens down. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Just praise him. Just praise him. Glory. Let's give him praise. Let's give him praise this morning. He's worthy to be praised. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Did you appreciate the Lord today? Appreciate God's servant and the message. What a word in due season. Amen. Thank you. Appreciate Anthony O'Brien. God bless you, brother. But [Music] Anthony, Amen. Amen. Amen. When you worship by Revelation, it's something totally different. Amen. Amen. You know why you do it. Amen. You know why you worship. Amen. You're a true worshipper. Praise God. Amen. So, let's just close in a word of prayer. But before we do that, we have a prayer request. Thank you, Lord. From Sister Nakota. Amen. She's saying, "A comment was made about my ex supervisor and I'm being blamed for it. I know this is the work of the enemy because I have been fasting and praying and constantly asking God for the Holy Ghost and my purpose, what he wants me to do." So the enemy is using this to tarnish my appraisal that this supervisor has to sign. But I know already this is going to be a victory. Can we say amen? Praise God. Amen. I just want some extra reinforcements. Amen. Glory. Praise God. Amen. To let the devil know I'm not giving up. Victory is mine. Keep me in your prayer, Sister Nakota. Amen. Praise God. Amen. So God can do it. Amen. and he's all powerful. And maybe if you have a a prayer request, amen, this evening and you want to raise your hand, Amen. that God would answer your prayer. Praise the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh yes, there's one other request. Thank you. Amen. There's another request, a prayer request from Sister Donna K. thanking God for his promised word for they cannot go back void. Please pray on behalf of sister Kesia Clark who is experiencing the effects of a low blood sugar and low blood count. She's weary and downtrodden. She feels that if one attack if an attack on her on her health it's it's one attack on her health after the next. That's how she feels. Please agree in prayer as we hold her hands through prayer and declare in Jesus name that enough is enough. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Praise God. You you you feel that way this morning with our sister. Amen. Amen. So let's let's bow our heads and close our eyes and also close off the service. Thank you Jesus. Thank you father. Lord, we come to you this morning in in reverence, Lord, in our hearts, Father, with honor and and respect to your great awesome name. Father, Lord, we are so grateful for the word this morning, Lord. Lord, showing us that we are true worshippers and how we ought to worship, Lord, with by faith, Lord, and by revelation, Father. Bless your servant. Continue to bless him, Lord, abundantly, Father. Pour your love upon him. pour out your presence upon him. Lord, bless brother Anthony in a special way in the name of Jesus. Bless his wife and family, Father. And Lord, we bring these two prayer requests before you. One from Sister Nakota for the issue at the on the job. We pray, Father, that you will have the oversight and may everything work out well for the honor and glory of God and that our sister would be totally free, Lord God, from this issue. We thank you for the victory Lord Jesus in Jesus name. Father we pray for sister Kesia Clark with the issue of low blood sugar and low blood count and the weary down threaded feeling. We pray oh God that you would touch sister Kizia right now as she's downstairs. May the spirit of God pour out upon her even now. Raise her up Lord in good health and strength. Father, Lord, you are still Jehovah Rafa, the God that heals, Father. And you're the same yesterday, today, and forever, Lord. And we agree this morning, Father, that Sister Kizio would be totally and completely healed. And we thank you for the victory. We thank you for the finished work. And Lord, we wait for the testimony that would follow in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. And Lord, all the hands that went up, Father, Lord, different needs, different situations, minister to each need. Answer every prayer this morning, Father. Lord, you are the great and mighty conqueror, Lord Jesus. Lord, you are the great Jehovah Gyra. You could provide for your people, Lord. Different ones with healing issues, Lord. Sicknesses, all sicknesses of the devil, we cast them off this morning in the name of Jesus. And Lord, we send the arrow of deliverance, Lord, behind every soul this morning. And may your people be totally and completely free. We claim it in the name of Jesus. is already paid for, God, at Calvary. It's already paid for in the atonement, Father. And we claim it this morning. By his stripes, we are healed. Praise God. We thank you, Lord Jesus, for the total and complete healing of your people. Every need, every situation. And now, Lord, as we're about to leave this place, but not from your presence, go with each and every one of us. Father, remember your servant, our pastor, brother. Bless him and keep him. Strengthen him, Lord. anoint him. May your power of God be around him, brother Isaac. Lord, father, Lord Jesus, bless every home, every individual, every young person. We commit each and everyone into your hands this morning, Father. And Lord, as long as we live, we would never forget this service, Father. What a time in your presence, Lord. Lord, through worship by revelation, Father, bless your servant one more time. And Lord, bless your people this week with bless us with the choice of your blessings. And keep us in your love and your care. Bless the services during this week. And we place everything now into your hands in Jesus name with thanksgiving. Amen. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. God bless you. maybe may be seated just for a few announcements. Uh we have a note of praise here as well uh from sister Karen Knight Knights. Thanking God for taking me through the process of fighting cold and allergies. Pray God's riches blessings upon you all for it is a good thing to be here. God bless you sister Karen Knights. Amen. Thank God that she's feeling much better in Jesus name. Amen. disappear. On Sunday last I fell, hitting my hip, shoulder, and head. Brother Terren and his sister Bernardet prayed for me and to date I have had no effects of the fall. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. I thank almighty God for his protection, his love, his mercy is only by his grace. Amen. God bless you, Sister Pier. Glad that you're feeling well. Amen. Praise God. Praise the name of the Lord. Uh we have some visitors uh invited by sister June Redhead and they are visiting from brother John Danaqua's church in Canada. Amen. So we want to say a special welcome to Headstone Tabernacle. That's Charmaine Jalissa Jada and Jordana Finley. Amen. Welcome. God bless you. Welcome to Headstone Tabernacle. I trust that you enjoy the service and we appreciate you coming. Amen. Amen. Amen. Also, we have uh from that a person that came from Freeport's church. She went to Freeport Church once and she's sister Rebecca Forman Campbell. Malachi Jose her son and Abria Abria Topi her daughter. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Welcome to Headstone Tabernacle and thank you for coming. Amen. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. Amen. Just wave to the person next to you. Say, "God bless you." Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. It was good to have been here this morning. Thank God for his love, for his grace. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We appreciate each and every one of you this morning. Praise God. So, just for a few announce announcements. one service continues on Wednesday at 8:00 PM. So, oh, God bless brother Isaac Williams. Good to see you. God bless you, brother Isaac Williams. Good to see you that you're here this morning. Amen. Uh service continues on Wednesday at 8:00 p.m. There will be no service on Friday, but on Sunday, we will have a a joint service, God's willing. Amen. You appreciate the Mispa Tabernacle. Amen. So those saints will come across to visit and after service we would all dine together. A meal would be served to both the visitors and the local members will be served with a meal after service on Sunday. So you cannot run off. Amen. Be here. Amen. To dine and fellowship and enjoy a meal. Amen. Amen. Courtesy. Amen. The ministry and this and church. Uh also maintenance team group two please meet with brother Joel Striker after the service. Next week group one is sced to serve which is brother Popwell's team. There will also be a Sunday school choir practice today after service. So the Sunday school uh members can stay back for a practice. I want to remind all of us of the July convention dates which is July the 8th 18th to the 20th convention services international convention Friday Saturday and Sunday and whatever way you can you're encouraged to offer your help your services your resources financial and prayer amen we are encouraged to assist wherever we can towards the success of the convention all for the honor and glory of the Lord Amen. Also for the Easter weekend, this is April the 18th to the 20th, uh we will be having some special Easter meetings right here Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. On Sunday, there will be a special brunch right downstairs after the Sunday service. So, we want to start uh registration from today. All right, registration for the brunch uh for catering purposes and of course we invite and hope that everyone will be here. Uh the price is like adults 85, ages 5 to 10, $50 and under five is free. All right. So um you can registration begins today downstairs by the sister's desk there. Amen. So God bless you. Give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Amen. Amen. What a service today. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, as the brothers get ready to come forward. Amen. Oh, it's not Isaac Williams. It's Joseph Williams. Sorry about that. So, God bless you, brother Joseph Williams. Amen. And his companion there. Amen. I know my redeemer lives as the ushers get ready to dismiss. I think it is. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. Have a tremendous week and overcoming week. Amen. Continue to pray for the ministry. Pray for your brother and sister. Amen. I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let his life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. Sing. I know my redeemer lives. [Music] I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let his life within me glad. I know my redeemer live. Sing, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let his life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. Sing. I know my redeemer lives. I know that. I know that. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify, let his life within me cry, I know my redeemer lives. One more time, sing, I know my redeemer lives. I know my [Music] redeemer. Let all creation testify. Let his life within me cry, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. I know my [Music] redeemer lives. All on what Christian solders marching has to war with the cross of Jesus going on before onward of Christian soldiers marching as to war with the cross of Jesus going on before on what Christian sus maring as to war where the cross of Jesus going on before on what Christian soul does mountain as to with the cross of Jesus glowing on before. [Music]
