################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-19 - The Value Of Your Life - Bro. Gideon Ovid - Gideon Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-19
Title:   The Value Of Your Life - Bro. Gideon Ovid
Speaker: Gideon Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suGbCSVmF3w
========================================

Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Oh, let's praise him today. Oh, and I'll praise you. I'll lift you up and I'll magnify your name. That's why my heart is filled with praise. Oh, I love you. I love you. Oh, I love you. Oh, I love you, Lord, today. Because you cared for me. Oh, in such a special way. And yes, I'll praise you. I'll lift you up and I'll magnify your name. That's why my heart is filled with praise. My heart, my mind, my heart. Oh my mind and my soul belongs to you. You paid the price for me. Oh way back on Calvary and yes I'll praise you. I'll lift you up and I'll magnify your name. That's why my heart is filled with praise. One more time. I love you, Lord. I love you. Oh, I love you. Oh, I love you, Lord. Today, because you care for me, oh, in such a special way. And yes, I'll praise you. I'll lift you up and I'll magnify your name. That's why my heart is filled with praise. Oh, let us give him praise this afternoon. Hallelujah. Oh, let us give him glory. Oh, hallelujah. Lift up your hands. Worship him this afternoon. Glory to God. We give you all the praise, all the honor. All the glory, oh God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Glory to God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. And amen. When God richly bless you this afternoon and welcome, praise God to our Easter weekend of services. We call it a special weekend. We call it aside with the Lord uh this afternoon. Amen. We're looking forward for God to do great things among us. Are you happy to be in his presence? Amen. It's good to be here. Amen. Thank God for his grace. Let's turn to our Bibles. We'd like to read a portion of scripture from the Psalms. Psalms chapter 146 for scripture reading this afternoon. Amen. All right. Can you give me hosana in the highest? Amen. Let the king be lifted up. Amen. Psalms chapter 146 says, "Praise ye the Lord. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. While I live will I praise the Lord. I will sing praises unto my God while I have any being. Put not your trust in princes, nor in the Son of Man in whom there is no help. His breath goeth forth. He returnneth to his earth, and in that very day his thoughts perish. Happy is he that had the God of Jacob, for his help, whose hope is in the Lord his God, which made heaven and earth, uh, which made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that therein is, which keepeth truth forever, which execututeth judgment for the oppressed, which giveth food to the hungry. The Lord looth the prisoners. The Lord openeth the eyes of the blind. The Lord raisth them that are bowed down. The Lord loveth the righteous. The Lord preserveth the stranger. He relieveth the fatherless and widow. But the way of the wicked he turneth upside down. The Lord shall reign forever. Even thy God, O Zion, unto all generations. Praise ye the Lord. Hallelujah. Let us give him praise in his house this evening. Praise ye the Lord unto all generations. His name is worthy to be praised, worthy to be glorified, worthy to be lifted up. Oh, hallelujah. He comes when you invite him in. Let us invite him in this evening. Oh, hallelujah. In the house of our God. Amen. As we get ready to pray. Almighty God, we thank you, Lord, to be in your presence. Father, we thank you to be in this place, Lord. You have made for us to come and worship you, Father. Lord, in spirit and in truth. Now, God, we come to humble ourselves, Lord. We come to recognize you, Father, to recognize deity, Lord, in our midst, Lord. Father, Lord, on this, Lord, on this special weekend, Father, Lord, we remember your death, your burial, and your resurrection there, God. Father, we remember the price that was paid when we remember redemption's song this evening. Father, Lord, we come to lift up a banner of praise this afternoon. A praise that is due unto your name, a praise that is due unto the King of Kings who purchased our salvation on Calvar's tree this evening. We come to give you all the glory. We pray that you would come and have your way with us this evening. Cleanse us with your blood, Lord. Father, the precious blood that h flowed from Emmanuel's veins tonight. That blood is still powerful tonight, just as strong as it ever was. Lord, to break the bands of sin upon us. Grant it, almighty God. May you work upon the people, Father. Work in our lives, oh God, as we surrender to you tonight, tomorrow and Sunday. Lord, we commit this old time into your into your presence. Lord, we pray that you'd have your way with us. Lord, anoint us and inspire us, Father, this evening for service. Bless the word as it will come forth. Bless your servant as he heal himself to be used mightily of you to speak your word only. Oh God, Father, may it flash like lightning, dear God. May the anointing of God blow, may it surround the word and bring it to life. Minister to the hearts here tonight, Lord, and ears of salvation. And we be careful to give you all the praise, honor, and glory. We commit the service into your hands in Jesus Christ's precious name we pray and ask it. Amen and amen. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to you. Glory to God. Do you love him tonight? You thank God for his presence. Why don't you close your eyes and lift your hands right where you are? Just begin to worship him right now. Just begin to praise him. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory and honor, blessing and power. Oh, he is a mighty king above all the earth. All the earth shall praise him. Every knee shall bow, every tongue shall confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. No flesh shall glory in thy presence. Only in the glory of the risen King. Oh, let every hand be lifted up. Let every heart be bowed down. Let every mountain be made low. For he is God. Amen. Let the hills melt like wax before the Lord our God. before the Lord our maker. Clap your hands, oh ye people, and rejoice. Let the redeemed say, "So, who he hath redeemed from the hand of the enemy, the hand of the enemy is crushed. The hand of the enemy is broken." Oh, hallelujah. Salvation belongth unto our God this evening. Oh, hallelujah. Let's sing it. Let's praise his name. Oh, singing. Oh, Zana. Oh, in the heart I am. Oh, let the king be lifted up. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Oh, in the [Music] highest. Oh, let the king be lifted up. Hosana. Ohana. Oh, singing. Ohana. Oh in the [Music] highest. Oh let the king be lifted up. Ohana. Ohana singing. Oh. Oh. Lift your hands and sing. Hosana in the [Music] highest. Oh lamb the king to up. Ohana. Oh. One more time. Hosanana singing. Ohana. Oh my. Oh let the king be. Ohana. Oh give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hosana to the king. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh let the king be lifted up. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Sing it. Ohana. Oh highest. Oh let the king be lifted up. [Music] Ohana. Oh, let the king Let the king be let up. Let the king Oh, let the king be let up. Oh, let the king be lifted up. [Music] Oh, oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hosana to the highest. Oh, hosana in the highest. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. You feel good this evening? Give me give her that song. When I see the bloody when I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. How many thank God for the token this evening? Amen. And amen. You raise the key up this one. When I Oh, see the blood. Oh, when I see the blood. Oh, sing it. When I Oh, see the blood. I will pass. I will pass. I will pass over you. Oh, and I Oh, and I Oh, I see the blood. Oh, sing it when I Oh, see the blood. Oh, well when I Oh, see the blood. I will pass. Oh, I will pass. I will pass over you. Oh Christ our redeemer. Oh Christ our redeemer. Died on the cross. Died for the sinner. Died for the sinner. Oh, pay all his due. Oh, sprinkle your soul with the blood of the lamb. Oh, and I will pass. Oh, I will pass over you. Oh, singing when I Oh, see the blood. Oh, when when I see the blood. Oh, and I Oh, see the blood. I will pass. Oh, I will pass. I will pass over you. Oh, chiefest of sinners, chiefest of sin. Jesus will say all he has promised. Oh, and I he will do. Oh, washed in the fountain. Open for sin. Oh, and I will pass. I will pass over you. When I when I see the blood, when I when I Oh, see the blood. Oh, when I when I Oh, I see. I will pass. Oh, I will pass. Oh, I will pass over you. Oh, judgment is coming. Oh, judgement is come. Oh, and all will be there. Oh, each one receiving justly is due. Oh, hide in the saving and sin cleansing blood. Oh, and I will pass. Oh, I will pass over you. Oh, when I when I Oh, see the blood when I when see the blood. Oh, when I when I Oh, I see. Oh, I will. I will pass. Oh, I will pass over. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. When I Hallelujah. When I see the blood, Lord. When I Oh yes, Lord. Only when I see. Oh, hallelujah. I will pass over. I will pass over you. Oh when I Oh when I one more time see the blood. Hallelujah. When I Oh see the blood. Oh singing when I Oh see the blood. Oh I will pass. I will pass over you. Oh, give the Lord a praise offering this evening. Thank him for his blood. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Through the blood. Through the blood. So we can come into his presence through the blood. Oh, and Jesus has. Oh, he's made made a way that we can come into his breath. Oh, through the blood. Let's take it up. Oh, and through the blood. Oh, somebody help me lift your hand and say, through the blood, oh, we can come into his presence. Oh, through through the blood. Oh Jesus. Jesus has. Oh, he's made made a way. Oh, that we can come into his presence. Oh, through the one more time with all your heart, lift your hands and say, "Oh, through through the blood." Help me say tonight through. Oh, through the blood. Oh, we can come into his presence. Oh, through the blood. Oh, and Jesus has made a way. Oh, that we can come. Oh, into his presence. Oh, through. Oh, just give him praise right now. Hallelujah. As the music plays. Hallelujah. Oh, through through the blood. Oh, we can come. Oh, honey. Only through the blood. Oh, through. Oh, was it not for his blood? Oh, hallelujah. Only Jesus. Oh, only Jesus has. Oh, he's made a way. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, that we can come. Oh, into his prayer. Oh, through the Oh, one more time. With every heart. Hallelujah. Oh, through as brother Lyndon Williams, get ready to come. Blood is special. Amen. Oh, through the blood. Oh, we can come. Oh, into his presence. Oh, [Music] through the blood. Oh, and [Music] Jesus has. Oh, he's made made a way. Oh, that we can come into his presence. Oh, through the blood. [Music] going into his presence. Oh, hallelujah. Do you believe it today? Oh, do you know he's made a way? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. You can have your seats at this time. Praise God. We have a special this evening by the grace of God. God richly bless you. [Music] Amen. God bless. [Music] Above all, All [Music] powers, above all [Music] kings, above all nature and all created things, above all wisdom and all the ways of man. [Music] You were here before the world began. Above all kingoms, above all [Music] thrones, above all wonderers the world has ever known. above all wealth and treasures of the earth. There's no way to measure what your [Music] word crucified and laid behind the [Music] stone you left to die. [Music] Rejected and alone like a roar trampled on the ground. You took the fall and thought of me [Music] all above all powers above all kings. That's Jesus above all natural and all created things, above all wisdom and all the ways of man. You were here before the world began. Above all kingoms, above all thrones, above all wonders the world has ever [Music] known. Above all wealth and treasures of the [Music] earth, there's no way to measure what your word. You were [Music] crucified. You laid behind the stone. You left to die. Rejected and alone like a rose trampled on the ground. [Music] You took the fall and thought of me above [Applause] all. [Music] Crucify, live behind the stone. You're left to die. rejected and alone like a rose trampled on the ground. You took the fall and thought of me above all. Like a rose trampled on the ground. You took the fall and thought of me above all. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Like a rose. Oh, trampled on the ground. Oh, do you appreciate that this evening? Amen. Appreciate brother Lynon Williams. Hallelujah. [Music] Glory. What a masterpiece of a song. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's above all. Praise God. Hallelujah. Above all powers, above all thrones. Oh, hallelujah. Above all your troubles, above all your worries, above all your trials, above all what you're going through, above all sickness. He's above all that. The God we worship tonight is above all that. He's above everything in your mind. He's above your depression. He's above your frustration. He's above your disease. There's no sickness he hasn't conquered. He conquered death. He conquered hell. He conquered the grave. And he's above it all today. He sits high and exalted above every principality, above every power, above every spiritual wickedness. He is above it tonight. Somebody shout, "Amen." Somebody give him praise. The devil is on the run tonight because he is above it all. Somebody give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. Our God is victorious. Oh, hallelujah. He's a champion and he sits above it all tonight. Oh, victorious is our God. Turn around, greet your brother. Turn around, greet your sister. Oh, hallelujah. Tell him that you love them in Jesus name. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. We are together again. Just praising the Lord. Amen and amen. Oh, we are together again. Oh, well, just praising the Lord. Oh, I know we are together again. Oh, and we're in one accord. And I know that something, help me say something good is we are together again. Oh, just praise. Oh, we are together again. We are together again. Hallelujah. Glorious praise. Glory to God. Amen. Oh, we are together. Hallelujah. Oh, that's what I've got. And I know that something Oh, it's going to happen. Something good is in store. Together again. Oh, just pray that. Oh, we are together again. We are together again. Oh, just praising the Lord. Oh, I know we are together. Oh, and we're running up and I know that something. Oh, hallelujah. Something good is in store. We are together. Hallelujah. Oh, just praise him. Oh, hallelujah. We are together again. Oh, hallelujah. Just praising the Lord. Oh, I know we are together again. Oh, and we're in one of and I know that something good is about to happen. Something good in store. We are together again. Oh, just praising the Lord. Oh, sing. Oh, sing. Oh, hosan. Oh, sing. Lift and sing. Say hos. Lift your hand at this. Someone say hosana. Hallelujah. Hosan. Oh hosana. Oh hosana. Hosana. Hosan. Oh sing hosana. Sing hosana. He didn't let the devil. He didn't let the devil win. Hallelujah. He didn't. Glory. Oh, he didn't let the devil win. Oh, sing. He didn't let the devil win. Satan, Satan lost the battle. Well, Satan lost. Help me say Satan lost. Oh, Satan lost. Without the music singing, Satan lost. Help me say Satan lost. Oh, Satan lose. Hallelujah. Satan, he didn't let the devil He didn't let the devil win. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. He didn't let the devil win. Oh, he did. Hosana. Hosana. Oh, hosana. Hosana. Hos. Oh, one more time. Ohana. Oh, sing it. Hosana. [Music] Hosana. Oh, keep playing softly. How many appreciate our brother Gideon over this evening? Amen. Amen. A vibrant minister from the Lord. God has blessed him and he's going to come and testify and preach to us this evening. So, let's get ready to hear the word of God. Amen. As we get our hearts under expectation. Oh, hallelujah. God will speak to us as he comes to the platform. May the Lord bless you. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. One more time. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Oh, one more time. Hosana. Oh, God bless you. Hosana. Hosan. Hosana. Oh, one one more time. Hosanana. Oh, hosana. Hosana. Sing it. Shout your hands up now. Hosana. Oh, sing it. Hosanana. Hosanana. Oh, hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, lamb of God. You love him this evening. You're excited this evening. They came under expectation this evening. Let me start by saying welcome. Welcome to our Easter convention. Amen. Are you happy to be here? I I'm I'm not sure why you [Music] came. I'm not sure what your expectations might be tonight. I I don't even know your needs tonight. But there's one thing I'm sure of that he is here to meet your needs. He is here to deliver. He is here to set the captives free. He is here to bring you out. He is here to turn you around and set your feet on solid ground. You believe that? Thank you, Jesus. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Amen. Amen. I know he's fixing to move tonight. I know you're not going to leave the same way you came. I know something is going to happen. You're either going to leave here better or you're going to leave here worse, but something is going to happen. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. My my my sure feels good in here. You appreciate the singing, the worship, the musicians. God bless you, brother Lyndon. What a beautiful song. Really appreciate that. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. I wasn't joking earlier when I said I I'm not sure your motivation for coming today. Perhaps somebody invited you or you thought it's a good idea to come to Easter service cuz Easter is so integral in the Christian calendar. It may have sounded like a good idea, but I want to tell you that that I don't think it was your idea in the first place. Amen. I think before the foundation of the earth, God set an appointment with you today. You couldn't miss this if you tried. You couldn't miss this. If you had another appointment, there was some emergency. Perhaps something went on. You still had to be here. Even if you're not here in person, you had to be connected online. You had to be connected today because something is going to happen and something is predestinated to happen for you. that was that was calendared and panned before the foundation of the earth. Before there was a moon or a star, you were in the mind of Christ to be here in this hour. He saved his time for soldiers like you. He saved the trials for people like you. He saved the test for persons like you because he know you could handle it. He know you have what it takes to make it in this hour. You know you have what it takes to go all the way to go from faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, and charity could drop down. He know you had it in you. You had the attributes to become the sons and daughter of God, manifesting the life of Christ, walking on two feet in this hour. Amen. You may have your seats. [Music] My Lord, you love him. [Music] You see, one of my favorite scriptures is Romans 8. Amen. 28. Anybody who knows me will say, I I say that all the time. Romans 8:28. One of my favorite scriptures. And it says, "And we know that all things, not not some, Not not only on a Sunday or perhaps when I have money or when I'm feeling good. All things work together for good to them that love God to them who are called according to his purpose. For whom he did forno which is knowing beforehand. He also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that h that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Moreover, whom he did predestinate them he also called and whom he called them he also justified. Whom he justified them he also glorified. So I believe he is not now calling you. He didn't invite you to a service tonight. He had it in his mind that you would be here in this hour and you would do whatever it took to be where you are right now. It isn't by chance. It isn't by mistake. An accident couldn't keep you back. He couldn't kill you if he tried. They might have ordered a hit against you, but they would fail because you had to be hit tonight. He had something special in store for you tonight. I I I don't know about you, but I come on the expectation for the miraculous to take place. I believe that something significant is going to take place tonight. Something special is going to happen tonight. Today, we're going to have a time with the Lord. We're going to fellowship around his word. He's going to draw near and he's going to change you. He's going to sort you out. He's going to heal you. He's going to deliver. He's going to restore you and bring you back. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may have your [Music] seats right now. I'm I'm just in the purpose of of greeting you. So, I want to wish you Easter greetings. wish you a happy Easter and the blessings of Easter. I hope you have a great weekend and I know you definitely will. On behalf of my wife and family, I want to thank the ministry for the opportunity to be able to speak to this portion of the bride of Christ in Trinad and and those that may be connected on the internet. God bless you. What a time for the bride. What a time. What a hour we live in. It's not an easy hour. It's a rough time, but we build for this time. We've been trained for this time. You know, I I was I was studying and wondering, you know, when you have a surgeon, whatever level of specialization or or maybe in the dental field or or whatever specialization you're in, often times we hear about the victory. We hear they completed this successfully. We hear that they took 2 hours or 1 hour and they did something for the first time and they didn't think it were possible. That's the part we like. What we don't see is the 30 years of research and study. We don't see the 10 years of schooling before you're able to become proficient before we could trust you and know that you have the experience. That's how I feel tonight. I feel like some some of us has been in the vineyard for 30 years. Some for 50, some for 40, some for 10, some for two. Same pay. Same pay. It doesn't matter. You see, once you have what it takes, once you learn the lessons, the teachers and governors will pass you. You will get the same reward. Same pay. The sacrifice might have been longer for you, but the outcome is the same. Think think about the children of Israel. Some may have been in bondage for their entire life. They heard God will send a deliverer. They heard that at some point we'll be set free and the taskmaster will no longer be the taskmaster. He'll be the former taskmaster. Pharaoh would be a thought of the past. And they may have died. And generations after them, two, three, four, five generations after them would have heard the same thing and died. But there came a time like today in which all the things that you heard, all the things that you believed, all the things that your great-grandmother would have handed down and passed through and you came to a point in which the season had changed. At that point, it didn't matter that I was in bondage for 50 years. The time of deliverance was at hand. And that was the only thing that mattered. Amen. It didn't matter what your father, your grandfather, your grandmother, your uncle who left church who say, "Boy, you know how long I holding on?" It didn't matter at that point cuz at that point, the season had changed. It was time for action. And tonight, I believe it's time for action. For too long, Christians have sat down and Easter in, Easter out, Christmas in, Christmas out, day in day out. And it's the same thing over and over. But in 2025, I don't think it's is is normal operations anymore. I don't think we can afford when we look around us and we see the time in which we living in, I don't think we could sit at ease in Zion, I think we have to cause something to happen and watch the Holy Spirit take over and watch him move through the camp and do what he is specialized in doing. You may have waited a long time, but I think we at a crossroads right now. I think we at a season when something significant is about to happen and you're going to witness it. [Applause] When you think about the cost and the pain and the sacrifice that brothers and sisters have gone through for you to be here in this hour, it wasn't easy, you know. When you think about the heartaches and the pains and the struggles and the fights and the agony, the sleepless nights and the cries and the tears and what they went through to see you through to this hour. It wasn't easy. But you know what? It was all for a purpose. It was for you to come to a point that you could worship the father in spirit and in truth. And he could be so pleased that he could say, "There is my spirit flowing freely." That he could look at sons of and daughters of God moving around and say, "Hey, I'm proud." Chip off the old block. Amen. That's who we are. A reflection of Christ. And Easter is a such an interesting time in the Christian calendar. Is a time when everybody want to be in church. Everybody want to identify with the group. Don't mind me, you know. I'm just getting comfortable. I'm just getting started. I'm not a long speaker. So, I'm just making sure that everything is ready. So, once we start, there's no turning back. Amen. I'm just making sure your worship is on point and you're not distracted. that on this time I want to make sure the banks are closed so you can't pay that loan that you didn't pay yet. I want to make sure that they wouldn't answer your calls. I want to make sure that you could just focus on him just for a couple moments. Cuz if you could do that, brother Brandham say in five minutes, there wouldn't be a person sick that stepped in sick that leaves sick. If if you could just believe for a few moments that nothing else matters, he is above all sovereign by himself and he's going to do something listen exceedingly and abundantly above what you could ask or think right now. Just for a few moments, you could forget what happened yesterday and the accident and the challenges and what you think happening tomorrow. Just for a moment. Just forget that for a moment because nothing could you could do right now, nothing you worry about now would change the outcome. But you know what? The God I serve is bigger than your problems. And he can deliver just like he did to the children of Israel tonight. Hallelujah. Let's just stand as we read the scripture. Thank you, musicians. Hallelujah. And the scripture is so short. I want to make sure everybody gets it. I want you to turn to the book of St. John chapter 3 and verse 16. And I want you to read it with me. At least follow with me. Every child from Sunday school should know this. Every adult should know this. It's a simple scripture, but that's what I'm going to use as a context scripture. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. Amen. Let's just bow our heads for a word of prayer. Oh heavenly father, we come before you this evening, Lord. Lord, full of expectation, Lord. Full of faith, Lord, Lord, we believe what we've said. We believe your word. We believe your promise, Lord. We believe in this hour is a special hour, Lord. And no matter what anybody else has to say and think and feel, Lord, we believe that miraculous is going to take place. We believe that there's no one that's going to be sick in this place that doesn't have to leave here sick. Lord, Lord, by your power, Lord, you said healing is your children's bread, Lord. Lord, by your anointing, Lord, we pray that you will fill all the house, Lord. Those that are upstairs and downstairs, those that are connected on the internet right now, Lord, I pray that your spirit will flow out to them, Lord. Lord, that you will grant mercy on those that need mercy. that you'll grant healing to those that maybe may may be a little downtrodden and need need a little boost tonight, Lord. That you will restore them, Lord. Lord, I pray that you will quicken the hearts of those that that come together to rejoice and to worship and praise, Lord. Lord, I pray that we we be part of that bunch at causing something to happen that a revival will break out in the homes, Lord, wherever we go, Lord, in our hearts, Lord, that we could be more sincere, Lord, and surrender ourselves to you, Lord. that we could get rid of everything else that may be distracting, Lord. Lord, that we could focus on you and fellowship around your word and your promises, Lord. Lord, I read your scripture and any man could read, Lord, but I pray that you breathe life into it. Take me out of the way. I pray that you put together these few words, these broken up words I have here, that you will surge them together, merge them together, get them in such a palatable way that your people could find good ground in their hearts for it to to to to to find a bedding ground, Lord, that it could dwell, Lord, and you could see a manifestation of your word in their lives, Lord. Lord, speak through me and speak to your people tonight, Lord. Lord, this is just the beginning. I pray that every day will be greater and greater Lord. In Jesus name we want to give you all the praise, all the honor, all the glory. Jesus name we pray. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. I don't have to tell you tonight, but he inhabits your praise. He lives. He dwells. He moves among the praises of his people. And when you worship him, you create such an atmosphere that that I may have to share the words I have here that he could guide and he will direct and only say what he once said. Amen. For a title this evening, the value of your life. And for inspiration, the love of God. You may have your seats. The love of God. I hope you appreciate the service last Sunday, brother Olu. What a powerful service we had. Amen. Hallelujah. And when you look when you look around and examine the scriptures, the Bible is really a love story. Easter is about love. That that song was a love song. And always depends on your perspective. You know, they say when you look, what do you see? It's love. When you think about that scripture we just read, you know, it says, "For God so loved the world." He gave his only begotten son. Now, there are times when you could love, but you're not willing to give. You're not willing to sacrifice because you don't love enough. You love, you know, but nah, I'm not giving you one of my kidneys because cool. I love you and know I appreciate you, but I don't love you enough. And God proved he was willing to back up his talk with action. It wasn't a talking love. This love was a action kind of love. It was a love with meaning behind it, with substance behind it. So he could see this love and a manifestation of the expression of love. When he said, "Here what you see my only son. It's not that I have 20 and I I will give one and know because you see he's the middle child and kind of problematic already so I'll sacrif and say listen this one is the one that I have chosen for special mission you know it reminded me of Abraham Abraham waited 25 years for this son and then God came and said sacrifice him sacrifice you see that's the ultimate sacrifice. After you waited, after you watched, after you prepped, you could imagine the kind of clothes that Isaac had, after you wait for 25 years. Come on, you had to have the best. You had enough time to save, to put together, to ensure that everything was perfect and just right. And God said, "Listen here, watch. You see that child? Sacrifice time." It took a level of love for God. Amen. That Abraham had had a level of faith in the word of God to be able to execute that with obedience. Amen. I also want to say when we find things of great value, we always willing to pay a great price for it because it's important to us. We willing to fight for it to protect it because the value and the perception of value to us it means a whole lot. So we're willing to do whatever it takes to get it done. Amen. But on that basis, we could also deduce or infer that the level of your sacrifice is directly related or there's a direct correlation between your sacrifi your sacrifice and your perception of value. So I understand when you raise your hand halfway so it's because you really not believing that God could do what he say. I understand that. Amen. You see, when your hand down and you allow gravity to take over, I understand in your mind that you're telling everybody without words, I don't believe too much. You know, I kind of physically here, but I'm not really here. Amen. But you see, when you lift your hands and you know you don't have $10 in your pocket and you could raise your hands and glorify God and open up your mouth and make it known that he is great and he is greatly to be praised and you worship him in spite of your circumstance at home despite what your neighbor have to tell you. And every day they throwing the garbage in front your house. And every day they upsetting you and the boss they give you a bad appraisal for nothing. Just so and you know despite that. Glory to God. I thank you that I have a job. I thank you that I have a salary to look forward to. Oh God I might be working for Pharaoh but deliverance is coming. Healing is coming. Healing is coming. My filling is coming. My redemption is coming. You see, when you start to worship like that, everybody around you could tell, you put them on notice. Listen, you could watch me, but you can't touch me like Job. You have to pass me straight. I don't mind the devil move to and fro, but don't don't stop by me because I am not one of them. I am not one of them fake Christians. I know who I serve and I believe he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. So nothing you could say could shake me off of this rock of revelation that I stand on. When you have that kind of conviction and that kind of faith, you worship because of who he is, not because of what he's done for you. You worship him because he is God. Not because of the job you have. Not because of your title or you got a new suit or tie or [Applause] dress. Y'all don't get me excited already. My My You may have your seats. I want to speak a little bit if you permit me about the first Easter. Brother Brandham in a in a message I know my redeemer liveth talking about Job paragraph 7 say here's what he said he said Job in his distress everything gone his wife had turned against him and was accusing him and all his believer friends turned against him because they only had theology and all the rest had turn turned against him but God said listen this is the love I was talking about God said come here Job I'm going to give you something, boy. I'm going to place within you something that all the devils of hell can't shake out. Every teacher in the world might accuse you one way or the other, but it'll never move. You know what he did? He just raised up the curtain a little, a little bit, and said, "Job, look yonder." And what did Job see? What do you think he saw? He saw Easter for the first time. the first Easter. He saw the first Easter and he screamed, "I know my redeemer liveth." Oh, what a blessed place to be. Every man's that's chosen of God and every woman and child comes to that spot on those sacred sands to where God lifts the curtain and you see him in his resurrected power. You know that he lives and we as Job can cry, I know my redeemer liveth. Amen. And at the last days he shall stand on the earth. Though the skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh, I shall see God. That first view of Easter made a prophet scream and the thunders roared and the lightnings flash. He saw Easter its first time. When did he see it? Not when he had his well-groomed clothes on. Not when his hair, not when he just came out the barber shop. No, no, no, no, no. Not when he was enjoying the very best of health, but when he was in trouble, when he was laying in trouble, at the hour and almost his death, that's when he saw Easter. That's when he first saw resurrection. When he saw the first resurrection, oh, it's been similar to you and I. It's been we laid on the altar somewhere until we're ready to die and said, "Lord God, do something for me tonight, today, this evening." It was then that God raised the curtain and we seen Easter. We see Easter not in a way of theology so much. We never seen Easter as wearing new clothes. We never seen Easter as rabbits and colored eggs. We see Isa in the power of resurrection of the Lord Jesus Christ. That was the real Easter. And when he screamed, God answered back with fire. In an hour like this, when it seemed that so much trouble is on every hand, God could just raise the curtain and say, "Look yonder. Look yonder. What do you see? I see a resurrected Lord and Savior. I could see Jesus Christ. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He could still heal today. He could still set free today, he could still deliver today. Amen. Amen. Amen. But you see, to truly appreciate Easterraise, we need to examine why God really loved us so much. Why us? Why was it so important to him that he was really willing to make the ultimate sacrifice? Just like I said with Abraham, why you will wait so long, be patient, and God will say sacrifice. Yeah, it seems almost unfair. But you know the beautiful thing about God, you can't think about it. You can't work it out in your mind. You can't figure it out. You can't understand his love because his love is so unnatural to us humans that we could spend whole day talking about it and still not have a clue what he thinking. [Applause] His love is very very simple but different. Because we have two main loves to talk about. What I know for sure is that his love never fails. Amen. But simply put, there are two forms of love. One form would be filio love and that's the love you have, you know, for your spouse and your wife and husband and so on. That's human love that you're willing to do things for them, you know, you're willing to fight for them. Sometimes I know some of you thinking depending on the circumstance. But then there's also agape love, the love of God. That's divine love. Amen. That is seemingly contrary to human love. It's not the same as the love you have for your spouse. Brother Brandon by example he said if a man were to insult your wife right away you'll want to kill him. You'll want to fight him. Perhaps now you may want to reconsider those decisions. But naturally you will feel inclined to defend her. But if you have a gap love, when a man insults your wife, you feel to pray for him because you know he just took God out of his thoughts. You know he's lost. you know, he has to be really really on a different kind of scale. He can't be normal because that's not what humans should do. That's God's love. That's not man's way of thinking about love. So, it's two different types. Human love reasons. God's love doesn't. God's love is hinged on faith and belief. Hallelujah. So, it doesn't change. It doesn't change based on circumstance and situational. It's the same love throughout and we saw the example of God's love when and we heard it Sunday the bull and bees and so on. That was God's love. But the Brandham himself said, "Listen, if I had my gun, I shoot the bull and pay for it." Self-preservation. But that doesn't work in the economy of God. He has a provided way. to achieve particular outcomes and that's his way and you know to face an audience like this this is brother Brandon speaking someone might say do you mean that you'd read those one little verse of scripture that sound almost childish for God so loved the world but you know what he said about He said, "There's enough in that verse of scripture to send you to heaven or condemn you forever." I love that. And if I had the power, I would in no wise change it. If I would be offered all the money in the world and to be king of the universe and a million years to reign in health, I still wouldn't change one word of that text because it's God's word. And it can never change. No matter how small it is, it's just the same. It's got the same value in it that the entire book has got. Your action and your attitude towards this little piece of scripture will seal your eternal destination. Amen. And if that scripture is that valuable, it's plenty enough for us to think tonight on it for a little while. Amen. So that scripture is enough for us to think on. There's so many things in there and we started already to speak about the love of God. So he had this unique ability to love regardless of your failures and your shortcomings and your mistakes and your ups and downs because he knew you were going to fail it. He knew you were going to fall. He knew you were going to be led astray and you would have gone wrong. But he also knew a day would come like the prodigal son where you would turn around and say, "Wait a minute. What am I really doing here? at the side of this bar trying to hide from the entrance because I really don't want anybody to see me. Why am I really here? And when that moment of realization come, you start to think and reflect, wait a minute, this is this is not where I belong. This is not where I'm supposed to be. Like like the eagle scratching around with chickens. Why I scratching for corn when it have fresh killed carcass for me to participate in? When you come to that realization, listen, if you had a practice flapping all day and all night, it don't matter. No, because you get a revelation of who you are and where you supposed to be. You believe the prodigal son thought, you know, it has servants making more than me, but that ride seem a little too long. You're too far to go back home. You believe that? No. He didn't care if he had to take a cart, a horse, a a a a taxi, a bus, a maxi. It didn't matter what people say about him on the journey. He was going home. [Applause] Hallelujah. Likewise, God knew that man was going to fail. And it didn't matter what transpired throughout the process. You know, he always had a plan of redemption. It may have had ups and downs and we look at it and we find it looks strange and we don't understand, but it it doesn't matter. We don't have to understand it. He said it. He made the promise by himself and he has an obligation to keep the promise. [Applause] So this evening we would like to think about his love and the value he placed on us by understanding what really happened at Calvary. Amen. We also want to look at what transpired since Calvary because Calvary represented a shift of power where Satan in the past was able to terrorize you, torture you, torment you. He could dangle the powers of the world and everything before ruler of darkness. He was the boss, you know, because man fell. And since the fall of Adam, he could run the route. however he wanted. Amen. But Calvary represented a shift in his paradigm where our custom doing this normal living our custom going to church our custom going Easter conventions but Calvary happened. When Calvary happened something changed. It wasn't business as usual. When we consider value as well, God had to see real great value in you. You know, because Jesus himself, he said, "Listen, if this cup could pass, if I could just walk on water, heal the sick, raise the dead, I I I having a good time with the brethren here." That was the life. But you know what he said? Said, "Not my will, not what I think, not how I feel emotionally as a man, but I am a man on a mission. I've been trained and prepared for this." And the mission must be successfully completed. So let let let's look at what happened at Calvary. And brother Brandham spoke a message that day on Calvary. I I know you know the story but listen to this. He say finally one day that's the day of Calvary. There was one came down from glory. One by the name of Jesus Christ the son of God who came from glory and Calvary was formed. That was the day that the price was paid and the sin question was settled forever. So it wasn't just about crucifixion. No, the sin question was settled because crucifixion was the means of punishment at that time. It wasn't strange. We know even the bandits were crucified. So, it wasn't unusual. It opened up the way unto this thing that we're hungering and thirsting for. Hallelujah. It brought a place of satisfaction that no man that's ever visit Calvary and seen it the way it was that can ever be the same. Everything that he ever desired or longed for is met when he reaches that place. It was such an important day that such an important thing it shook the world. It shook the world like it was never shook before. When Jesus died at Calvary and paid the sin question, this sinful world had a blackout. The sun went down in the middle of the day. And it had a nervous frustration. The rock shook, mountains rent, and the dead bodies bursted from the grave. What did it do? God zeroed in on Calvary. He wounded that animal called Satan forever. Now listen, listen. It's not just he wounded the animal, you know, but I want you to understand. Yes. Hallelujah. Now, he's been more vicious since then because it brought light to the human race. And anyone knows that a wounded animal is its most vicious, crawling around with his back broke. Now, Satan was knocked out at Calvary. The earth proved that it was the greatest price that was ever paid and the only one that could pay it. Come and done it at Calvary. That's the significance of Calvary. That's where the great price was paid. That's one of the things God had required it. No man was worthy. No man was able. No man could do it. And God came himself. and was made human and lived a human life under human desires and was crucified at Calvary. And there when Satan thought perhaps would he do it he wouldn't do it. Hallelujah. He wouldn't go through with it cuz he having second thoughts. Satan thought so. All right. He went through Gethsemane and every temptation any man ever stood, he went through it just like all men, but he paid the price. [Music] So even though it seemed like if there's a chance he may not go through with it, he did it anyway. But we need to go back a little. Jesus didn't come out and say, "Hey, yeah, yeah, hold up. Well, you know who I am. I am Jesus. I am here to go up on that cross, come back down, be resurrected. I have it covered. No, no, no, no, no. He had to go through Gethsemane before Calvary. He had to do it. There was no passing around Gethsemane and going with a level of bravado and pride and say, "Listen, I just going and pick up a cross there for some people cuz my father want me to do it." That wasn't the attitude. Hallelujah. He had to fight. He had to struggle. He had to sacrifice and go beyond himself. Go beyond what people thought was normal. You know why? For love. You see, love does make you act in strange ways. Love will make you do strange things. Just ask anybody who's caught caught. Well, I shouldn't say now. Caught in back in the day, we used to do strange things. Amen. We used to do strange things long time. We would travel from this place to this place by taxi, by car, by bus. Before my time, they used to walk. Yeah. For love. The things people do for love. I told you there's a love story this evening. In a message, Desperations 63, paragraph 126. Say, listen. Talking about the world's greatest battleground. Our dear Lord Jesus himself in the world's greatest battleground, Gethsemane, he cried out in despair. Should he take the sins of the world? It wasn't his sins, the sins of the world. Or should he just remain on earth with his disciples? What he wanted to do. But watch his humility as he humble himself. Not my will, but thy will be done. Humble himself to the word. the promised word of God of heaven. Notice he went a little further. And if he went a little farther, how much ought we to go a little farther tonight? See, and notice the scripture says here in Luke that he prayed earnestly. Brother, sister, if Jesus had to pray earnestly, how about you and I? Amen. How much more we've got to pray earnestly. If Christ, the God of heaven, made flesh, had to pray earnestly, how much more are we sinners saved by grace, pray earnestly? If the decision throw the son of God into despair to make that decision, what will it do to you and I? Desperately, we must cry. Amen. God in these last days had manifested himself so to us by his great signs and power. It should make us desperate. That's right. And he's willing to heal us. He's willing to save us. Ought we to to throw everything at him in desperation to get that healing to get that sealing to get that deliverance to get filled to be set free. The thing is, you need to want it. No matter what, we could talk desperation. We could talk emergency, but you need to want it, you know. It's not an autopilot. This is not a plane. So, just imagine Jesus had to go through this for us to access redemption. For us to be reconciled with God, to bridge the gap between sin and salvation. So we can access the grace of God. He had to go through that. And we are still presented with the option to accept it or reject it. Three type of believers you know three types. So you still have an option here for you say listen you know some folks they sacrifice and they believe because I sacrificed you have to. That is not how God does operate. That's how man does operate. Yeah. So, you see, the price you pay doesn't guarantee acceptance or appreciation. Parents could relate to this. Back in the day, you used to hear things like, "Boy, I I went without. I left myself undone from my children, for them to become educated, for them to go university. And now look at them. Look at them. They are no time with me. They're buring with me after I give everything." Now you sacrifice, you know, yes, you couldn't be faulted for that. You paid your price, but it didn't guarantee or give an obligation to the children that they had to accept the sacrifice or appreciate it. You see, the acceptance and appreciation is on them. The sacrifice is on you. So you see, it brings the question of price versus value. He paid the price. The price is what is paid. We could measure the price easily. Sometimes we quantify it. We'll say, "Look, you pay $100." Value is what it means to you. Perhaps convenience. Hallelujah. Perhaps time, perhaps luxury or comfort, right? There's often times a a real significant difference between value and price. Amen. So, here it is. God was in control of the price part. The price was, "Hey, here what I take in my son, but only son going to pay the price." But it's still up to you and I to respond. It's still up to you and I to accept or decline, accept or reject what he paid the price for. Because we have to see, wait a minute, he paid the price for us. I wonder why. It have to be something special about us or something we were lacking or something we needed. So he really pay a significant price because we are a great value. And when you come to yourself and you come to your senses, all of a sudden you're like that that that slave. when they recognize he operate different. He sleep in the same place and he eating the same food and he he giving the same instruction but he operate the reason he operate different because he came to his senses and he knew who he was. He knew that way back in Africa his father was king of the tribe. So it didn't matter where he was his position didn't change his heritage. His listen his geography didn't affect his identity. It didn't matter if somebody say, "But look at you. You in slavery just like us." It didn't matter because to him I'm the son of a king. That makes me a prince. It doesn't matter where I go. It doesn't m matter who is around me. I am who I am by myself. Nobody have to control me. I don't have to give in to peer pressure. I don't have to give in to what group think or what the crowd doing. No, I am a child of God. Sunday and Monday too, Friday and Saturday too. It doesn't matter the situation or the circumstance. If if I wear down in the countryside or in the city, I live this way because this is who I am. Because my father is a particular kind of person and I want to please him. I want to reflect him. [Applause] Amen. You may have your seats. Hallelujah. Speaking about that, you know, often times we are confused about value. We sometimes value certain things that may not be important. We pay emphasis and we give attention. We give our time. We go through great lengths and sacrifice for things that are really not significant in the great scheme of things. Yes. Amen. When we consider everything around and you really try to categorize the things that are of value, sometimes we really miss the mark. Our priorities are really turned upside down. We look at an example that brother Brandham gave and we will then parallel to some of the things that we see around us. He gives a story a couple times about a little boy up in an attic and he found I'll just paraphrase he found a little old stamp. When he found the little stamp, he had the desire in his heart to get ice cream. The ice cream probably cost about 5 cents. So when he found the stamp, he realized that this stamp may have value. So he took the stamp and he went by what is the equivalent of a porn shop today? somebody who could give him some money in exchange for this stamp. So he went with it. Give it to them. Say, "How much you'll give me for this?" Cuz he knows you want ice cream. He knows that's what you want to buy. Ice cream is 5 cents. He said, "If they offer me five cents, it's sold." Because all I want is ice cream. I don't want two. I don't want three. I want ice cream today. I want it now. Five cents is all I need. The person on the other side give him a dollar. You could imagine the excitement because instantly although he was a little boy and I don't think they mentioned his age, he would have realized that this thing is worth a lot more than I thought. I thought this could buy me a ice cream, but this could buy 20 ice creams. Suffice it to say, he left it alone and he moved on. I understand that within two weeks that stamp was sold for a couple hundred. Yeah. So the value in it obviously increased. Amen. Although the price that was paid was very small, the value was a lot more. So there's a great disparity between the two. It turns out that some months later that stamp was resold and it was appraised at over a4 million dollars. Now this is back in the day. Yeah. So the little boy he obviously didn't understand the real value of the stamp. The same could be said about stories about Bitcoin and different things where back in the day people didn't think too much about it. By the way, this is not an endorsement of it. But value could change over time. What it means to you could change over time. I want to move on though to another example that I know you're familiar with in the message doors and doors. Brother Brandham, he was talking about President Lincoln and a young man that found himself at the mercy of the state and his punishment was death. And a good friend approached President Lincoln and I'll read it from paragraph 90. He said to him as he was getting out his carriage, "Mr. Lincoln," a tall bearded typical southern skinny and he said, "Mr. Lincoln, there's a boy that's going to die in two days from now. He going to be shot because he run in the time of battle instead of standing his ground. And he said, "Mr. Lincoln, the boy isn't a bad boy." But all those musketss firing and people dying, he was nervous and he he was so upset that he threw up his hands and he started screaming. He run up and said, "I've known the boy." Said, "Mr. Lincoln, only your name on this piece of paper can spare him. Will you do it? Of course, this Christian gentleman quickly signed the paper. Pardoned. So and so signed his name. Abraham Lincoln, president of the United States. Went the messenger back as hard as he could and he run to the cell. He said, "You're free. You're free. Here is Mr. Lincoln. Mr. Lincoln's signature. You're free. He said, "This is the wouldbe guy in prison who was about to die." His response, if you never heard it before, it may astonish you. He said, "Why would you come to mock me knowing that I'm going to die tomorrow?" He said, "Take that away from here. You're only mocking me." And he would not receive it. He said, "No, I I I don't want it." He said, "You're only making if if that was the president, it will have, you know, the official coat of arms and it will have the right type of paper, probably laid paper. It will have the seal. It will have a stamp. It will have certain things that I believe is significant and symbolic of coming from the president himself." He said, "You're just mocking me and trying to make me feel good." And he started screaming, "Turn this back." The next morning, the boy was shot. Then after the boy being dead and the president's name on this piece of paper that he was pardoned, then what? They tried it in the federal court. And here was the decision of a federal courts, which is the ultimate of all our courts. What they say sometimes, we don't like their decision, but we have to abide by it anyhow. See, because that's a typost. That's the ultimate. Now, it said this decision. A pardon is not a pardon unless it be received as a pardon. And that's the way with God's word. It's a pardon if it's received as a pardon. It's the word of God. It's the power of God to those who would believe it and accept it. Hallelujah. So I could preach for the rest of the evening. If you don't believe and accept the word of God, it is of no effect. It doesn't apply to you. It's just words. For a second, I want to come back to that great exchange. We talk about price versus value. According to research, the key difference between price and value lies in their perspectives. Price is the amount paid while value is the perceived worth or benefit derived from that payment. When we reexamine the context scripture we read earlier in John 3:16, we said, "For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life." Amen. Jesus Christ, the only begotten son of God was the price and the value would be the benefit of everlasting life. Amen. If you don't see the benefit in having access to everlasting life, then it didn't matter what price was paid. It's not applicable to you. You're not in a position to accept it. You can't be pardoned as it were. Amen. You know in a message broken sistns with a brand speaking he said they think you need to have a big denomination you know together and let them all come together to have a great milling around and so forth and get thousands to cooperate. You think we need to have a a great big convention to have a revival. Sometimes God takes a little old guy that don't even know his ABCs and right amongst a bunch of illiterate people that hardly knows their right hand from the left. He can raise up a revival that will shake the world. He did it in the time of John. He done it in the time of the prophets. None of them as we know of was ever educated. But God could get a hold of them and do something with them. In this rock came forth the waters with the children of Israel about Moses say he was the rock and he commanded this rock and must be smoked and he gave abundance of pure fresh clean water to everybody that would drink. He saved all who would drink from it. A perfect parallel with John 3:16. God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son. Whosoever believeth on him should not perish but would have everlasting life. God smoked that rock on Calvary. Our judgment was upon him and from him might come the spirit of life that would give you and me eternal life. Hallelujah. That's a perfect parable of it. There is this wilderness. They never had to pull, dig, pump or anything. just partake in his provided way. That's the way that he chose to give them water. Freely when they didn't have to dig it out of a pond. They didn't have to pull it up with a bucket. They didn't have to win to get it. Hallelujah. They just had to partake of it. And that's all there is now. You don't have to join nothing. You don't have to get down and work up some something and pump it and and hope it happen. You don't have to say a word over and over till you get a confused language. No, no. The only thing you have to do is partake of him freely. That's his provided way. No pumping, pushing, nothing. Just take it freely. Nothing you have to really do, you know. Just partake of it. Hallelujah. Just believe it. It's all I can say. They never had to do anything for it. That's right. Never had to dig for it. Never had to get on and cry all night hoping water was coming. They just had to partake. It was smitten and ready. That's right. Listen. And God had a provided way. He said, "Listen, a few years ago, reminds me of now some normal modern witch doctors said, let that be baby cry." You know it have a lot of concepts and people always have a a new idea, a new de development. You say leave the children and let them cry. Let them figure out life. Let them figure it out. Don't just grab them up. Don't just hug them up. Don't just love them up. Allow them to go through their emotions. Allow them to find themselves modern witch doctor thinking. That's what he called it. They say, "Let that baby cry. Don't pick it up." In all these things like that, don't let grandma touch it. And you know what? They hatch out. You see what it is? A juvenile delinquency. A bunch of neurotics. God made a baby to be loved. That's why he made a mother to love a baby. That's why we're supposed to be this way. God made it that way. And anytime you upset God's program, you must remember you're wrong. You will be wrong. As long you're upsetting God's program, follow God's program. Do it the way God said do it. Now, the only way that that could be done, just like you were born a sinner, the only way you can ever become anything else but a sinner, it's got to be another birth. You got to be born a Christian. If you were born a sinner, then you got to be born a Christian. And it's got to be something that takes place inside of you. And that's the same thing has to take place in divine healing. Something has to take place inside of you. It has to be something take place, not just work up or emotion. It got to be something that actually happens. Hallelujah. See, it's not just, oh well, I'll just think it this way and study it that way. That doesn't do it. It's got to be something actually take place. We're looking to wind down. Let's talk about Jesus a little bit. He was described as a diamond. Was described and parallel to gold. precious, valuable. So if God is willing to give up his diamond, his precious gold, what is he giving it in exchange for? Come on now. He obviously attributed great value to your life. The value of your life is so important to God that he willing to give up a diamond. He willing to exchange gold, the highest carrot you could find. He willing to give that up for you. Listen, listen to the prophet on Calvary. He was 100% diamond was ever sure he was the greatest gold they ever found. The most expensive diamond was ever. The Bible said the kingdom of heaven is like a man that buys diamonds. And when he found this great one, he sold all the others. And just to give it to buy it, just to acquire that, he willing to sacrifice the rest. He's the greatest character diamond that was ever brought out of the dust of the earth. The greatest gold that was ever brought from the dirt. Talking about Jesus. He's a jewel, a jewel of heaven, a big diamond. When a big diamond is found in South Africa and he said, "I've been through the diamond mines at Kimbley and they take the diamonds and you know what? Then when they get them out the dust raw, the next thing they do is chip them." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And the reason they chip them, cut them is to reflect lights. So don't don't mind you get cut and chip and bruise and torn. You know, you can't reflect light without that. So he say listen we cut them to reflect lights. Put lights off of that. The carrot of that showing what carrot there is in that diamond. If it doesn't have a lot of fire and sparkle, that's not much diamond. What you got might actually be glass. You say, but when it's a real diamond, real character diamond, it will reflect and show different colors like that. Different colors. That's what he was. He was a diamond and he was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquity. The chastisement of our peace was upon him and by his stripes we were healed. Oh them rays of God's love and light reflect from him healing power, love, resurrection. God wounded him and bruised him and chopped him and cut him by a Roman sword and a Roman whip until his thighs were riven and the blood running out his back and is over his head and down through his bed and off of his feet. Oh, what was he doing? He was reflecting love. Embraced the cross instead of a soft feathered pillow, a manger of straw. Instead of a little pink gown to wear swaddling cloth, the musicians could could get ready. You have been a wonderful audience. We're on the final quotes. [Applause] Now I tell you, thank you Lord from a message conference with God. Hallelujah. Paragraph 286. Now I tell you what I want to do. Yes. Hallelujah. Wherever you are, I'd like to just stand at this time. Hallelujah. Wherever you are, you might be at home right now. You might be in work, you may be looking at this online, but for those of you who are here, I want you wherever you are to just lay your hands on somebody close by. Just so you see, it's it's not me. This is brother Brandham here. He say you just as effective. You're a believer. If you feel that the Holy Spirit is on you, maybe not in a gift like this, but that Holy Spirit is on you, someone, no matter who it is, lay hands on somebody and then bow your head. Lay your hand on somebody and bow your head. I feel led to do this. I feel that it's time for your healing. If thou can't believe, oh, the Holy Spirit moving over the audience. That little fellow yonder from Georgia praying for your brother. And I say that that mother, father, child right now, praying for your brother and sister, have faith and believe. It's just everywhere. Just everywhere. Don't pray for yourself now. Pray for the person that you've got your hands on. That'll make every one of you praying for one another. Now Lord Jesus, the son of God, who has raised from the dead, even the threats of Pontius Pilate and the Roman government seal couldn't hold you in the grave. God the Almighty came down on the day of Easter and rolled back the stone, breaking the seal, and you rose up and was with your disciples 40 days, commissioned them to go into the world and do these things that's being done. That was over 2,000 years ago. [Music] Lord, you are God. You cannot fail. You're here in this meeting this evening that we've had. We've reasoned together about these things. We've reasoned that you are God and you're here. We have been commissioned from you to lay hands on one another. You have commissioned us. You said these signs shall follow them that believe. If you lay hands on the sick, they shall recover. That's our commission. Lord, obedience is better than sacrifice. Hearkening and the fats of ram. Now Lord, as a servant, I commission and command every devil, every spirit, every sickness, every affliction, every contrary thing that's bothering these people in the presence of God, by the witness of the Holy Spirit, by the commission of an angel sent to me, I challenge this spirit by the word of God, this spirit of sickness and afflictions, come out to people in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and let them be well. Let them go, Satan. You're just a bluff. We've called your hand. The time has come when Jesus Christ has manifested himself in the presence of the Gentiles. Now, Satan, you are defeated. One time you held people, but today you have no legal rights now. Jesus Christ stripped you of every right that you had at Calvary. He paid the full price and said, "It is finished. Every complete plan of salvation, all the healing, all was finished at Calvary and you were taken from you. Everything you once possessed through sin and through the fall. Now we are redeemed by the blood of Jesus and you cannot hold us any longer. We say leave us in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Music] He took the fall and thought of [Music] me above all. You were crucified, laid behind the stone. You live to die, rejected and alone like a rose, trampled on the ground. You took the full and thought of me because of his love above all. Every hand raised all over this place. Let's sing it. He was crucified. Oh, made behind the stone. You live and die. Rejected and alone like a rose trampled on the ground. You took the fall. part of [Music] me all you were crucified laid behind the stone. You left time rejected and alone like a rose trample on the ground. You took the fall and thought of me. Let's just bow our [Music] heads. [Music] Let's just bow our heads right now. Oh heavenly father, continue playing. Oh Lord, I've delivered a message again. Lord, I look out and I see your people. And some of them, some of them don't seem convinced us yet, Lord. Once more. Lord, show up strong tonight. Extend your mercy to them, Lord. Extend your grace to them, Lord. Extend your healing to them, Lord. Lord, I pray that they see that you took the fall despite what we had to offer, despite what we could do, despite how far we could we could imagine that we could reach or we could go. You didn't depend on us. You did it out of love. What kind of love is this that you could look at us, this bunch of people on this island, Lord, and bring a word of perfection to us, Lord, to extend yourself like this for us, Lord, knowing that we're weak and lost and miserable without you, Lord. We're so grateful for your love. We're so thankful for your grace, Lord. We bless you and we worship you, Lord. Lord, our needs might be many, but today we want to just give ourselves away to you. We want to surrender everything to you, Lord. Lord, we so grateful for what you've done for us, Lord. what you continue to do for us and for keeping us Lord for blessing us Lord for giving us your word for giving us your promises in this hour Lord be so ever grateful in Jesus name we pray. Amen. May God bless you. [Music] Oh, give him praise. Hallelujah. Give him glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, he was crucified. Oh, crucified. Yeah. He laid behind a soul and he lived. He lived to die. Oh, hallelujah. rejected and alone like a rose trampled on the ground. Oh Lord, you took the fall. Lift your hand and say, "Oh, I thought of me. Oh, above all, oh above all. Oh, one more time. Crucified. Oh, crucified. Oh, and lay behind a stone. Oh, he lived to die. Oh, rejected and oh, like a rose. Oh, trampled on. Oh, catch a vision of the love of God. He took the fall. He took the pain. He took the death. He was slain. He was killed. He took your place. You should have died. But he loved you so much that he wouldn't let you die. Mercy said, "No, I will not let you go. I will not let you slip away. You don't have to be afraid. Oh, lift up your hands right now and give him praise all over this place. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, he took the form. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, and thought of me. [Music] Oh, like a rose. Oh, like a rose. trampled on the ground. He took He took the fall. Oh, and thought of me. Oh, above [Music] all. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Can we praise him right now? Lift your hands right now where you are and just worship him. Jesus paid it. Oh. Oh. All to him I know every hand lifted in this place. Sin has left a crimson stain [Music] here as snow. Oh, one more time. Oh Jesus paint it. [Music] Oh to him my own. Sin had left a crimson stain. He wash. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, the Holy Spirit is in this place. Somebody praise him. Somebody lift your voice. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. I can hear the Savior say, "Oh, somebody worship him right now. Thy strength, oh glory, indeed is small. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Child of weakness. Hallelujah. Watch and pray. Oh, find indeed thine all in all. Oh Jesus paid it. Oh lift your hands and worship him. Oh to him my oh sin had left a crimson stain. He comes for glory in I know. Oh, the Holy Spirit is in this place. Every eye closed, every head bow in reverence to the angel of God that is in the sanctuary tonight. He is walking upon the aisles. He is walking to every chair. He is walking to every pew. Do you want to be changed? Do you want to be transformed? Do you want to touch him? Reach out and touch the Lord. Somebody worship him right now. Somebody praise him right now in this place. If you believe like I believe that the presence of God is here tonight, somebody cry out and reach out and touch him. Oh, hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes. Yes. Yes. Somebody need deliverance. Somebody need a breakthrough. Somebody come. Come for a touch. God can touch you tonight. Oh, on this Good Friday. Meet him at the cross. Meet him at the cross where I first saw the light. If you want to come to the altar, you make your way to the altar tonight. Don't you leave here until God deal with you tonight. God bless you as you come. Hallelujah. Glory to God. The angel of God is here tonight. Oh, I feel Jesus in this place. I feel Jesus in this church tonight like never before. Oh, reach out and touch him. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Press your way tonight. Oh, the anointing is here. The presence is here. His spirit is here. His power is here to touch you, to anoint you. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, reach out. Oh, touch the Lord. [Music] Oh, as he passes. Oh, glory. Oh, what an atmosphere you will find. He's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. Hope he is pass. Sing by. Yes. Yes. This is your moment. This is your day. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, reach and touch the Lord as he passes. Oh, hallelujah. Yes. Reach out. Oh, touch the Lord. Oh, as he passes by. Oh, you will find he's not too busy. Yes. Yes. Yes. To hear. Oh, your heart's cry. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, come and be washed in the blood of the lamb. Come and cleanse your heart from sin. Oh, come on. Make it right tonight. Oh, if there ever was a time to make it right with God, make it right tonight. When you walk out of those doors, you don't know what's going to happen next. You don't know what tomorrow holds, but he holds tomorrow. He holds your future. He holds your tomorrow. Make your calling and your election sure. For the time is fast spent and the night is coming when no man can work. The end of the world is coming. Make sure your heart is right with God. Make sure you are right with your savior. Make it right with God tonight. If you need to repent of your sin, repent of your sin. If you need to be covered under the blood of Jesus Christ, let your soul be covered under the blood of Jesus Christ tonight. Don't you leave here until God ministers to your heart. Until God ministers to your soul. Don't you look around. Oh, the spirit of God is here. He's here convicting people. He's anointing you. He's speaking to your heart tonight. Oh, he has interrupted the service. Oh, to speak to you tonight. Oh, don't you leave here. Oh, hallelujah. Until you make it right with God. Oh, hallelujah. Here's the opportunity tonight. Oh, thou art calling. Don't pass me by. Don't pass me by, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. I need you, Father. Forgive me of all my sins, Lord. Forgive me of all my failures. Forgive me of all my shortcomings. You have already pardoned me, but I'm here to receive it tonight. You've already forgiven me. I'm here to receive it tonight, Lord. I'm here to accept it all. A pardon is not a pardon until it's accepted as a pardon. Receive God's pardon tonight. Oh, somebody praise him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, he passes by. Oh, you will find. Oh, glory. He's not too busy to hear your arms. and his plan. Sing by this moment your knees to supply. Oh, and reach out and touch the Lord as he passes. Oh yeah. Yeah. Let's just worship him right now in this place. [Music] Oh, oh, hallelujah. He's passing by tonight. Oh, he wants to touch you. He wants to fill you. He wants to anoint you. He wants to inspire. Oh, he wants to come in, come into your heart, come into your soul, come into your life, come into that channel. And you can be born again. born of the water spirit and the blood. Be born again. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Leave what you once was. Come and be washed in the blood of the lamb. Come and be washed in the blood of Jesus Christ tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, that blood. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Oh, and it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and it flows. Oh, to the Lord, lowest valley. Oh, my blood. Oh, that gives me strength. Oh hallelujah from [Music] day today. Never would have made it. It will never never lose. Oh it's power. Oh and it reaches. Oh and it reach. Oh help me sing. To the high to the highest valley. Oh help me sing. Lift your hand and say, "Oh, and it flow." Oh, to the Lord [Music] for Oh, love. Oh, that gives me strength. Oh, from there today you will never lose his [Music] power. Oh, the blood. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from then to today. It will never lose. Never lose. It will never lose. It will never lose. [Music] high. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, what a message today. Do you know the value of your life? Brother Gideon, God bless you. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Oh, hallelujah. What an anointing we feel in the house of God. Thank God for his presence. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you Lord [Music] for saving my soul. Oh, thank you Lord for making Oh, thank you Lord. Thank. Thank you Lord for giving to oh thy great salvation surrenal man. Millions were lost when you were saved. Lift your hand and say thank. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. I want to thank you for saving my soul. Oh thank Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Oh for me making me whole. As the brothers get ready to baptize the offering and all glory you Lord oh giving to me thy grace salvation surren and free. [Music] Oh, what a presence, what a joy, what a peace only he can give. Oh, hallelujah. What an atmosphere. Feel the love of God all around. Just want to pause and pick up the tassy offering and sh My God. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. We want to pray and ask God's blessings upon it. Almighty God, we just want to pause now and we feel your presence so rich and free in the building tonight. We know that it is you, Lord. It is been you all the time. We are truly grateful to you tonight, Lord. And it is it is with this gratitude Lord that we bring the tithes the offerings into the house Lord. We bring offerings to you there God. We lay it at the feet of Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. We pray to bless each one and their offering Lord. And as they give it, may you bless their hearts, Father. Bless their bread baskets, Lord. May you bless their storehouses, Lord, and give unto them abundantly as they have offered today, Father. into your house. Bless those that do not have. May you provide for them, Lord Jesus. Bless your ministry, dear God, that we continue to use these substances for the glory of God and for the furtherance of your kingdom in Jesus name. Pray and ask it. Amen. And amen. I see a crimson stream of blood. Oh flows from C [Music] far it waves which reach the throne of God. are [Music] sweeting all from me. I see. Oh, I see. I see a creep from sun stream of blood. Oh, it flows. It flows. Hallelujah. from [Music] God. Oh, and its waves, its waves which reach the throne of God. Oh, that's Lord. They are [Music] sweet over me. I see. I see. Oh, I see. Oh, a present stream of love. Oh, it flows tonight. It flows from far. Oh, and it waves. its wings which reach the throne of God. Oh Lord, how sweet he me. Oh, one more time. Oh, I see I see. Oh, a sun stream of blood. Oh, it flows away. It flows. Hallelujah. From [Music] Curry. Oh, it's way. Oh, it reached the throne of God. Oh Lord, I [Music] see my [Music] name. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Oh, thank you, Jesus. How many love him tonight? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, one more song as we get ready to close. Falling in love with [Music] Jesus. Oh yes. Falling in love. Lift your hand and sing with Jesus. Oh Lord, falling in love. with Jesus is the best thing that I've ever done. Oh, falling in love. Yeah. Falling in love with Jes. Oh, with Jesus. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Oh, falling in love with [Music] Jesus is the best thing that I ever done. In his arms. Yeah. Oh, in his arms. I feel protected in his arms. Yeah. Never never disconnected in his arms. In his arms. Oh, I feel connected. And there's no place that I rather be. Oh, one more time. Falling in love. Falling in love with Jesus. Oh Lord, falling in love with Jesus. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. Best thing that I ever done. Oh, do you love the Lord this evening, tonight? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. My God. Praise God. We thank God for his presence. You felt him swept down. Oh, hallelujah. My [Music] God. Oh, hallelujah. What a message today. Amen. Only God could do that. vindicate his own word by his presence and spirit and we thank God. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Just want to close our eyes and close out. Amen. In prayer. Almighty God. Lord, we are so grateful tonight for your goodness and your mercy. Lord, we thank you for our brother tonight, Lord, who came and labored with a burden on his heart, Lord, with a message that you give to him, Father, to speak to your people tonight, Lord. And he has was so obedient, Lord, came in and Lord, he had such expectation tonight. And Lord, you met that expectation with with your own sweet spirit. Lord, we thank you tonight, Father, for our precious brother Gideon over it. Lord, Father, Lord, who you have preserved his soul, oh God, Father, kept him alive that you would not go down into the pit, we thank you for him tonight, Lord, and to see the fruit of it tonight, Father. Lord, we are continuously giving you praise tonight, Lord Jesus. We Lord, we thank you Lord Father for for him and his ministry de God tonight and laboring here in the church Lord and this Good Friday service. What a service it was Lord the value of your life. How he expounded a word Lord Father with such understanding Lord and revelation Lord that only you could give Lord only you could reveal yourself Lord according to his faith Lord you are done unto him tonight Lord. You have blessed him tonight, Lord. And we thank you for him. And so, Father, we pray that you would uh uh uh continue to bless him, Lord. His wife, his children there, God. Father, all that he is under his charge and and his care. Lord, we pray that you would bless him 100fold. Continue to make him a testimony, dear God, Father, of your goodness and mercy, Lord, to your people in this generation, Father. This is the generation of them that seek you, Lord. Of them that seek thy face. Oh, hallelujah. How we praise you and worship you, Father. Bless your servant tonight. Bless your son tonight, Lord. And be with him, Father. Lord, bless your people, Lord. We have been the benefactors tonight, Lord, of a burden that has been released here tonight, Lord, by way of this message. And Lord, we are thankful tonight, Lord. We see it tonight. Your love for us, Lord. Lord, that is without condition, Lord. Lord, without money, without price, Lord Father. Nothing that we could do to earn it, Lord Father, but you chose us, Lord, before the foundation of the world, we will be holy and without blame before you in love. Lord, it is a love story tonight. We are a part of that story tonight. And we thank you Lord Father for the love of your son Jesus Christ who forsaken all else endured the cross Lord that we could come forth as lively stones Lord built up Lord Father into a spiritual body Lord even the body of Christ Lord. Father we thank you for Lord your word that has been preached to us tonight. We feel lifted tonight. Feel inspired of you tonight Lord. And we know that this is just the start of this weekend Lord. We have come to gather around your throne, to gather around your word, your promises. And look how you have come and blessed us already. And Lord, we we couldn't we couldn't do anything, Lord, Father, to earn this, Lord. But it is just your love that has reached out to us, Lord. You you you enlarge your tent, Lord, Father, to reach man, Lord. And we thank you tonight, Father. Lord, we pray that you continue to bless us over this weekend, Lord. and we just commit ourselves to you. Commit ourselves to your presence to the move of your spirit to the to the will of the father. Lord, may you just have your way in and through our lives, Lord. Bless your people as we look to leave now and and and and come back tomorrow by the grace of God. And if you would permit us to come, Lord, we want to come and gather once more around your word, Lord. If you' permit us to come on Sunday morning early, we come back to gather around your word, oh Lord, Father, and to hear what you would speak to us, Lord, we are under such great expectation for what you are continuing to do in our midst. Granted, almighty God, bless your people, anoint them, inspire them, Lord. May you stir their hearts up, Lord, Father. Lord, uh, and provoke them, Lord, unto your spirit and what you're about to do for them, Lord. May you just do a work in our lives. We surrender to you. We thank you Lord for your sweet spirit. Abide with us once more we pray and ask it in Jesus name and amen and amen. You appreciate the Lord. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. And amen. You you could have your seats. Amen. Praise God. I love you. Written in red. You can play that softly. We get ready to close with that song. Um but just for a few announcements. So service continues tomorrow. Uh glorious Saturday as it were. Um 5:00 p.m. tomorrow. Um and on Sunday we'll also have our service at 8:00 a.m. here at the tabernacle. Doors will open at 7:00. Services start at 8:00 for a sunrise service. Amen. As we continue to worship the Lord and and seek his face. Amen. Celebrate Easter together. Uh celebrate our risen Lord. Amen. Continue to pray up. So continue to pray up the services coming up tomorrow. We see how God is already moving among us. We know that God can do more than we could ever think or believe uh uh uh uh or fathom. Amen. Praise God. And uh we just want to just stay in his spirit. Amen. So you stay in the spirit and uh God will bless us. I believe he's just getting started. Amen. So, we thank God. Uh so, we're looking for the love of God to drop down. Sunday after the service, we'll have Easter brunch as you know. Um for those of you who may not have heard the announcement, we will be having Easter brunch after service on Sunday. So, just ensure we just want to ensure that you're there. We have a great time for fellowship and so on like that. costs and menu are on the notice board downstairs. If there's any late minute things um feel free to make us let us know of of anything um so that we could arrange beforehand. Okay. Also just a quick note u good to see you brother Ku and family. God richly bless you. Come to the house of the Lord. Amen. Good to see you here. God bless you and continue to heal you completely. Amen. As we continue to pray for you that God would finish the work that he has started. Amen. So as ushers would come and dismiss you out, may you go with the choice of his blessings tonight. Amen. And think on him. Praise God as his spirit dwells with you tonight. Amen. God bless you. Ushers, you could come and dismiss the people. God bless you. Amen. We'll see you tomorrow by the grace of God. Same time, same place. Amen. God bless you. Oh, I love you. for written in [Music] red. Oh, I love love love you. I love thee, oh Lord. That is what [Music] Calary said. [Music] Oh, I [Music] love you. I love you. Oh, I love you. Written in red. [Music] Oh, I love you. I truly love you. Oh, that is what can reset. Oh, I love I love [Music] you, oh Lord. I love you. Pretend in [Music] prayer. I love love love you. My love you is calary said. Oh I [Music] love you. I love you. Oh, I love you. Written in [Music] red. Oh, God bless you. Love you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] You [Music] are [Music] Wait a [Music] [Applause] moment. Happy. [Music]
