################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - Let Us Labour Therefore To Enter Into That Rest - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-15
Title:   Let Us Labour Therefore To Enter Into That Rest - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vd4SCP0ILdc
========================================

[Music] [Music] Praise the name of the Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you father. Just praise him this morning. Father, we bless your name, Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be your wonderful name, Lord. We worship you. We exalt you, Lord. We lift you up, Father. We lift you up, Lord. We exalt you, Lord Jesus. We magnify your name, Father. Yes, Lord. Glory to God. Exalt thee. [Music] I exalt thee. [Music] I exalt thee, oh Lord. Oh, you exalt him this morning. I exalt thee. I exalt thee, oh Lord. I exalt thee, oh Lord, for thou art holy. You have thou arty. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Oh thou art holy. Yes Lord Jesus. Oh Lord thou art holy Lord. Thou yes Lord. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Thou art holy. Oh, [Music] thou art holy. Uncle Jesus. Oh, one more time. I exalt thee with all your heart. Sing it unto him. I exalt thee. [Music] I exalt thee. I exalt thee. [Music] Oh Lord, thank you Jesus. Glory to God. I thank you Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord Jesus. [Music] Glory to God. Yes, father. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, praise God. Give him praise. Give him praise. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the name of the Lord. We'll take a minute and praise him this morning. Just worship him this morning. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Hosanna. Hosanna. Hosanna in the highest. Father, we bless your name, Lord. Just praise him. Just worship him. Oh, he's worthy to be praised this morning. Give him your all. Give him your best this morning. Oh, hallelujah. With all your might, with all your strength, with all that you have within you. Praise him. Praise him. Praise the name of the Lord. Glory and honor and power and glory and dominion and might be on our Lord Jesus Christ. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. God bless you this morning and welcome to the house of the Lord. Amen. How many are glad to be in his presence this morning? Amen. To be alive. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. For life, health, and strength. Praise his wonderful name. Good to see everyone this morning. Welcome to the house of the Lord. God bless you. Let's turn to our Bibles. Amen. To Psalms chapter 20. Psalms 20. Praise the Lord. Verse 1-9. [Music] Amen. Feels good in his house this morning. Praise God. Amen. [Music] The Lord hear thee in the day of trouble. The name of the God of Jacob defend thee. Send thee help from the sanctuary, and strengthen thee out of Zion. Amen. Remember all thy offerings, and accept thy burnt sacrifice, sealer. Grant thee according to thine own heart, and fulfill all thy counsel. We will rejoice in thy salvation and in the name of our God we will set up our banners. The Lord fulfill all thy petitions. Now know I the Lord saveth his anointed. He will hear him from his holy heaven with the saving strength of his right hand. Some trust in chariots and some in horses. But we will remember the name of the Lord our God. Can we say amen this morning? Hallelujah. They are brought down and fallen, but we are risen and stand upright. Save Lord. Let the king hear us when we call. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Just close your eyes and raise your hands and you begin to talk to him this morning. Amen. Just welcome his presence. Amen. Forget about yourself. Amen. and give your all to him this morning. Forget who's next to you. Focus upon Jesus. Amen. Heavenly Father, we appreciate you this morning. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. You get out of the way. Forget who's next to you. Amen. And just focus upon him. Forget the problems on the outside. Forget whatever it is. But this is his time now. This is King Lamb's time. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. We love you Lord. We love you Lord. We praise you Lord. We worship you Lord. Let's come and worship and bow down. Let's kneel before the Lord our God our maker. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes Lord. He's the King of Kings. He's the Lord of Lords this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, we love you with all our hearts, Lord. We praise you this morning. Oh God, we are nothing in your awesome presence, Father. Lord, we hit the dust, Lord, in your presence, Father. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are so grateful, Lord, to be in your presence. We come with a heart of thanksgiving, Lord. A heart of humility, a heart of reverence, a heart of respect, Lord. Father, Lord God, we welcome your presence this morning, Father. Lord, we want to get completely out of the way, Lord. That you could come and have your way, Father, bless your worshippers this morning, your true worshippers who would worship you in spirit and in truth, Father. Lord, and you will get all the glory, all the praise. Open up the windows of heaven and pour out a blessing. Pour out your spirit. pour out your power upon your people this morning, Father, like never before. May we never be the same again, Lord Jesus. Oh, great Jehovah God this morning. Oh, hallelujah. The God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, praise God, the God of the apostles. Praise God. Hallelujah. Come and do a mighty work among your people this morning. Come and fill and refill, Lord. May the spirit of God pour out in your upon your people, Lord. and heal the sick and raise the dead as it will, Father. Raise up the weak and the downtrodden, Father. Spirit of the living God, fall fresh upon your people today, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And Lord, at the end of it all, really careful to give you all the glory, all the honor that's due to your matchless name. Lord, bless your man's servant as he would come this morning, Lord. Lord, and use your mighty all for your honor and your glory. Meet every need in this place today, Lord. May everything be done in decency and in order, Lord, for your honor and your glory. These mercies we ask in Jesus name with thanksgiving. Amen. Amen and amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise this morning. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise his wonderful name. Amen. Turn around and greet your brother. Greet your sister. Appreciate somebody this morning. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. Good to see everyone this morning. Amen. Amen. We walk in the light. Uh [Music] we just go down one. We'll walk in the light. Such a beautiful light. Come where the dew drops of mercy shines. Oh shine all around us by day and by night. Singing Jesus the light of the world. Oh we walk. say we love it. [Music] Oh, the tear drops of mercy shine. Oh, shine all around us mighty and might. Oh Jesus and the light of Oh, all ye saints of light proclaim. Oh, and all ye saints of light of life proclaim Jesus the light. Jesus the light of the world. Life and mercy in his name. Oh life and mering his name. Jesus. Oh Jesus. The light of the world. We'll walk. Sing it. We walk in the light. Hallelujah. Beautiful life. Oh, it comes well. Glory to God. Oh yes, Lord. Shine all around us. Shine all around. Oh, it's a beautiful light. Yes, Jesus. Oh, sing Jesus the light up. Hear the Savior's earnest call. Yeah. The savior is called Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Send the gospel truth to all. Oh, and send the gospel truth to all. Oh, it is the latter. Oh, another verse. Why not seek him then today? M and why not seek him then today? Jesus. Oh yes Lord. Go with truth the narrow way and go with truth the narrow way. Oh it is hallelujah. Oh we walk this morning we walk same wheel. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord. Oh comes where. Hallelujah. Yes Jesus. Glory. Glory. Shine all around us. Oh hallelujah. Oh by name. Yes Lord and Jesus. Jesus. Oh one more verse. Come confess him as your king. Oh come confess him. Hallelujah. Come confess him as your king. Jesus the light Jesus. How many going to confess him this morning? Hallelujah. Then the bells of heaven will ring. Oh, and then the bells of heaven will ring. Oh, it is. Yes, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. One more time. We walk same wheel. Hallelujah. Such a beautiful life. Oh, comes where. Oh yes Lord. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord. by day and by night. Oh, the light of the world. Oh, it's Jesus, the light of the world. Oh, yeah. He's my Jesus, the light of the world. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise him. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. I love you, Lord. [Music] And I lift my voice. [Music] Oh, just to worship you, oh my soul. Rejoice. Take joy my king. Oh, take on my king. What you hear? Let it be. Oh, let it be a sweet, sweet song. [Music] Let's go up on your head. Oh, say I love you, Lord. And I left my Lord just to worship. Worship you. Oh. Oh yes Lord. Just praise him. Just praise him. Rejoice. Take joy. Take joy. I came and what you let it be a sweet sweet song in your one more time. I love you Lord. Sing, "Oh, I love the Lord and I live." Oh, just still worship. [Music] Oh my soul rejoice [Music] again. [Music] Oh, and let it let it be a sweet sweet sounding. Oh yes, Lord. As the music plays, you talk to him this morning. Oh, give him praise this morning. Give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah, Lord Jesus. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord Jesus. Oh yes, Lord. Hallelujah, Lord Jesus. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. Yes, Lord. Oh, give him a shout. Give him a praise this morning. Yes, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Oh, somebody bless his name. Somebody praise his name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah. This is your time to praise him. Give him praise. Oh I love you Jesus. Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah Lord. Oh glory. Glory to God. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Glory to God. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Oh my soul rejoice. Oh take God my king. in what you hear. Let it be a sweet, sweet, sweet song in your head. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sweet song. Oh yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Glory. Glory to God. Glory to God. Yes, Lord Jesus. Sweet, sweet, sweet song. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Jesus took my burdens and he Oh, he roll them in the sea singing. Hallelujah. Now I have a piece that all my sins all my sins and he roll them in the Jesus to sing. Hallelujah. He rolled them for glory. He rolled them. Oh, and now I have a piece that glory. Hallelujah. all my sins and burdens. See, oh, how many know he rolled your burdens this morning? Hallelujah. You praise him this morning. Oh, all your sins, all your trespasses. Hallelujah. Roll away this morning. You are free to praise him. You are free to worship this morning. Hallelujah. Glory. Go. Sing all my sins and burden. Jesus took my Jesus took me. Oh, sing it this morning. Glory. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, glory. [Music] Hallelujah. Now I have a peace that he had all my sins. And oh, it's not by might. It's not by power. Oh, but by my spirit. Praise the Lord of host. It's not by my hallelujah. It's not by my power. No, but by my spirit. Praise the Lord. This mountain this month. Hallelujah. You speak it this morning. Glory. This shall be removed. Oh yeah. This month. Oh yes Lord. Glory. Shall be removed. Oh yes Lord. Glory to God. It's not by might. It's not by might. It's not by power but by my spirit. Lord of host. It's not by Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, this mountain. Oh, this shall be removed. Glory. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Shall be removed. Shall be removed. Glory. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, by my spent. Oh, glory. Glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Since I lay my burdens down. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Since I lay my Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Since I lay my burdens down. Oh, glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, sing my I'm feeling much better. Feeling better. Oh, so much better. Oh, since I lay. Oh, glory to God. My burdens now. Hallelujah. are feeling better. Oh, lay them down this morning at the feet of the cross. Oh yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. One more time. I'm feeling better. I'm feeling glory. Oh yes, Lord. Since I lay my burdens down. Hallelujah. I'm feeling better. [Music] Yes, Lord. Since I done, if you put Oh, if you put your trust in Jes Oh, everything is going to be all right. He will make He will make your load feel easy. He will make your burdens light. Oh, if you put your trust in Jes. Oh, everything is going to be your Hallelujah. He will make your Lord see me. Oh yes, Lord. He will make your Oh, give him praise this morning. Give him a shout. Give him a shout this morning. Give him a shout. Praise God. Yes, Lord. Yes Lord Jesus. Oh, somebody praise him. Somebody worship him. Somebody glorify him. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Yes, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, we will praise him. We will praise him. Oh, we'll praise him in the morning. Praise him. Oh, we will. Hallelujah. Praise. Oh yeah. Praise him. [Music] We will praise him. Sing praise. Oh we will. Oh glory. Praise him in the morning. Praise him. Oh we will praise him. We will. Somebody praise him this morning. Oh, give him one more time a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, give the Lord a shout this morning. Somebody praise him this morning. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, we praise him. We praise him. We praise him. We praise him. We praise him. Glory. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh yes, Lord. That my Jesus set me free. Sing it out. That my Jesus set me free. Sing it. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, and Satan had me bound. But oh Satan had me b but my oh saint Satan had me bound by Jesus. Oh singing glory. Yes Lord. Oh hallelujah. I'm on my way to heaven. I'm on my way to heaven and I'm shouting glory. I'm on my way to heaven and I'm Oh, I'm on my way to heaven. I'm shouting the victory. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Oh praise. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Just worship him in a few minutes. You can be seated. Amen. Just worship him. Amen. Just worship the Lord. While you're seated, just praise him. The Lord, you deserve. Oh, just praise him. Just praise him. Just praise him this morning. Just raise your hands and close your eyes and just praise him. Hallelujah Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory. Many want to praise him this morning and the honor. Lord, we lift. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great in America so great. There ain't no one else. Thank you Jesus. Yes Lord. There ain't no one else like you. You are great. America so great. No one else. No one else. Lord, there is no one else like you. You deserve the glory, all the honor. Lord, we lift our hands. Oh, just worship him this morning. Oh, as we praise your holy name. All you deserve. Oh, and the up. Lord, we lift our hands. We lift our hands to you this morning. We pray. Oh, you are so great. Sing it to him this morning. Oh yes, Lord. No one else but you. Oh [Music] no, you are great. So very great. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, let's all stand. Hallelujah. Give him praise. You are great. Oh yes Lord Jesus. So great. Oh yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. You are great. Let's all stand. Hallelujah. Oh give him praise. Give him praise. Yes Lord. Hallelujah. No one else like you, Jesus. Hallelujah Lord. like you. You deserve You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands. Oh, as we praise him, you deserve. Oh, we honor. Oh, Lord, we lift you and we praise you. You are America. [Music] There is no way. [Music] There is no wonder. [Music] Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let's worship the Lord right now. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. And amen and amen. Let's bow our heads a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your presence tonight today. And we pray that you would come down in a special way and minister to the needs of the people. Father, your word is still true. That you echo through all your prophets in the Old Testament and your servants in the New Testament. And Father, your word is just as real. Your Holy Ghost is just as real. It's the same Holy Spirit. You said there's one Lord, one faith, and there's one baptism. Father, may you come down this morning and baptize those with your Holy Spirit. Amen. Bring revelation, faith, bring virtue, powerful service, and bring knowledge, the full seed into the hearts and lives of your children. Grant it God in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. God bless you. Thanks for coming. If you have your Bibles, let's go straight to the word. Hebrews chapter 4. We want to read 1-1 and also St. John chapter 12 20- 24 for scripture reading this morning. Praise God. What an atmosphere. And we just grateful to God for that this morning. Hebrews 4. Let us therefore fear least uh a promise being left us of entering into his rest. Any of you should therefore seem to come short of it. For unto us was the gospel preached as well as unto them. But the word preached did not profit them, not being mixed with faith in them that heard it. For we which have believed, do enter into rest, as he said, as I have sworn in my wrath, if they should enter into my rest, although the works were finished before the foundation of the world. Praise God. Uh and for he spake of a certain place of the seventh day on this wise and God did rest the seventh day from all his works. And in a at this place again if they shall enter into my race my rest. Seeing therefore it remained that some must enter therein that they to whom it was first preached entered not in because of unbelief. Again he limited a certain day saying in David today after so long a time as it is said today if you will hear his voice had not your hearts for if Jesus has given them rest then would he not afterward have spoken of another day? There remainth therefore a rest to the people of God. For he that entered into his rest he also has ceased from his own works as God did from his his verse 11. Let us labor therefore to enter into that rest, least any man fall after the same example of unbelief. And we want to go to St. John chapter 12 and we want to read from verse 20. And there were certain Greeks among them that came up to worship at the feast. The same came therefore to Philillip which was of Bazaar of Galilee and desired him saying sir we would see Jesus. And Philillip cometh and tell Andrew and against Andrew and Philip tell Jesus. And Jesus answered and said unto them, saying the hour is come that the Son of man should be glorified. Verily I say unto you, except a corner wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone. But if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit. May God bless his word. You may be seated. Praise God. I really appreciate you all coming out this morning uh for to hear the word of God. Amen. Praise God. All right. So, Hebrews 4:11, the Amplified says, "Let us therefore be zealous and exert ourselves and strive diligently to enter that rest of God, to know and experience it for ourselves." Amen. that no one may fall or perish by the same kind of unbelief and disobedience into which those in the wilderness fell. Just remember, happy Father's Day to all the fathers here. It's a blessing and a privilege to be a dad. Amen. I I I love fatherhood. I love um I all excited about that. You have lives to lead, lives to direct. Amen. And them guys that tall like you, they they didn't born that size. They born big. You see them from small. And it's how we treat them from small is what going to guide them and direct them. It's like a farmer plant and a plant because you mold it and shape it and whatn not it going to bring forth. And you can't change. You see you can't change them old and hard now. You can't bend them. You can't break them. Too old. You fail. when they were small to to deal with them and to manage them how you're supposed to manage them and when they come adults it become different and I I um believe that the children as they get older the parents the father become a mentor to his sons the mother become a mentor to our daughters amen praise God so we will deal with that some other time but today I have something upon my hand I want to share now John 12:24 and Jesus talked about except a corn fall on the ground and die. He said, "Is sure you assure you most somn I tell you unless a grain of wheat falls into the earth and dies, it remain just one grain. It never become more but lives by itself alone. But if it die, it produces many others and yields a rich harvest." Amen. So, I hope this word encourage you this morning, but I want to encourage you to labor to enter into your inheritance. Yes, sir. You see, if you see it differently, your whole approach it differently is your inheritance you're talking about. Amen. Amen. Amen. So Paul, so unless the green falls in the wrong and die, it abides alone. So Paul said, "Fight the good fight of faith." Isn't that right? So it's a labor. It's a fight. So you can't say you're tired and you're weary. Oh God, I can't take no more. When the Lord will come, stop talking that talk. Whenever the Lord come, he choose to come. That's his business. Your business is the fight. There's good fight of faith. Your business is to wrestle with your problems, wrestle in your situation. That is your business. Is it? Amen. Fight the good fight of faith. So on uh prayer meeting night, I shared some stuff there. I don't know how much of you listened to it. I don't know how much you have slept on it and fell asleep while praying, fell asleep by the exhaustation was going on. But I shared created me a clean heart and I thought to bring back some of the things that was there. This was a prayer that David was talking about in Psalms 51 after he fell in sin within Bashibba and he was talking about wash me thoroughly. I act in my transgression against thee have I sinned and David say thou desire truth from the inward part no old talk. David wasn't playing games and say well it's not me and you know the reason why and all kind of fancy explanation. He wasn't in that at all. David was straight clean and clear and he said purge me with hissup and I shall be clean. This is God he's speaking to. Wash me and I shall be whiter than snow. Make my make me to hear joy and gladness that the bones that which has broken me rejoice. Hide thy face from my sins. Blot out my iniquities. And then he said create in me a clean heart and renew a right spirit within me. And we are saying that God, we want God to hear our prayer. We want God to answer our prayer. We don't want to be wasting time like saying all kind of prayers that God have nothing to do with it reaching us far the roof and dropping back right back. No. He said, "If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me." Once you have iniquity in your heart, so so if you hear that and you have iniquity in your heart, right away you want to repent right away. You want to get rid of it. You can't expect to hear this and keep iniquity in your heart. You have to get rid of that because you want God to hear you. You say, "Have mercy upon me, oh God." You want God to hear you. And that David said, this is Psalm 66. But verily, God had heard me and he had attended to the voice of my prayer. Blessed be God which had not turned away my prayer nor his mercy from me. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Blessed be Oh, you have to join David. You have to join in that praise and that worship. Isn't that right? All right. Amen. So, Baram says, you never turn a cold shoulder to anyone. No matter what it is, even if they mistreated you, do it anyhow. If you can't do it from your heart, then you ought to come to the altar and stay there till that spirit comes into that your from your heart that you can love those who doesn't love you and then and that's when God will answer your prayer. Notice how Job get double portion when he forgive his brethren and pray for them then God give him his blessing. Oh pray. What is iniquity? Iniquity is something that you have done wrong and you know better that you ought not to have done. If I conceive iniquity in my heart, God will not hear me. I don't care how much saint you are, how much books you have, what teams I listen to, is God will not hear you. Iniquity, prophet, is something that you know that you ought to do and you won't do it. You know better, but you won't do it. It's iniquity. You know, they should stay with the word of God, but for the church sake or somebody else sake or how we see it and what not. And you know better. When you know better, you do better. When you know better, you speak better. When you know better, you act better because you're responsible for the word that comes your way. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. All right, let me skip down quickly. We spoke about Abraham as a sign of surrender offering his son Isaac, his only son. What how you how would you feel if you have one child, only son, and God say offer him up. And Abraham did not hesitate. He followed in what? obedience, willingness, isn't that right? And we know we offer up Isaac, so I'm skipping through quickly. David and David after that same Psalms, David said, "Oh Lord, open my lips and my mouth shall show forth thy praise." And then David said this, "For thou desireest not sacrifice, else I would give it." It was if you want sacrifice, I given it. But then he said, "Thou delightest not in burnt offering. The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit, a broken and contrite heart. Oh God, thou will not despise. So now we find out what God want. Not bulls and goats and and bullocks and and lambs and rams and all these slaughtering and and fire on them. Not that he want, you know, he want your spirit to be broken. He want a lamb like you want a certain quality of spirit in you. Now the opposite of that to this humility, submission and obedience is stubbornness, disobedience and rebellion. That's the opposite of that. Hallelujah. But a Hugh, if anybody's downstairs and not supposed to be downstairs, send them tell them get upstairs. All right. Hallelujah. Tell them get upstairs. Hallelujah. The opposite to this humility, submission and obedience is stubbornness, disobedience, and rebellion. And this is clearly reflected in Saul. And and we know the story what God told Samuel told Saul to do and whatnot. And he disobeyed. And then when Samuel came to him, he said, um uh blessed be the Lord. I have come performed the commandment of the Lord. This is partial obedience, which is something I never used before, a term I never expressed before that you could partially obey. God don't want partial obedience. God want full obedience. And you know the quote full obedience to the whole word of God entitles you to the token. So you partially partially that's not good enough. See God going to shake you off your religious perch. You know that perch is posing on that religious God will shake you off of it, you know. Amen. Because some people content to come to church. That's that's their religious duty. I come to church here. I you know people think I backslide come to church. But that's not what we talking about. The scripture we read to all of them heard the word but the word they heard was not mixed with faith and they perished. They died. This is people who came out from Egypt. This is people come out in the message. This is people who have books and tapes. They died because the word they heard wasn't mixed with faith and they died in the unbelief. Oh, give the Lord some praise in the house. Go just watch me. We come into your house tonight. Hallelujah. So when Samuel came and he said, "What is this bleeding I'm hearing in my sheep?" He said he said they have brought from the Amalachites for the people spare the best of the sheep and the oxen to sacrifice unto the Lord thy God. And then Samuel said I will tell you what God say when there was little when he was a nobody when you didn't have what you have. Hallelujah. Because when you have what you have now you're acting like a picture. Nobody can't talk to you. Nobody can tell you nothing. You're not hearing the word. You're not taking correction. You're not taking nothing. Amen. Are there some people that don't want to be spoken to? I want to come to church and go back home. Don't tell me anything. So Paul said, Saul said, Samuel said to him, um, okay. Um, and Saul said to Samuel, "Yeah, I have I have I have obeyed. I have obeyed the voice of the Lord, and I've gone the way which the Lord sent me, and I've brought Ag, the king of Amalcch, and have utterly destroyed the Amalachites." But the people make an excuse now. But the people took of the spoil, sheep, and oxen, and the chief of the things, which have been utterly destroyed, the sacrifice of the Lord. Give me an excuse. And then Samuel said, "Had the Lord as great delight in burnt offering and sacrifices, in obeying the voice of the Lord. Behold, they were the word come. To obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams." For rebellion is as a sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. Now, I've never zoomed in on stubbornness. And I happen to see this and I begin to, you know, like you're doing a zoom in on this word called stubbornness. And stubbornness is a dogged determination not to change one's attitude or position on something. Come on. Stubbornness is the quality of being determined to do what you want and refusing to do anything else or being difficult to move, change or deal with. Amen. Stubbornness refers to the unyielding resistance to God's will. A hardness of heart that refuses correction, instruction, or submission. It is linked with rebellion and disobedience, a will that insist on its own way rather than God's. 1 Samuel 15:23, for rebellion is as a sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. So stubbornness is equated with serious sin. Iniquity and idolatry. Why? Because it places one's will above God's. So you are fixed because you see it so and you think it so and you speaking it so. You are operating by you and you will pay for that. For rebellion is as a sin of witchcraft. That's what the Bible says. I want to say it again. Rebellion is as a sin of witchcraft and stubbornness is idolatry. In the amplified it says that stubbornness is like household good images. Because you have rejected the word of the Lord, he shall also reject you from being king. Amen. Amen. Zechariah 7, we read this. God speaks and they refuse to hearken and pull away his shoulder and stop their ears that they should not hear. And they have made their hearts as a diamond stone. Lisa should hear the word Lord and so on like that. And therefore it shall come to pass that as he cried and they would not hear. They're the prophets. Amen. So they cried and I will not hear say the Lord. Amen. So God given a deal. When the word come and you don't want to listen. Good. You praying stubborn. You don't want to hear. You don't want to subject yourself. You don't want to fall in line with what God said. Not what the preacher is what what God said as the word. He said when you cry I would not hear you because when the word come to you you're not listening. You want to continue in what you're doing. You wouldn't repent. You wouldn't adjust. And that's why those type of people they break because they're not flexible. They can't bend. Because when you see you begin to yield, you could bend. You could flow with the wind. You could flow with the breeze of the Holy Ghost. When you're stiff in stubbornness, you break. You get upset. You get mad. It breaks you. And you feel hurt. And you're hurt. And you're hurt because you are stubborn. Hallelujah. Give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. God said in Jeremiah, but this thing command I on and them saying, "Obey my voice. I'll be with your I will be your God. You shall be my people." Now notice there's not church thing, you know. Come on. I want you to understand how the flow going. You know, there's not church and I'm going at this church and when that church, there's not church thing, you know. This is God speaking here. Tell them, "Obey my voice, and I will be your God, and ye shall be my people, and walk in all the ways I have commanded you, that it may be well unto you." But they hark not, nor incline their ear, but walk in the counsel, and in the imagination of their evil heart, and went backward, and not forward. And since the day that your fathers came forth out of the land of Egypt, unto this day I have even sent unto you all my servants and prophets rising early and sending them. Yet they hack not unto me, not inclined, but hardened their neck and did and did worse than their father. Amen. Amen. So rebellion and stubbornness brings judgment and ruined. Why not surrender tonight and ask God to take that stubbornness from you? Now 1 Corinthians 9 24 says and that's you know know ye not did I give the title of the message? No not yet. Know ye not that they which run in the race run all but one receiveth a prize. So run that he may obtain and every man that strive for the mastery here we go. Get this powerful word is temporate in all things. Amen. Amen. And Paul said, "I run not as uncertainly so fine eye, not as one that beat the ear, but I keep my body and bring it into subjection, least that by any means when I have preached to others, I myself become a cast away." So Paul wasn't excluding himself. He was saying if I don't get this thing right, if I don't get the discipline right, if I don't get the temperance right, I myself will become a cast away. Hallelujah. I have to check myself. I have to get it right. Isn't that right? Okay. The title of the message this morning is let us labor therefore to enter into that rest. Amen. And I have an inspiration, the debt of a corner wheat. Hallelujah. I have a question for you. Temperance on the on below is three virtues and on top is three virtues. Temperance is right in the middle. I want to ask a question to you. Is temperance a sign of the seed dying? That's the question I want to ask you. This virtue called temperance that green there because only God could give you faith. You don't have that. That's a revelation. Only God could give you virtue. You don't have that. That's that's his power. As Mary received him to give you power. Only God could give him knowledge. His knowledge. But you see temperance. That's different. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. That is the same age that the seed went into the ground. Amen. Through the dark ages, that age day of Titara, the seed of God, went down into the ground, die out, and then up come Luther. Up come Wesley. Amen. Up come Pentecost. So God will give you the seed. Listen to what the Bible said. As many receive him, to them give you power to become or power to be transformed or power to be conformed. It was not instant, son, but power to become. You have to grow up. You have to add up. You have to measure up. Give the Lord a praise in the house. God ain't call you to be as you are. God call you to change you and transform you. And if you are how you are 20 years ago, shame on you. We ought to be higher up. We ought to be further up. We ought to be better than we was last year. Okay. The Lord has shouted the house. The cars getting better. The house getting better. All kind of things getting better. Man in a sinful condition making better things. Oh, glory to God. And God sent a prophet to turn our hearts back to the faith of the fathers that we can have a better experience. Oh, give the Lord a shout that we could be the people that has the manifestation of the sons and daughters of God. The people who the whole creation is grown in and travailing for. [Applause] Hallelujah. All right. Glory to God. Wait till Russia is setting out here taking over the nations and things like that. You know I read these things already but never getting you know like how Isaac would say drive down slowly. Listen to these words. This is the same prophet that prophesied when they take the pope out of America in the same spirit. That's that means Russia will not stop at Ukraine. Amen. Hallelujah. It's not only Ukraine they going after you know they have lost a million men and that not even Putin even blink at that. Do you hear that? That one like the Holy Spir get killed. Do you understand that they lost a million men, you know, mothers lost their sons, you know, wives lost their husband, you know, 1 million. And he's still there resolute. Wait till Russia is setting out there taking over the nations and things like that. And this country because of its backsliding. You will see what was right and wrong. That's right. You will see whether your lukewarm religion will pay off or not. What is it? It's the devil. The invasion is on. I ain't saying nothing about this individual or that individual. I am saying this is barbe. I am saying it is unclean spirits that are possessing people driving them right into it. The invasion of United States. The overthrow of the church. The church is overthrown by the devil. And a couple of months ago, I heard saying why would the devil send the press now when the devil is inside the church. Look at here. Because the devils invade and overthrow the churches. That's why so much of bitterness and anger and hatred and malice. The devil's in the church. the devil behind the pullpit, the devil bringing clothes because we have to get to the unity of the faith. But before we get to unity of the faith, we have to get to unity of the spirit. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Unity of the spirit means that you can work in harmony with somebody. That's why he said they give you a new spirit to work with the Holy Spirit because your own filthy human spirit, God can work with that. A new heart I will give you. A new spirit I will give you. Can I give you my spirit inside of you? Oh, give the Lord some praises. Give the Lord a shout in the house. We're not here to make up church membership. We're not here to make up church numbers. We had to bring the word word on top of word on top of word. You take it or you leave it. Oh, the Lord a shout in the house. [Music] Amen. We not going and do open your mouth and force food inside your mouth. Nobody doing that at all. Amen. Brother Abraham said the church is overthrown by the devil. He said, "Oh God, send us some oldfashioned sacrifice men who doesn't know A from B and knows the power of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus who will preach repentance. Send men and women to the altar to love the Lord Jesus." And then down the preachers stand on the platform today. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You say when you get let me go down there. When you lay the facts down, the people come to hear you in evangelical service. You're trying to get the thing that and preach the gospel and get people repenting and get them out. They blow up and walk out. Don't have to hear it. I can imagine some people say, "How about you how you could talk about creating me a clean heart?" He had dirty. God had right is they don't have to hear it. He said, "But no, they don't. But, brethren, they're going to have to repent or perish." God, listen, Brother, let me preach like I've never before. Let me preach to dying men as a dying man myself. Amen. Let me preach to people like I've never had another sermon to preach. Let me persuade them to come to the altar with streaming faces, with tears, go back home and live like Christians. You see, you're believing one thing, but you're living something different. So your belief and life is not adding up. Don't say amen now. Are you begging for a whether you say amen or not, what I have to bring, I have to bring. How you react doesn't affect me. You know, I have to deliver what I have to deliver. Amen. Hallelujah. What? Go back home and live like Christians. Live in your in their neighborhood. Stop all this frolic and running around, jumping, carrying on, acting this way and blowing up this way. Don't do that. That's the devil. Them demon spirits come Christians. Four people say, "Amen." Hallelujah. So all churches who feel they they're superior and and on top and they one up and whatn not foolishness all that all that deceiving the people the people in arrogance and the people feel and the right place at the right man demon spirit come upon Christian don't bring that here that kind of ganja message ganja they smoking and getting on we don't sell them thing here we don't smoke those things here let them keep on smoking that out there Remember those ministers down there? The them prophets were prophets. Religious men offering sacrifices. They're religious as it is today. But brother, they was a long way from the truth. Amen. Okay. I almost skip a lot of things. Talk about Noah getting out before judgment and so on. He said, "Remember before the rain fell, Noah was in the ark. Before the fire fell, Lot was out of Sodom. I can't do nothing till you come hither. I've got a leaf in my hand to pull and make the fast of heaven." Here we go. And I think that exactly the angel of destruction is holding the hand of Russia with the atomic bombs. Come on. Because right now Putin thinking about nuclear, you know, with nuclear you answer to that, you know, and I keep wondering what is happening here. Russia is so much bigger. Russia has so much army and technology and what and this Ukraine only like slinging shut and you know for how long three years. What is the clock that God is using? What is God looking at? Is it the bride coming into position to know who she is? Amen. Why things are worse right now? You sitting here and Israel bomb Iran and Iran loosing missiles against Israel. The whole east place they going to light up just now. Yes. Amen. Things is about to begin. The drama is still coming to getting to start. And you can't sit here like you're ignorant, like you don't know, like you can't sit here like that. Too much of things happening all around. The pope coming out of America is a signpost. The prophet nailed it since in the 50s. When they do that, this going to happen. When they do that, this going to be unfolding. Amen. Are you looking for that? I think the angel of destruction. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. Oh, you have an angel in charge of destruction. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. And that angel is on the earth. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Stop this war. Stop this war. Let them reach so far and no more. Stop this because my people backstage. Stop it. Hold it. You got to come forth. You got to come true. You got to repent. You got to make things right. You got to come out stubbornness. You got to come out ungodliness. You got to come in that filthiness. You got to come out of it. Today, when you hear my voice, have not your heart. [Applause] Let me read it for you. The angel of destruction is holding the hand of Russia with the atomic bombs until the church comes together as one great body of Christ. [Applause] What church you talking about? The bride and seven thunders. Gather the bride together. Seven thunders. May he show the bride how to prepare for great translation faith. Glory to God. It's going to take those seven thunders to wake the bride up again. Time to wake up out your slumber. Time to get up your stuper, out your foolishness. Time to wake up. Glory to God. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Yes, Lord. And the side getting thinner and thinner. Yes. The wicked getting wicked and wicked. There's nothing to do but to destroy the whole thing. Amen. Every thought of man is continually full of sin. Everything man thinks about today is bottle whiskey. Woman running around can't live true to their wives. Boys can't live true to their girls. Girls can't live true to the boys. They're living such a place that the devil got them so bound and possessed with evil spirits. The whole thing is a convolution of sin. And that's the reason we are in the day. Here we go. And that's the reason Russia is playing exactly in the hands of God. Amen. to rock this thing out here. Yes, sir. The Bible says so. Amen. God is using communism. Yes, he will use it. And communism will destroy the entire thing. Amen. According to the scripture and we are in that day. Yes sir. Amen. So this is a backdrop of where we going. Hallelujah. That's the reason God raised up Russia yonder with the atomic bomb. Amen. To wipe her off like the anti- ruling flood was and he raised a cloud shore. Russia, that atheistic country has absolutely played in the hands of almighty God. Amen. Just as King Nebuchadnezzar was to destroy Israel. Amen. Because they failed to walk with God. Amen. And whenever Israel backslide and fail to walk with God, he let some king come and take them. Amen. into captivity. He will put your house into captivity. He can put a curse over your own house because there's lack of repentance in your house. And when you repent and get out your ways, things will change that cloud, that darkness over your house, God will cancel it. If you prepare to repent, if you prepare not for partial submission, but for full submission, not for partial obedience, but for full obedience. Oh kay in the house, [Applause] Glory. The Bible said in the Catholic Church in her was the blood of the matches of Jesus. How much Christians they killed during the dark ages? Millions. Over six million Christians was killed under the hand of Rome. And Jesus prophesied they will kill you thinking they're doing God a service. Listen to what the prophet says. Russia raising right up to avenge the saints of the Catholic Church of the blood that shed for the saints. Amen. So God using that country to avenge what Rome has done. We are here. That couldn't happen 40 years ago because 40 years ago they didn't have the missile system they have right now. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. And 40 years ago we we didn't have what we have here right now. Amen. We are wrapped promises. We anointed with expectation. We know what about to break. Something about to break. Praise God. Praise God. I don't care what your family going through, what you going through, what you're thinking, what you're feeling. The Bible said as wasn't there as a Noah. They eat, they drink. Nothing normal. Normal living. Oh, the Lord. I shout in the house. The day Noah entered in the ark, rain was coming. The day Lot kept out, fire was coming. People thought they was going to the bank that day. People thought they were going to withdraw their salary. Fire was coming. Oh, give the Lord a shout. They wasn't going to make it to the bank because judgment was set. Oh, glory to God. And God, blood on the mercy seat is what them thunders is about. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's what the message world don't understand. Blood on the mercy seat is what them thunders is about. Oh, glory. Mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied for me. There my burden soul found liberty at Calvary. Oh give the Lord some praises. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] God God God told the prophet one time pick up the pen and write. Yes. Yes. So he writing what he think and feel. No. He said pick up a pen and write this. I want to write this for my people. Amen. In the last days the true bright church comes to the headstone. Yes sir. Will be a super church and a super race. So when you talk about weakness and weakness and oh God you know I going through and nobody know the trouble I see. Cut that crap out. Amen. This is the prophecy here. This is your word. This is what God saying. If you don't believe that is you are in unbelief. You have to believe what God said. Not what you feel, not what your mind think. You have to say amen to this. In the last days, this bright church will be a super church, a super race. You have power over cancer, power over tumor, power over the Amen, power over sickness, power over devils, power over disease, a super church, a super race as we near the head. [Music] [Applause] I have no scripture to say let those see weak say the weak. It have no scripture for that. Have no Bible for that. Let the weak say I'm weak. The Bible let the weak say I'm strong. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. [Applause] Note note all what we preach here so far have nothing to do with sermon preaching. It has nothing to do with preacher or sermon or nice teaching or revelation. It has nothing to do with that. [Applause] Last day of the true bright church comes to the headstone. Yes sir. We'll be a super church a super race as in the headstone. Yes. Have this morning people don't born racist. A child born racist. You know you put children brown, blue, black, whatever color they are. Put them in a cooler class, they will laugh, play, play. They don't even know they have different colors. What make them racist? Seeds put into them. Yes. Yes. Things spoken into them. But God say in the last days there'll be a super race. [Music] Hitler. Hitler wanted that. You know, Hitler thought the Germans were the super race. You know, kill everybody else. Kill the Jews because we are the super race. They're killing ma'am, haul, blind. Anybody that have sickness, kill them as if he is the creator. As if he involved in making the material of man. He dead. They don't know where he dead. He dead and gone. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Everybody want to be super. And and that and that is very foolishness. Yes. Yes. Think about it. Out of one blood, God made all man. Amen. Amen. Yet one man could see himself superior or feel superior than another man. And God seen that as foolishness. [Music] You hear me say already like them ants. If you have ants outside or ants or bach and them have placard they protest. They don't like the government. They're like them humans up there and then put black and looking them is so walk and the black display finish. Yes. Yes. Yes. You walk on top of them and all that blackard fall. Yes. That's how God look and see man. Yes. Yes. I said this, I go do this and one man say tomorrow I go big bands I spend my business I go do this and God said oh fool tonight I coming for you yes yes yes when he talking about tomorrow God said tonight yes your soul's required of thee don't talk that kind of way don't be a fool you have to know who's the boss you have to know who's the chef who's in charge the Lord some praises All right, let's go. The first son was given a bride to produce himself. She fell. Amen. Right. She caused him to die. The second son spoken seed words was given a bride like Adam. There's Jesus. Now before he could marry her, she fell. Then he said this from a little group. Yes. of the true seed of the word. That means they going to have false seed of this word in this message. Group of the true seed of the word, God represent a Christ, a beloved bride, a virgin virgin to his word. And through them and by them will be fulfilled all that was promised. Note again, there's not sermon. Yes. There's not teaching. Yes. There's not preaching. This is through them. Yes. and by them. Amen. Through them. Hallelujah. And by them, you could say it this way. Through me and by me. Amen. If you believe you are part of this bride. Amen. That is say it. Through me. Amen. And by me. Amen. Will you fulfill all? Amen. When Mary said, "Be it done unto me according to thy word." Mary knew no other sister could take her place. You know, it's not 10 babies going to have it. There's only one Jesus. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Give the Lord a shout in the house. It have many brides made but only one bride. Do you want to hear a shout in the house this morning? Hallelujah. All right. So through them and by them will be fulfilled all that was promised for the his word in the virgin who knows no man-made creed or dogmas. The word of promise was he himself. Yes sir. And he himself acted at that time. They would love him and they will have his potential. Love who? Him. Him. The person. Him. The word. They would love him. The bride. For. And they will have his potentials for he is the head. Who is the head? I thought the pastor was the head. Good. You have revelation. Amen. I don't want to be ahead. All right. Christ is your head. Yes, sir. And they are his subjects. Aha. Yes. Yes. Subjects. Yes. Yes. So stubbornness and rebellion and no subjects. Yes. Yes. You know where the kingdom come from? A king over domain. That's a kingdom. The king is in charge. And the people in that kingdom there are his subjects. Yes. He is responsible for them. Yes. Yes. To feed them. Yes. To protect them. Yes. To defend them. The king is in charge. when you are part of that kingdom. Yes. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If you're not part of the kingdom, there's something else. And in those days, they had the walls around the city and a gate. Yes. They had to come through the gate. Yes. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. They would love him having potentials for he's ahead and they are subject they subject subject to his headship of Christ. Well, so so so let's bring it out to real home now. Husband, love your wives. Yes. Wives sub to your husband. Husband, love your wife. Not just as your father love your mother, but me and all your father love your mother, but as Christ loved the church. So your virtue and strength and what you're drawing from is the word. As Christ loved the church. That's how I supposed to love my wife. Right? Wife supposed to hear a husband. If you can't subject yourself or listen to your husband, what where brother is that? You think Jesus have a right to love me now? Love me now. Kiss man. Kiss man. Begging for love. I ain't want that. I not even mind to that. They will love him. Yes. Yes. Yes. Whether good times or bad times. Amen. Amen. Whether mountains or valley. Amen. Whether lions, whether whatever come your way, they will love him. Amen. The Lord give the Lord take it away. They would love him for such a time as this. If I perish, I perish going and see the king. They would love him. Not because he got a new job or you get a raise of pay or you get a new car or a new house or a new husband or new whatever, they would love him. Husband or no husband, wife or no wife, girlfriend or no girlfriend, boyfriend or no boyfriend, they would love him. Whether a the get cut, they would love him. Whether they lose the roof, they would love him. Whether you lose the mortgage, they will still love him. Okay, the Lord I shout with whatever trial come their way, they will love him. Whether you're in a hospital bed, they will love him. Whether you're sick and you have drips all over you, they will still love him. Oh, the Lord has sh in the house. If the whole church turn against you, you will still love him. If the whole church walk away, you will still love him. Glory to God. But in our words, it's unconditional. He swore by himself that you're going to make it. He swore by himself and then seven thunders the voices them seven thunder were thrown out to get you to find you and it found you in Trinidad. What can the Lord say? It found you in your condition. It found you wherever you were. It found you. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. She said he shows her his word of life. She receives it. Get this bump. She never doubts it. Nothing can harm her. Not even death. Hallelujah. Did you hear that? That's when you have confidence in God. You know why Abraham could offer Isaac so freely? Because Abraham was a dead man and he knew if God could bring a son out of a dead man and a dead woman, he could bring back Isaac from the dead. So he had no fear. He put Isaac on the altar. The angel called, "Hold your hand." If the angel didn't talk to fast, Isaac dead on the altar. And for that obedience and submission, God said, "Now I know that you fear me and you love me." Hallelujah. And in blessing, I will bless thee. Watch this. Watch this. The blessing only fall on Abraham. You know, upon thy seed, and thy seed shall possess. So when your blessing under obedience, under submission, when that blessing hit you, it's not just for you, it's for your house. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Give the Lord praise. So you can't fight just for yourself. You're fighting for your house. Ask for me and my house. You're fighting for your life. You're fighting for your family. Listen. Devil's against them. Devils want to take over them. The children, the teenagers, the devil is after them. Oh, glory to God. Do you understand that? Devil's after marriages. Devils after homes. Devils after husbands, devils after wives, devils after mothers, devils after fathers. You can't sit like if it's not so. We wrestling against flesh and blood. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] the Lord. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Here's the secret. The word is in the bride. I wonder how they got there. I wonder how they got there. The word is in the bride. Amen. You can look back in the Bible and see how Jesus was serving these disciples promises. The works I do shall do also. That was the word. He was giving them the word. Amen. And then he tell them one time prophecy. You shall receive power. Amen. After the Holy Ghost come upon you. Yes, sir. He was giving them things they didn't understand. He was giving them things wasn't revealed to them yet. In his resurrection private ministry to his disciples, he opened their understanding and open the word. Now they knew what they're about to receive. Amen. So there's no issue about Jesus leaving now. They trying to hold on to don't leave Jesus. Oh Jesus, don't leave. Oh no. They're not in that foolishness. He told them point blank. If I don't go, the comforter will not come. You need the comforter. You don't need me. You need the comforter. Amen. I am with you, but the comforter will come in you. Amen. I will not leave you comfortless. But I will come to you. I will give you another comforter. The word is already a comfort, but this one is the inside man. This one is inside. The spirit coming to give you comfort. Therefore, you don't go ganja smoking. You got to go marijuana. You go cocaine. You don't go all them things. No, no, no. I'll give you a comfort. Something on the inside. Amen. Glory. Secret is the word is in the bride. Oh, let me take a wrap up here. Not the message. This wonderful. Hallelujah. Come on. Hallelujah. The reason Russia come to herself just the other day, Russia's barbarians, long beard men in the bush. Russia so big. It about 10 time zones. When you from here, clock change, clock change, clock change. They have the biggest mass of land in the world. Amen. And he's still lusting for more. Something is upon him. The anointing is upon him. Yes. Yes. You want to bring back an empire and God is working with him. Amen. To make sure judgment is in effect. Yes. Yes. Can't come before time. Yes. So you can now sing shot and send things and thing like you can I still told you a long time. You you think I win this? There's a delay going on right now. Israel dropped some bombs on Iran and I think that was all and you just had to slap them with some some missiles. Now the busting through. So the drama now begins. The reason Russia come to herself, she had to. Yes. When I read this here, when I take that, so I just stay up for me. Yes. You have to come to yourself like that like the elder brother the prodical son there. He came eating pig food drop in front of the house thinking that he house no he house he behind in the bar eating pig food but you see fancy gate going through the gate. You see when you going in the back after eating all of that crap he came to himself and said I am that is enough. This is the last service I going out this way. I am not going back home. I am not going to speak the same thing. I am not going to act the same way. I will arise. I will say unto my father. Oh, glory to God. Let me come back as a servant. Oh, give the Lord a shout. But there's a hidden revelation. Once a son, a son, always a son. Give the Lord some praises. [Applause] Hallelujah. exactly what have been prophesied to do. At the same time, amen. Amen. I'm continuing. The bride has recognized the evening light. Yes, sir. Just begin to recognize. Amen. The world has recognized, the nation has recognized, science has recognized. God has recognized that there's a people on the earth. Yes. That he has predestinated to life. Recognized. This is the time to send his message. I'm going to say something. National force. Come on. Put Israel in a homeland. National force will put the church in the work of the churches, but the power of God. Put the church. Not no 9 hour message teach. Not no 9 hour message preach. No. Not no mighty man of the hour, pope of the hour, message man of the hour going and teach. No. But the power of God, not of man, of God, will put the people in the bride. Give the Lord a shout. Do you understand that? No message man, no church man, no tabernacle, whatever tabernacle, whatever name tabernacle could put you in the bride. It takes the power of God. And it takes faith to pull down the power and seven thunders. Give faith. Give the Lord a shout. So we know tonight we have faith to call for power. Oh, give the Lord some praises. [Applause] Hallelujah. [Applause] Do you see it? Do you see it? If you see it, say amen. Amen. Because I can't bring a revival. No minister can bring a revival. It has to come by you. But you have to see it to want it. You have to see it to fight for it. You have to see it to press for it, to labor for it. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] He promised to send you heavenly light. Yes, sir. Amen. to ripen the word seed that would be sown for this day. Amen. So God give the prophet a seed which is the seed of the entire Bible. Amen. Which will reproduce Jesus Christ. Amen. That is the seed to come into sight of you. Amen. Watch this. The seed is here. Yes. The seed is the Bible. Amen. And before you could have any crop, no matter how much you sow the seed, it's got to have light to ripen that seed or it won't do no good. Hallelujah. And he promised in the last days in the evening time, the sun s o n would come out of writing that seed. Amen. The seed is being preached. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. How does the word get into the bride? The word of promise get into the bride by what is being preached. Amen. If I preach you my dream last night that is no word inside of the bride. The spirit the prophet and the bride will say the same thing. Because what came out William Brandon mouth wasn't William Brandon's mouth was the spirit speaking expressly. Oh give the Lord a shout in the house. Hallelujah. [Applause] So when you leave here and you open your spoken word with books, you're supposed to read and listen to the same thing you hear. But this coming with an anointing, this coming with fire because he make his ministers a flame of fire. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. He does that. Yes. Amen. Amen. The seed is being preached and the son of God is ripening that seed by vindicating it, making it push out before you and proving it is right. Yes, sir. 1965. Hallelujah. 20th of November. Hallelujah. The prophet is about to leave the earth. And he is speaking. I believe the church is beginning to hear the message. Yes. I'm beginning to understand it. Hear it. Understand it. But listen, friends. Hallelujah. We have got to lay in the presence of the son. Yes sir. How minister could take that out of me? We got to hear this man. We had to hear this man shut up. We ought to hear none of you. We have got to lay in the presence of the sun. We have got to be ripened. So what is he saying? Presence ripens. Amen. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. For your seed to get ripe, for you to get ripe, you have to come into presence. Hallelujah. Not after service a special that not presence that is special after the service intellectually we are hearing the message that God has given us seen the signs he showed us proven it by the Bible but how the church needs to lay in his presence till it tenders up you know and gets Sweet in the spirit. So it can bear it down. So when they say sweet, it honey now. When it say sweet, it talk about brotherly kindness. Now when they say sweet, it talk about forgiveness. Now when they say sweet is an atmosphere. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So you're harsh, cruel, say anything, come to your mouth like some say, I have no lid for my mouth. You better put a lid in your mouth. That's right. Because here we'll get a lid for your mouth. Amen. Amen. And they say that in a boal way. I know lift from my mouth and I speak from my heart. Yeah. From the abundance of the heart, the mouth will speak. So when you speak that kind of thing, you know what coming inside the heart. How the need to lay in his presence till the tenders, you know, get sweet in the spirit so he can beat them. Amen. I'm going to go on. Hallelujah. We see nations breaking. Israel awakening. Yes. The signs that the Bible fortold for this day. Yes. We see the mechanical things taking place. Now the spirit. Yes. Come on. He's seen what it is. Yes. The spirit, the dynamics of that promised word. Amen. So the word promise. That's just word. Yes. Yes. But there's a spirit behind it. Yes. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. When when Isaiah said a virgin shall conceive, that was the promise that circle the earth because Mary come yet 400 years Mary not dead. Yes. So what the word go do? The word had to keep circling until Mary come. When Mary come, the word have a rest. The word the word coming over her now an anointing watching her. She is born a light over her. She see it. She doesn't know it. She is 6 years old. Angel can't talk to her yet because she can't produce nothing at 6 years old. They had to wait until she had the right age for the Hail Mary. Amen. Highly favored. Lord is with thee. Blessed are thou amongst women. Hallelujah. Amen. Mary had one question because she knew they preaching that long time. A virgin shall conceive. She knew how shall these things be? He said the Holy Ghost. Amen. The Holy Ghost. Amen. The Holy Ghost. Amen. It's the same Holy Ghost. It's still the Holy Ghost. You can't react. It's the Holy Ghost. You can't talk about is the Holy Ghost. Oh, glory to God shall overshadow thee. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. You see how the devil trap some of them say think and they are the Holy Ghost lying to them. That is true. So then when they are the Holy Ghost, they can't look for the Holy Ghost because it already it can't come upon them because they are it. Yes. They have to go just like that straight to the tribulation like that. But when that spirit came upon Mary, she was so excited she run to her cousin. She had feel nothing. You sit here and want to feel this and feel that and feel the other. Why don't you feel to repent? That want a feel to feel something. Feel to repent this morning. Get that feeling. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. She said, "I'm going to have a child." John in Elizabeth woman and John a move yet. John still keeping quiet. He said, "The angel come to me. Tell me, I'm going to have a child." And his name is Jesus. When John hear that, John start to rejoice. Amen. In the womb. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Amen. You had to shout. You got to start some point in time, you know. You had to praise God for healing in advance. Hallelujah. The wife hear me bowling. I started playing in my foot on the front. Hey afterward I stopped that. I said I said I have activity in my limbs. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. I crippled. I paralyzed. Hallelujah. I may have little aches and pain but I have activity in my limbs. So that enough to rejoice about. I don't know about you but I come I come to rejoicing. Amen. Hallelujah. Watch. Now the spirit. Yes. Which spirit? Pentecostal spirit. When we joke and shout, people say we like Pentecost. We just about Pentecostal. Say that laugh. I like how they laughing, you know. Yeah. Hallelujah. We must have critics. Yes. We we must have people looking in to see what we doing. And let them laugh. Make s of noise and noise and noise and noise and shout and and couldn't give a shout to praise. I was in Catholic church and Catholic have no shout of praise. I was an acolyte. So for me to come from that to this is when I tell the priest I see the Bible here I say call man father he gave me such a clout behind my head. Oh yeah, I think I ski out the whole time. That that last one called man father. I think I just read that I I just read in my Bible you know. See I said no man father his name was father Leo. I I just call him father Leo. After that was it you know I was out. Amen. The spirit, hallelujah, the dynamics of the promised word to get into his church and drive them to Calvary. Amen. And to the rapture. So you ain't walking like Calvary. Oh, I go on. I go on Calvary. No. It work. No. The spirit had to drive you. Yes. Now if you're not willing and lamblike and you don't have and you don't have and and you have that rebellion thing or what when that spirit come you will say is it you lord yes God said this is the way to calvary are you sure yes yes s pray for me I hearing things in my head I don't know the voice of god determin to doubt to myself and behaving how I behaving it's god talking to you hallelujah because bible said Jesus was what full of the holy ghost And he was led by what? The spirit enter the wilderness to be tested. He had led and he had to go a deacon with him and elder with him. Come on, brethren. Back me up. Hold me up. Hold me up. No, he he faced his issues alone. You know, my wife not not supporting me and and that's why I weak. my husband to pray with me, all that foolishness will disappear. Amen. The spirit, the dynamics of the promised word to get into his church and drive them to Calvary yonder and in the rapture. Amen. So, the destination is the rapture. We're on a journey. We have to make a stop at Calvary. Yes, sir. Amen. Glory to continue the journey. Hallelujah. So now when I'm traveling, I have to go maybe Ghana or some country. I might fly to Miami and then stop there and then fly to um Heathro and then fight to Ghana. You have stops along the way. But the stop is not the destination. Your stops is where you pause to get the next part of the journey. This is part of it. Amen. So the Greeks came and said, "Sir, we will see Jesus." Amen. They came to the disciples. These disciples now say, "Come here. Come here. Come on. Let me explain this to you." And the disciples now these disciples brought them straight to Jesus. Amen. And Jesus didn't say I am the man you know you're looking for. It is me you're looking for. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. You see me. How can I help you? God God bless you for coming to see me. Jesus didn't talk that you know. When they came he said except a corner we fall on the ground and die. In other words, you can't see me until you go to Calvary. You cannot see me until you die in death. You will see me. So don't come looking for some flesh thing. Come and understand this spirit of the promised word here is to drive you to the cross. Hallelujah. That's the problem. You know why you say amen? You know, you don't want to die. You want to be you. Um have things f have a song. I did it my way. Don't do it. Do it again. Don't sing that song. All right. So watch this. Now God have to give us faith. God have to give us virtue. God has to give us that knowledge. Amen. And then something has to happen right there. And that's why as a question is it that this temperance is an evidence of death having effect? Yes. Amen. My God. So he gave us a start to this road to perfection. Yes. He gave us this start to adoption. Yes. And that's why I love that scripture. As many as receive him the word to them give you power to become. It doesn't guarantee it. And that is where Israel make them mistake. And we'll go down to the scriptures now. Why we should consider what happened to them that it would happen to us? Because these things happen for our examples. Yes sir. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. Is that right? Amen. So then when we die out, we can produce temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness. God will not come down to clean up your mess for you. Certain things you have to do. Even your phone could tell you how long you're on the phone. But I recognize my hours going downwards. How long you use your phone, it have that too. It's how you choose to spend your time. But let's go on to this. All right. Baram says this Holy Spirit coming in the last days has to be exactly be the life of Christ in the church. Amen. And the world laughs at that. So the Holy Spirit we talking about is going to be the life of Christ. Amen. Not some minister saying that the Holy Spirit. No, the life of Christ is the Holy Spirit talking about which is the person of Christ. Is that right? So watch she said now there's got to be a ministry in the church the true church of living God to where where the headstone come Christ here we go or the ministry of Christ will fit it right together. Amen. That's why I told the ministers and brothers this adopted ministry is the ministry of Jesus Christ is not my ministry. It's Jesus ministry but Abraham went into it by three pulls. First pull second pull third pull. when he begins signs his early ministry, he said, "I listen represent the faith by way of a divine gift." In other words, he didn't have the person yet, but the gift in him was identifying this is Christ works being done. Afterwards, he veiled Christ. Yes, sir. And Christ was in him till people thought he was Christ. You understand what I'm saying? So you the prayer have the word in you and the dynamics coming to you to anoint what is inside of you that you could add add add until the cap comes over you charity the bond of perfectness to cover your whole being that there'll be no leaks in the building because he say you have leaking knowledge leaking temperance leaking patience but when charity comes it seal the whole thing and you are sealed in and of course the devil is sealed out give the Lord some praises amen Amen. Hallelujah. Brother, the headstone was rejected, right? But God will send it. Amen. It would fit all the building together. Yes, sir. And now we as we see the ministry from Christ begin to narrow up to the complete ministry of Jesus Christ, the fullness of the Holy Spirit. Amen. Amen. Good time. All right. Hallelujah. Come on. Now water, blood, spirit, the elements that came from his body, it come from his body is the material to make his bride. So the bride is water, blood, spirit. Amen. Then he said this here. Now this last great step must come into the perfection. Amen. That the Holy Spirit has to live in that church so perfectly. Amen. So far no teaching, revelation, mysteries. We talking about the Holy Spirit in the church. One time he prophesy about the seven thunders, him coming into the church. Then then you will see him moving in and out. And then we are worshiping the living Christ. Him moving in and out among us. Amen. Could you imagine him come among us this morning? Amen. How we will behave. Amen. You will know him as moving. Amen. When Baron was on the platform, he said, "You know what I'm waiting on?" Then he is here. And everybody feel the anointing coming to the building. Have no teaching to explain that. It have no revelation to reveal that is him coming in the building. Then you know he is here. Then every doomed devils is on the run. Oh glory. Then sickness begin to tremble. Cancer begins to tremble. Your chains that you have bind is that to get a break over you. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Then you feel the power of freedom. Oh, glory to God. Then you know about who the son of man set free is. free and indeed give the Lord some hallelujah. [Applause] Colossians 3 verse 12 Paul speaks about put on therefore bearing one another. So this here is Christian life. Yes, there's not doctrine and there's not teaching on vials and plagues and woes and the first one, the second woe and and fifth war and the sixth woe and all. Then not this. This is after all the revelations you have. See how this working out now. Amen. After all the mysteries revealed, see how this working out in your pattern now. Put on as the elect of God. Yes, sir. As the elect put this on. Yes, sir. Holy and beloved bowels of mercy. Amen. Amen. kindness, humblless of mind, meekness, and longsuffering. I bump up somebody, some whole philosophers talk about to know somebody's highly intelligent, they are kind. That's a big one. It easy to be have knowledge and power and you're rough and gruff and whatnot. But he says when you see somebody really intelligent, they are very kind. Yes. What did prophet say? He said when you are a great man, you make others feel great. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. You make the other person real big because you're big enough to do that. Amen. Amen. Amen. It have some I wouldn't talk about that man. I can't get deported. I I when you see you not that big, you're looking for every attention, every news. Good news, bad news. You want to be in the news? Yes. Yes. Above all things. Okay. Okay. I'll read this. So put on therefore the elect of God, holy beloved, bolds of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering. Amen. Forbearing one another. One, two, forgiving one another. If any man have a quarrel against any, even as Christ forgive you, so also do ye. You have no authority to go on Facebook and spread your quarrel. You have no authority to go and call nobody and you know we do and and no above all these things put on charity which is the bond of perfectness. Amen. And war things and reading war things and all kind of banal things. A no peace there because you're in that spirit and mode. So the first person come is po because you're in that po mode. You understand that? Yes. Let the peace of God rule in your hearts to which also you are called in one body and be thankful. Why would Paul put that there? Because there are some people not thankful. Yes. Because they have the I long. Amen. They're looking at what somebody else have. So anytime they see something they say I want that. So they're not thankful for what they have. Thank you Lord for this. Thank you Lord for that. But they want, let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom, teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns, spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord. And whatsoever you do, whatsoever means just that. In word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, giving thanks to God the Father by him. Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands as is fit to the Lord. Dare I say to every man, they say your own husbands, husband loves your wives and a clause right there are be not bitter against them because they will do stuff. Yes. I ain't staying there long so don't worry. Children, obey your parents in all things for is well pleasing unto the Lord. Fathers, happy Father's Day. Fathers, provoke not your children to anger. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Lest they be discouraged. Yes. servants, obey in all things your masters according to the flesh, not with eye service as men pleasers, but in singleness of heart and fearing God. Whatever you do, do it heartily. Amen. As to the Lord, not unto men, knowing that of the Lord you shall receive the reward of inheritance, for you serve the Lord Jesus. Amen. So in this chapter, Paul addresses husbands, wives, fathers, servants, children. He addressed all of them calling them to mature Christian living. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let me repeat that. Calling them to mature Christian living. Whatever state you're in, how to behave yourself. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Whether you're a servant, whether you're a father, whether you're a wife, Amen. Whether you're a husband or mother, how to behave yourself. Amen. Amen. Amen. And if you think this is just me talking that, let the prophet say that to you. Dear Jesus, help us tonight now in these few words as we wait upon thee. We pray that your mercy and grace will be with us. He said, "And may we have such a great meeting till there will not be an unsafe person among us. All the children will be in the kingdom of God. Those without the baptism of the spirit, may they receive it, Father." Amen. Here we go. May all the great mysteries that we are supposed to know at that age, at this age, be unveiled to us, Lord. That we will see the plainness of God, so that we will know how to behave ourselves. and act correcting ourselves and bringing the members of our body into discipline to the word. Amen. Amen. That we might know how to live in this present day at the approaching of the Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. So here we go now. May all the great mysteries we are supposed to know at this age be unveiled to us. What is the purpose? That we might see the plainness of God. Amen. So we will know how to behave ourselves. Amen. Understand this. When Moses come to the children of Israel and said, "God sent me." Moses is not foolish. When God appeared to Moses, he asked the question, "Who shall I say send me?" Amen. Because I going to a bunch of people. They're not easy. Amen. They wouldn't receive me in my name. I can't say I'm Moses, I come to deliver you. The amount of licks, they will start to beat him up because I talk. You understand that? He going to become he's a stalker. So he asked God who shall I say send me Moses tell them I am. So when he come he had a message I am. And what Moses do now drop plagues and flies. So when the people start to see God in his plainness them say witness the source that Moses connect to. It's real. It's God. Remember Pharaoh had their gods, you know, and people thinking that Pharaoh had a head head of gold and head of whatever he had snake head and all the heads they have they working for them because they in power and when you see people in power there there attributed things all kind of thing this God this God they need money god here they building God here they have what kind of gods but when Moses come and demonstrate the power of God they say wait a minute whatever power you have what source you have is realmen Now God tell Moses, "Bring them people because they don't know me. Bring them out because they have no revelation who I am. You know who I am. You felt my power. You saw my presence." Oh, the Lord has shout. They don't know that. They're only seeing miracles. They only seeing signs. They're only seeing wonders. But they are see me yet. Bring them to this mountain. Oh, the Lord has shouted the house. And we have young people, they don't know God. They have never felt his presence. They never got an experience. They only come to church. But we want to bring you to that mountain. We want to bring you into that presence. Bring you into that fire. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Amen. Hallelujah. So that's why let's let's go. That's why God rebuked Moses when Moses went down to cry because we had seen in front of him, Pharaoh behind him, and mountain on both sides. God said, "Why cry unto me? Speak. Speak and move forward." You supposed to know that they have a destination to come to this mountain. You're supposed to know nothing must stop. You're supposed to know thy seed shall possess the case of the enemy. Oh, glory to God. When Moses catches back himself, stand still and see the salvation of the Lord your God. Red Sea, open up. Oh, glory to God. And they walk on dry ground. Give the Lord a shout. [Music] Let me see it. They come out Moses going up the mountain to get further instructions. Man feeling she stay too long. That one the message now know people say we staying too long. We say the same promises over and over. Somebody say brother you preaching the same thing. I say yes it's fried egg, boiled egg, roast egg and benedict. What kind of way to do the egg? Same egg. You have a different egg this morning. Same egg. It will rain. It will rain. It will rain. It's still raining. We building the ark. It is rain. What you saying? Dynamic is coming. The spirit is coming. The headstone is coming. Fire is coming. Power is coming. It's coming. It's coming. Oh, give the Lord a shout. And Russia coming too. Atomic power coming too. Judgment coming too. We better be ready. [Music] You're fine. Move this thing along. Look around for which elder backs. Who want no revelation? Aan you know to make them cause you to help them kind of thing. I not that you know. Come on. Suppose Moses dead up there. So long you up there now. Much years we need message. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We want some action. We want some drama. Ah, get get the earrings. Get the And of all the of all the gods build a gold calf. Yes. They bring God down to a golden calf dancing and worshiping and whatnot. Moses come down and Moses say I hear noise. Where's that revalry? Them dancing party. They listen. A few times are back. They getting licks from Fina. You see what happening man? How man had wicked brother punch just the other day getting licks and blows from Pharaoh. They out of Pharaoh grip now and they partying because they make their own god. Don't you make your own god. Amen. People have made their own god in this message you know. Yes sir. Yeah is a god. You know you love you. You love your will. Unbending unyielding. Hallelujah. Amen. I told her that brother about the religious spirit of him. I said one thing I recognize religious spirits they don't care about the family except all religious spirit all for all these years I know religious spirits sister come inside here the first she come inside here when I leave the pool me that spirit come inside she go now she fight for with this fight for with that he doesn't know them but I have a sensitivity that once they come in there know the spirit I don't touch them no I qualify I spy them out identify them and leave them to think in time. Spirit come inside. My hallelujah. Religious spirit don't care about the family. You know what they care about? The conviction. The Lord throw me and I see the word and the family going to hell. They care nothing. It's a sad thing. You know, they can't say me and my house now be going they going down with the conviction. And sometime your conviction is more than the word of God. So don't go by conviction. Go by what God say. Amen. Amen. I go by dreams. I go by signs. Much comment it have. And this saying comet this don't happen and that happen. Some the blood moon. The other blood moon. Blood moon one. Blood moon three. Blood moon four. Blood moon five. The blood moon. The blood moon come and gone. I have nothing to do with that. I no blood moon expert. This go blood moon. We have the word not blood moons from the word not cometh the word. Let us see what the word say. Yes sir. That is why I not preaching blood moon this moon that moon that Saturn and Venus and Mars and everybody else. I tell people point blank 10 ministers point blank. I have no gift to read no stars. That's not my calling. So I have no gift to read no stars. That's not my calling. So the mysteries of God, he's not dead. Because time passed so long and you haven't seen what you think you're supposed to see. You know how long I look for that prophecy fulfilled when they take the pope of America since the early part of the message. We knew that. Brother George remember that long time you look 2025 he stepped out of the Bible. Step out of the prophecy rather and he's there. So he's in his position. When are you going to step out of you and get into your position? God want you in your position because in your position is where you have the power. Hallelujah. This is not power by anointing. This is by power by revelation of who you are. Amen. That why Jesus didn't come and Jesus had all kind of drama to raise somebody from the dead or heal some sick Jesus said arise take out the bed and walk no before he said that thy sins be forgiven thee they start to complain grumbling oh you forgive sins when he go for your sins he said to show you like I could do the boat you said man take a bed and walk you man take a bed and walk in close the argument amen Amen. Glory. God going in and close the argument just now. He going to stop them out of the critics. He going to get them a chance to laugh because we have to get bear the reproach of baroness. Amen. You have to walk this road of baroness where you can't produce nothing. Hallelujah. All you have is a testimony. God said so. I'm going to have a son. His name is Isaac. He's have a relish inside your heart. You're you're barren. You can't produce nothing. You can't show nothing. But yet you know you're a son. You know you're called. You know you're standing on your word. You know you're true to the cause. Amen. And your heart is right. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Let me see if I can close up here. Let me see what page I reach. Hallelujah. Nine out of 16. Hallelujah. Get a pump, boy. So, let's talk a little bit about this middle guy here. This green guy called temperance. Brother, fourthly, he said temperance. Add temperance. We got to cut temperance. Now, you had faith, then virtue, then knowledge. You're going to add temperance. Temperance, here we go, doesn't mean stop drinking alcohol. Temperance doesn't mean alcoholic cure. Not in this case. This is Bible temperance. Amen. Holy Spirit temperance. We are talking about Holy Spirit temperance. That means, are you ready? How to control your tongue. Yes. I hope the tongues inside here say amen. The first thing he identify in this word called temperance. How to control your tongue because power of life and death lies in the tongue. Amen. That's why ask the question is this virtue, this temperance a sign of death. A sign of people dying. Yes. Because let's continue. It means how to control your tongue. Not to be a tatler. How to control your temper. Not to fly off every time anybody speaks cross to you. Amen. Sometime you can't speak cross to them. You know just speaking to them is a problem. Not cross. Next level. Boy, a lot of us going to fall off before we get started. Then we wonder, here we go, why God is not in his church doing miracles and things like they used to. This message is real, you know. This is solid as a rock, you know. Temperance. How to answer in kindness when wrath is spoke to you. Are you hearing this? Or this flying over your head? If it fly over the head, you want it to fly over the head and all because they supposed to fly straight inside your heart. How to answer in kindness when wrath is spoke to you. Somebody say your bunch of holy rolls down here. Don't jump out and roll up his sleeve and say no not that. Talk with godly love. Amen. Temperance, kindness. When you are ridled upon, ride not back. Let him be your example. They say if thou be son of God, turn his own into bread. He could have done it and shown he was God, but he had temperance. They call him Belove. He said, "I forgive you for that." They tell him, "Come down of the cross." He said, "Father, forgive them. They don't know what they're doing." Amen. Isn't that right? They put a rag around his head, around his eyes and hit him on the head and say, "Prophesy, who hit you?" We believe you. Your temperance. Amen. If you cut it like that, add that to your feet. If you said blow up and sass and fuss and stew and carry on, it can't add. Amen. It's got to be flexible. Oh, glory to God. That's what I just said already. When you're stubborn and you're hard, you break. When you have the flexibility of temperance and control, you could bend. Oh, glory. You could bless when somebody cursed you. You could forgive when somebody says something wrong about you. You have the flexibility. Oh, give the Lord some praises. And when your faith and your temperance becomes the same kind of the Holy Ghost temperance, then it will vulcanize with him or you add it with it. When you got the right kind of temperance like he had, it will vulcanize. If you haven't, just a man halfway s believe temperance. I ought to slap him down, but I better not temperance. I will drop a hand on him. Okay. All right. Not today. Hallelujah. I'm a deacon. That ain't the kind of temperance. Don't try to add that. All right. Amen. No wonder the church is short. No wonder the church is short. Amen. Let's reason this. Brother Brandham, I like to hear explain then come down and listen to it. I'll skip that. Hallelujah. James 3 1-10 say my brethren be not many masters knowing that we shall receive the greater condemnation for in many things we offend all if any man offend not in word the same is a perfect man and also able to bridle the whole body this is a real lesson from James he said behold we put bits in hor's mouth that they may obey us and return their whole body you take the horse's mouth and when you pull so horses to the Therefore, right? Hallelujah. Behold, the ships which though they be great are driven by fierce winds are turned with very small helm whatsoever the governor listed. Even so the tongue is a little member boasted great things. Behold a great a matter little fire kindleth. The tongue is a fire a world of iniquity. Amen. So is the tongue among our members that it defileth the whole body. Hallelujah. Brother Oid, I didn't know that so serious. Yes. And set it on fire the course of nature and it's set on fire of hell. For every kind of beasts and birds and serpents and things of the sea is tamed and has been tamed of mankind. But the tongue can no man tame. Amen. Yes. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. Go say amen now. Amen. Amen. There's the word coming. Amen. They got I say that you know there the Bible say that you know man tame beasts man tame sea and birds and serpents. He said but the tongue no man can tame it. It is an unruly evil full of deadly poison. Dare it bless we God even the father and dare it curse we men which were made in the image and the similitude of God. Out of the mouth proceed blessing and cursing. My brethren these things ought not to be. Amen. Amen. Amen. The tongue is a world of wickedness. Let the amplify. Set among our members contaminating and depriving the whole body. Oh, let's skip on. Colossians 3 2-10, it says, "Set your affection on things above or things of the earth." Amen. We find Christ where? At the cross, not in Christmas. Some people love Christmas. You know, the Christmas tune and Santa Claus coming on the Merry Christmas. For ye are dead and your life is hidden in Christ and God. When Christ is over, life shall appear. Music come, please. Then shall he also appear with him in glory. Here we go. Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth. fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil cuspicence, covetousness, which is idolatry, and which things sake the wrath of God come upon you disobedience, in which he also walked sometime, and you lived in them. But put off also these now who he talking to, unbelievers or church folks? Church folks, put off these anger, wrath, malice, blasphemy, filthy communications out of your mouth. Lie not one to another. Amen. Seeing that you have put off the old man with his deeds. So you're addressing the liars in the church and all. All right? And put on the new man which is renewed in knowledge after the image of him that created him. All right? So this word mortify in the amplified said to kill, deaden, deprive of power the evil desires lurking in your members or your body. Those animal impulses and all that is earthly in you that is employed in sin, sexual vice, impurity, sensual appetites, unholy desires, all greed and covetousness, all for that is adultery, the deifying of self and other created things instead of God. in account of these very sins that the holy anger of God is ever coming upon the sons of disobedience. Here we go. Who obstinately oppose to the divine will. So listen, stubbornness is not a art. Stubbornness is not a blessing. Stubbornness is a blight to you. Amen. Amen. Now put away and rid yourselves completely of anger, rage, bad feeling towards others. Curses and slander, foul mouth, abuse, and shameful utterances from your lips. Are you ready? Could we take a little more? All right, brother Brandham. is one that you know when Christ the hope of glory is formed in you write with me now when Christ has been formed in you when you are dying oh you mean you have to die I'm reading it for you this is the message now when you are dying and Christ is coming to life watch the persecution setting watch trouble stack on every hand watch the devil go on a rampage so if you can handle the issue around you. Now when the devil going to ramp it, you gone. Do you understand that now? Now the baby have been formed for a long time in the womb. Message folks don't want to hear that. But Baram says the baby formed a long time, but this is the coming in the last days when the completeness, when the fullness of the Godhead, when the fullness of Christ is to be manifested among the people. Amen. And he promised it is his word. And when that fullness there is unusual things begin to happen and he promised that's the reason that the council of church is the former world council churches just the time. There we go. And I found the answer to what I've been preaching for a long time. Just the time when the church is beginning to get to its feet where the supernatural is begin to work now. They all went into the group. They're going to try to stop this stuff. And that's why I tell you, they will not stop us having books and tapes. But we see when the supernatural begins to break, that is when they're going to say, "Stop them." And before we get there, we want to kick that devil out by loving one another and forgiving one another and let the honey stick. [Applause] Almost almost done. But I'm talking about the disciples bringing the people. When you get a real discipleise that will point you to Christ, Christ will bring you to the cross where you are crucified with him. So how come I have all these bunch of believers buying the pastor's fight? If the pastor bad spirited, the whole congregation bad spirited. Is the pastor cuckoo and funny? The whole congregation cuckoo and funny. They get the man spirit. I have nothing to do with Jesus Christ. You are Christian. God call you as an individual. God call you as a group. God calls you an individual. We come here for fellowship. This is not the body of Christ. This is where we have fellowship. By one spirit, we get into the body. And when you get in that body, nobody can take you out. God put you into the body of Christ. That body, he's the head of the body called the church. I'm not the head. He's the head. He must be our head. My head and your head. Oh, glory to God. There are some people don't respect the sovereignity of the local church. The sovereignity of local church means the Holy Spirit could guide me to what to preach this morning without any foreign interference. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. I want to say it again. That means the Holy Spirit could direct us this morning as to what to preach without any foreign interference. I do preach with nobody else preaching. I preach as I feel led and as men are led by the sons of the spirit of God. They are the sons of God. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. So, the disciples brought them to Christ. Christ point them to the cross. He said Christ point them to the people to his death except a corner with four on the ground the bri alone right that's where you find Christ you don't find him by doing better turn a new page start a new life you don't find Christ you find Christ only in debt not in a manger not in a confession to believe certain creeds and fables I believe this and all you don't believe it you know yeah not how you find Christ there's a belief you don't find Christ here. A true servant taketh to him and he is the word. Christ is here in the form of the word. Amen. And the word brings life because he is the word. Amen. Christ is the word. And he is the word. He is this Bible made living. Yes sir. And when you die to yourself with Christ like a corner wheat, then the word lives in you. Amen. brings forth the same results that it did in the living corner wheat when it dropped to the earth. Yes, sir. And I'm about done. Praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Give the Lord some praises here right now. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Jesus. I close with this. Let us labor. Why would God see that? I think I want to get the scripture back again. Hallelujah. Let us labor therefore to enter into that rest. And I was wondering about the word therefore. I want to know what is that there for? What is that there for? Let us labor. In other words, he is trying to tell the people don't take things for granted. Amen. Least therefore to enter into that rest least any man fall after the same man of unbelief. And I was looking back because you see that therefore means is a reference to what happened before. So I look at chapter three and chapter three is where he said, "I swear in my wrath, they shall not enter to my rest." Take heed, brethren, least the enemy be of you an evil heart of unbelief in departing from the living God. But exhort one another daily, while it is called today, least any of you be hardened through the deceitfulness of sin. Amen. I'm going to close. you can begin to play something. So in verse 10 in the amplified, so I was provoked, displeased and sorely grieved with that generation and said they always and are led astray in their hearts and they have not perceived or recognized my ways and become progressively better and more experimentally and intimately acquainted with them. Accordingly I swore in my wrath I they shall not enter my rest. So take that as a backdrop and hear him say now labor to enter into my rest. Don't assume because you need message you're getting to the rest. You have to fight. You have to work. You have to press. A lot of people are living entitled lives as if what you feel it's supposed to happen. How you feel is supposed to happen when it's you feel it's supposed to happen. And God have nothing to do with that. He said labor to enter into that rest. What is the rest? Charity is the rest. Charity never faileth. We all need to get a deal. Paul said, "Though I speak with tongues of men and angels, though I give my body to be burned, though I know all mysteries, all knowledge, and don't have that rest, I am nothing." Let's all stand and worship the Lord. Father God, we thank you today for your presence. We thank you for your spirit. May you have the pre-minences, Lord. And may you flow among your people, Father. May they recognize this to be your word and may they act on it, Lord Jesus. Amen. May we recognize Lord that there's a purpose why you say labor to enter into that rest. May we not take things for granted or presume but may we press our way into this glorious kingdom. Grant it God in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. God bless you. Thanks again for being here. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you. Oh, just give him praise. Raise your hands and close your eyes and praise him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Just praise him. Just praise him. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, we bless your name, Father. Thank you for your word, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you for your word, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Savior. Oh, just take a few minutes and praise him. Close your eyes and just give the Lord praise. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, and live in me, Lord. Live in me. Here's my heart, Lord. Let it be consecrate, Lord, to me. Take my life, Lord. Live in me. Live in me, Lord. Live in me. Oh, make it a pray this. Oh, take my heart. Let it be, consecrated. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, live in me, Lord. Live in me, Lord. There's my heart. Here's my heart, Lord. Let it be. unseated Lord to thee. Take my heart, Lord. Oh, as the music plays, you close your eyes. Raise your hands. Talk to him this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Don't let this moment pass by right now. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be your name, Lord. Blessed be your name, Lord Jesus. Oh God. Oh, let us labor this morning. Let us labor to enter into that rest. Oh, somebody's going to labor this morning. Oh, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah, Lord God. This one, Jesus. soul. Glory to God. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] You cry out in your own way. Talk to him this morning. This is your time right now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Close your eyes. Raise your hands on me. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, don't look around. You just press into him this morning. Cry out for the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. I cry out for your filling right now. Thank you, Jesus. Just for a few moments, you cry out to him. Ask me away from thy presence, oh Lord. [Music] Take not thy holy spirit from me Jesus. Restore to me joy joy of salvation. Yes, Lord and renewing spirit within you. Oh, with all your hearts created me, created me of the Oh yes, Lord Jesus. and renew our spiral. [Music] Oh, [Applause] cast me away. [Music] Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. Oh, take them. Oh, yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, glory to God. stolen to me. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Let's sing it one more time. Created me. Create me a clean love. Please Jesus renew us. [Music] Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh. Oh God and renew [Music] pass not away. Oh Jesus pass me not away. Oh my Lord, take my Holy Spirit. Restore to me. The door. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Praise him. Praise him. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Savior. Oh, cry out to him this morning. Raise your voices. Raise your hands and cry out to him. He's here to meet your need. Oh yes, Lord. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Yes Lord. [Music] Oh yes Lord. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Thank you Lord. Lord thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. [Music] Fill your people Lord. Somebody's crying Lord. Oh Jesus. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. You cry out to him this morning. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Certain with God in a sea great place. There is the spirit beholding [Music] his faith. Gaining gaining you power to run in this race. Oh, how I love to be shut in. Oh, you shut in with him right now. Oh, make right there an altar. Shut in the sh. [Music] Oh, you mean business right now with the Lord. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. in the spirit as getting your power [Music] in this race. All I long to be shouted. Oh, one more time. Let's raise him. Oh sh. Oh, you hide into the cliff of the rock this morning. Oh, talk to your savior. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, forget who's next to you. Close your eyes. Oh, talk to the love of your soul. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. [Music] Oh yes Lord. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord. Hallelujah. We shout it with God. [Music] Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Glory to God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. You just bless his name this morning. Just bless him. Just praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Thank you, Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. My soul says yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, we thank you, Lord, for the word this morning, Lord. Hallelujah. Come and fill and refill your people, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Father. Oh, glory to God. Blessed be your name, oh Lord Jesus. Amen. One more song. I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say yes [Music] to your will, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. I'll say where you lead me. go where you I will go [Music] for obedience this morning. Oh, I'll say yes, Lord. I'll [Music] I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say thank you, Jesus. Thank you Lord [Music] to your will. Oh Lord. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Where you lead me. Oh hallelujah. I will go. [Music] I'll say yes Lord. Oh yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord Jesus. How many want to say yes this morning? How many you going to say yes this morning? I'll say just raise your hands. Close your eyes. Thank you Jesus. Make it a promise. Hallelujah to your way. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh Lord, oh where you lead me. Oh Lord. Oh hallelujah. I will go. Yes Lord. I'll say yes, Lord. Oh, just one more time. Just one more time. I'll say yes, Lord. Oh, I say, oh yes, Lord Jesus, [Music] to your world, to your way. [Music] I say yes. Where you lead me Lord, I am going to go home. [Music] I say yes Lord. Thank you Jesus. I say yes. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Savior. Thank you Lord Jesus. Oh praise God. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Let's just bow our heads and close our eyes. We want to pray for the tithes and offerings that will be collected at this time. Lord, Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Our heavenly father, Lord, we pray that you would bless the tithes and offering that would be collected at this time. Prayer would bless it and sanctify it, Lord. and as your people would give at this time, Lord. May you bless them, Father, for you love a cheerful giver, Lord. And those who may not have at this time, provide for them, Lord. And when it is collected, Father, may it be used all for your honor and glory, we commit it back now into your hands in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Thank you, Lord. Praise God. Amen. God bless you, brothers. Come forward as we sing. Amen. Think about his love. Think about his goodness. Amen. Glory. Hallelujah. Think about his love. [Music] Think about his goodness. Think about his grace that's brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, so great as the measure of our father's love. Sing great. Hallelujah. Oh, think about his love. Glory. Think about his love. Think about his goodness. Think about his grace that's brought us through. Oh, for as high. Glory. Yes, Lord. Great is the measure of our father's. [Music] Oh, great is the measure of our father's love. Oh, think about his love. Hallelujah. Oh, think about his good. Oh, think about it this morning. Oh, think about his grace. Hallelujah. That's brought. Oh, he has brought us a mighty long way. Oh, for his hand. Glory. So great. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh yes, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, great is the measure of our father's love. One more time, think about his love. Sing, think about us. Yes, Lord. Glory. Think about his grace. Think about his grace. Oh, that's brought us. Oh, for us this Lord. Glory to God. So [Music] love. Oh, great is the measure of of some music, please. You turn around and greet your brother and sister. Tell them God's grace is sufficient this morning. Think about his goodness. Oh, hallelujah. Reach across. Walk across the aisle. Greet your brother. Greet your sister. Oh, for Yes, Lord. Thank you, Savior. Glory to God. [Music] Oh, great is the measure of our father's love. Great is the measure. Oh, great is the measure of our father's love. Oh, hallelujah. Great is the measure of Oh, hallelujah. Great is the measure. Great is the measure. Great is the measure. Hallelujah. Give him a shout of praise. If he's done something for you, give him praise. Give him a praise this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, great is the measure. Hallelujah. Oh, great is the measure of our father. Great is the measure. Oh, great. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Glory to God. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you Jesus. Glory to God. Glory to God. Thank you Jesus. I'm on my way to Canaan's land. I'm on my way to Canaan's land. I'm on my to land. Oh, I'm on my way. I'm on my way. I'm on my way. Hallelujah. To gain us. Oh, glory. Clap your hand. Come on. Stop your feet. Praise God. Hallelujah. I'm on my way this morning. Glory. Yes, Lord. Oh, I'm on my way. Oh, praise God. I'm on my way. If you don't go, if you don't go. Come on. Glory. It's an individual affair. Praise God. Glory. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. If you don't know, don't. Oh, I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on. Oh, I'm on my way. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, yes, Lord. Oh, you praise him this morning. I'm on my way. Yes, Lord, you gave us. Hallelujah. I'm on my way. I'm on my way. Oh, it is grace. Praise. Grace to serve the Lord. Oh, it is. Oh, it is. It is. How many times God praise grace this morning? Praise. It is grace to serve the Lord. It is. Oh, hallelujah. It is grace. Praise. Oh, grace to serve the Lord. Oh, it is. It is. It is. Oh, it is great. It is. Oh, it is. Hallelujah. Oh, give him a shout this morning. Give him a praise. Give him praise this morning. Glory. Hallelujah. Glory. It is. It is. It is. Oh, it is. Grace, grace, grace, grace, gracious in the Lord. Oh, father, let the fire fall. Oh. Oh. Let the fire. [Music] Oh. Sing of glory. How many need that fire? How many need the power of God for glory to God? Hallelujah. Oh, Father, let the fire glory. Oh, let the fire. Let the fire with all the music singing. Hallelujah. Glory. Sounds good. Oh, the spirit of God is moving. Hallelujah. Everybody sing it. Pray. Oh father. Hallelujah. Let the fire fall. Fire. Oh fire. Fire. Fire. Fire on me. Hallelujah. Fire. Oh fire on. Oh glory as in the name of Jesus. Fire. Glorious. Oh Jesus. Oh fire. Oh fire. Fire. Fire. Fire. Hallelujah. Oh fire. Fire. Yes Lord. Oh yes Lord Jesus. I said today for [Music] the day of give him a shout of praise one more time. Glory to God. Yes Lord. Thank you Jesus. Glory. Oh say as in the day of ant fire fall on me. Glory as in the day of ant fire fall on me. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Many, many. Amen. Just praise him. Just praise him. Just praise him. Just worship him. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. We love you, Lord. We praise you, Lord. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. You are my strength. Strength like no other. Strength like no other. [Music] Reaches to me. You are my strength. You are my strength. Strength like Strength like no other. Oh, strength like no other reaches to me. You are my hope. You are my hope. Hope like no other. Hope like hope like no other. Preachers, you are my peace. You are my peace. Oh peace, love. [Applause] Rejoice in the fullness in the fullness of your in the power of your name. In the power of you. Lift me up. You lift me up. You lift me up. You lift me up in the fullness of your grace. In the fullness of your grace. The power and the power of your You lift me up. You lift me up. You lift me up. You lift me up in the fullness. Oh, in the full of your grace, in the power of your name, power of your you lift me up. You lift me up. You lift me up. Oh, you lift me up in the fullness. In the fullness of your grace, in the power of your name. You lift me up, Lord. You lift me up. You lift me up. You lift. Oh, one more time. In the fullness of your praise. In the of your praise. In the power power of your You lift me up. You lift me up. You lift me up. Oh, you lift me up. You are my strength. You are my strength. Strength like strength like no other strength like no other reaches. Reaches. One more time. You are my strength. You are my strength. Strength like strength like no other. Strength like no other. Strength like no other. reaches to me for it reaches to the highest [Music] mountain. It flows and it flows to the Lord Valley. Oh, the blood the blood of Jesus. For the blood that gives me strength from day to day. Oh, it will [Music] never lose it. Oh, it reaches. Oh, and it reaches to the highest mountain. Glorious Lord. And it flows. Let it flow to the Lord with bounding. Oh, the blood that gives me strength. Oh, from day to day. Oh, it will never never never it will never never lose. Oh, it will never lose. It's [Music] Oh, give him praise. Give him praise. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be a wonderful name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your wonderful name, oh Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hal Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. How many appreciate the message today? Amen. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Amen. Let us labor therefore to enter into that rest. Amen. An inspiration. The death of a corn of wheat. Amen. Let's keep laboring. Amen. It's not We are not entitled. Amen. You got to press. You got to labor. Amen. So, let's just bow heads and close our eyes. Amen. As we want to close off. Amen. The service. And if you have any requests, any special requests on your heart, you can raise your hands. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Glory to God. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Amen. God sees those hands this morning. Let's just bow our heads and close our eyes. Thank you, Father. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are humbled, Lord, one more time to be in your presence, Father. What a time in your presence, Lord. How you spoke to our hearts, Father, and encouraged us, Lord, that we must labor to enter into that rest, labor to enter into our inheritance, Father. Thank you, Lord God, for that word this morning. And may we act upon it, Father, during this coming weekend in the future, Father, to keep our hearts, Lord, in that state of laboring, Father, not lazy as in the Leodysia spirit, Father, but pressing always, Lord, every brother here this morning, every sister, Father, Lord. Oh God, as we want to die out, Father, to ourel, Lord, even the death of a corn of wheat, Father, Lord, you taught us a you asked us a question about temperance, Father. Lord, how to control our tongue, Lord, how to control our temper, how to control ourselves, Lord, even the word that we get, all the mysteries, all the revelations to teach us how to behave ourselves, Father, for our adoption is based on our behavior. Lord, make us more mature. Make us better Christians. Father, teach us thy ways. Lord, may we, oh God, engage in full obedience, Father. Not just partial obedience. Not just doing what we want and when we want, Lord, but to submit ourselves, Father, to the leading of your Holy Spirit. Submitting ourselves to your word for full obedience to your word entitles us the token. Father, come and fill your the alarms this morning. Fill every brother. Fill every sister, Father, with your Holy Spirit, Lord. And some hands went up this morning, Father, for different issues, different situations. Lord, there are cases of sicknesses and diseases and illnesses. Lord, we pray that you would minister healing to each and every brother, every sister who is in need this morning. Lord, healing of the mind, healing of the body, healing of the soul, healing of the heart. Lord, Father, touch your people, Lord, from the crown of their heads to the sole of your feet, Father. Yes, Lord Jesus. Father, for we need more of you daily. Minister to every need. Meet every need this morning. Answer every prayer. We ask it in your name, Lord. We thank you, Lord God, for your servant this morning, our pastor, Lord. But over we pray that you continue to bless him, Lord. Continue to strengthen him, Father. Lord, we bear him up this morning on the wings of prayer, Father. Lord, may you pour out your spirit upon his life, Father, that he could continue, Lord, to guide the sheep, Father. Lord, as we would leave this place, but not from your presence, go with every family. Go with every brother, every sister, go with every visitor here this morning on both online and here connect and present physically. Lord, we commit everyone into your hands, Father. Lord, touch the ministry, Lord. Touch the officers, Father. Touch the young people, Lord. Lord, we know the enemy is after the young people, but Father, we stand, Lord, in agreement. We stand in faith, Lord God, holding the fort, Lord, praying for them, Father. Lord, that you that, oh God, they the devil will not be able to snatch them out, Father. Lord, cover them by your precious blood. Oh God, bless the remaining portion of this week. We commit it into your hands. Bring us back at the appointed time all for your honor and your glory. These mercies we ask in your precious name with thanksgiving. Amen. And amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise one more time. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Just for a few announcements. And we have one testimony here. Amen. From sister June Olivary. God bless saints. I give thanks to the Lord Jesus Christ for all his rich benefits towards me for the past 75 years spiritually and physically. Thank you all for the birthday compliments and it they are very much appreciated. God bless you sister June. Happy birthday. Amen. Praise God. Amen. 75 years is a long time. Amen. My wonderful mother. Amen. Praise God. Amen. And um for the announcements, service continues on Wednesday 8:00 p.m. at the tabernacle and on Sunday at 10:00 a.m. also at the tabernacle. So Wednesday night 8:00 p.m. Sunday 10 a.m. Amen. Uh maintenance team group three, please meet with brother Andy Henry after the service. Next week, group five is carded to serve, which is brother Blackman's group. Amen. Once again, we want to say a special thank you and and to show some appreciation for those who stay back and assist with the maintenance. Let's put our hands together. Thank you very much for your labor of love and your service. Amen. To the house of the Lord and to God's people. Amen. Uh we want also to salute brother Gideon and sister Grace OID on their 11th anniversary. Amen. Happy anniversary brother Gideon and Sister Grace on the 11th anniversary. Amen. Praise God. Uh we want to also remember the convention dates of July 18, 18th, 19th and 20th. Amen. continue to be up the meetings in prayer and to remember to submit your pledges and your contributions all for God's honor and glory. Amen. We also want to remember, amen, all of us to keep praying for those that are sick and afflicted among us. There are some of us who are sick and afflicted. Amen. As you pray during the week, please remember to pray for the sick and afflicted in your prayers. Amen. That God will continue to heal. Amen. Amen. That's what we're here for. One for the other. Amen. Keep praying for your brother and sister. Amen. And last but not least, we want to one more time say happy Father's Day to all the fathers in the house, all the brothers. Happy Father's Day to you. Amen. And with that in mind, there's a little parcel downstairs for for all the fathers. As you make your way downstairs, uh you can collect your little parcel of appreciation. Amen. So God richly bless you. Let's reach across and greet your brother and sister one more time. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name. [Music] Sing like never before. Oh my soul, Lord I will. Brothers can come forward ushers and we are dismissed. God richly bless you. Oh Lord, I worship your holy name. Bless the Lord, oh bless the Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, I worship your holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul Lord I worship the name. Oh Lord I worship the whole day. Bless the Lord. Oh my soul. Oh my soul. God richly bless you. Have a tremendous victorious week in Jesus name. Oh sing like never before. Oh my soul Lord I worship you name. Lord I worship your holy name. Bless the Lord. Oh, bless the Lord. Oh my soul, oh my soul, I worship your holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, Lord, I worship your holy name. Lord, I worship your holy name. Bless the Lord, oh bless the Lord, oh my soul, oh my soul, I worship your holy name. Sing like now. Oh my soul, oh my soul, Lord I worship your name. Oh Lord I worship. [Music] Oh, hey. [Music] All right. [Music] Good morning. [Music]
