################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - The Hour Of Charge - Pastor Solomon Nachina (Ivory Coast) - Solomon Nachina - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-04
Title:   The Hour Of Charge - Pastor Solomon Nachina (Ivory Coast)
Speaker: Solomon Nachina
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmdRPnk3OZw
========================================

[Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey, heat. Hey. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. [Music] Jesus. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Let's all stand this morning. Amen. Just some volume in the monitors. Praise God. Oh my God. Oh Lord, be glorified. Oh be glorified. Oh, and in my life, Lord, be glorified. Oh, today in my heart, Lord, my heart. Lord be glorified. Oh be glorified. Oh your [Music] name. Oh Lord please be glorified oh today. Oh, and in your word, Lord, in your word, Lord, oh be glorified. Oh, be glorified in your word. In your word, your pe glorified oh today. Oh, give him praise this morning. Let's lift our hands and just worship him right now. Oh, begin to thank him. Let's begin to praise him. Let us bless his name this morning. His name is worthy to be praised. He's worthy to be exalted. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Oh yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. We are happy to be in the presence of the Lord in the house of our God. Welcome to his presence this morning. And if you have your Bibles, you like to turn to Psalms 23 for our scripture reading today. Amen. For this for this morning's worship. Amen. Just a bit more volume in the microphone if we could. Thank you. Psalm chapter 23 from verse one says, "The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures. He leadeth me beside the still waters. He restoth my soul. He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake. And yay, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for thou art with me, thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me. Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies. Thou anointest my head with oil. My cup runth over. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. May God add his blessings to the word of to his word. Let's just bow our heads as we pray this morning. Almighty God, we are grateful to you this morning, Lord. We thank you, Father, for your goodness and for your mercy, Lord, that has brought us true, Lord. Father, the mere fact that we could open our eyes this morning and see the light of a new day is the grace of God. Nothing that we could do within ourselves, Lord, but every day is a gift to us, Father. We thank you for it, Lord. We thank you for this day that you have made, Lord, for your glory, Lord, for your own purpose. Lord, we thank you, Lord, that you have called us for your purpose, Father. We are here this morning to respond to that call, oh God, the call of the word of God upon our hearts, Lord, and our lives. Father, we submit to you, Lord. We surrender to you in this place, Lord Jesus. We pray and ask that your presence would come and move in a mighty way, Lord. Lord, make the word alive this morning. Make it real in the hearts of the people, oh God, Father, and anoint them and inspire them, Lord, Father, and raise us up, Lord, Father, upon eagle's wings this morning. We thank you for your goodness. We pray that your your Holy Spirit would just work in this place this morning. Work in this place today, Lord. May lives be changed and transformed. Lord, we give this ser service over to you, Lord. We pray a blessed singing, worship, Lord, Father. We pray a blessed preaching of the word, Lord, and everything that will be said and done from here on out, Lord. We just commit it to you, dear God, because you are the author and finish of our faith, and you deserve all the glory and the honor and the praise this morning. So hide us in your presence one more time as we commit this service into your hands Lord for your glory in Jesus Christ's precious name. Amen and amen. Do you love him this morning? Glory to God. I want you to turn around and greet your brother. Greet your sister. Praise God. Amen. Pray. Give me a key for that song. It is no secret what God can do. Praise God. Amen. It is no secret what God can do. [Music] What he's done for others, he'll do for you with arms wide open. He'll pardon you, oh Lord. It is no [Music] secret what God can do. Oh, it is no secret what God can do. What he's done. Oh, what he's done for us. He'll do for you with all right he see what God can Oh, lift your hand and say, "Oh, it is no secret what God can do." Oh, make he made himself known to you this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, yes. He can touch you. He can anoint you. He can heal the sick. Oh, it opens wide open. He'll find glory. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Is no secret what God can do. Now give the Lord praise right now and worship him in this place. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, may he make himself known to you this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He can anoint you. He can inspire. He can touch you. Oh, hallelujah. He can bless you. He can raise you up. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. It is no secret this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Yes, he is able today. No secret. Oh, what God can do. One more time. It is no secret. Oh, it is no [Music] secret what God can do. What he's done for [Music] us, he'll do for you. We love God. [Music] than you is [Music] seeing what [Music] [Applause] [Music] God. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh glory. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you father. Praise God. Amen. Amen. You can take the key down just by one step. Amen. I know that Jesus is coming in the morning. You feel that way today? Let's sing that song. I know that Jesus is coming in the morning. I know that Jesus is coming back for me. Well, I know. I know. I know. Oh, he's coming in the morning. I know. I know. Oh well, I know that Jesus is Oh, I know that Jesus is coming back for me. I know. I know. I know. Oh, he's coming in for me. I know. I know. I know he's coming back for me. Well, I know that Jesus is coming in. Oh, I know that Jesus is. Oh, I know. I know. I know he's coming in the morning. I know. I know. I know. Oh, he's coming back for me. Oh, I know that Jesus is. Oh, I know that Jesus is. Oh, I know. I know. I know. Oh, he's coming in the morning. I know. I know. I know. Oh, he's coming back. Hallelujah. One more time. I know that Jesus is Oh, I know that Jesus is coming back. Oh, I know. I know. I know he's coming in the morning. I know. I know. I know. Oh, he's coming back. Give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I know that Jesus here. Oh, I know. I know. I know. Oh, he's coming in the morning. I know. I know. I know. Oh, he's coming back. Oh, and we will praise him. Oh, we'll praise him. Oh, yes. We'll praise him in the morning and praise him in a new time. Oh, we'll praise him. Oh, we'll praise him. Oh, we'll praise him when the sun goes down. Oh, and we love him. Oh, we love Oh, yes. We love him in the morning. Oh, we love him in the time. Oh, we love him. Oh, we love him. Oh, we love him when the sun goes down. Oh, it's coming down. Now, now it's coming down. Oh, yes. The spirit when the saints when the saints for the Lord to have his way, then the spirit of the Lord is coming down. Oh, it's coming down, down, down. It's coming down. Oh, Lord. When the spirit of the Lord coming down. Oh, well, when the saints begin to break, fall on to have his way. And the glory of the Lord is coming down. One more time. It's coming down. Down. Down. It's coming down. Oh Lord. Yes. The spirit of the Lord is coming now. When the saints begin to pray for the Lord to have his way. When the spirit of the Lord is coming now. Oh hallelujah. Oh come down down. It's coming now. Oh well yes. The spirit of the Lord is coming now. When the saints When the saint begin to pray for the Lord to have his way, then the spirit of the Lord is coming down. Oh, lift Jesus higher. Oh, lift Jesus higher. Oh, lift him up for the world to see. Hallelujah. Yeah. He said it. That's it. Lift him high this morning. Oh, I will draw all men unto me. Lift Jesus high. Lift Jesus. Oh, lift Jesus high. Oh, and lift him up for the world to see. Oh, he said him. Oh, be lifted up on high. I will draw all men. Give the Lord one more shout of praise this morning. Oh, lift him high this morning. Oh, lift him high today. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, he said it. Oh, be lifted up on high. I will draw all men unto me. One more time. Jesus higher. Oh, lift Jesus higher. Lift him up for the world. Oh, he set it by. He lifted up all high to [Music] me. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Give him praise today. Give him glory. Oh, give him honor. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. He alone is worthy. Somebody lift your hand and sing to worship and adore the lamb. A little more on the monitors, please. victorious for my reign son. Oh, he purchases my own heels my redemption or righteousness. All right. Oh, he exalt the name and song. Oh, of Jesus. He is [Music] worthy. Oh, he alone. Oh, sing it. He alone is worthy. Oh, sing it with me this morning. Oh, lift your hands and praise him. Praise him and adore the lamb. Oh, he is victorious my son. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. I will praise him. Oh, he purchases my redemption. Oh, all right. Just let him. Oh, and s Oh, of Jesus. He is worthy. Now, give the Lord a shout of praise right where you are this morning. He is worthy this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be your name. Glory to your name. Oh, he alone is worthy. He alone is worthy of all praise. Worthy of all the glory. Worthy of all the honor. We thank you Lord. We praise you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, my redemption all [Music] righteousness. Oh, is he exalt the name exalt the lamb of God Jesus. Oh, he is worthy. Exalt the name and song of Jesus. Oh, he is worthy. Oh, he is worthy. [Music] Oh, he is [Music] worthy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord Jesus. He is worthy this morning. He's worthy of all praise. He is worthy of all glory. He is worthy of all honor. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to his name. Blessed be his name. Oh hallelujah. Oh wonderful. Oh wonderful. Oh wonderful. Yes you are wonderful. Lift your hand and sing all over. He's wonderful. Wonderful. Oh, he's wonderful. Wonderful. Oh, he's wonderful. Glorious. He's [Music] glorious. Glorious. He's glorious. Oh, he's glorious. He's marvelous. He's marvelous. Oh, he's Oh, he's marvelous. Oh, he's marvelous. He's glorious. He's glorious. Oh, he's glorious. Glorious. Oh, he's Lord. Lift your hand and sing all over. He's glorious. He's glorious. Oh, he's glorious. Oh, he's glor. Oh, wonderful. Wonderful. Bless you, Lord. Wonderful. Wonderful. Oh Jesus. He's wonderful. Wonderful. He's wonderful. Oh, wonderful. Oh, he's [Music] wonderful. Wonderful. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Thank you, brother Anthony. You appreciate the Lord this morning. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord? Did you come with your praises? Did you come with your expectations? Did you come with your cups open for the Holy Spirit to pour into you this morning? Before you take your seats for a few minutes, we do have a note of praise from brother Terrence oid, I'd like to express praise and thanks to God for his grace towards my daughter, Sister Jamaima. On Friday, while driving to Matura, there was diesel on the road and her vehicle skidded off the road and stopped by a culvert. Thanking God for his hand of protection, God answers prayer. Amen. We have a reason to thank God this morning. There are things that we see. There are things that we could acknowledge that we could thank God for. But even more importantly are the things we do not see. The angel of the Lord stepping in here, stepping in there, blocking us here, and you tried to figure out why something didn't work out and God kept you right here because if you had gone on further, it would have been a different story. So, we have a reason to thank the Lord this morning. Can we give the Lord a hand of praise? Can we thank him? Can we acknowledge his goodness? Can we thank him not just for what he does for us, but thank him for the trials? Thank him for the testings. Thank him for the things we do not understand. Thank him for the problems that he in his wisdom sends us through to form our character to allow us to grow, to love, to forgive, to dig deeper than ourselves, to go beyond our ambitions, our desires, our motives, and to just see Jesus Christ manifested. Amen. We do have a prayer request this morning from sister June Redhead for my brother Michael Redhead has been diagnosed with a rare condition called granulomaatus. I believe I got that right. It's a condition which attacks the major organs in the body. Please pray for his healing and for him to be filled with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That's a very noble request this morning. And if you have a request even before we get into the service this morning, you want to show by raising your hands as we approach the throne of grace this morning, looking for God to do something special for us. Let's bow our heads, every eye closed, keep playing something softly. Our gracious heavenly father, we thank you this morning for your love, for your grace, for your kindness, for your mercy, for your faithfulness, and for your promises, for your loving kindness that is better than life. Lord, our lips are here and we are praising you, Father. Lord, we bless your holy name. From the rising of the sun to the going down of the same, your name is worthy to be praised. Uh priests of all would walk with the bells ringing, holy, holy, holy, holy unto the Lord, oh Lord, God almighty father. And we stand, Lord, as Lord, spiritual sacrifices Lord, presenting, Lord, not just our lips and our words and our worship, but we present our bodies a living sacrifice to you. And Lord, where we have fallen short, Father, we ask for forgiveness this morning, Father. Lord, there are so many things we should do that we have not done, Lord. And we come into your house this morning, Lord, knowing that you are a merciful God. And knowing that there's blood that was shed for us, that through your blood, we could have divine access to what's behind the veil, Father. Lord, and when you stood there at the cross at Calvary, the veil was rent from top to bottom to open up access to sons and daughters who were adopted into the family of fellowship, which in times old, only the priests could look therein. But now, Father, are sons and daughters of God that are led by the spirit of God. We could be called the sons of God. So we thank you for your word, for your promises, for your grace, for Lord, how you have kept us all these years, and you have kept us in this year, and you have kept us in the last few months, and you have kept us in the beginning of this month, and you have brought us here into this service this morning. Lord, some are bruised, some are battered, some are tired, some are weary, some in the mountain, some in the valley, some feeling 100%, some feeling 10%. But Lord, we are all gathered here under your blood knowing that you promised that you could finish what you started in us, Father. So we are grateful this morning. We are thankful this morning. And Lord, we have this request this morning for Michael Redhead diagnosed with a rare condition. But Father, we thank you that you are a specialist in rare conditions. We thank you that you excel when the conditions are rare. We thank that you are the great physician that when the doctors don't know what to do, Lord, this is where your court is. The ball is in your court this morning. And we bring every rare condition, every rare case this morning. Every things the doctors don't know what to do with. Every situation the bank doesn't know what to do with, every obstacle, every situation. We bring every rare case to the house to Lord, when you walk the earth, you said they that are well have no need of a physician. So we thank you this morning that you are still a healer. We pray dear God for Michael ready that you heal him even now from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet. May the condition be reversed that is attacking every organ. Father sickness is of the enemy and we send it back from where it come from. House of hell give way to the name of Jesus. Satan take your hands off of God's property. Lord his sister sent in the house asking not just for healing but for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. There's no greater desire than for a life transformed by the wonder working power of God. So even with our hands raised this morning, we join in faith with her and with every brother, every sister, for every condition, every need, every situation, natural and spiritual, that the angel of the Lord will move through the camp this morning and minister to the sons and daughters of the living God. May you bless your people and may these requests become notes of praises. We commit your church into your hands. We commit your people into your hands. May you bless our pastor this morning. Even as he prepares to preach this morning, Lord, there in in New Jersey, may the angel of the Lord drop down upon him, Lord. May the fire fall, Lord. May the people be blessed, Father. Lord, there for such a time as this, Father. May the anointing, Lord, pour upon him as it never has been before. And may liberty break out here in the US even now. May you bless the service here this morning. May you bless the gatherings all around the world, all around the country of your true elected. It's one body. It's a mystical body, one Lord, one faith, one baptism. May the angel of your Lord be with your people this morning and be with us in your special way. And the church says, and the church says, amen and amen. You may be seated for a few minutes. Glory. It feels good in the house of the Lord. It feels good in the house of the Lord. The Psalmist David said, "I was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of the Lord." Even if you're feeling sick, let us go. I was glad when they say, "Let us go." Because when I know when I get into the house of God's bread, there's food for me. There's food for my family. My cup can never run dry when I'm in the presence of the Lord. And we thank God for his grace, for his mercy. I greet you this morning in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And uh I mentioned to brother oid and I said to brother Anthony in the back it feels weird I've not been in the house here in about a month. The last time I was in church was when Miss Tabernacle was here 2 days after I flew out to Ghana. And uh so and then it was on to Ivory Coast and then uh last Sunday I was in the country but I am not old. I'm young, but I'm not as young as I used to be. So, last Sunday I was wiped out a bit under the weather, but uh I trust the Lord blessed you. And certainly to see that God is a God of the audience. He's a God of his people and he doesn't need any one person for things to go on. God has gifts everywhere. So, we really want to be grateful and I bring many, many greetings. I know brother oid extended some last week but I bring many greetings. I'll start in Ghana and for those of you who may not have known I was invited to Ghana to perform a funeral of I guess it would be the equivalent of our brother Moro. So this would have been the brother that would have been instrumental in the forming of brother Solomon Nina's church. uh in fact he would have been the one to testify uh I guess to brother Solomon and his family and brother Solomon if you don't know came out of a Muslim background and the message came to him and took a Muslim and not only made him a message believer but turned him into a preacher you know so the brother who would have been instrumental in the formation of that church he had I guess a a desire he said when my time comes I want brother Isaac to come to do the funeral so it was a very tall order or request and uh it is something that he had said for quite some time. I had remembered it but at the time when it was said a few years ago, you know, sometimes people say things and you never really, you know, take it as this is a literal thing until I got a message. Our brother Safo has gone on to be the Lord and they're expecting you to come and do the funeral, you know. So, by the grace of God, we we went there and had a wonderful time with the family, with the believers. Uh it was quite a funeral service. I think about 800 or so people were there. He was very respected. He was loved. And he lived a life that was such a testimony um of the grace of God. You know, he lived about two and a half hours from the church and would drive every Sunday to church, 2 and 1/2 hours to church, 2 and 1/2 hours back home. Um, so sometimes you look at situations and you look at your own context and you know I I left there I was speaking at the funeral service and I sent a screenshot to our family chat because uh the temperature in Trinidad sometimes the highest might be a 32 sometimes I think might be a 34 at 1000 p.m. at night was like 34 there. So I said I would never again say Trinidad is a hot country. My whole and I I was preaching and I and I preached and I said the heat we have here I would never again say Trinad is a hot country because I felt a temperature there that I'd never felt before. And I said if this is the kind of temperature that is getting closer to the temperature down in hell then we want to see that temperature. But the reality is, you know, it just gives you a deeper appreciation of the grace of God to us and to everyone and the sacrifices that people make because they're searching for a truth and a reality, you know. So uh so I ministered on the Saturday uh for the funeral and then the burial and then the Sunday morning we had a service as well and by the grace of God the people were blessed. So greetings from mother Solomon Nachina and the church there in Tamali and Tetuman and we were over in Dongo and by the grace of God we look forward to having more meetings there in Ghana because I believe God has seeds and sons everywhere and the reality is we want to make ourselves available to God to use in the way that he wants to be he wants us to be used you know and and we realize that everything that we do only what we do for the kingdom is what will last only what we do for the kingdom is what will stand you know and and then we went over to Ivory Coast and well you have seen some of the services uh last Friday we had brother one of Boe's messages and then last Sunday um the closing message of the meeting when I preached about the mystery of Caleb between uh uh Abraham and David and what a time we had in Ivory Coast. tell you the the worship and the praising and the shouting and the I I always I'm blown away when you go to Ivory Coast because the fire you see in the first service is the fire you see down to the last service you know you walk into the first service and people are jumping on their feet shouting and there's no break in that rhythm in that momentum throughout the entire meeting and you see a people that's hungry and on fire for the Lord and and that's how we all want to be that we're not coming because it's a show or we coming because it's a it's a display or we putting on something but it's a true hunger and a desire to see a present tense reality of the living God you know and that's what we see there you know and it was such a blessing while over there to see how the Lord is working here on this side as well so I really want to join with what brother O did last week and salute the church and salute the ministers here uh brother Gideon brother Anthony brother Steven for an exceptional service to the Lord and for the church being here to support and and the brunch and everything that that went into it. May God richly bless you and as Breovit said is a sign of a maturing church and a mature church and we want to continue to press our way into the kingdom of God uh knowing that time is short and one of these days the last service will be so we'll have the last service the last song. So for the time that we have, for the grace that we have, because we see all the political turmoil, we see the economic turmoil, we see governmental policies changing, there's stuff happening, you know, in the US and there's stuff in Africa and their countries reclaiming this and you can't fly here. And I think the US just said a green card holder is just a guest, which is a different thinking on the way it was many years ago. and the the uncertainty from economic policy, from monetary policy, from political policy. All of this is supposed to happen and think it not strange when these things happen because that is what is supposed to happen. But that is not even our indicator. The indicator for what is to happen is what's happening here this morning. The indicator of what's to unfold is what's happening in the bride around the world. Because we are the ones that have the real influence. Can the church say amen? When the people of God come into a realization of their position in Christ and the power comes upon the church, then everything is going to go because God can't bring judgment unless there's warning. And there can't be a warning. Unless there's a people to warn that he wants to call out of this world into the reality of what he saw for you before you had a mortgage and before the doctor tell you what he told you and before you went through that trial and that testing that he who is greater in you than he that's in the world is going to take you through. He's going to take you through your trial. He's going to take you through your test. He's going to take you through every situation. And that physical pain you might be feeling is temporary. The gray hair is temporary. The arthritis is temporary. Your son struggling in the world temporary. Oh, come on now. You don't hear me this morning. The doctor's report is temporary. [Music] I was having a conversation with my wife because you know we just had a political change in this country and I said when you understand the way governments are structured the role of a permanent secretary in a ministry is to be there to manage the transition in governments because if you take away all the leaders of every ministry in one day you have no no country you know that's right nobody know what happened last week nobody know what happened 10 years ago nobody had no system so you can't just clear all these flee and move everybody because nobody know what going on. So there's a there's a role that exists within the civil service called a permanent secretary of somebody who is there. So even if the government change this year, the next 5 years, the next five years, the role of the PS is to keep the ship going even when the minister changes. So the PS in the context of that infrastructure is the constant or the role of the constant that is there so that when the the the the the things shift there's something that's sure and we have a PS is an anchor so your situation change you're changing your job you're changing your life but there's an anchor that holds even when the storm blows even when things change there's an anchor that holds despite the storm there's something that's permanent in your life and it's that seed in your soul that the prophet taught us you are not even a believer but the word seed in you that's a believer that word is speaking for you when you can't even speak for yourself that word is believing for you when you don't believe in yourself you may not have prayed this morning but that seed is representing you this morning and the blood when you say hallelujah your voice goes through the blood and he sees you through the blood even though you made a mistake last week he sees you through the blood can the church say amen we give the Lord a hand Praise. I'm almost [Applause] done. So, just to encourage the church, we are in a new season. I can't even believe how quickly time is moving. But we are in the month of May. We just started this year. And before you know it, it's June. It's July convention. Before you know it, it's December. It's Christmas and a new year again. Time is running out. But one of these days we're going to break from time into eternity. I can't wait for that day. You know, I can't wait for the day when I could break from time. But if Brandham said now we are blending, there's a mixing taking place. So we are getting some touches of eternity even in this service this morning. And that touch of eternity is making them gray here. Think twice about being gray. Oh, you don't hear me this morning. Those touches of eternity is making your spine that under pressure say wait a minute there's something greater than what's happening here. Your theophony is whispering to you this morning because we are blending from time to eternity. Glory. So I want to salute the church and this morning over is preaching in the US. He preached Friday night. He's preaching this morning. So there's a lot of demands. There's a lot of of of moving behind the scenes. There's a rustle in the malberry tree. There's all over the world, the spirit is moving. No one church could say they have it. No one group could say they have it. It's one Lord. It's one faith. It's one baptism. It's one body. And by one spirit, we are baptized into that one body. And God is sovereign. He doesn't need permission to call you. He doesn't need permission to use you. He doesn't need permission to forgive you. He doesn't need permission to bless you. Not even the accuser. Because the devil is the accuser of the brethren and he is bringing accusations against you this morning. That's his job to do. But the sovereign God who is judge and lawyer, he could ignore the accusation of the wicked one and say that is my son. That is my daughter. And they are going to have the victory because I wrote their name in the book before they were even here. I wrote their name. God is not now choosing us. He has already chosen you. [Applause] Glory. So this morning we are getting ready to go back to Ivory Coast. Brother Solomon Nina preach a masterpiece and we are going to get into that message and we look forward to have him here for our convention uh later this year in July. So by the grace of God uh we are getting some appetizer to the convention here this morning. And just for an announcement, uh, Brother Steven with Anthony, this Wednesday ahead of us, we will not have a physical service here at the church. It'll just be a live stream. So, connect online on Wednesday night at 8:00 p.m. It will not be a physical service here at the tabernacle this coming Wednesday. It'll be a live stream service only. And this coming Friday, we'll be back to having our Zoom uh prayer meeting. So, may the Lord richly bless you. Brother Shane, we can go to the tape. God bless you. [Music] God. [Music] [Music] Oh, your name sing. Your name [Music] is your name [Music] is your name [Music] Yes, Lord. Oh, you love him this morning. There's no doubt. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He specializes in the [Music] impossible. When we stop, that's where he begins. And he never sleeps. He never fails. His word is sure. His promise is sure. His word is sure. When we gather to fulfill his word, we know he's a miracle working man. And we are gathered this weekend for him to prove his word. He will never fail. He has never failed. He will never fail. not about to fail if you hear prove his word. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Shall we bow our heads this morning, our dear heavenly father, we come this morning, our hearts bowed to thee, with our hearts thanksgiving. Lord, we know your word never. [Music] Thank you for the journey mercies for your health and strength. Thank you for the opportunity to worship under your feet. One more commit ourselves this morning. Take us out of the way. May the mind of Christ drop down on the house of the people, on the house of the preachers and on the worshippers. together make a joyful noise unto thee. Lord, take every spirit under our control for the glory of God. May you break the shackles of the enemy. May the Holy Ghost be the same again of your word. Bless the hearing of it, your glory. Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. And the church say and the church say the Lord bless you. It's good to be in Ivory Coast one more time. When we come to Ivory Co. We feel at home because we are home together one more time because we were somewhere before. We're just passing through time and we are here to make a joyful to the Lord. So this morning on behalf of my wife and the church that is here, we want to take this opportunity to thank you all for inviting us and receiving us giving us the opportunity to speak to you this morning. We want to appreciate our precious pastor Paul, the church, the officers. Lord richly bless you for this opportunity and I want to salute our precious brethren behind us, our precious brother. God bless you. I want to take this opportunity together with the church to say happy birthday. Amen. Amen. Getting younger. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Our precious brother, God bless you. And precious brother Stephanos, soldiers behind the wheel. Shoulders with the wheel. Brother Abraham said these are God's dress wearing men but you are looking at God called men in this hour that we live in. There are just a few of them that have overcome money overcome women overcome popularity obtained the word in all pure form in his pure form. So this weekend we're going to hear from heaven and I pray that the Lord will bless us my advice to you is open your heart. a word from the Lord that God is here to break the shackles of the enemy. God is here to deliver you. God is here to fill you. God is here to meet you at the point of you have to open [Music] up. Amen. So let us together make a joyful noise unto the Lord. [Music] God bless you. As we have our Bibles, shall we go straight to the word? We want to read from two portions of scripture. Joshua chapter 2 and Mark [Music] 14. So, Joshua chapter 2, and I'm going to skip, you know, the story. Rahab and the spies that went down to Jericho was down by Al Jericho. And so Joshua 2:9, he said unto the men, I know that the Lord had given you the land, and that your terror is falling upon us, and that all the inhabitants of the land faint because of you. For we have heard how the Lord dried up the water of the Red Sea for you, when ye came out of Egypt, and what ye did unto the two kings of the Amorites that were on the other side of Jordan, Sheila and Og, whom ye utterly destroyed. And as soon as we had heard these things, our hearts did melt, neither did neither there remain more courage in any man because of you. For the Lord your God, he is God in heaven above and in the earth beneath. Therefore, now therefore, I pray thee, swear unto me by the Lord, since I have shown you kindness, that ye will also show kindness unto my father's house, and give me a true token. Amen. I'll skip down to verse 17. And the man said unto her, we will be blames of thy which thou hast made us swear. Behold, when we come into the land, thou shalt bind this lean, this line of scallet thread in the window which thou did let us down by, and thou shalt bring thy father, and thy mother, and thy brethren, and all thy father's household home unto thee. And it shall be what? That what? Whosoever shall go out of the doors of thy house into the street, his blood shall be upon his head, and we will be guiltless. But whomsoever be with thee in the house, his blood shall be on our head. If any hand be upon him, and if thou author this business, then we will be quit of thy oath which thou hast made us swear. And she said, accordingly to your words, so be it. She sent them away, and they departed. And she bound the scarlet lying in the window. [Music] All right. So, Mark 14 verse 39 verse 8. And again he went away and prayed and the same words. And when he returned, he found them asleep again, for their eyes were heavy, neither with they what to answer him. And he came, he cometh the third time, and said unto them, "Sleep on now, and take your rest. It is enough. The hour is come. Behold, the Son of Man is betrayed into the hands of sinners. Rise up, let us go. Lo, he that betrayed me is at hand. He that betrayeth me is at hand." And immediately while he yet speak cometh Judas, one of the 12, and with him a great multitude with swords and staffs from the chief priests and the scribes and the elders. And he that betrayed him had given them a token, saying, Whomsoever I shall kiss, that same that is that same is he, take him, and lead him away safely. And as soon as he come, he was come, he goeth straight away to him and said, "Master, master," and kissed him. And they laid their hands on him and took him. Father, we thank you for the reading of your word. Bless in Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, we are here this weekend. Amen. to meet the Lord and for a title this morning the hour of chargeonsibility. We are here in a battlefield. We are not here on a picnic. We are not here to see one another to push back the enemy. We are here. We are here to let the devil know sight subject a more sure word of prophecy. Now when God says [Music] anything when he declares his word that word cannot return back. He sent a prophet. The prophet declared there shall be a bride. There shall be a bride. Now that word is a spirit that has been released into the world and is to find the people individuals who need the bride and the purpose of that is the ambassadors of Jesus Christ. of that bride indicate the word of that bride. Take this Bible living walking document. When the world want to see Jesus, you have to see the bride. The prophet declared here is the secret of the word which is eternal is in the bride. to the bride. Abraham said that you are the liberal way of therefore means that failure cannot bring on the rapture. bring on the resey manifestation of prophecy. We are here to declare declare war without tired tired of being defeated. We are tired of the sick being among us. of the captives being among us. The year today of Jubilee, the year of Jubilee against every principality by our freedom of freedom, our might power, but by authority, our position of God appear. When the Holy Ghost in you will be like him like him of prophecy going through your ups and down over your life promise over your life. Whosoever the son of man. Whosoever the son of man set free indeed this morning. You are free this morning. You are free this morning. Remember your jubilee came. Freedom declaration was made. You had a choice. Receive it. You had a choice. Rejected it. Received it. Receive your [Music] freedom forever to your [Music] life. His word you praise this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. So we thank God this morning. You may be seated. The hour has come. We live in a time perilous times are here. Perilous times are here. Men are lovers of themselves more than lovers of in you. The word se from God back to God. Nothing but the word on the wording on theology. I am relying on sending me to God. Great economy man. God called man. [Music] God called man called man. So today we are blessed because in the days of Noah he was a preacher of righteousness. In the days of Paul, the defender of the faith. But today, God called men of righteousness of the faith bringing the righteousness of God. And we are the word cannot preach of righteousness. defenders of the faith. And so here we are. What is the purpose? To bring the bride to perfection, the bride to fullness, the image of Christ as he is. You will be therefore perfect. Our father in heaven is perfect. your perfection something to make you perfect to make you perfect it. Jesus wanted that perfection. When you receive that perfection, when this life is [Music] over, we are interested in that life perfect. It takes the person foresus [Music] Christific itself of Christare. You may be seated. You may be seated. So 2025 years ago, Jesus, the King of Kings, the Lord of Lord, power the devil to release you of sin, your cross. like this. As we read in the scripture, it was destroyed not from the outside from the inside outside world. It had to happen. We stand here today. Sin can be attached to your life. I tell you this morning, you have no relationship with sin. You are the [Music] devil of [Music] God. Finish today finished. The blood shed freedom. Shared deliverance shared by the Holy Spirit be released back to your soul. This is the hour. The hour be connected to the broken. The Holy Ghost in the life of God. Oh, you may be seated. So I declare today and now I've received the fullness of the atonement blood has been shed. The brother the blood came back the holy spirit without blood. You can't find the literal chemistry of the blood [Music] today pure word back. restoring the heart of man that when you stand, demons will shake step out will have to give way that cometh in the name of the Lord. Who is he that cometh in the name of the Lord of Jesus [Music] Christ today? Therefore, you have power, principalities, power, everything that binds you. You have been declared free. Jesus conquered [Music] death to come to your feet. Blessed be the name. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. So this morning we have not been called life. We have not been called to a defeated life. We have been called to the manifestation of the manifest. The only way to be manifested as the son of God to have him is to have him. The Holy Ghost itself, but the enemy keeps us [Music] doubting. The enemy keeps us doubting. It keeps us [Music] believing that the word of God for us come to the living reality so that everything that he said concerning me. This is the hour. I am not leaving this convention. an experience is going to [Applause] shout. The devil is afraid of afraid of the shouting. What scares the devil life deal with the Holy Spirit? We need the Holy Ghost, our shouting and our presence has been accepted accepted of authority. This I want to shout different. I want to experience the Holy Spirit because the Holy Ghost is your promise. Jesus before he left them, he told them, "I sent the promise of the father before you and you need to carry till you are enduring." He said, "L and continually praising him even before the Holy Ghost in the right place in the right atmosphere. You might not have received the Holy Ghost in the temple, him, worshiping him, waiting for the promise of the father. But the Bible said while they were gathered, all of a sudden there came a sound. They came a sound from heaven and rushing mighty wind. That sounded an ordinary sound. The moving of the Holy Ghost, the person of Jesus Christ into their heart settling on them, giving them power. The son of God when he came abroad the Holy Ghost in your life witness a witness to receive this weekend to connect back to that upper room [Music] experience. This be just another convention that experience the life of Jesus Christ. into your soul. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So we are preparing for war. You may be seated and that war will bring us to a place. You know who we are who the devil is. When you know who you are, you will not be in the devil's camp. You will not be in the devil's camp. You will not be like the prodigal son. You will not be like the prodigal son. But you will stay with your inheritance. You have to pick up your enemy. But when you are going to war, know what you are fighting for. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Nations go to war. Nations go to war. And there's a reason why they go to war. And the reason is justified. Even the international communities recognize it. Heaven recognizes a war that started in heaven. That war was not finished. the conclusion of the war on the earth. And there's a people on both sides on the side of God and on the side of the devil are continuing this war against right and wrong against right and wrong. against the mark of Christ and the mark of the beast. And this war against true men of God, false men. This war is about the sons of the enemy and we are on God's side. This war to a conclusion. Tell the devil there are young people that will receive the Holy Ghost in the Bible. And the young people overcame by the blood of the lamb. [Music] power of God names are Shadrach, Machameain false teaching in their day. If they overcame the false teaching in their day and overcome today, they were by faith. Shadrach, Shadrach, by faith, by faith, and by faith, the young people overcome every principality, every false Christ, every false interpretation is fighting that war. [Applause] The word in you was fighting that war. We must speak our enemy today. Maybe your enemy principalities and powers. Maybe your enemy drug abusion. Maybe your enemy is fornication. Maybe your enemy is adultery. Maybe your enemy prayerless life. But today I have good news for you might be by power is on the finished work on the finished work of Calvary. Jesus took all that himself on the crossify crucified all those demons. [Music] Finish your names. Your names put in the book of life standing today. Michael is standing today. Every day that is not written in that book. The enemy that is battling you today, you have been given power to overcome him. You have been given power trample upon him. Walk on him. Walk on him. So that sickness tells you that the doctor says it is terinal will never be healed. Only manage it. Your Bible says that word of prophecy says by my stripes you are he whose report will you believe the report of the word believe the report of the word power by the Red Sea. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I will believe the report of the word when the mind was blind. Hallelujah. Pray live many in the word. Rahab messed up. One word stood for her. Stood for her house. The harlot and all of her household were saved believe in that report and the doctors report. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated. Pick your enemy today. Pick your enemy. You must make preparation. for that war. Amen. Amen. If you are making preparation, you must have the right ammunition to face that enemy. You must know your enemy's weight. You must know your enemy's [Music] ability. You must know who your enemy is. Know the strategy. defeat that enemy must know his tricks to have a counter strategy to defeat that enemy. And the prophet by the Holy Spirit told us the tricks of the enemy that we must recognize him every one of his tricks. So today we are declaring that we are not divided. We are not divided. That's one of the tricks of the enemy. Because none of the divided united the Holy Ghost cannot move among you in one mind in one accord to receive the promise. They were united after the promise. We've got to be united because there is one body is one spirit. We are all baptized in one spirit into that one body. The trick of the enemy divide us to bring divisions among us. No more. No more. We recognize recognize the enemy every one of his streets. He cannot divide us. He cannot divide us. Our homes, he can't divide us. Our church, he cannot divide us. He cannot divide us here on the church. Hallelujah. Amen. So Jesus when the hour came for him to prove his word there was prophecy. You may see that there is prophecy over the word over the word that Jesus will have to come and take your sin upon himself and make a way to be restored. Even Jesus the word. Even Jesus almighty God could have just spoken the word. No, but it had to take blood. It had to take blood. So that blood must be shed. Jesus had to come down in a battle to charge against all those principalities against sin to to charge against sin in order to break the barrier between you and the Holy Ghost. The reason why the Holy Ghost couldn't come. So the only way God could release the Holy Ghost, sin barrier. He died on the cross. Sin barrier was broken. You could now receive the Holy Jesus had to go to the cross and when he went to the cross as a manifestation cross had taken away sin. So the Holy Ghost came defeated. It was declared. Peter said, "Promise of the Holy Ghost unto you and to your children and to your children's children, to them that are power, even as many as the Lord our God shall come." So God from then on, from then on, God from then on, from that time on God made it a requirement. that you must receive the Holy Ghost. Jesus told them, "You must be born. Coming to church is not enough. The message is not enough. The message is not enough. Need the Holy Ghost. Mary needed the Holy Ghost. If there was anyone with an excuse not to press for the Holy Ghost, it was Mary. But in the upper room, Mary was [Music] there for the Holy Ghost. for you and I today the same requirement for us in the message is not enough in the message has not yet accepted your faith come to be among us be in each and every one of you Abraham comes the token is the Holy Ghost. The token means that the fair has been paid. The token means that your faith has been accepted. So we need to be accepted. We are believers of the word today. We need to be accepted. Token is there. You must have the token. the manifest token power. You hear me? You get the power without ghost. The real Holy Ghost came is your promise. You don't have anything to do. No work of grace. There is no work in your own ability. Do Jesus paid the price. All that you have to do. Come onto him. Come on to him. Receive your receive your work. Nothing to do. Accept it. Accept it. Jesus broke the barrier. Every receive the Holy Ghost. Every prophet have to receive the Holy Baptist to receive the Holy Came knowing that this eternal life took something more than going to church. He said, "What can I do about this eternal life?" Jesus told him, "You must be born again." It goes for the pope. It goes for the pope. The pope needs the Holy Ghost. The pope needs the Holy Ghost. Without the Holy Ghost cannot come in the presence of the hour, the need of the hour. Charge of this [Music] hour. Charge of this hour. Not against the next charge of the hour. A reality. The reality that will come upon each of us, it will come at each of us. And when the Holy Ghost fell, the team of the apostles, the team of every apostle was that have you received came into the message? Have you received the Holy Ghost? You were born [Music] [Music] again. When I see the blood, when I see the blood, when your blood pass over you, Holy [Music] Ghost need an experienceal. The Holy Ghost power you empower you. The body of [Music] Christ take you to the rapture. of the Holy Ghost. The token, the token, identification, our worship is in vain. Is in vain. Our preaching is in vain. Holy Ghost. Pastor need the Holy Ghost. Need the Holy Ghost. Need the Holy Ghost. Need the Holy Ghost. Need the Holy Ghost. Why is the Holy Ghost of Christ follow the charge? I am calling you to the charge of the Holy Ghost. Holy Ghost in a time. If there was ever a time to check up, if there was ever the church examined itself, the Holy Ghost in your soul, in your life, is leading you spirit of truth when it comes to show you all things. You need the Holy Ghost today. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. Abraham in a deceived church by the world. He said, "For God can keep anyone, can keep anyone and use anyone, life will follow after him. For it is God's business. But when we tend to aside away from the things of God, God cannot use us any longer. When we will walk steadfastly over the commandments of God, when we will stay in the pages of the Bible, worship by the written word, worship God in spirit and in truth of the word. God can use any individual. The sick needs to be healed. God needs individual He can use without the Holy Spirit can't use you. Nature is growing. Creation is groaning. Creation is groaning for the manifestation of you. We need to come to our place. [Music] position because God wants men that he can use that he can use children that he can use can worship him spirit and can use any but when they take a notion to turn aside to something else God cannot use that person any longer. When Saul was a Pharisee, his name was in the book, God had to use him. Saul had an experience. Before God could use him when he got that experience was the experience. It was not a fellowship card, but it was an experience. the Holy Ghost and fire came into the name change. He was no longer Saul, but he was Apostle Paul. The Holy Ghost made a change out of him. The Holy Ghost make a change out of us. When we gather When [Music] we manifestation, we will bring in the sick and the sick will not remain sick. What is it? We come manufacture it to take the Holy Spirit. I want you and I come to the reality of our life today. that I need the Holy Ghost. That should be your confession. I need the Holy Ghost. I need a personal experience. Abraham, something a great a great deal like the church. Something a great deal like the church started off right. He started off in the right direction like many of us when we came into the message. He started off in the right direction like Samson. He started off and was called a mighty man of valor. He started out serving the Lord and keeping his words his commandments and like the church It started off on as we would say of the word expression on the right foot started to keep the command of the Lord. As long as something followed the Lord, the Lord used something. As long as you and I, we follow the Lord by receiving the Holy Ghost, God can use us. Amen. Amen. The prophet said remember we are not on a picnic but we are in a battlefield. So the Holy Ghost picnic is not just one revival to the other but we are on a battlefield. When Jacob was faced with facing Esau knew that his tricks had come to an end. His wishy worship church membership had come to an end. [Music] waiting for Jacob. Esau was ready to take revenge. Jacob knew he needed something greater. So, Jacob went into desperation. He had a need of the hour in Jacob's life. [Music] He got a hold of the angel. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But remember Bible said when Jacob was was going on his journey, the same place that he met the angel. Jacob slept there and didn't feel anything. On his return back to meet [Music] Esau battle with that same place had a reality check of his life. Something greater than just being Jacob. The Bible said then he saw angels going up and down the ladder. got a hold of one of them. Tell them how he was a son. Nobody had to tell them if you don't bless me to go this blessing this blessing my family this blessing you've got to bless me bless me to bless me will not The prophet said he said until I receive the Holy Ghost my rotten bones [Music] here, the Holy Ghost reality we must face because time is no longer. Death is knocking on our doors. Believers every day, burying believers every day. The scripture which is a motion of prophecy must be fulfilled. Ecclesiastes tells us that there's a day to be born and there's a day to die. So you and I are faced with that word that comes now. We are going to meet him. We are going to come to that place that door of death. Open up. Swallow us in. But the only way you can overcome that door of the Holy Spirit, the only way you have the Holy Spirit will shut that door of death. This one doesn't [Music] belong from another life. You must get the Holy Spirit. In order to face the well council of churches, we must get the Holy Ghost anointed that are in the land. Without the Holy Spirit, without the Holy Spirit, we are under an anointing to pull you away from the faith. You need the Holy Ghost in your life, the right word. Let us not be like something today. We are not on a picnic. We are in a battlefield. Many people think that when they become a Christian, that's all they need to do that settles it forever. as they are a Christian and everything is going on easy never get that in your head ever think that I'm in the message end it for I become a Christian to fight the good fight of faith I become a Christian get in battle lines You get it now? To become believers to get in battle lines because this war I didn't start it. You must finish this [Music] war into our soul. Then we become overcomer. You may be seated. We are Christian soldiers. We have got to be trained and brought up and know all the techniques of the enemy. Know how to fortify to fight the fight. We do that. Holy Spirit to us. We cannot take what some other nation tells us when they go to war. We cannot take what other nation tells us. Some of their ideas take our own ideas where the Holy Spirit us and what ideas he would give us. He is the commanding chief of the army of the Christians. And the only way we can get that commanding officers commanding officers is to be connected with him by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. on the channel of communication of God through the Holy Spirit by the Holy Ghost cannot ever communicate with God. Amen. Amen. Notice three stages justification by faithification baptism of the perfection. We we want to come to perfection. It is the requirement of our day. Not just the gift of the Holy Spirit faith all the way to charity. When perfect love capstone itself, person of Christ sit in the throne of your heart. Said I did not come to build an organization. come to build individuals to the to power houses supposed to be a powerhouse. You cannot be a powerhouse. So we must come to that glorified state of the Holy Ghost possible. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. So the prophet said position of a believer in Christ said God chose you in Christ before the foundation of said that is what the scripture said that we should be holy without blame before him in love in what in love we should be holy without blame before him in without plain without blemish, not one spot on the church at all. How are we going to get that way? We can't do it. Human we are subject to all kinds of mistakes now that we are coming to the perfection of it. Amen. Amen. So he reads Hebrews chapter 9. And said, "For the law having a shadow of good things to come, the law having a good shadow to come the very image of the things never make those with sacrifices that is offered year by year continually the come onto perfection." So what is he talking about? Is not our ability. Not a capacity. I can shout. I can. No. But accepting that sacrifice, let that sacrifice be a reality to you. Give you overcoming power be reality to you. Power in your life. And now man ever become perfected. And yet God in his word that he chose us to be holy perfected before the foundations of the world. How are you going to do that? Be therefore perfect. Jesus said, "Be therefore perfect as your heavenly father in heaven. If God before the world ordain that we should be holy, without blame and perfect in his sight. They are struggling and [Music] memoring that God has seen all these things. He forneew it and predestinated us to be so elected us before the world was ever formed. But Christ become a high priest of good things to come. Greater and a more perfect tabernacle not made with hands to say not made of clothing. by his own blood. He entered in once in the holy place and having ordained as to redemption for us. So by one spirit are all baptized into one body and become members of this body. Romans 8:1 there is for now no condemnation when the Holy Ghost come then you can declare therefore now no condemnation are in Christ Jesus that have received the token has been displayed has been accepted accept no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus that walk not after the flesh and a man that is in Christ in Christ Jesus walks after spiritual things. When you receive the Holy Ghost [Music] to the world is caral mind foolishness believe it is ever life there you are what can harm you when you are in Christ receive the can you are in Christ and just assure that God raised Jesus from the dead they will come in Christ. We have got to come. God has done promising for just as show that the body goes up in that body just as Christ rose from the [Music] dead in that body. And when the trumpet sound this motor must put on immortality must go up with him. But the only way I can claim that the Holy Spirit is by the Holy Spirit is by the Holy Ghost from the token said a blood identify the believer because the life had gone out and could not come back. It it has to have a chemistry. had to have like a paint a blood show that life from it. Now the very itself is the token closing out. Let us pay attention this morning. The very spirit itself is the token. The Holy Spirit itself is the token. Not the blood. The blood was shed at Calvary. That is true. But the blood as far as it is went back to the elements of which it came from from the food that he lived on earth. And you see inside that blood cell there was a life started the blood cell to move in the chemical life in it no life in it itself move when the life come into the chemistry of the blood formed a cell form of his own cell from cell after cell becomes a man. That man was God, a manual in flesh. When that life returned back, chemistry went with it. Broken is the Holy Ghost upon the church that they see Christ. The talking is the Holy Ghost upon the church that your brother sees Christ in you. Your brother sees Christ in you. It is not I will try. You must receive the token. You must have the token. Have a battle ready for the token. Everything that keeps you away from the token is your enemy, you must declare war on that. The way you want eternal life, when you want eternal life, receive a token. When you want eternal life, receive a token showing that the price has been paid. It isn't the blood. It is the token of the blood. It is the life itself. Amen. Amen. Full obedience to the whole word of God titles you to the token entitles you to the token. How do you do it? How do we get this token? Peter said on the day of Pentecost every one of you in the name of Christ of your sins they shall receive the gift of the promise is unto you children and to them that are found as many as the Lord our God. So this morning, whatever is blocking you, the Holy Spirit, you must break it today. Turn aside from it [Applause] today. Repain from it [Music] today. Promise word of prophecy will never fail. The word has been declared. God is waiting on you. You are not waiting on God. Waiting on you, but it is a finished work. It must when we can display the token of the Holy Spirit. We have been accepted in Christ and that our token. All we have need of is already purchased by him. We are identified with our token. The token must be ready. The blood covenant blood is not recognized without the token. The word assures us of the promise. The token is the sign that the purchase has been made for us. Full obedience to the full word entitles us to the token. No other way there is that you could ever be entitled to the token until you fully obey the word. [Music] somebody has put into it. Not what somebody has put into it or added to it. What God said about it, he said when he said you must be born again jump up and down at the altar back and there and that don't mean all this foolishness that we It means putting your name. It don't mean putting your name on the church book means death to your first being. We must die to our [Music] first. We must die to ourselves. Die to the world. [Music] Young people, papa, we need a token. Everybody need a token. The rich needs the token. The poor needs the token. We all need the token. Oh, what we need today? Baptism of the Holy Spirit, the full real power of God identifies the work of Jesus Christ. Promise for this day, not so much as that day. This day, the promise that he made us here was seven thunders produce a people. Seven will produce a people. A people full of dynamics. Without the dynamics, church sits still the dynamics of the Holy Ghost. This is the hour seven manifest people. He said wait his voices to that group that group of people filled by the Holy Ghost and they will open up heaven shut heaven speak God orained that we on the earth manifest his power sons and daughters of [Music] See Jesus yesterday forever the pride the pride houses. spoke in William, like he spoke in like he spoke in the apostles for this day and he can speak from it. We will declare it on the earth on this earth. We are not here to work. We are not here to [Music] sick to just struggle and die. [Music] We are here once here on earth. Then when we leave into the history books for people who defy denominations they were defy politics in [Music] the people for the word people don't change them from the word. There were these people filled with dynamics. Full with dynamics challenge that men can challenge within you. The Holy Ghost itself when you receive the Holy Ghost argument about your life. receive the Holy Ghost about your father. You know that you know that you know God going back to God. You need the Holy Ghost. You need the Holy Ghost preach in my life. If I have never preached in my life, I want to start preaching. Have you receive the Holy [Music] Ghost? Another message. Call to action. Call to action. Oh, church. You must be born again. Oh, you must be born again. It means that the blood has been applied by the life of Jesus. And if he being the vine, then we are the branches. And the life that was in the vine is in the branch is also from the vine. The life that was in the branch is also from the vine. It will bear the fruit that first branch come forth branch out of that vine that wrote a book of acts behind it. The church ever put forth a [Music] branch, another branch, another book of acts behind it. The same life, it is the same life. Oh, we don't want to be grafted branches. We don't want the life of the message. We want to be the original bride from the original [Applause] vine. I don't want to be grafted this morning. I don't want to be grafted this morning. Be another branch where all the promises of God are real. failing word of God is sure back to the Holy Ghost. I tell you today so many grafted vines into its grease and things and yet any citrus fruit grafted in can live in that vine and it is bearing the wrong fruit. That's why we have so many struggling with sin today. The message is pure. The message William Abraham brought allotted for this age is God produce a people promises of the word for today. So we cannot live any other life of the master. any other life contrary to this word branch and we are calling you today new life. I'm calling you today produce the original fruit original [Music] branch of the same vine. What we need today, what we need today, baptism of the Holy Ghost, the real power of God identify the works of Jesus Christ. The promise that he made here. Hallelujah. That was what he promised there. Pour out his spirit. Now he has promised it again. in the last days what he would do. Strange that we can always look back. We are looking back to what Rahab got from them. We are looking back to what happened on the day of Pentecost. Are we getting today? How we can always look back? He said, "But you never look ahead." That is the way with man. That is the way with man. He's always saying, glorifying God for what he did, praising him for what he's going to do, he's doing now. Still the same thing. It is still the same thing. breaking away from me today. What he promised yesterday, it is still alive [Music] today. And my question is just as Paul asked them in the book of have you received the Holy Ghost since [Music] [Applause] you let us pause [Applause] and think on that statement. Have you received received the Holy Ghost? Since you believe without the Holy Ghost, you can't come in the presence of God. Without the Holy Spirit, all the work your pastor is doing will be in vain. Without the Holy Spirit, all the minister's labor will be in vain. Amen. But when you receive this Holy Spirit, it gives you unlimited access. We need to open that unlimited access [Applause] today that the word will become relevant to us because without the dynamics, no good. The mechanics without the dynamics is no good. We did dynamics and mechanics together to make the thing work. I am inviting you this morning to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. must announce the token. What is the token? The token is a sign that the depth [Applause] has own the debt. I own a debt. I couldn't pay but he paid the debt he never owed. This is why when we get to heaven, the song we will sing that the angels cannot join in. Oh that holy angels cannot sing. Amazing grace. Now seen the sound. The token is a sign that the devil required has been paid. Price of our salvation and death. No one price the spirit of the denomination. Not the spirit of a pope or the spirit of some man or some saint. The spirit of Jesus Christ upon the church is a talking has been paid and that he met every requirement that God required and we and him are one. Reban said apply the token, apply his resurrection. That is because he was raised up for our justification. He raised us also with him. Now we set in heavenly places in Christ of the even come under the fellowship another musicians that is a cutting message. That is a cutting message but it is the truth. That is what we need is the truth. God help us to know the truth. You shall know the truth. The truth shall make you free. I claim that Jesus Christ same yesterday today. I believe that God give the Holy Ghost talking right now just before the Exodus of the church going out of the bride going out of the church. The token is the word identified in [Music] you living itself out. The token is the word identified in you living itself out. God being his own interpreter. Need God to interpret our lives. interprets your life by the [Music] word takes your word. Identify his word through there interpretation already there. God does his own interpretation interprets. As we close out Ezekiel 9, you and I know the story. These slaughtering angels were asked to go into the [Music] city. But before they could do, the Lord sent an angel to go before them. He set a mark upon the people. But not everybody, only on a special group of people. and group special and cried and made the abomination down in the city, all the other slaughtering angels. So today we represent that angel that went into the city set a mark on the foreheads of those that are in Christ. But the other false anointed were sent into there. And he told them, "Go ye after him through the city and smite and let your eyes spare not. Neither have pity." So the vengeance of our Lord, the time is right. It's over. God has no longer pity. Amen. The venance of our Lord is not something to take lightly. The tribulation period after we've known all that we have known. After we know all that we know, after tribulation is not an option, we need the Holy Ghost to do go into the city. Let not your eyes spare, neither have ye pity. Slay utterly. Kill without pity. Old and young. So these slaughtering angels, they don't care if you cannot walk. They don't care if you are bedridden with sickness and you can't Without the Holy Spirit, he had to destroy utterly old and young, [Applause] both maid and little children and women. But come not near any man. Come not near any man upon whom the mark and begin at sanctuary. Then they began at the ancient men which were before the house. So Ezekiel 9 is among us. There is a sealing angel in the land today. going through the church, all those that sigh and crying that have got the charge of the hourons, ready to be sealed into the kingdom of God. We must make ourselves ready to be sealed [Music] today. The hour is late. We see the false anointed in the land. doing more harm than ever before. Doing more harm than ever before by twisting the word. The real body of Christ is being honor. But that minority is the Holy Ghost and fire to make it into the [Music] headstone. There's no time to play church anymore. No time to allow anything to stand between you and the Holy Ghost. I'll play something softly. Oh God, let us open our hearts and receive the message. Jesus is alive tonight is right here among us. Same yesterday, today and for open up your house and let the messenger, the Holy Ghost come in and identify by his own. talking is upon you then you don't have to take anybody else's word for it to speak for himself. He is the word. It is God talking to identify his own [Music] self. She used her house for the messengers. to use a house for the message. All the city that would believe under the same token the way the church should be doing today. Everything that will believe under the token is the Holy Ghost. Remember, get under the Holy Ghost. The prophet is praying the Lord Jesus precious one. When the world was in sin, no one could help. God in mercy was showing by a type. He was coming and talking that could take away sin. not just cover it but could take it away. Jesus came in the right time and shed the blood by his own life making an atonement for our sin and representing him back there in the form of the Holy Ghost. Now a token that is to be kept that is to keep the church until he come. The Apostle Peter said, "The promise is unto you and children and to them that are far off as many people shall call. Lord, by your grace, your help, I claim everyone's message. I claim them for God. I pray thee, Lord. Please here this morning and that will hear on tape if they were predestinated. Lord the word of this last day come now humbly and lay down at the cross. They are served as a trophy of the grace of God. is called they be filled with the Holy Spirit play the token of the life of Christ resurrection as they remain here on earth granted Lord and so this afternoon the token is a must [Music] have I want you to search your us right now is between you and God. Is not your mama children. It's not your papa. It is you as an [Music] individual. God is going to save us as a group. He's going to give us as individual and the requirement is the token. When he comes for the inspection, will he find you worthy of the token? Knocks on your door today. [Music] Are you ready to walk in there with faith knowing that if this earthly tabernacle is dissolved, I have one already waiting for me? I only have that assurance by the token. Without the token, you can't walk into confidence. A token is a musth [Music] have is a promise unto you. Nothing you have to do for it. Just accept the price that has been paid for you. The angel is here today even right now. You can receive the token. It is your promise. It is your promise. He declared it for you. He made it so that the devil will know. He made that promise. So the devil will know. You are under a covenant. And that covenant is Christ. Is between Christ and you and the devil is not in between. Break every chain today. Break every chain in your life today. The token of the Holy Ghost coming in the name of the Lord. Pray that prayer. Everyone that is predestinated that promise over you today, every predestination to the hour of charge is a war between the devil and the kingdom of God. the token to be in the kingdom of God like Nicodemus. What shall I do in my life? You need a token today, church. Don't be ashamed of him today. Come sincerely your heart today. Cry out for the talking today. Tell him, "Lord, I need the Holy Ghost. I need the Holy Ghost. There's no formula of receiving the Holy Ghost. If you come to him with a broken and a contrite spirit is sure to fill you today. He's here to break every chain. He's here to break everything that binds you, set you free, connect [Music] He's here to connect his promise. [Music] Open up your house today is a more sure word of prophecy. He said in the last pour out my spirit is here. The Holy Ghost is here. Break every chain. Break every chain. There is power this day in the name of the Lord Jesus. Break every chain. The enemy in your life. Break every chain. Enemy your chain. The enemy in [Music] your stopping you from receiving the Holy Ghost in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. The power of the Holy [Music] Ghost because of the Holy Ghost coming back into your life. the Holy Ghost upon you the Holy Ghost. Don't leave this meeting [Music] reality experience with God be another meeting reality in your life. message guide your [Music] desperation when I see the blood will pass over you only the token that he will recognize is only the token that will bring you into presence will make a way for [Music] made a way in the upper room. He will make a way for you is obligated you on the basis of the promises. Receive Because today we are candidates for the nothing will stop you from receiving the may the Lord pour his blessings upon [Music] you from this morning. You don't get it today. You get it tonight. Hallelujah. Morning. May you receive [Music] your word for your people for your blessings. Lord, may you may you cleanse them [Music] every connect them to the Holy [Music] Ghost of God upon their lives. [Music] May you set them [Music] free Lord Jesus Christ. May the Lord bless you. [Music] Oh, thank you Jesus. Let's all stand. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, let's lift your hand. Let's give him praise this morning. Let's give him glory. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, fill me now. Fill me now. Oh Jesus come and fill me now. Oh fill me with all thy heart. Lord presence come. Oh come and f be now. Feel me now. Oh, be now. Oh, be now. Oh Jesus come and fill me now. Oh and f be with all thy heart. Lord presence come. Oh, come and fill me. Oh, lift your hand and sing all over. Oh, fail me now. Oh, fail me now. Oh Jesus, come. Oh, and fill me now. Oh, don't you fill me with thy hallowed presence. Come. Oh, come. Hallelujah. Oh, and fill me. Fill me now. Oh Lord, fill. Lift your hands over. Oh, just begin to worship him right now. Just begin to praise him right now. Oh, you call upon him. Hallelujah. Oh, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Oh, fill me with your presence. Fill me with your power. Fill me with your spirit. Fill me with the Holy Ghost. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Oh, hallelujah. Somebody praise him. Somebody worship him. Oh, call upon his name. Oh, hallelujah. While he is near. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Fill me now. Fill me now. Oh, fill me now. One more time. Oh, fill. Oh, somebody ask him today. Ask him for his presence. Ask him for his power. Ask him for his spirit. Ask him for his anointing. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. does come. Oh glory and fill me now. Oh, fill me with thy hallow presence. Thy hallow presence. Oh come. Hallelujah. Oh come and fill. Give the Lord a shout of praise today. Hallelujah. Glory. Lift your hands. Give him a shout of worship. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, I've heard the word. Oh, I in your spirit today. Oh, hallelujah. The hour of charge is here. Oh, may the Holy Ghost charge you today with the baptism of the Holy Ghost give you a spiritual charge in your soul, in your spirit, in your body. May you feel God. May he fill you with fire. May the anointing of God may the angel of God take the coal from the altar and seal you in your heart with the fire of the living God seal you in your soul. This is the hour. We need God's power today. We can't live another minute. We can't live another day without the power of the living God. Without the baptism of the Holy Ghost, without the seal of the angel of God. Somebody lift your voices. Somebody lift your hands. Somebody lift your hearts. Oh, worship him right now. His presence is here. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, we need you, God. We need you, Lord. I need to be filled. Uh, I need to be sealed. I need to be anointed. Uh, I need your quickening power. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Judgment is coming. Uh, don't let me leave uh without the Holy Ghost. Uh, my family needs it. Uh, my mother needs it. My father needs it. My son needs it. My daughter needs it. Oh, I need it this morning. The ushers need it. The elders need it. The deacons need it. We all need it this morning. We all need the token this morning. We all need a reality this morning. Somebody lift your voice. Cry out to him. Say, "Lord God, I need your father." Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. I've held this seed on long of believing. I've got to receive it. Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believe? Oh, what a message today. Cry out to him. Ask him for his promise. Oh, he is able to fulfill it. Fill me now, Lord. Fill me, oh God. Fill me with your presence, your power, your sweetness. Fill me with your love. Fill me with your forgiveness. Fill me with your mercy. I want to live like Jesus. I want to walk like Jesus. I want to talk like Jesus. Oh God. Uh I'm fed up of coming. Fed up of going the same. Uh I need a reality. I need a fire. I need a burning. I need a sensor called from the altar to burn into my soul. Does somebody need it today? Oh, won't you lift your hands? Does somebody need it today? Cry out to him. Cry out to him. Oh, hallelujah. Yes. Yes. Oh, the church needs it today. Oh, reality. Oh, groaning under persecution from the outside world, but with bad pains. Bird pains to bring forth Christ. Oh, let us groan and travail to receive the Holy Ghost. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Fill. Oh glory be with all thy heart. Hall glory. Oh come. Oh come and fill me now. Oh come. Oh come. Oh come and [Music] f one more time. Oh come. Oh come and f me now. [Music] Even so, come Lord Jesus, come. Oh, even so, won't you take your bride? Hallelujah. You are my soul, oh, even now, Jesus. You are the resurrection and the life. Even now. Even now, Lord. Oh, even so, Lord, even so. Hallelujah. Oh, yes, yes, yes. Oh, even so. This is the hour. Come, Lord Jesus. Oh, lift your hands all over. Even so, and even so. Oh, come Lord Jesus. Come. Oh, come Lord Jesus. Even so, even so. Take your bride away. Oh, take your bride away, Lord. Oh, how my soul longs to be with my. Oh, lift your hands, oh soul this morning. Hear us. Oh, send forth your spirit, Lord. your soul. Oh God. Oh, give the Lord worship one more time. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, glory. Give him a shout. Give him a praise. Oh, his presence is here to catch you away this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, how my soul wants to be with you, my God. Even so, even so, even so, even so. Oh, come Lord Jesus. Come. One more time with all your heart. It sounds so good. Even so. Come Lord Jesus. Come Lord Jesus. Come. Oh yes Lord. Even so. Won't you take your pride away? How my soul? How my soul longs to be with you. I hear console. He consume he come Lord Jesus. Come Lord Jesus come. Oh, give him praise this morning. Oh, do you appreciate the tape today? What a message from the Lord. What a message from all. Oh, dear Reverend Solomon Dina, the hour of charge. You know, the great hour of charge is here. Amen. Amen. It's getting ready to switch over real soon. Praise God. And the Holy Ghost has got to be there. The token. Praise God. The life of Christ on display. It comes by the Holy Ghost. Do you believe it today? Do you have a desire to receive it today? As the brothers get ready to bring a ti offering, we want to ask for that now as we get ready to pick up the offerings this morning. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Thine the glory. Hallelujah. Amen. Revive us again is our prayer as we bow our heads now. Amen. Almighty God, we just pause now Lord after the service this morning to pick up the ti offering Lord. We thank you for your word speaking to us Lord our hearts Lord pricking us in our hearts as it were Lord to receive of your spirit Lord Father bless your people Lord and as we pause for this portion of the service to pick up the tithes you offer. We pray that you would bless each tithe and offering this morning that would be given to the to you, dear God. We lay it at your feet, Lord. We are with grateful hearts. We give to you to this morning today. And we pray that you bless your people. May you bless them as they give. Provide for them, Lord Jesus. Bless the ministry, Lord, as they continue to labor in love for the people, oh God. Grant it, Lord. We pray and ask these things in your precious name, Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Oh, reive us. Oh, again. Oh, hallelujah. Find the glory. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Oh th the glory revive us again. Oh [Music] hallelujah the glory. Hallelu amen. Oh [Music] hallelu the glory refive us again. Oh hallelu send the fire. Hallelu [Music] amen. Hallelu. Oh, send a fire revive us again. Oh, revive us. Revive us. Oh, revive us again. Oh, revive us. Revive us. Revive us again. Oh, hallelujah. Find the glory. Hallelu. Oh, help me sing. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, the glory by us. Oh, hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh that the glory. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Lift your hands and give him a shout of praise right now. Hallelujah. Oh send your power Lord. Halleluah. Oh. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, we need a old time power. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, fill us one more time with your promised Holy Spirit. Oh, glory to God. Fill your church. Oh, once more, Lord. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Once more. Oh, he can do it again. Oh, he's done it before. The faith that was once delivered. Oh, that's what we want today. One more time. Oh, hallelujah. Have the glory. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, the glory. Revive us. Oh, revive us again. Oh, revive. Oh, revive us. Oh, revive us. Oh, I can. Oh, revive us. Revive us. Reive us again. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise today. Oh, hallelujah. You appreciate the presence of the Lord. Is there nothing like the presence of the Lord? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. And his presence is life. Oh, and the word goes forth. It is joy to our hearts. And the joy of the Lord is our strength this morning. And we thank God for giving us strength in his name to plead his promises. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. We thank God for the word this morning. We thank God for the inspiration, the tape. Prophet said when that little group go to calling on God, be a national showdown. Praise God. Isn't that right? Be the devil versus the bride. But God will empower her with what she needs to face the battle. Amen. That brother Solomon Aino is talking about this morning. Oh, we thank God for his grace. Amen. And so um just a quick note of praise here before we get ready to close out this morning service um from sister Reyes. You just like to thank the Lord for reaching another birthday by his grace and his mercy is more sufficient to keep me. Amen. Um from sister Reyes. Amen. So God richly bless you. We certainly happy and we celebrate with you today. Amen. Uh your birthday and and so on and uh God is good. Amen. Well, let's just bow our heads as we want to close out in a word of prayer and ask God's blessings upon us. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you for your grace and your mercy, Lord Jesus. We thank you for your love, Lord, and for your word that has been spoken to our hearts today, Lord Jesus. We thank you for precious brother Solomon, Lord, and this message, this uh the hour of charge, oh God. And Lord, we know Lord that there's coming a fearful time upon the earth. Lord, Lord, great judgments are coming. Things are unfolding quickly. But Lord, you promise that you would be there, Lord. Father, you promise that that power would be there and that bride to face the challenge of the hour. Father, you equip your people in every age to face the challenge of that age. Lord, and today you are equipping a people, Lord, Father, people in the land who will uh uh who will uh hear from God, Lord, there'll be a voice of God in that last day. Granted, almighty God, Lord, we pray we bless our brother especially today, Lord. Brother Solomon Aina, Father, we thank you for him. We thank you for his ministry. We thank you for his family, Lord. We thank you for his church in the country there in Ghana where they come from. Lord, they come from all over worshiping the Lord. And we so thankful for the predestinated sea that are there. Lord, may you bless him, Lord, and bless all that are under his charge. Lord, as a leader of that group down there, Father, we pray you empower them with your Holy Spirit. Anoint them with your presence, Lord. Father, give them what it takes to face the challenge of the hour in Ghana. Lord, Father, may you just bless them 100fold, Lord, for the portion of word that we heard today, Lord, Father. We thank you for him, Lord. And we pray you continue to bless him, Father. Lord, may you bless your people today. Bless, Lord. We thank you for how you've blessed this service today, Lord. And we just so grateful to you, Father, that in an evil hour like this, Lord, in an untoward generation, we could hear the voice of God piercing through the darkness, Lord, reaching our souls, Father, and pulling us up out of darkness, Lord. Pulling us up into the joy of the Lord, into the promises of God. There's a promise of life for us, a promise of peace, a promise of the Holy Ghost, a promise of healing, a promise of transformation. And Lord, we are thankful today, God. Father, how can we help but praise you, Lord? How can we help but worship you, Father? How can we help but lift our hands in the sanctuary and with joyful lips express our gratitude, Lord, for you reaching down, Lord, Father, and pulling us up, Lord Father. We thank you, Lord. We thank you for the men of God that you have chosen around the world for whom you have Lord you have placed yourself in Lord and used as vessels of honor to bring the word of God to each of us. Lord we are grateful father for them. We pray you'll bless your your ministry around the world. Different ones who come, different ones we hear from time to time. Lord we are so grateful for their stand and we pray that you bless them and may they continue to stand. Lord, even our pastor today, Father, we thank you for him, Lord. Pastor Theo, and Lord, we know he's abroad preaching. Continue to anoint and inspire him, dear God. Lord, the assistant pastor here, Reverend Isaac, also may continue to bless and anoint him, and inspire him, oh God. And all the ministry here and the church here, Father, and all the supports and governments, Lord, we put our shoulder to the wheel towards a revival in this hour, for you promised it, Lord, and we're here to receive it, dear God. and bless your people now as we leave, Lord. And as they come back for the evening service and so on, we pray that your spirit would continue to uh brood over us, Lord, and anoint your people and inspire us as we labor in the vineyard together. Granted, almighty God, we pray and ask these blessings in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Can we give the Lord all praise? Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Praise God. You can play something softly. Get ready to close out. You may have your seats. Just a few announcements here as we get ready to dismiss you out. Service continues on on Sunday. Uh well, today at 3 p.m. this afternoon by God's grace, we want to have the communion service. Uh so, as was previously stated by our precious brother Isaac, uh there will be no physical service here on Wednesday. So, just to reiterate that again, only uh online message will be streamed at 8:00 p.m. at our usual time, but there'll be no one physically here at the tabernacle. Amen. So, just want to post you to that. And by the God's grace, we want to be in the spirit of God tuning in on Wednesday night to hear what God will speak to our hearts. Amen. Friday also be Zoom service, prayer meeting uh that we usually have. We'll have our Zoom prayer meeting at 8:00 p.m. on Friday night. So, look forward as well for for us to meet you there virtually. Uh we'll see what God will speak to us and how he will anoint us and inspire us as we continue in prayer and supplication to the Lord and in the spirit. Amen. Pray in all ways as is instructed to us in Ephesians. maintenance group team group one please uh meet with brother Popwell after the second service right so uh they they pause for lunch today then we have the second service so after the second service uh maintenance team group one will be called into action with our brother overseeing so amen next week uh group three is carded to serve which is brother Andy Henry's group okay so just posting you towards And last but certainly not least, we want you to continue to give your support for the upcoming July conventions with your prayer uh and with your pledges. Amen. It's two Ps. Uh we need the natural, but we also need the spiritual as well. And you know, it needs to both hands in order to shake hands in order for it to work. Amen. So, in as much as we uh want to stay in the spirit of God and pray and get ourselves in a certain channel and mind frame and spirit to put our shoulder to the wheel and receive from God and bring our praises into the house of the Lord, we also want to put our our our substances together as well as much as possible, our contributions, our resources uh and efforts in terms of time. And we know that we do such a great job every year and this joy this year is no different. Um and we certainly appreciate in advance your contribution and we thank you so much for for that. Every little thing plays a small part uh in in in in in the when the work of of God you know from seeing this the saints get dropped and picked up with maxis and the meals being prepared and you know they being able to have a rest in between and going to the hotel everything plays a part and so we need everything for it to work all the the material things and all of the spiritual things as well. So we certainly appreciate you in advance and we thank God for your prayers and your pledges. Uh so as we continue closer to the date, feel free to make those things available. Amen. So thank you so much for your continued support and just remember the dates are July 18th to the 20th. So if you need to request time off, uh could do so in advance and uh we want to see you there by the grace of God. Amen. For us to have a great time in the Lord together. So as you leave as users come, brother be so kind to dismiss us out. Thank you so much. Amen. And God richly bless you. We'll see you again. Amen. Let the church say amen. Let the church say [Music] amen. God has spoken. [Music] Let the church say amen. Oh, let the church Oh, let the church say [Music] amen. Let the church say amen. Oh, God has spoken. Let the church see amen. Oh, let the church. Oh, let the church say amen. Let the church say. God has spoken. Let the Jews see [Music] amen. Oh, let the church say amen. Let the church say amen. God has let the church [Music] sing. Oh God bless the church. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Come on. [Music]
