################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-14 - Hope For The Broken (Bible Study) - Bro. Isaac Ovid - Isaac Ovid - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-14
Title:   Hope For The Broken (Bible Study) - Bro. Isaac Ovid
Speaker: Isaac Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dHXE1F6cOM
========================================

Praise God. God bless you all tonight in a special way. Amen. We are grateful to be in his presence [music] tonight. Amen. We thank God for his grace. Amen. Let's just bow our heads as we want to start in the word of prayer tonight and ask God's blessing upon us and our Bible study tonight by the grace of God. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we thank you Lord to be in your presence Lord to be gathered together virtually. Father, Lord, wherever your your word is, oh God. Father, there is where you are Lord. Your spirit is there drawing us near, teaching us, Father, helping us, Lord, by and by. Lord, we thank you for your presence tonight. Lord, we pray you bless each one tonight as they come in, Lord, to this virtual room. Lord, as they plug into this word session tonight, we pray that your presence will come down in a special way. Bless us and help us, [clears throat] Lord, Father. Lord, we look to you, Lord. Our eyes are upon you, Lord, Father, that you would help us, Lord, in our time of need that you would give us a word in due season, Lord, to instruct us and to show us, Lord, uh, instruct us in righteousness, Lord, and show us the path. Granted, Almighty God, we lean on you now, Lord. We pray that your presence come as we sing and anoint us and inspire us. Pray that your word would come in a mighty way, Lord, that would teach us and help us. Father, may you just have your way in this session tonight. We pray and ask it in your precious name, Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Why don't you just give him [music] praise tonight? Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you, [music] Father. Thank you, Lord. Glory to God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. [music] The love of God is greater [music] than tongue or men than ever tell. It goes beyond [music] the highest star and reaches [music] to the lowest hand. [music] A guilty [singing] prayer. Bow down with care. [music] Lord save his son [music] to his angel. [music] You recently [music] [music] [music] [singing] [music] [music] There [music] is [music] of time shall pass away and earthly [music] thrones and kingdoms fall. [music] refuse to break [music] and mountain [music] shel [music] [singing] [music] [music] [singing] [music] angels. Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. Heat. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; The ocean [music] [music] everywhere [music] [music] and every the [music] sky by dream. [singing] Oh my god. [music] Sh [music] [singing] [music] [music] from sky to sky. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [singing] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] One more time. [music] [music and singing] [music] It sh [singing] [music] praise [music] the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Glory to God. Hallelujah. [music] Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, the love of God. The love of God. [music and singing] Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Oh, thank you, Father. Glory [singing] to God. Oh, praise [music] him. Oh, we will praise him. Oh, we [music] praise him in the morning. Praise him in the name. Oh, [music] we praise him. Oh, we [singing] praise him. [music] Oh, we praise him when the sun goes down. Oh, and we love him. Oh, yes, we love him. Oh, we [music and singing] love him in the morning. Love him. Oh, we love him. Oh, we love him. Oh, we [music] love him when the sun goes down. We praise him. Oh yes, we praise him. [singing] Oh, and we'll praise him in praise him in no [music and singing] time. Oh, we praise him. Oh, we praise him. Oh, we praise [singing] him when the sun [music] goes down. Oh, do Lord. Oh, do Lord. [music and singing] Oh, do you remember me? Oh, well do Lord. Oh, [music] do Lord. Do remember me. Oh, well do Lord. Oh, do Lord. Oh, do remember me. Oh, [music] beyond the blue. Oh well, now I've got a [singing] home in glory land that outshines the sun. Oh well, I've got a home in glory land that outshines the sun. Oh well, I've got a loom in glory land that [music] outshines the sun. Look away beyond the blue. Oh, singing Lord. Oh, Lord, oh you remember me. Oh well. Oh Lord remember me. Oh well [music] you remember me all day. [music] Oh now praise [singing] him. Oh we praise him. Oh we praise him [music] in the morning and praise him in the new time. Praise him. [music] Oh, praise him. Oh, praise [music] him [singing] when the sun goes down. [music] Oh, give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Glory to God. [music] Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, praise him tonight. [singing] Oh. Oh, I'll [music] praise him when the sun goes [singing] down. [music] I [singing] have decided [music] to follow Jesus. No turning [music] [singing] back. No turning back. I have [music] desire to follow Jesus. [singing] [music] [singing] Heat. Heat. Heat. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; to follow Jesus. [singing] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [singing] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [singing] Oh [music] my god. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [music] to follow Jes. [music] [music] Oh, give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. [music] Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Oh, no turning back. [music] No turning back. [singing] Oh hallelujah. Oh thank you [music] Jesus. Thank you father. Oh give him praise tonight. Thank you father. Oh hallelujah. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Heat. Heat. [music] Oh [music] my [music] [music] god. [singing and music] [music and singing] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you so much, brother Anthony. [music] God bless you, church. It's such a great privilege and an honor to be here tonight one more time in the presence of the Lord. Uh can we just bow our heads for a word of prayer? Our gracious heavenly father, we thank you tonight, Lord, on this 14th day of November, Lord, for this opportunity that you are provided by your grace. Lord, to be able to gather as a body of believers. Lord, we thank you for your love, for your mercy. Lord, we thank you for identifying yourself to us, Lord, so that there's something in us that is responding to the call, Lord. There are so many in the room tonight, Lord. different situations, different needs, different requests, different conditions, different struggles, different challenges. But we are here tonight, Lord, to hear a word from you. To hear a word in due season that would encourage us, would inspire us, would give us insight into the word that we may not have seen before, or maybe we saw it, but not quite in this light. May your light shine upon the word tonight. May you open our understanding to the scriptures. May you strengthen us as a body of believers, Lord. May you reach out during Lord even this prayer and the study that would follow Lord to touch those that are in the audience tonight this virtual audience Lord even those who may listen to the recording I know something is special is about to take place Lord may you touch those that are weary touch those that are sick touch those that are struggling those that had a very tough week those that had a tough day those that are facing different challenges different trials different obstacles whatever situation it might Lord, we want to commit, Lord, the church into your hands. The believers into your hands. Any visitors that are here into your hands. Anyone that would come into contact with this into your hands. Father, we pray a special blessing on our pastor Lord and ministering there Nigeria. We pray that you would Lord anoint him Aresh, inspire him, aresh. May you bless the ministry Lord of this church, Lord. May you bless the believers around the world, Lord, that are looking for your soon coming. May you touch the afflicted, touch the downtrodden. May you lift up your people tonight, Lord. May you heal the brokenhearted tonight. May you restore faith, restore confidence, restore zeal, restore passion to please you, to serve you, to understand you, Lord. We commit the teaching into your hands. May you take me out of the way, Lord. Bring my thoughts, my words under subjection to your Holy Spirit. And may only what you once said be said tonight, Lord. May you bless the reading of the word. Bless the hearing of the word tonight. We commit the service into your hands in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen and amen. It's certainly a great privilege to be here one more time tonight. Uh so happy that you're all here. There's still time for you to invite someone to the session tonight. And uh if you are um in a position to put on your cameras to join um to give some fire in the service as it were, we appreciate it. It encourages us. It gives us some uh immediate feedback. So we we understand what's happening and we are delighted to have the opportunity to be invited into your homes uh at this time to be able to bring a word from the Lord. Um the Bible is the word of God. We stand by the word of God and and we are in a very unique position because not only do we have the written word but we have spiritual insight as the Bible as a new book to have the revealed word and to have a messenger that could speak life to us through the word. So tonight I am excited uh because we are going into a piece of study here that I know many have not had time perhaps to look at or may have not had the opportunity to look at but when I stumbled upon it it was an encouragement to me and I believe it's an it will be an encouragement to all tonight as well. I want to encourage you don't take this lightly. Don't take it for granted. Don't take it casually. I want to encourage you to join us for a journey tonight in the word so that it would strengthen your faith. It is designed to encourage you, to give you hope, to remind you that God has not forgotten you, to remind you that God is in control. And to remind you that no matter what struggle, what trial, what situation you are going through, God has already made provision for it. And what blows me away as you look deep into scripture is how things are connected. Sometimes we underestimate the connections. We underestimate the prayer from 10 years ago or 15 years ago or or the person who said a prayer for you or said a word about you and and and we're going to see some of that tonight by the grace of God. Certainly happy to be here one more time and for a Bible study tonight. Our theme or our topic is is is going to be hope for the broken. A Bible study on hope for the broken. and you will understand it as it unfolds um what we are beginning to address here and um we are looking forward by the grace of God to have a wonderful time in the presence of the Lord tonight. So, hope for the broken and we're going to start as a foundation. We're going to start as a foundation um with David and Jonathan just to lay a bit of a background for us tonight to get somewhere and maybe to get to a name tonight that many may not have heard, but there's a mystery in there. There's some encouragement in there tonight. So, I want if you have your Bibles, you start. We're going to start in 1 Samuel in chapter 18 tonight. Um, again, get excited. Tell somebody we're in Bible study. We're in church tonight. And, uh, we're looking for God to do something special for us. So, for way of a background, we're going to start in 1st Samuel chapter 18 just to lay a foundation. And then we're going to keep building. We're going to move through quite a number of different areas. We have quite a bit of a structure here tonight by the grace of God to help us see a few things. So 1st Samuel 18 and from verse one. And it came to pass when he had made an end of speaking unto Saul that the soul of Jonathan which is Saul's son was knit connected with the soul of David. And Jonathan loved him as his own soul. And Saul took him that day and would not let him go no more to his father's house. Then Jonathan and David made a covenant. And I want us to look at that word covenant. Made a covenant because he loved him as his own soul. And Jonathan stripped himself of the robe that was upon him. This is very symbolic. and gave it to David and his garments, even to his sword. So he is taken away because your robe and your garment and your sword is everything that identifies who you are as a soldier. Your identity, your clothes. Bear in mind, Jonathan is the son of the king. This is the son of King Saul as it were. He is a king and he is basically stripping away what would be his princely garment, his princely apparel, his princely mechanisms as it were even to his sword and to his bow and to his girdle. And David went out with usoever Saul sent him and behaved himself wisely. And Saul set him over the men of war. and he was accepted in the sight of all the people and also in the sight of Saul's servants. So I want us to understand as a foundation here, this is David's ministry beginning to rise. This is David's ministry beginning to be recognized. This is David's ministry beginning to be acknowledged. And at this point in time, Saul doesn't yet see him as a threat. There is no issue. We would know that the message or the story of David is one of the most complex in scripture. There's David running. There's David hiding. There's David making mistakes. There's David with Goliath. There's David with Bath Sheba. There's a lot to be studied here with David. But at this particular point in his journey, his ministry is on the rise. He is being recognized, but not to the point yet that Saul considers him a threat until verse six. And it says, "And it came to pass as they came when David was returned from the slaughter of the Philistine that the woman, and I always say this is where this trouble started, came out of all cities of Israel, singing and dancing to meet King Saul with tabrets with joy and with instruments of music. And the women answered one another as they played and said, Saul had slain thousands and David his 10 thousands." Now the first line of the song was not the problem. When they started the song, Saul felt good. Saul had slain his thousand. You could imagine the small smile on King Saul's face. But it's when the second line of the verse was sung and David his 10,000, you could see when the smile slowly is is moving away from a smile into where is this going, right? And verse 8, and Saul was very wroth, and the saying displeased him, and he said, they have ascribed unto David 10 thousands, and to me they have ascribed but thousands. Now, on a certain level, we could raise the point they're dealing here in the thousands, but is the the difference in the thousands what the issue is, right? To show you what carnal comparison could look like. Now, our study tonight is not about Saul and David really, but it's to just lay a foundation because in the midst of this, we started this by talking about how Jonathan was knit to David, which meant he saw something even before this that Saul did not see. Are we together? He saw something about David that allowed him to symbolically, I want us to appreciate it, transfer his princely garment, his princely sword, his princely bow, his princely girdle. In other words, it was as if he was dressing David as if David was already prince. Are you with are you with me? He was already giving up almost symbolically by revelation that I'm giving to the rightful prince what should be his. Are we together? All right. So with that as our foundation, I also want us to remember the point in verse three. Then Jonathan and David made a covenant. All right. So this is the foundation. So we're going to move now from 1st Samuel 18 to 1st Samuel 20 just two chapters down. This is still in the foundation. And we are going to take it from verse one. Now, this jumps forward into the story. So, if we were watching this as a timeline, for lack of a better word, a movie, we have now fast forwarded to David now under the pressure of Saul, King Saul already after him. Are we together? All right. So, Saul is out to get him. He's under the pressure. And the Bible said, "And David fled from Naoth in Rama and came and said before Jonathan, what have I done? What is my iniquity? What is my sin before thy father that he seeketh my life? And he said unto him, God forbid that thou shalt not die. Behold, this is Jonathan speaking, "My father will do nothing either great or small, but that he would show it to me. And why should my father hide this thing from me? It is not so." So here it is. Jonathan, his friend, they already have a covenant established. We estab we read that two chapters ago. is saying it is not so my father don't want to kill you I know you're feeling a certain kind of way I know you think something going on and it's all in your head but David is spiritual he's understanding there's something that's shifting in the tectonic place as it were and David swear moreover verse three and said thy father certainly know it that I have found grace in thine eyes and he said let not Jonathan know this in other words he's saying your father wouldn't tell you if you coming to get me anybody with me so we building into something now lest he be grieved. But truly as the Lord liveth and as thy soul liveth, there is but a step between me and death. So David is saying the way looking from where I am, I am one foot from the grave because the king wants to get me. Right? Then said Jonathan unto David, whatsoever thy soul desireth, I will even do it for thee. So in other words, let me know how I could help you at this point. And David said unto Jonathan, "Behold, tomorrow is the new moon, and I should not fail to sit with the king at me." In other words, it is expected that I am at the king's meal. It is expected, and I'm present, but let me go that I may hide myself in the field unto the third day at even at the evening. If thy father at all miss me, then say, David earnestly asks, leave of me that he might go to Bethlehem as seately, for there's a yearly sacrifice there for all the family. If he say thus it is well, in other words, if King Saul say no, no problem. David has something to do. No problem. I don't have a problem with it. If he say thus it is well, thy servant shall have peace. I'll be fine. In other words, let me know how your father responds to me not being present at the dinner. But if he be very wroth, then be sure that evil is determined by him. Therefore, thou shalt deal kindly with thy servant. In other words, if you help me in this matter, I know you already have my back. For thou has brought thy servant into I want us to look at the word here again, a covenant of the Lord with thee. So David is acknowledging the conversation we are having is based on the covenant that was already established in chapter 18. Are we together? Yeah. So he's referencing as a foundation for this co this conversation. Thou has brought thy servant into a covenant of the Lord with thee. So already he is saying there's three parties to this covenant. The Lord is in the covenant. You Jonathan is in the covenant and I am also in the covenant. All right? Not withstanding if there be in me iniquity. So David is saying to Jonathan, Jonathan, I want you to hear me out. If something is wrong with me, David, slay me thyself. In other words, I prefer if something is wrong with me, you kill me than your father kill me. For why should this thou bring me to thy father? Everybody with me? We're building a foundation here. And I want us to see the dialogue between Jonathan, between David and Saul. Is there any in the picture? And Jonathan said, "Far be it from me. If I knew certainly that evil were determined by my father to come unto thee, then would not I tell it thee?" Then said David to Jonathan, "Who shall tell me? Or what if thy father answer thee roughly?" So David is saying here, "How will I know the outcome of this scenario that I painted? I'm not there at the dinner. I want to know the outcome. Is there a way you could let me know how your father responded to my absence? Are we together? And Jonathan said unto David, "Come and let us go out into the field." And they both went out, both of them into the field. And Jonathan said unto David, "Oh Lord, God of Israel, when I have sounded my father about tomorrow, anytime or the third day, and behold, if there be good toward David, and I send not unto thee, and show it thee, the Lord do so much more to Jonathan." So he's promising to get feedback back to David. But if it pleased my father to do the evil, then I will show it thee and send thee away. In other words, I'm promise promising you to give you the feedback to let you know the truth of the matter and to let you know to run for your life protect yourself that thou mayest go in peace and the Lord be with thee as he had been with my father. And thou shalt not only while yet I live show me the kindness of the Lord that I die not. But listen carefully and this is where the covenant is being layered here that we're going to get to in a bit. So basically Jonathan is spiritually seeing so much into David that in this conversation with David, he's beginning to protect his family. I want us to catch this now because we're going to get to something. So Jonathan is saying with what I'm doing here for you, I don't want you to forget this and I don't want you to forget my family. Any anybody with me? Yeah. But verse 15, but also thou shalt not cut off thy kindness for my house forever. So he's making David uh almost like a another line in the contract of the covenant that with what I'm doing here, I want you to pledge to me, David. No matter what happens, you will look out for my family. when the Lord had cut off the enemies of David, everyone from the face of the earth. So Jonathan is actually prophesying. He's saying there's coming a time that the Lord will cut off everyone of David's enemies. Are we seeing this? Right? [laughter] That's verse 15. So Jonathan made a covenant. So now this is another covenant. He's making a covenant on top of a covenant. So Jonathan made a covenant with the house of David, saying, "Let the Lord even require it at the hand of David's enemies. Let's go. And Jonathan caused David to swear again. In other words, pledge this thing again because he loved him. For he loved him as he loved his own soul. Then Jonathan said to David, "Tomorrow is the new moon and thou shalt be missed because thy sheets thy seat shall be empty. And when thou hast stayed three days, then shall go down, thou shalt go down quickly, and come to the place where thou didest hide thyself when the business was in hand, and shall remain by the stone eel. And I will shoot three arrows on the side thereof, as though I shot at a mark. So I'll be aiming and shooting the arrows. And behold, I will send the lad, saying, go find the arrows. If I say unto the lad, behold, the arrows are on this side, take them. Then come thou, for there is peace to thee, and no hurt. In other words, if I shoot the arrow and it's on that side, then it's okay. You could come, there's peace, no hurt, as the Lord liveth. But if I say thus unto the young man, behold, the arrows are beyond thee, meaning all the way, go thy way, for the Lord had sent thee away, and as touching the matter which thou and I have spoken, be behold, the Lord be between thee and me forever. So Jonathan is saying this is the code with which we will communicate. But I want to close off this conversation with the matter which thou and I have spoken which is about me and my family. Behold the Lord be between thee and me forever. Are we together? So David I want to wrap up this part. So David hid himself in the field and when the new moon was come the king sat down to eat meat and the king sat upon his seat as at other times even upon a seat by the wall. And Jonathan arose, and Abnner sat by Saul's side, and David's place was empty. Nevertheless, Paul Saul spake not anything that day, for he thought something had befallen him. He is not clean. Surely he's not clean. Maybe he's sick. Maybe he didn't bathe, whatever it was. But it came to pass on the tomorrow, which was the second day of the month, that David's place was empty. And Saul said unto Jonathan his son, "Wherefore cometh not," and this is where I had taught this before. Here say David, he said the son of Jesse. You see when people don't want to call you by your name and they try to call you like around your name, it's clacky son is this. They they they're not calling you by you. They're calling you by another identity. You see? So So wherefore cometh not the son of Jesse to to meet Why you coming to eat? Neither yesterday nor today. So for one day when somebody have a problem with you, they could keep it under wraps. But brother CL by the second day said to eat them up. [laughter] And Jonathan answered, "Saul, David earnestly asked leave of me." So in other words, he checked me first to go to Bethlehem and he said, "Let me go. I pray thee, for our family had a sacrifice in the city, and my brother, he had commanded me to be there, and now I have found favor in their eyes. Let me get away. I pray thee to see my brethren. Therefore, he cometh not unto the king's table. Verse 30, then Saul's anger was kindled against Jonathan, not against David, in his own house. And he said unto him, thou son of the perverse, rebellious woman. So the pro when people lash out, he lash out at Jonathan. He lashed out at whoever is the perverse rebellious woman because I don't know how she end up in this whole conversation. Do not I know that thou has chosen the son of Jesse again. Nope. Mention of David there. The son of Jesse to thine own confusion. In other words, he's saying Jonathan, you're confused. You have the wrong people in your life to own and unto the confusion of thy mother's nakedness. So you can see he is frustrated. He's he's angry here, right? For as long, listen here, for as long as the son of Jesse liveth upon the ground, thou shalt not be established. Now watch what he's doing here now. He is making it not anymore an issue between him and David. He's trying to turn Jonathan against David to say, listen, once that boy living, you will never be king. Are we together? Now you see how manipulators and how hatred could turn into manipulation. How people could say things and the motive behind what they're saying because he trying to gaslight or gas up or whatever young people say now trying to turn Jonathan against David. Right. For as long as the son of Jesse liveth upon the ground thou shalt not be established nor thy kingdom. Wherefore now send and fetch him unto me for he shall surely die. And Jonathan answered Saul his father and said unto him, wherefore shall he be slain? What had he done? And Saul's response and Saul he just promised and talk about your kingdom and your throne. And Saul cast a javelin at him to smite him. In other words, the same one he want to go on the throne he tried to kill now because he not in alignment with him. Right? Whereby Jonathan knew that it was determined of his father to slay David. So Jonathan arose from the table in fierce anger and did eat no meat the second day of the month for he was grieved for David because his father had done him shame. And it came to pass in the morning that Jonathan went out into the field at the time appointed with David and a little lad with him. And he said unto the lad, "Run, find out now the arrows which I shoot." And as the lad run, he shot an arrow beyond him. And when the lad was come to the place of the arrow with Jonathan and shot, Jonathan cried after lad and said, "Is not the arrow beyond thee, which is the code for David, run for your life." And Jonathan cried after the lad. Make speed. Hey, stay not. He already talking to the boy. He's sending a message to David. David, here what going on? This thing not it looking good. You need to fix your business. Right. And Jonathan's lad gathered up the arrows and came to his master. But the lad knew not anything. Only Jonathan and David knew the matter. And Jonathan gave his artillery unto his lad and said to him, "Go carry them into the city. And as soon as the lad was gone, David arose out of the place towards the south." And fell on his face to the ground. And bowed himself three times. And they kissed one another and wept with one another until David exceeded. And Jonathan said to David, "Go in peace. For as much as we have sworn both of us in the name of the Lord, saying the Lord be between me and thee, and between my seed and thy seed forever. And he arose and departed, and Jonathan went into the city. Are we together? Now, let's move to chapter 31. We still in the foundation, but is a foundation for a quick short message. So the foundation is important. So when we get to what we want to get to, it'll come together. So in 1st Samuel 31, just a few verses there and then we'll switch gears a little bit. 1st Samuel 31. Now the Philistines fought against Israel. So we have now moved forward in the timeline to the war that would kill Saul and would kill Jonathan and will kill Saul's other sons. Are we together? Now the Philistines fought against Israel and the men of Israel fled from before the Philistines and fell down slain in Mount Gilboa. And the Philistines followed hard after Saul and upon his sons. And the Philistines slew Jonathan. So Jonathan is killed here. and Amidadab and Melishua Saul's sons and the battle went sore against Saul and the archers hit him and he was saw wounded of the archers then said Saul unto his armor bearer draw thy sword and thrust me through therewith in other words kill me before they kill me lest these uncircumcised come and thrust me through and abuse me but his armor bearer would not for he was so afraid he didn't want to kill his king therefore Saul took a sword and fell upon it And when his armor bearer saw that Saul was dead, he fell likewise upon his sword and died with him. So Saul died and his three sons and his armor bearer and all his men that same day together. We move in the timeline again. Now we're going to jump to 2 Samuel 5. Chapter 1, 2 Samuel 5:1. Saul is already off the scene. David is being crowned king on Mount Hibbron. We had taught on this. This was the mountain Caleb fought for. Give me this mountain. This mountain. This is where Sarah was buried. This is what Abraham fought for. This is the crown in ceremony. Then came all the tribes of Israel to David unto Hebron, and spake, saying, Behold, we are thy bone and thy flesh. Also in time passed, when Saul was king over us, thou was he that led us out, and brought us in Israel. And the Lord said to thee, Thou shalt feed my people Israel, and thou shalt be a captain over Israel. So all the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron. And King David made a league with them in Hebron before the Lord. And they anointed David king over Israel. David was 30 years old when he began to reign. And he reigned 40 years. In Hebron, he reigned over Judah 7 years and 6 months. And in Jerusalem, he reigned 30 and three years over all Israel and Judah. You want to pause. The reason I want to pause is I want to remind the church that we are in 2 Samuel 5, but the Bible when you look at 1st Samuel and 2 Samuel, it is not in chronological order in the sense that the Bible is a book of mysteries. So we are in 2 Samuel 5. We just saw King Saul dead in 1 Samuel, but we want to go just one chapter before this to 2 Samuel 4 verse 4 to pick up someone here. So 2 Samuel 4:4 and Jonathan Saul's son who we have been talking about with the covenant with David and Jonathan Saul's son had a son. So we're talking about King Saul's grandson which is Jonathan's son and Jonathan Saul's son had a son that was lame of his feet. He was 5 years old when the tidings came of Saul and Jonathan out of Gizrael, and his nurse took him up and fled. And it came to pass as she made haste to flee that he fell and became lame. and his name was Mphibboet. And we're going to spend the rest of the time talking about Mephoshet. And we're going to start to see how this all connects and is why I chose the title hope for the broken because this young man is actually physically broken. He wasn't born that way. At age one, at age two, maybe by age three, by age four, he learns to walk. He falls down. He gets up. He plays with the other kids. He has no control of his environment. He doesn't understand the family that he's born to. He is privileged because he's the son of royalty. His grandfather is the king, King Saul. His father is the prince, Prince Jonathan. He is in the care of someone, his nurse. And out of panic, we just read the nurse in an attempt to protect, in an attempt to save, in an attempt to guide, in an attempt to do whatever was seen right, she made a mistake and she dropped him. And what was once whole was now broken. The young boy who could once walk was now lame. He was now crippled, lame at defeat. At an age when he was too young to defend himself, he was even more vulnerable. Psychologists today speak of childhood trauma, situations that take place many times when people are young before they are even able to defend themselves, protect themselves, speak for themselves, articulate issues, resolve conflict, have a voice. This young boy mphet is a type of many today who are broken by no fault of their own. There was nothing this young boy did to cause this. Are we together? It was not that he was born with this, but the situations of life that were beyond his control had left him broken. The people who were responsible for caring for him whether directly or indirectly were a part of what led him broken. Being broken his genealogy mattered and at the same time didn't matter because his reality was he was broken. crippled at 5 years old in a day in a time when medicine, science, technology, therapy options that we might have today did not exist then. So being crippled at age five was a lifetime of misery, hardship, being forsaken, being left back, being abandoned simply because you were broken. easily forgotten because you couldn't get where [clears throat] you wanted to go being broken. You needed people to help you. You needed people to advocate for you. You needed people to speak for you. Anybody with me? We're talking about hope for the broken. Let's now move our story forward to 2 Samuel 9. Verse one. And David said, "Is there yet any that is left of the house of Saul, that I may show him kindness for Jonathan's sake?" What was once a covenant by words before God was now enforcable by a throne. Are we together? When David made the covenant with Jonathan, these were two friends having a conversation before God saying, "Don't worry, I have your back and I promise even your family, I will look after them." You remember that the layering of the covenant that Jonathan made David pledge even after I am gone because Jonathan in his heart knew that one day David would be king and David a type of the king because we know Christ is son of David. There is a point in time similar to the story of Esther when the king asks, "What did we ever do for the man who warned me?" In other words, there's this principle that exists and God remembered the promise. Anybody with me? Here is a type of David. We don't know if he was in the morning, if he was in the evening. Just something comes upon David and he asks the question, is there anybody left of the house of Saul that I might show kindness for Jonathan's sake? This to me is so encouraging because it speaks to the fact that God don't ever forget a promise. something in David, wake up. And the covenant that was bigger than him, that was before God was activated. And there was of the house of Saul a servant, verse two, whose name was Zeba. So this was a how do I describe this? He used to work for King Saul. David is in the kingdom in the palace. But he fire everybody. So the Bible said here of the house of Saul a servant. So he used to work for King Saul when Saul was king. He's still around. So David says send for one of the old guards so to speak. A servant whose name was Zeba. And when they had called him to David, the king said unto him, "Art thou Zeba?" In other words, "Are you the one they're talking about?" And he said, "Thy servant is he." And the king said, "Is there not yet any of the house of Saul that I might show the kindness of God unto him?" You hear how we speaking? Now, this is a paradox in and of itself because I want to remind us that David for a significant point of his highest stress was on the run from Saul. His encounter with Abigail was running from Saul. His hiding plain madman was hiding from Saul. And here it is. You seeing a type of Christ where he has no ought, no grudges. He not seeking retribution. He say, "I want to wipe out every last incendant of Saul for distress he created." He is looking to do kindness because of the covenant he made with Jonathan. Are we together? That I may show the kindness of God unto him. And Zeas said unto the king, Jonathan had yet a son which is lame on his feet. Now, now this here excites me because again here we have the servant. He hasn't even called the son by name. I have a real challenge where people characterize you by your weakness, by your failure, by your disability, by your challenge. He doesn't say he doesn't say Jonathan has a son named me. He said he has a son which is lame on his feet. In other words, that is all that he saw him as. Are we together? It is something because God don't identify us by our scars, by our pains, by our missing, by our failures. The Bible say he knows your name. Oh, come on now. Somebody help me tonight. He knows us by name. IT IS NOT YOUR SCARS IS WRITTEN IN THE BOOK OF LIFE. IT'S NOT YOUR YOUR your your crippleness and your brokenness. God describing you by your brokenness. The mystery of who you are is your name. That's your identity. Are we together? He calls you by name. So this servant says he has a son which is lame on his feet. This is just mindboggling to me. How people want to label you by your issue, by your situation, by your condition, by what they see, not even looking at who you really are. Right? And the king said unto him, where is he? In other words, he even respond to the description. Where is he? And Zea said unto the king, "Behold, he is in the house of Machiru, the son of Amile in Loa." Now that word Loa means no pasture, no word, no communication. [laughter] He, in other words, he's in a place with no word, with no posture, with no communication, no encouragement because his identity has been wrapped up in the fact that he's lame. His identity has been wrapped up with look the reach, who carrying the out, who taking who go and buy stuff for the because the cannot go to the grocery. The can't go there. So his identity is no pasture, no word, no communication. Because unless you go to him, nobody talks to him. He can't go to nobody. In them days, you had no phone. You had no WhatsApp. If nobody come to you, you're by yourself. You're you're cut off. You're in solitude. Anybody with me? I want us to remember now, no matter what you want to say about Saul, and people always mix it up. We did a Bible study in this, the people never chose Saul. Saul disobeyed God, but God chose Saul. No matter how you look at it, this is still a son or grandson or a lineage. He is still royalty. I want you to catch me on this one. God found a better king, but God honors his word. And here it is, David as king still is giving honor and respect to touch not God anointed. Because when David's own general had told him to king Saul, David still had revelation to understood this was God's anointed. And if it's God's anointed, his son is anointed. His grandson is anointed. The lineage is anointed. Anybody with me? Behold, he's in the house of Machiru, the son of Amile in Loa. Then King David sent, I love this, and fetched him here. Tell him, "Come." David went and said, "Bring, bring him, fetch this man for me, out of the house of Mater, the son of Am from Loa." Hallelujah. Now when Mephoset, the son of Jonathan, the son of Saul, you see, I love when scripture gives you context. Now when Mphibbeeth, the son of Jonathan, the son of Saul, was come unto David, he fell on his face and did reverence. And David said, here call him Here call him lame. Here call him grandson of my enemy. He call him my name. And David said, Mbashet. And he answered, Behold thy servant. And David said unto him, "Fear not, for I will surely show thee kindness for Jonathan thy father's sake." Now, this here is is mindboggling because many of us have never looked at this. And will restore thee all a ll all do mean part all do mean 99 all the land of Saul thy father. So this crippled man, I want you to picture this man sitting in Libar, no word, no communication for his whole life. Nobody coming and talk to him. Nobody remember him. Maybe when he was three years old, he had songs that he would hear when the king's palace he would get the opportunity to walk the palace. Everything he could have envisioned as a 5-year-old in a royal family was snatched from him. Not by his mistake, not by his issue, but because the nurse who was charged with protecting him dropped him and from there his life was changed. He could have never see his way after that and for his whole life growing up for years he's there in solitude in isolation never thinking he could ever do anything never could work because cripples couldn't work and here it is you find yourself in front of the king and he bows in reverence not wondering I wonder if this king won't kill me and the king says to you all that was your grandfather's property your grandfather's wealth which was this is kingly wealth we're talking about this is not a farmer wealth this is Not a mechanic word. This is the wealth of a king. Restore thee all the land of Saul thy father. And listen, and thou shalt eat bread at my table continually. Talk about moving from a to a king's table overnight. And this is why they said his hope for the broken because he is a broken man who can do nothing for himself. I want you to catch that one tonight. He could he didn't promote himself. He couldn't change his situation. He had nothing to do with it. I want to He had nothing to do with it. The reason he was in that position was because of a covenant that was made between his father and David before David was even king. And I want to remind us tonight that there's a covenant about you. Because the covenant that would have been made between David and Jonathan was before this boy was even born. Or you don't hear me tonight. Before this boy was even born, there was a covenant about him. He is actually living proof that the covenant was bigger than him. The covenant was before him. He was a beneficiary of the covenant. And being broken had nothing to do with the power of the covenant to restore to him what belonged to him. If that doesn't excite you about your life being changed overnight, that have nothing to do with your ability to do it. But just because there's a covenant, a word about what's supposed to happen to you, that should give you such faith to realize that your healing is not about you. Your blessing is not about you. Your deliverance is not about you. Your transformation is not about you. It has all to do with the covenant, the unconditional covenant, the promise of God that existed before you even met your problem. Because before that boy fell, the covenant was theirs. BEFORE THE NURSE DROPPED HIM, THE COVENANT was older than the nurse dropping him. Anybody with me? Thou shalt eat bread at my table continually. Listen to verse eight to show you the challenge we have to overcome. And he bowed himself and said, "What is thy servant that thou should look upon such a dead dog as I am?" In other words, for so long, he lived in this crippled, broken condition that he saw himself as a dead dog. He didn't see value in himself. He couldn't understand the reality and the magnitude of what was happening to him, around him, about him. He said, "What is it you seeing? You're not seeing my condition." In other words, at that point in time, there was a conflict in his mind between how he saw himself and what was happening to him. God help us to see ourselves the way God sees us. Because David was not seeing a David was not seeing a broken man. David was seeing the recipient of a covenant. Listen how this thing builds. A man who couldn't help himself. Brother Clarence, a man who couldn't help himself. A man who couldn't work. A man who couldn't walk. Suddenly he said, "You're eating continually at the king's table." You know how much people wish they could sit at the king's table? Don't you have a fight? They say, "How he get there, boy? What he do to get there?" Nothing. He had do nothing to get there. He didn't deserve it. But when the king promote you, help me tonight. When the king promotes you and you had nothing to do with it, this is not you work and impress somebody and you show yourself and you earn it and you achieve it. This is covenant speaking for you better than you could do anything for yourself. When God is ready to promote you, it has nothing to do with your merit, with your work, with your contribution. It has all to do with him enforcing his word, which is his covenant. And God's word, which is his covenant, is him swore by himself. He don't need permission. He don't need another party. Oh, help us tonight. I want to read verse eight again to help somebody here. And he bowed himself and said, "What is thy servant that thou shouldest look upon such a dead dog as I am?" David didn't even respond to that statement. David continues in the vein of the covenant. Then the king called to Zeba, Saul's servant, and said unto him, I have given unto thy master son all that pertain to Saul and to all his house. In other words, David speaking, this is already done. In other words, I want you to look at this crippled man who you calling crippled because you disrespected him earlier by not even acknowledging his name. You just heard what I said, right? [laughter] David honored him by his name and to the servant who addressed him by his condition. He says to him, "I have given unto thy master son all that pertain to Saul and to his house." Now therefore, thou therefore, in other words, you zebra and thy sons and thy servants shall till the land for him. So here is a man who had no work, no workers, no throne, nothing. He was characterized as as crippled five minutes before. I want you to understand the power of transformation. When the prophet say if we get into one mind and one accord in five minutes there'll be not one sick person in the room. Five minutes before he walked in as a Five minutes later, not only has he been told he would sit at the king's table. Not only was he just given land and title, but he's now told this servant here, [laughter] hallelujah, thou therefore and thy sons and shall tell the land for him, and thou shalt bring in the fruits, [laughter] that thy master's son may have food to eat, but Mephabet thy master's son, even though he will have food to eat, listen to this, shall eat bread always at my table. So the food you're getting for him is extra. That's for when he finish eat at my table, he have fruit to go home with. Oh, you don't hear me tonight. In other words, he eats at the king table and there's fruit. There's dessert waiting for him which you and your house and your family will till the soil and gather the fruit because listen, the blessing is so good. He don't need to pick the fruit. You don't hear me tonight. You know the Bible say you will reap what you didn't even sow. In other words, the blessing of God will come to you that you didn't even work for and the blessing just roll up to your door. If there ever is a case study in scripture about this happening because God is showing the sovereignty of God, the provision of God to those who can't even help themselves. I want that to stick tonight. When you cannot help yourself, God is giving us something to encourage and show. All right, you're saying you can't help yourself. You're saying you can't do this. You can't do this. Look at an example of somebody who cannot do, couldn't do, no fault of their own, and I could still bless them because they found themselves under the covenant. The important lesson because when Jesus gave his disciples power, he said, "Don't rejoice because they have power. No, rejoice because your names have been written." The most important lesson tonight is to be under the covenant. Because if you are under the covenant, the covenant will cover you. The covenant will provide for you. The covenant will keep you. The covenant will defend you. When you can't help yourself, the covenant is bigger than what you cannot do. Anybody with me tonight? But MBeth, thy master son shall eat bread always at my table. Now Zeba had 15 sons and 20 servants. So in other words, God is telling here, this man came in with no staff. And by the time David done talking, he had 35 staff members. [laughter] Lord help us tonight. When you say you have no help, God give him one helper. He gave him 35 help. [laughter] I don't know if this is as as exciting to you as it is to me to see when God ready to bless you. He has blessed you in a way that you can't argue with it. You can't debate it. You went from being fetched to now you have 35 people need to take care of you, work for you by the king's order. This is not this is not working for you. This is the king's instructions by the king's command saying, "Listen, this is your responsibility to make sure he have food. Till the soil, reap the thing." After he eat at my king's table, make sure it have fruit waiting for him. Are we together? Then said Zeba unto the king, according to all that my lord, the king had commanded his servant, so shall thy servant do. As for Mphibicheth, said the king, he will eat, listen to this, at my table. He added now as one of the king's sons. Now I want I'm about to close short. I tell you when we get to the meat of it, it'll be a short quick message because the foundation was important here, right? I want you to picture this. And Mphibicheth had a young son whose name was Ma. And all that dwelt in the house of Zeba were servants unto Mphibicheth. So Mphibicheth dwelt in Jerusalem, for he did eat continually at the king's table, and was lame on both his feet. Now, why would the Bible repeat this line? Because it has been said before. I want you to picture what God is trying to say here in this last verse here. For he did eat continually at the king's table and was lame on both feet. We already know it. Why the repetition here? You see when you sit down on a table, when anybody sit down at a nice table, brother Clarence, a beautiful banquet, a king's table, would I see your feet? I would not see your feet. So God is saying here, when you're brought to the king's table, the fact that you are lame is not even the issue because God is covering, hiding, removing from the public view. The issue that you come in with is not even relevant anymore because on the king's table you can't see the issue. So this lame man if you walked into the room you wouldn't even know he live. Oh God help me tonight. I need to kind of wrap up here. God is saying when you sit at the king's table your lame condition is no longer visible. You might still remember your past, you know, but it's under the blood. Or you don't hear me tonight. You might have a broken situation, you know, but nobody could talk about it because they can't even see it or you don't hear me tonight. I'm about to close. This is a short teaching tonight, but I want to encourage you tonight. There's hope for the broken. That's the lesson tonight. There's hope for the broken. There's hope for what might seem hopeless. There's hope for the helpless. There is a comfort in the covenant that God is interested in every shape, form, fashion of anything that is wrapped up in the covenant. So, short quick message tonight. I trust that it is a blessing to you. There's more that we could touch on at another point in time, but I believe this is what the Lord put on my heart to encourage you on this Friday evening that no matter what situation you have gone through that you want to mask, you want to hide. God shows us clearly here through this teaching, man in hiding, away from the world, but a covenant brought him forward. Give him land. Give him title. Give him staff. Staff you don't even need. Give him food on the king's table. And on the king's table, you can't even see his feet. So if you come to talk to the king, he just is like one of the king's son. Anybody with me tonight? May the Lord richly bless you. May he encourage you. May this have your faith to rise to a new level. And if you can take anything from this, there is a promotion that could come from God that you have nothing to do with. This doesn't negate the principle of working and by your sweat your brow. That's a principle of God. But I want you to also trust God to do big things that are so big that you would be asking, "But this dog, [laughter] this broken man, this broken story, this situation that looked impossible that I can't even help myself, but look, look at the kind of help that God could send." Shall we pray? Heavenly Father, we thank you tonight that there's hope for the broken. There's hope for the weary. There's encouragement for the troubled, Lord. And sometimes when we least expect this man, Mphibashed wasn't even looking for help. He had reached a point he didn't even have hope. It was not like he was there waiting for transformation. He was in a place called Lord Debbah, which meant there was nothing nothing going on. But we thank God that David remembered the same way God remembered. The same way the king remembered Mori. We thank you Lord that you remembered us. And at the right time, the right season, the right moment, you remember the covenant, the promise that was made. Lord, may your faith, may the faith of your people tonight rise and be encouraged, Lord, that help could come from an unknown place. Lord, when Esther when when Mordei was speaking to Esther, he said if you don't act, help will come from another place. But rest assured, help is coming. So you either act or help will come. No matter what, God will never leave his people without help. And Lord, you are present help in time of trouble. Lord, we have situations among us of people who need healing. They need a word. They need an encouragement. They need a touch. They need the help of Jehovah Gyra. They need to know Jehovah Rafa. Jehovah ni Jehovah situ they need to encounter the rose of Sharon the lily of the valley El Shadai in their situation in their homes in their finances in their in their health in their marriages in their families in their walk with God tonight Lord we are here tonight to feast on this word this this this almost seemingly insignificant character as it were by virtue of what he was a at age five and here it was you could pick him from up obscurity as it was. Pick him up from hiding. Pick him up from being able to help himself to raise him to the four as it were. And to put him in a position, Lord, that you could honor your own word and anointing you placed upon Saul. He was reflecting the Saul lineage because you are a god of your word and your promises. Lord, we thank you that you don't forget anyone. We thank you that you forneew us and true fornowledge you could predestinate us. Lord, it's all past tense or who you forneew. You're called called justified. justified, already glorified. So, Father, may you strengthen your people, strengthen your church, encourage your people tonight. Lift up your people tonight. Father, may you bless your people. One more time. May you bless the services coming Sunday at 10:00 a.m. May we come charged on fire under great expectation for what you will do. We commit your people into your hands. We commit all the situations, the families into your hands in the precious, wonderful name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. May the Lord graciously bless you tonight. Looking forward by the grace of God to seeing you on church on Sunday, Lord willing, bright and early. Come prayed up. We're looking for God to do something tremendous for us. Come under expectation for God to transform, for God to change. And may the Lord be with you. Have a blessed weekend, a wonderful evening. Thank you so much for coming. God bless you. Good night.
