################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - From The Apostles Doctrine To The Manifestation  - Pastor Olumuyiwa Omotoyinbo - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-13
Title:    From The Apostles Doctrine To The Manifestation  - Pastor Olumuyiwa Omotoyinbo
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Headstone Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 27m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRL0N0LbwBI
========================================

Description:
This message was preached on 26th December 2024 at the  Little Flock Assembly Onisha, Nigeria
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, let's stand this morning. Amen. [Music] Oh, thank you, Jesus. Let's lift our hands and let's worship him all over. Oh, was blind, but now I [Music] see. Oh, amazing grace, how sweet the sound. Oh that said [Music] ar me. I once was lost but now I'm found. Oh, was blind, but now I see. Amazing grace. Oh, amen. Sing grace how sweet the sound had saved the friend like me. Oh, I once was lost but now I'm found. Oh, are so blind. But now I [Music] see. Oh, let's give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, let's give him glory this morning. Lift your hands this morning and give him praise. Give him thanks for his amazing grace. How sweet the sound. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. His grace is amazing. Oh, his presence is amazing this morning. Oh, we open our eyes. Oh, we took a deep breath this morning. Isn't God amazing? Oh, how it's amazing what he's done. It's amazing what he has created. It's amazing how he found us. It's amazing how he saved us. He pulled our souls out of darkness. That's a reason to praise God. He put money in your pocket. That's a reason to praise God. You've got clothes on your back, shoes on your feet. The devil didn't do it and he can't take it away. God bless you this morning. He loves you this morning. His arms are open wide this morning. He's embracing you this morning with his presence. Oh, with his love. Celebrate his name this morning and lift him up this morning. Lift up your hands. Lift up your head, oh ye gates, and be lifted up, ye everlasting doors. And that the King of glory shall come in this morning. The Lord strong and mighty. The Lord mighty in battle. We love the Lord our God this morning. Oh, the devil is a liar. I'm here to praise him. I'm here to worship him. Let everything that had breath praise our God this morning. Oh, the devil can't get my praise. Too late, devil. He paid the price on Calvar's tree. Oh, let my soul cry out. How I love you, Lord. How I adore you, Jesus. Oh, somebody praise him this morning. Oh, bring your gifts. Bring your sacrifice of praise into the house of God this morning. Oh, and let the redeemed say so. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, are you happy to be in the house of God? This is a house of praise. Oh, forget about everything around you. Lift up your hands. Oh, close your eyes and get lost in the spirit this morning. Oh, we're here to receive from God. All that he has for us. What a day that he has made. We will rejoice and be glad in it. God bless you this morning. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord in the fellowship of our God among people who like precious faith? This is a precious thing. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. So, welcome to God's presence. And if you have your Bibles, we'd like to turn to a portion of scripture in the Psalms as we do to read of God's praises this morning in Psalms chapter 150 and then we will open in a word of prayer. Amen. Psalms chapter 150 says, "Praise ye the Lord. Praise God in his sanctuary. Praise him in the firmament of his power. Praise him for his mighty acts. Praise him according to his excellent greatness. Praise him with the sound of the trumpet. Praise him with the sulttery and harp. Praise him with the timberal and dance. Praise him with stringed instruments and organs. Praise him upon the loud symbols. Praise him upon the high sounding symbols. Let everything that had breath praise the Lord praise ye the Lord. May God add blessing to the reading of his word. We're here to praise him this morning. Amen. And we give him all the glory that's due unto his name. Amen. Let us pray together as we worship him in this place. Almighty God, Lord, we acknowledge you, Father, first of all this morning as Lord of all the earth. Oh God, the creator of heaven and all the things that therein are. Lord, you are deserving of our praise this morning and our glory, Lord Father. And we come to worship you in this place, Lord. We come to L lay aside everything else, Lord God. Lord, and to raise you higher this morning, Lord, high above every other circumstance, Lord, every other thought, every other feeling. Oh God, you are above it all and you are over it all and you are worthy of it all and you are deserving of it all. Father, Lord, it all comes from you this morning. And we give you praise, Lord, for the good, the bad, for everything in between, oh God. Your hand has been in the midst of all of it, Father. And we are grateful for your mercy towards us, Lord. Now, Father, may your presence come down in this place, Lord. We need you, Lord Jesus. We are nothing without you, Lord God. We didn't bring ourselves, but we are your people, oh Lord. We are the sheep of your pasture. We'd have never made it this far if your mercy hadn't stepped down in the midst of hell and brought us out into heavenly places, oh God. You are great and greatly to be praised. And so, Father, we bow to your will, Lord, your to your word. Father, we pray that you come and work in this place this morning. We come to just yield to your presence, Lord. And pray that you would have your way with us and in us today. Move upon us, Lord. Bless the word as it will be spoken to our hearts, Lord. May anoint your people, Father, as we worship and praise you and to create an atmosphere that would welcome you in this place, Lord. May no one leave the same way, Lord. May we believe, Lord, with a greater understanding, with a greater revelation, with a greater faith, Lord. for faith come by hearing the word. So father may you anoint us and impact our lives today father for the better. Lord we give you honor and praise today and we commit all these things into your hands in Jesus precious name. Amen and amen. Let us give God praise this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Praise God. And God is so good. Oh, God is so good. Oh, God is so good. Oh, he is so good to me. Oh, God is so good. God, God is so good. Oh God, it's so [Music] good. Oh God, it's so good. Oh, he's so good to me. I love him so and I I love I love him so and I love him so oh I love him so he's so good to me one more time. I love him so and I love him so. Oh, I love him so. Oh, and I love him so for he is so good. Oh, too. Oh, now help me this morning. Let's praise his name. Oh, let's all just praise his name. Lift your hands and sing this morning. Let's Oh, praise his name. Let's praise his name. Let's praise his name. Oh, he is so Oh, to one more time. Let's praise his name. Hallelujah. Praise. Bring your praises this morning. Oh, praise and name. Oh yes, Lord. I'm here to praise. Oh, he is so good. Oh, true. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Let's praise his name this morning. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh glory, glory, glory. Oh yes Lord. Oh I praise you. I'll praise you Lord. I'll praise you father. Thank you Lord Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh yes Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord Jesus. One more time. Oh God, he answer prayer. Oh God answers prayer. Oh God has us [Music] pray so good to me. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, give him praise this morning. Give him glory. Give him honor. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Take the key up. Amen. Jesus never fails. Oh, Jesus never fails. Oh, heaven and earth will pass away, but Jesus never Oh, let's praise him this morning. Jesus never fails. Oh, Jesus. Oh, and heaven and earth will pass. Oh, but Jesus never fails. Oh, singing Jesus. Oh, Jesus. Oh, heaven and earth will pass away. Jesus. Oh, help me say. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh heaven and earth. Oh but Jesus never. Oh one more time. Jesus never. Oh [Music] Jesus. Oh heaven will pass away. But Jesus never. Oh hallelujah. Jesus never. Oh Jesus. Oh heaven. I know I'll pass somewhere. But Jesus never. Oh I know my Lord. Well he's going to lead me out. Oh I know. Oh he's going to lead me out. Oh I'm going to pray. Oh and do the best I can. Oh, I know. Will lead me out of his fear. Oh, I know my Lord. I know my Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, somebody help me praise him. I know how many know he's going to leave. Leave me out. I'm going to pray. Oh, and do the best I can. Oh, I know. Oh hallelujah. Oh, I sing hallelujah anyhow. Oh, and don't let those troubles pull you down. Oh, when those troubles come your way, lift your hand and say hallelujah anyhow. Oh, say hallelujah. Sing hallelujah anyhow. Oh, put a smile on your face this morning and don't let those troules pull you down. Oh, hallelujah. Cuz when those troubles come, just lift your head and say hallelujah. Oh, shout hallelujah. Oh, I'm going to shout [Music] hallelujah. Oh, this morning. Oh, don't let pull you down. Oh, no trouble. Oh, lift your hand. I say [Music] hallelujah. Give a little shout hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, shout hallelujah. I sing hallelujah. Oh, and no trouble. Oh, lift your [Music] hands. Hallelujah. Oh, one more time. Oh, we're going to sing [Music] hallelujah. Oh, don't let no trles pull you down. When no trouble come your way, enjoy. I say hallelujah anyhow. Hallelujah. Anyhow, hallelujah. Anyhow, oh, say hallelujah. Hallelujah. Anyhow, anyhow. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Do you love him today? Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. As we get ready for our special this morning. Amen. Amen. The children's choir are going to come and sing up for us. Amen. This morning, let's sing that song. Holy. Oh, you are holy. King of kings, Lord of lords. Um, I worship you. Amen. Praise God. So, let's get ready to come. Holy. Oh, you are holy. King of kings, King of Kings, Lord of Lords. You are holy. [Music] Oh, you are holy. You are home. Oh, King of Kings, Lord of Lords. I worship you one more time. Oh, sing it home. You are [Music] home. King of kings, Lord of Lords. You are holy. Oh, [Music] holy. You are holy. King of kings, Lord of lords. I worship you. One more time with all your heart. Oh, sing it. Oh, you are holy. You are holy. [Music] Oh, oh, [Music] holy, you are holy. King of kings, Lord of lords, I worship you. King of kings, king of kings, Lord of lords, I worship, I worship you. King of kings, Lord of lords, I worship you. Oh, we thank the Lord this morning. We praise him for his holiness. Do you love him this morning? Amen. It's such a blessing to have the Sunday school choir with us this morning. You may be seated. Let's get ready to sing a special for us. Let's join in in worship this morning as they Amen. sing unto the Lord. God richly bless you. Amen. [Music] [Music] Lord, I lift your name on high. [Applause] [Music] Lord, I love to sing your praises. I'm so glad you're in my life. I'm so glad you came to save us. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross. My day today. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord I lift your name on [Music] high. Lord I lift your name on high. Lord, I love to sing your praises. I'm so glad you're in my [Music] life. I'm so glad you came to save. You can't forget the world to sh from the earth to the cross. My name from the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord I lift your name on high. [Music] You from heaven to earth from the to the cross. I am from the cross to the from the grave to the sky. What I lifted in my heart from heaven to above to show from the earth to the I from the to the sun. Lord I lift your name. From heaven to earth to sh away, from the earth to the I to the Lord. I lift your name on high. Lord, I lift your name on high. [Music] [Applause] I amen. Do you appreciate the Sunday school choir this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Oh, as they get ready to exit the stage, thank you so much. God bless you. Amen. We certainly appreciate that song this morning. Lord, I lift your name on high. Are you here to lift his name on high this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Are you here to give him all the praise, all the honor, and all the glory? Amen. Praise God. Let's just give him one more clap of praise as he as they go. Thank you so much, God. Richie, bless you. Thank you for your worship. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. You love the Lord. I want to sing that song. He alone is worthy to worship and adore. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Is he worthy to worship this morning? Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to He alone is worthy. No other God like him this morning. No other friend like him. Praise God. No other deliverer like him. No other savior like him. No other redeemer like him. He brought me through too much this morning for me not to give him all the praise and glory. Everything I have around me is because of the grace of God. Oh my job, my family, my children is because of the grace of God. He's done too much for me that I can keep silent in the house of God this morning. No, no, no. The devil is a liar this morning. He alone is worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise this morning. Why don't you lift your hands and join in worship this morning on this Palm Sunday. Oh, we're going to rock heaven this morning and give God praise. We're going to let the devil know who's sideway on. I'm here to praise him. I'm here to worship him. He's my God and I will worship him. Don't matter what the world says. Hallelujah. Oh, I adore. Oh, the lamb of God. Oh, victorious. Oh my Lord. He purchased mine. He purchased my redemption. [Music] Oh rightousness is he. Exalt the name. Exalt the name oh of Jesus. He is worthy. Oh he alone. singing he alone is worthy. Oh to worship and adore the lamb of God victorious. Oh my Lord. He purchases my people just my own redemption. All righteousness. Oh righteousness is he. Exalt the name. Oh exalt the name of Jesus. Oh he is worth. Can we take it off? Oh, sing it. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, to worship. Oh, somebody lift your hands this morning and worship God with me. Oh, the lamb have come. Oh, he's victorious. [Music] Oh my goes my I pre that's why I praise him this morning all righteousness oh is he exalt the name exalt hallelujah hallelujah of Jesus oh He Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He alone. Hallelujah. Oh, he's worthy this morning of all the glory of all the honor and all the praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed is his name. Glorious is his name. We give honor to him. Oh, hallelujah. Blessed be the lamb. Blessed be the king. Blessed be the God of Israel. Oh, hallelujah. He is my redeemer. He is my Lord. He is my savior. Oh, he's my heartbeat. He's my song. Oh, exalt the name. Oh, of Jesus. Oh, he is. Oh, exalt the name of Jesus. Oh, exalt the name of Jesus. Oh, he is worthy. He is worthy. Can we give him praise this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory be to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Are we ready? Okay. Amen. Praise God. Well, God bless you all. It's so good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. And this morning, we have a tape, a special tape we'd like to play for you today, which will be our word portion of the service. And we pray be a mighty blessing to you. Amen. It's from our precious pastor Olua Olua in Lagos, Nigeria. It's a message called from the apostles doctrine to the manifestation. Amen. And we looking forward for what God will do this morning by his word. So, let's get locked in and praise. Amen. The atmosphere is already here and we know that God was fixing to move. May God richly bless you as this tape is played. You enter in this morning, I believe God will bless you and minister to you uh abundantly. Amen. So, God bless you as you pray. Amen. And amen. Do you appreciate brother Olu the pastor of local Christian assembly Lagos? that has been a blessing to us. When I preached in worry, I said I don't know whether I think it's worry last last year. Yes. I said that I I had respect or I have respect for three people you know and one is my dad and the other is brouh. He said I don't have respect for other people. There are people that we have been looking on to all the years elders you know one my father one brother Olu and that is the much I can call now and I have respect for any every other person. Do you appreciate brother Olu? Amen. Amen and amen. [Applause] And I am I like that song, Roch. Yeah. And I know he likes it too. A pride. Oh [Music] Jesus. I changed my whole life. [Music] anymore. Oh, just I am. Can you raise your hand and sing that song? I am God. [Music] [Music] Jesus I [Music] I [Music] am I am Jesus. [Music] [Music] Yes. I am breathing one more time. I am redeemed. I am redeemed. help the [Music] brother [Music] Jesus just I am. Please tell them I am [Music] breathing. Amen. Amen. God richly bless you. You may be seated. God bless you. God bless you and good afternoon. Um I know seeing me some of you are scared like brother Olu. He preaches a long time. So um don't be nervous. I'm I'm growing. I'm changing. So just pray for me. So uh but it's so good to be in Indonesia again and want to say thank you to Pastor UJ and his lovely lovely wife um sister Debbie for the invitation to be here again. Um I just simply say what I've always said since what I believe you know brother Enoch will look down and be very glad very glad. I mean that's that's all I can say and really what I feel about brother Enoch and sister Becky I've always felt that way like raising eight kids and they are all in the message it's no it's no small feat and not just in the message but really from when they were all young because I knew them all since they were very very small and they never deviated. So that is something that we all can emulate and because the purpose I believe God put us here primarily is to raise up our children to have this word firstly and then to pass on to our children. If we fail in that nothing else matters. So thank you brother Enoch and Sebi even though they're not here we thank you for their work. So brother thank you for the great work you're doing. Really love and appreciate you. And um Baloce is like a son to me. But truth of the matter is he's pastor of the church. And there's no, you know, big pastor, small pastor. Pastor is pastor. Like brother would say those years pastor. Put it all down flat. We're all God's children. There's no big eye and little you. So we thank God for the pastor. And while I'm here, he's my pastor while I'm in this convention. Thank you, Pastor OJ. God bless you. I I I I'll try to be a good boy. Okay. So, um because I have this tendency to say things that upsets my generation. All right. Can I can I remove my jacket? All right. All right. [Music] Um because you know my generation has a tendency to think we are growing and everybody else is the same. So we talk to our kids the way we talked to them 20 years ago, 30 years ago. And they must not react. If they react, we say they're rude. But we are never rude. Yet we talk to them anyhow. So that's why I say pastor UJ is not the small boy. He's pastor of the church in Indonesia and the church happens to be one of the largest churches in the message in the country and we respect him as such. Of course like of of course of course he it he it he has to make full proof of his ministry which I believe he's doing and we all see it but he is pastor just like I am pastor just like anyone who is older than me is pastor and we respect him as such. Amen. I also want to say thank you to the uh the ministry, the helps and the governments of the church here at the little floor Christian Assembly and for standing with pastor to keep the maharship straight because I know there's there things like people could say no this not how we did it before this not how you know pastor you not did it before well pastor is the pastor and all you need to do or the pastor just to do like the Bereans to to see in the word not to check out that it's not true but to see that the pastor is on the line and you follow because like brother Bham told us God don't use two men in any one place ever. You use two men you got two different ideas. So you can't have the pastor's idea and the minister's idea and the deacons the pastor's idea in contact with the Holy Ghost to know what to do. So I thank you. I I thank you. I appreciate the ministry, the helps and governments in the church here standing by brother u to help to keep the misarchy straight. Amen. Amen. And all the pastors, the ministers and the churches who have come for the convention. Uh we thank you for attending. Uh it's not a Sunday though it feels like a Sunday. Every day of this convention has felt like a Sunday. and uh but to leave all that you needed to do Christmas time, Christmas season and be here. Um God richly bless you and especially to my ministering brothers, the featured speakers who have gone ahead. Um I'm too much of a dollar to remember all the names. So I don't want to leave anybody's name out, but I really appreciate you. I came in on I I keep my first service was yesterday morning, but I follow the other services. Brother Uch, uh, Brother Waju and Brother Andaki and and who else was that on on Friday night and then yesterday morning and yesterday night, Pastor Isaac Jbe are wonderful. The prayer line, incredible. So, I thank you, my precious brothers. And like I always say, and I really mean it. I feel really um I know everybody says it, but really I mean it. I feel really um uh blessed to be with you on the field to you know put my shoulders to the wheel to to sweep this gospel on to the coming of the Lord. So God bless you for your ministries that has been a blessing in this convention and a number of you have been on the road a long time. I thank you and for those who are coming behind in the final service tonight. I thank you also and say God richly richly bless you. Amen. Pastor UJ has a theme for the convention which is a a theme or inspiration or subject I mean but he said it's from the apostles doctrine to the manifestation and that's what I'd like to take from my title this morning or this afternoon. So if you if you don't mind can you stand to your feet so we can read the word of God. [Music] Uh because the time is fast spent. So I'll try to run so I don't um use up all of my goodwill and you'll get tired on me. So I'll try to run. Um I know I tend to speak very fast many times. I speak so fast many times. Like I said I don't even hear myself but I I'll try to stay conscious so I don't you know just speak to myself alone. But if I'm speaking and you're not hearing me, what good does he do? So I have a few scriptures. Um um Acts 2:38 to um 47, Hebrews 1 1-3, and Revelation 10 and verse 7. And if you have your marker, you can just get uh my Condex scriptures. I may not get to them, but I'll try to. um seen Luke 15 11-32 speaking about the prodigal son going out and then coming back home and the atmosphere and all that and then Ephesians 4 11-15 and Genesis 1:26-28 and Genesis 2:7 for my scriptures Acts 2 and verse 37 this is after Peter had preached on the day of Pentecost so that's what this is here. This is the day of Pentecost. Now when they heard this, they were pricricked in their heart and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, men and brethren, what shall we do? Then Peter said unto them, Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is unto you and to your children, and to all that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. And with many other words did he testify and exalt, saying, "Save yourselves from this untored generation." Now, these verses represent at their most basic level the apostles doctrine. Exactly. What the apostles preach as their doctrine. That's right. Verse 41. Then they that gladly received his word were baptized, and the same day there were added unto the unto them about 3,000 souls. And they continued the apostles doctrine. This was the effect on the people. They continued steadfastly. When you hear somebody steadfast, it means they have commitment. They have discipline to be committed because we talk commitment but you need discipline to maintain that commitment. When you have both John together then you have steadfastness and that was the atmosphere in that church where the apostles doctrine was in um was was being taught and preached. And they continued steadfastly in the apostles doctrine and fellowship and in breaking of bread and in prayers. And fear came upon every soul. And many wonders and signs were done by the apostles. The effects of the apostles doctrine. Signs, wonders, miracles, the power of God in the midst. Verse 44. And all that believe were together. the results of preaching the apostles doctrine. All that believe were together and had all things common. Now having all things common doesn't mean I say give me your jacket I'm going to wear today. That's not what it means. You take the context from the scriptures. What it simply means is that there was a lot of unconditional love among that group. That's what it means. That's what it represented. I know that if I ever get in some dire need I can't come I can't sort out I have my family church family around me I can trust them what they have is mine what I have is theirs I need somebody to pray for me I can trust I can call them at 2:00 in the morning there's a problem here they will give me their time their time is my time is their time they had all things common Amenisemen I'm sorry. Forgive me. This thing is not transferring to my um app iPad. So, um I'm from the old school. So, I I I'm trying to be like the younger ones and try to, you know, but uh it takes a lot of growing up to do. So, so forgive me. Um anyway, so verse 45, let me do 44 again. And all that believe were together and had all things common. And sold their possessions and goods and parted them to all men as every man had need. Ne had need. That's the operative word. So it's not like that you have 10 lands, go and sell one and give me or give me one and give me two if you want to be, you know, in the act of the apostles. That's not what it means. as they had need. Your want and your need are two different things. Many things you want that you don't need. Amen. Verse 46, the apostles doctrine and the results and the effects of it. And they continuing daily steadfastly commitments discipline to maintain the commitment. And they continue daily with one accord in the temple. That's that mind. That's that mindset. That's that frame of mind. They all had the mind of Christ. One Lord, one faith, one baptism, one mind, one accord, one place. They were united together. Amen. And they continued daily with one accord in the temple and breaking bread from house to house did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of heart. And the Lord added to the church daily such as should be saved the results of the apostles doctrine. Hebrews 1:es 1-3. God who at sun dry times and in diverse manner spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets hath in these last days spoken unto us by his son whom he had appointed heir of all things by whom also he made the walls who been the brightness of his glory Jesus Christ the brightness of God's glory and the express image of his person once you see Jesus that's got fully expressed and upholding all things by the word of his power when he had by himself purged our sins and sat down on the right hand of the majesty on high. Amen. And finally, Revelation 10:7. But in the days of the voice of a seventh angel, when the when he shall begin a sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he had declared to his servants the prophets. The mystery of God, God being a mystery. We don't know who he is, but Jesus Christ was the express image of God. So, you don't have to wonder no more about what God looks like. You want to know what God looks like? Take a look at Jesus. He was the expressed image. He He expressed God. He expressed the image of God. He displayed it, manifested it so you can see him. So God is no longer a mystery because Jesus expressed him. Amen. And we thank God. The mystery of God should be finished. is sent in a prophet who brought us that message. The expressed image of God. Christ is the mystery of God revealed or expressed or manifested or made plain or made real so that we could see him. We could touch him. We could know this is very God himself. Amen. Amen. May the Lord add his blessing to reading of his holy words. Let's bow our heads of prayer. Our heavenly father, we thank you for this day Lord. We thank you for the blessing of being in the convention. Thank you Lord for your servant here, our pastor uh brother. We thank you for what we see you doing through him and with him. Lord, we thank you and we pray Lord your blessing, your anointing, your grace will abundantly continue to be upon him, his dear wife, his family and this church here Lord that your servant brother Enoch labored to put together for you all of those years. And we thank God we see the Holy Spirit keeping that mehip straight and moving on with the Holy Ghost. Father, we thank you for these meetings here, Lord. We thank you for the word that has been spoken. We thank you for your servants that you have so graciously used. None of us is worthy. There's not a single one of us that's worthy. But we can stand before you because of the worthy one, Jesus Christ. You don't deal with us on the basis of our merits. We have none to offer. But we come to you in the name of Jesus Christ. And when we come to you in the name of Jesus is as Jesus himself coming before the throne of the father and we come in his name. We come hidden in him. And we know because of him you will bless us. one more time today as you have done in the past two days. Bless your people. I know the eyes lay there tired and I pray you'll help me to not hold them too long, but I pray you'll take over my mind and may the mind of Christ help me to be able to speak the things you want me to speak and shut my mind and my mouth from saying what you want me to speak. that at the end of this service and at the end of the meetings tonight Lord we all go out of this convention like those two on the road will email us crying out did not our hearts burn within us while you speak to us that long lives way we are all such a needy people Lord and we need you to speak to us each one of us this day one more time a long life's way and we will be careful at the end of this service and as long as you let us breath every single day of our lives we'll be careful to give you alone all the praise, all the honor and all the glory for we ask you with thanksgiving in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you and be seated. Okay, my title one more time is the from the apostles doctrine to the manifestation. really beautiful that really beautiful inspiration really beautiful and my subject inspiration I may not get to it is the purpose of church the purpose of church why we're in church at all what's the purpose because what what those people who check those things out I don't but what people who check those things out the the sociologist and all that the fact that many people in in in in the world live without a purpose They just do the things because everybody does it. Why do you go to school? Everybody goes to school. I got to go to school so I get a good job. Why do you do this? Why do you? Why do you even marry and all that? People don't know the purpose why to do that. And many of us come to church without even knowing the purpose why they come to church. For the young ones, my dad, mom, maybe want to come and they come to church and they don't even know why they're there. Even many of us adults don't know the purpose why we are in church. Amen. All right. Um, so let me just give a brief summary of the message I want to speak. Um, because I'm a bit nervous. I mean, I don't want to hold you up too long. So, just in case I didn't get to it all, I I just want to give you a bit and then I'll go back and reverse engineer and go to the go start again from the phone. And so if I had cut it off then you know what I was trying to say. Now the summary of the message in very simple words that Jesus came to show us what the father is like. And brother Pam told us that Christ is the mystery of God revealed. He said you want to understand God read the Bible. But if you don't understand what you are reading the Bible take a look at Jesus. And he said, "If you really take a look at it well, you'll see Jesus in every line of the Bible." And in Jesus Christ, you see God's message through the whole Bible. Jesus had one primary objective and which was really to show us what God is really like. He said, "I am my father and one." Amen. So if you want to see how God deals with the sinner, take a look at Jesus. You want to see how God deals with the sick man, take a look at Jesus. You want to take a look at how he deals with the prostitute, take a look at Jesus. You want to take a look at how he deals with the little children, take a look at Jesus. If you want to see how he behaves in church, take a look at Jesus. He was the express image of God. Amen. Every interaction that you and I see Jesus having with somebody is really was really an interaction between that person and God. Amen. Jesus in every interaction stayed conscious, stayed stayed committed, stayed disciplined to his calling and his purpose to ensure that every interaction that he had displayed the great father heart of God, God's great heart of love that the father had, how God is and how he treats all of his children everywhere. Whether they in sin, whether they are saved, whether they are messed up, however they shape, I can make bold to say that many people that Jesus met and interacted with, if you and I, even today with all the years of the gospel, the message, we will handle them differently. Imagine the woman caught in the very act of adultery. This was God, very God who made the laws, the rules. They said they have caught her in the very act of adultery. What is it should be said to her? Why? Why are they asking him? The watch said stone her. Why are they asking him? But Jesus to show you and I the letter kills. That was the word. But to show you that many times you interpret the word, we you and I interpret the word in a wrong way because the letter kills. But the spirit and the intent of the law that was given is what Jesus was saying. What was the spirit and the intent? This woman's done this wrong. Let's give her a chance again. Is the God of a second chance. He said, "If you are without sin, stone her. And some of them were whispering this man here, he claims righteousness. Look at him how he's dealing with sin and all that. So is that the woman politing the place breaking the law of Moes and all that? So this man is going to be false. This man said maybe he has a secret sin himself. That's why he can't really boldly talk to her. And when they finish, Jesus just told her, "Daughter, where are you?" Now watch that. Watch. He did not say, "Where are those that were saying what the Lord?" Moses said, he called them accusers. Accusers, "Where are your accusers?" Glory to God. And she said, "No man here, Lord." And now Jesus now spoke the intent, the spirit and the intent of that word, of that law, a second chance. Daughter, neither do I, God condemn thee. Go and sin no more. Make use of your second chance. Is a God of a second chance. Morning by morning, new mercies we receive. That's God. That's the great father heart of God. That's who God is. Amen. Amen. Can you say amen? [Applause] But here is where we coming. Because just as Jesus put a face on God to the world, you and I are to put a face on Jesus. That's right. So if people want to see Jesus, they should see us. Oh, hallelujah. And we should properly reflect how he handles every situation. The sinner, the backsliden, our naughty children, you know, they run you crazy, whatever. that brother, that sister in church is so whatever against the pastor, against this that whatever, how do you handle him? H how will Jesus handle him? So just like Jesus put a face on God to the world, you and I are to put a face on Jesus to the world. That's what it means. Christ in the bride. This all about God's great three-fold mystery. God in Christ. reflecting Christ. God in him reflecting God to the world. Showing God what God is like. Christ in the bride. Christ the bride reflecting Christ. Showing Christ what showing the world what Christ is like. And brother Bham that's his message. He said many of us try to do the works of Christ before the reflection of Christ is in us. So we are here to reflect him. His behavior, his works, his ways, his behavior, how he lives, how he moves, how he talks, how he behaves himself. That's what the three four mystery is all about. And that's what our churches should be. Reflecting Christ to the world. Amen. That's what our churches should be. That's what our homes should be. That's what we as individuals should be. showing the world what our father God is like. Showing the world how God behaves in every situation with sinner or saint there this churches and forgive me I don't I mean I I tried I mean I try I mean many things maybe I did in the past I mean in my early days of ministry I won't do them now. I will maybe I shouldn't say that I will if I knew then what I know now I would handle so many things differently same principle same content but just the way you go about [Applause] it so I'm not talking against you know denominational Pentecostals and all that but never did he said God has joined those places I know in the message we have you know or literally almost change those things. But I know some churches, you know, they they they call fire down upon their enemies and everybody's an enemy and all that stuff. Well, God bless them. But that's not where we're about. How God deals the the church is supposed to reflect Christ, how he would handle every situation, sinner or saint. Amen. And the home that the party son grew up in is a very very good reflection of what most of our churches are like. Message or denominational Christian. We in the message have a way of talking in a very opety manner about everybody else. But we fall far short of it. But bomb said on that walk, that walk of a Christian life, that's where we fail. That's where the church is failing. Not me saying it, the prophet saying it. Amen. And I just want to apologize up to my brothers, my minister brothers. I love respect you and I'm not talking down on you. If I sound like that, I apologize upfront. I don't mean anything like that. But I just feel in my heart that we need to our young folks need to see the gospel of the message of Malachi 4 and we haven't done a very good job about it. If you have if you have forgive me but I know me as well as a lot of other people will readily admit we haven't done a great job about it. People say when you talk like that you're making the young people feel like that whatever. Well, well, that will not make me change what the word of God says. Hallelujah. That's what we think. Many times we feel that when we preach the word of God and the love of God is the atmosphere we live in, we feel it's weak. No, the strongest force in all the world. Amen. That's the home that God loves. That's the home that God grew up in. That's what he wants my home to be, wants your home to be. That's the atmosphere he wants us to live in in our churches, in our homes, in our own lives, enjoying every day a relationship with a father who loves us unconditionally. Can you say amen? Amen. Please be seated. So that's my summary. That's my summary. So let's get the message now from the apostles doctrine to the manifestation. Brother UJ or he's not here. You are inspired to choose this. I mean I mean every minister is inspired but I'm just saying for this I don't mean he's the only one who is inspired. So um don't misunderstand me or or don't hear what I'm not saying. Okay. All right. So because this is his meeting this is meeting so inspiration we come here to support it and I feel this was very inspired and I'll explain to you and you'll understand what I'm saying as we go along. So from the apostles doctrine to the manifestation represents many things in my context from what I see in the scriptures and what brother Benam told us from here to there represents a journey represents it will take time a journey takes time it represents a process represents growth you're coming from here to there represents growth in fact this Um uh uh inspiration here from the apostles talking to the to the inspir to to the manifestation represents the process of life. The process of life from your dream to the manifestation of it from what you want to when you get it represents the pres of life itself. Amen. This thing keeps switching on me. So let's go over some scriptures and let's follow the journey of the apostles doctrine through the Bible. It's not only from where I read it in Acts 2 is all through the Bible. And then we'll see the impact the effect of preaching and being steadfast with the apostles doctrine. Amen. St. Matthew and I'm I'll try to run I'm going to read quite a few scriptures but follow me. I'm trying to show you the journey of the apostles doctrine right down to this day. St. Matthew verse 7 verse 28 and 29. And it came to pass when Jesus had ended these sayings the people were astonished at his doctrine. For he taught taught them as one having authority and not as the scribes. St. Mark 4 and:e 2 and he taught them many things by parables and said unto them in his doctrine said Mark 11 and verse 18 and the scribes and chief priests heard it and sought how they might destroy him for they feared him because all the people were asked at his doctrine. The apostles had a doctrine, but Jesus also had a doctrine. And I I'm trying to show you the doctrine of Jesus is what became the apostles doctrine. St. John 7 14 to 18. Now about the midst of the feast, Jesus went up into the temple and taught. And the Jews marveled, saying, "How not this man letters? Having never learned, he never went to any of our schools." Jesus answered unto and said unto them, "My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me." Now wait a minute. Jesus is saying what I even I'm saying here, my doctrine is not really my doctrine. In other words, the apostles doctrine was the doctrine Jesus taught. But Jesus is saying even that doctrine that I call my doctrine is not really mine. But his that sent me is a doctrine of my father that sent me. But he that sent me. Verse 17. If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine whether it be of God. There it is. Whether it be God's doctrine, or whether I speak of myself, he that speaketh of himself seeketh his own glory. But he that seeketh his glory that sent him, the same is true, and no unrighteousness is in him. So we can see right away from these three scriptures that Jesus's doctrine, his doctrine was actually the father's doctrine. It was the doctrine of God. Amen. And what's the doctrine of God? We'll get we'll get to that in a bit. Let's continue on with the journey of the apostles doctrine. We have been able to trace it back to track back to Jesus's doctrine. Hallelujah. St. John um 18 19 to 23. The high priest then asked Jesus of his of his disciples and of his doctrine. Everybody knew he had a doctrine. Jesus answered him, "I speak openly to the world. I ever taught in the synagogue and in the temple, whether the Jews always research, and in the secret have I said nothing. Why ask thou me? Ask them which heard me, what I have said unto them. Behold, they know what I said. Everybody knows what my doctrine is. Why you asking me as though it's some secret?" And when he had just spoken, one of the officers which stood by struck Jesus with the palm of his hand, saying, "Answerest thou the high priest's soul?" Jesus answered him, "If I have spoken evil, bear witness of the evil, but if well, why smitest thou me?" the apostles doctrine tracked back to the doctrine of Jesus tracked back to the doctrine of God. But if it stayed just the apostle alone, once they all died, that's the end. But let's follow the journey because I said from the apostles doctrine to the manifestation is a journey. It's a process. It's it's it's time is a it stands across time. Acts 2 and verse 42. first time in the uh acts of the apostles after Jesus left that it's spoken about and they continue steadfastly in the apostles doctrine and fellowship and in breaking of bread and in prayers that's where we read these were Jesus's disciples they had now become apostles if you if you read in your Bible I think it's Acts one or Acts Acts two or somewhere where they where they um where they they chose Matias. Then the Bible said the the Bible now switched from calling them disciples now called them apostles because now their master is gone. Now is the time for the job. Wait until you begin with power from an eye and then you can go to all the world beginning at Jerusalem, Judea, Samaria unto the uttermost parts of the earth. their nomenclature or their their their what do you call them changed from disciples just following to apostles. Now there is work to do. They were going to move into the work of the ministry. Amen. So it wasn't the disciples doctrine, it was the apostles doctrine. Amen. Acts chapter 5. We're following the journey of the apostles doctrine. Acts chapter 5. And when they had brought them, they set them before the council. And the high priest asked them, saying, did not we straightly command you that you should not teach in his in this name, the name of Jesus? And behold, you have filled Jerusalem with your doctrine, and intend to bring this man's blood upon us. In other words, they were testifying themselves that the doctrine the apostles doctrine spoke of of Jesus and his death. Somebody shed his blood. They said don't bring his blood upon us. But his doctrine, the apostles doctrine established all this. So at this point here up until now the people and the religious leaders recognize the apostles doctrine to be the same as the doctrine that the Lord Jesus Christ taught. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. Amen. Let's go on. Acts 13 6-12. And when they had gone through the aisle unto Papus, they found a certain sourc Jew whose name was B Jesus. because it was a prophet but it was false which was with a deputy of the country Sergius Paulus a prudent man who called for Barnabas and Saul and desire to hear the word of God but Elim the sorcerer for show his name by interpretation withtood them seeking to turn away the deputy from the faith then Saul who also is called Paul that's where Paul was Paul I mean was called Paul for the first time. These things matter. I think in the convention somebody has said and I can remember one of the ministers who preached here so masterfully has said that anytime something a victory is won or something goes on a name is changed. Then Saul, who is also called Paul, filled with the Holy Ghost, the apostles doctrine, set his eyes on him and said, "Oh, full of all sortility and all mischief, thou child of the devil, thou enemy of all righteousness, will thou not cease to pervert the right ways of the Lord." Now watch here. God never causes children, no matter how much they are struggling, he always has a way to make room for the prodigal son to come back home. But the people that Jesus could not stand were hypocrites like this guy here who was a false prophet who was who was manipulating the word of God for for gain. And that's why Paul spoke to him like that. Should we speak to people like that? No. But that's the purpose. This was a hypocrite. And those were the type Jesus couldn't stand. Cuz will thou not cease to pervert the right ways of the Lord? That's the operative word there. Verse 11. And now, behold, the hand of the Lord is upon thee, and thou shalt be blind, not seeing the sun for a season. And immediately there fell on him amidst any darkness. And he went about seeking some to lead him by the hand. Then the deputy when he saw what was done believed being astonished at the doctrine of the Lord. The apostles doctrine equals the doctrine of the Lord. The people themselves acknowledge that. So the doctrine of the Lord Jesus was passed on from him and preached by the apostles including Paul who was like a late comer to the fold. And with this doctrine of the Lord the apostles doctrine the doctrine of the Lord Jesus which Jesus said is the doctrine of God. With this doctrine, the apostles doctrine, the early church of Pentecost and Ephesians, they established the churches and they manifested and wrote a book of acts behind them. With this doctrine, they established the Ephesian churches, established church after church after church and manifested and wrote a book of acts behind them. And that's where this inspiration for this meeting comes in. The apostles doctrine. Amen. In other words, the apostles doctrine. From the apostles doctrine to the manifestation is the book of acts. That's right. It's the book of acts. The manifestation of the sons of God. From the doctrine to the manifestation. In between that is the manifestation of the sons of sons of God coming back placing position and authority for the voice of the archangel. Amen. So we seen the apostle doctrine in the apostles preaching it. Let's see it move from the apostles to the ministering brethren. Timothy the bishops. moved. Amen. The heart of the tree kept growing. 1 Timothy 1:3. As I besought thee to a bachelor at Ephesus when I went into Macedonia, that thou mightest judge some that they teach no other doctrine. In other words, there were people who are now preaching the apostles doctrine and some were preaching some other doctrine that they teach no other doctrine but the doctrine of the apostles which the Lord Jesus also taught. 1 Timothy verse 4:6. We're trying to see the apostles doctrine go to the ministers and then go to the people. 1 Timothy chapter 4:6. If thou put the brethren in remembrance of these things, Timothy a young minister, young man, but not like a lot of young men these days and I I say that with all respect because that's what that's why I'm so proud of brother. A lot of young men become ministers or pastors and they know everything. No, it doesn't work like that. No, life doesn't work like that. Life is a process. There are some things that come by experience. And even with experience, you don't have it all figured out because the Bible says tribulation works patience. Patience works experience. Experience works hope. And hope maketh not ashamed because of the love of God which all this process has placed in our hearts. Amen. You go from like I'm the pastor here, authority, and then you start seeing people. You start seeing things. God begins to deal with you. You are growing yourself. The love of God is growing in your heart. And you begin to see things from a different perspective. The way I handled that, if I knew then what I knew, I would have handled more with the love of God, which makes not ashamed. Oh, can you say amen? Glory. Hallelujah. The love of God which maketh not ashamed because it has been shed abroad in our hearts. Shared abroad all over covers every situation. Whether it's a prostitute, whether he's a sinner, whether he's a saint, whether they are backing, whether we have to correct them over and over and over and over, whether we are exasperated with these people, whether we are tired of this evil, we feel like kicking them out of church. Whatever the situation, the love of God has been shed abroad, it covers every situation. Glory, glory, glory, glory. [Music] 1 Timothy vers 4 and chapter 4 and verse 6. If thou put the brethren in remembrance of these things like brother got us together and we are trying to to to admonish one another with the remembrance of these things. If thou put the brethren in remembrance of these things. Paul telling this young minister, "Thou shalt be a good minister of Jesus Christ." Telling him how to be a good minister. Not just minister, you got to be a good one. [Music] How to be a good minister of Jesus Christ, nourished up in the words of faith and of good doctrine where unto thou has attained. So Paul, an apostle with a doctrine, passing it on and Timothy to pass it on. 1 Timothy 4:13, till I come, give attendance to reading, to exaltation, to doctrine. Know it for yourself. Not because the pastor said so. Know it for yourself also. 1 Timothy chapter 5 and verse 17. Let the elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honor especially they who labor in the word and doctrine not just apostles now elders up to teach or ministering brethren or other five ministers of God. 1 Timothy chapter 6 and verse one. Let as many servants as are under the yoke count their own masters worthy of all honor that the name of God that you are carrying by your doctrine and his doctrine be not blasphemed. Not your doctrine is his doctrine that's been passed on down to us. 1 Timothy chapter 6 and verse three. For a bishop must be blameless as the steward of God. Not self-willed, not soon angry. That's a bishop. That's a minister. How many times we ministers, including me, I'm when I preach, I'm preaching for myself. I'm speaking to myself. I'm talking to myself. I I want to come to a service, even when I'm preaching, I want to grow by the things I'm saying myself. What good does he do? Like Solomon said, other people's vineyard I've tended to my own vineyard. I've left I've left neglected. I've left untended to. So I'm not talking to anybody. I'm talking to me. Uh where where was I? 1 Timothy 6:3. If any man teach otherwise, and consent not to wholesome words, even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, and to the doctrine which is according to godliness, godliness. This doctrine here is putting godliness into the people. It not just doctrine. It's not just a dogma. It's not just our churches saints. It's not just our message saints. It's the doctrine of God. So it has more authority behind it than just the apostles or the ministers that you see or the prophet Malach for that you and I see is a doctrine of God. These doctrines according to godliness putting godliness into the people. That's the goal. That's the target. That's the end. Titus one Titus 1 79. For a bishop must be blameless. That's an elder, a minister as the steward of God. Not self-will. Oh, that's where I was. Not soon angry. I see. We get angry so easily. We call it righteous anger. Adam's sin fell, busted, shattered God's whole plan. Please show me in Genesis 3 any one ounce of anger that you display in God when he met this thing that Adam had shattered before him. Show me one ounce of anger. Show me one ounce of anger there. But we we we hide our weaknesses instead of facing ourselves. Say is my righteous anger. That's why the Bible knows we are wise guys. said, "Be angry, but sin not." So, separate your righteous anger from real anger and face yourself and repent. Amen. Brothers, what I'm saying is that too many times we especally we who are in leadership whether we are fathers, mothers, parents, you know, big brothers, big sisters to our younger ones or bosses on our jobs or whatever, but especially in our context in church, those of us in leadership positions in church too many times we get angry with the people unnecessarily. when we should not get angry. The is a condition for the bishop. They must not be soon angry. In other words, they shouldn't get angry so quickly. Some of us, the only way we react to anything is anger. And when we do that, you just create a toxic environment in the church where people are not free to be themselves. You say why should be why should they be themselves? They want to be like just I get that but listen a while. When people are themselves and not giving you a spruced up version of themselves, a fake version of themselves is the real person that God can walk on. But when we get this toxic environment, people are not themselves. The Holy Spirit doesn't even know what to walk on. When they are in church, they put on a suit. When they go among their friends in the world, they put on another suit. When they in their homes, they put on another suit. The Holy Spirit is confused. And we create that of the people. A bishop not soon angry. Can I hear a witness back? Amen. [Applause] For a bishop must be blameless, shout at the word of God, not selfworth, not soon angry, not given to whine, no striker, not given to filthy locker like going after money, but a love of hospitality, a a lover of good men, sober, just, holy, temperate, holding fast the faithful word as he has been taught, that he may be able by sound doctrine ing that he has go to exod to convince the gainsers. The bishop who has been taught has now pass is now passing it on down the sound doctrine of the apostles to the churches and the individual members as the doctrine of Christ the apostles doctrine. And you can go back and check it's all over there all over the Bible. You can follow you and trace it. Let me run down to second John the second epistle of John 2 John chapter 1 verse 8 and 9. Look to yourselves that we lose not those things which we have wrought but that we receive a full reward. Whosoever transgresseth and abideth not in the doctrine of Christ among the people hath not God. He breaks down for more verse 9. have not God. He that abideth in the doctrine of Christ, he hath both the father and the son. In other words, the doctrine of Christ, the apostles doctrine, not the apostles creed, the apostles doctrine puts God, who is God? The father and the son. Puts God, which is the spirit. God is the spirit. Amen. Puts God, the spirit, the father, and the son. Who is the son? The word in you. In other words, the apostles doctrine puts the spirit and the word in you. So you can write a book of acts. You can write another book of acts. Can you say amen? Amen. So here we find the the end inside the goal of the apostles doctrine to write another book of acts by the spirit and the word going together in the church in the individual. So in summary so far Jesus had a doctrine. His doctrine as we have read in so many places like I read to you. Then the doctrine of Jesus was passed on by Jesus to the apostles including Paul and it became known as the apostles doctrine. And with this doctrine, the apostles doctrine, the apostles established and built up believers and churches in that original church of Pentecost and the Ephesians church age. And then each believer in that age had the apostles doctrine passed onto them by the preaching and the teaching of the word from the apostles, from the administrators, from the elders, from the bishops. Amen. So that they will also have the father and the son. In other words, so that they'll have the word with the spirit. as second John that I just read to you chapter 1 verse 8-9 just declared. So what was the impact of the apostles doctrine in that early church? This was the impact. The apostles doctrine created a church and that church was a home. It wasn't a building where people come. It was a home for those of us who lead. Forgive me brothers. I'm talking to myself so I'm not talking like some bishop talking down. Forgive me please. I'm sorry. Forgive me. If you don't strive to create the atmosphere in our churches as though it was a home that everybody in that church will feel like going home when they're coming to church. Birth. Birth. Birth. Birth. Birth birth. Let's get real. Many of our churches are like even in our individual church in our church in Lagos. Maybe your place is different in our church. There are people who come to church and feel they're against me in this place here. And the way we preach many times make you feel like that. Everything that happens it becomes an issue for the whole church. A young man, a young woman does something wrong becomes an issue in the whole church. Some father or mother does something wrong, it becomes an issue for the whole church. And people feel they're against me here. When people feel like that, they can feel this is home. But then one of the few things I remember from medical school, don't come to me for treatment of malaria cuz I I'll tell you just drink water or something. One of the things I remember in community medicine in defining a home defines a home as a shelter. As a shelter from the elements, the sun, the wind, heat, the elements that will crush you when you run into your home, you feel safe. That's what the B that's from community medicine. I I learned that. But that's what the Bible says. The name of the Lord where he establishes in his name is a strong tower and the righteous run into it and they feel safe. Pastor, if I'm done wrong, don't spare me. Don't spare. I'm not begging to be spared. The people are not asking to be spared, but they're only asking not to speak. We we quote speak the truth in love. Yes. But what it really represent and means that speak the truth. in a way that will set free. Say if you don't take it, it's the truth that sets you free. It's true. But speak the truth in a way that will set free. So the people are not asking, they want, they love God. Maybe you have one here. I wonder we quote three kinds of believers in the church. Okay. If all the church is unbelievers, so how you going to get them to become believers? By cracking their skulls or by present them the gospel of love. Sinful man, as sinful as we are. What was the gospel? For God so loved the world that he gave his only only begotten son. I gave my son for you. Even when we were his enemies, he gave himself for us. [Applause] So the impact of the apostles doctrine. I need to run. Oh Lord, help me. It created a church home. A group of believers in one heart, one mind, one accord, all in one place. Equate a unity among them. A unity fostered by the Holy Spirit in their midst in the churches. Not a unity fostered by our ethnic connections. Amen. That's politics. Yurubas will support Tobu and all that stuff. That's politics. And you don't see anything wrong your townsman, tribes man does. That's politics. Not the house of God. Amen. This unity is frosted not because we speak the same tribal language is frosted by the Holy Spirit melting and welding our hearts together in love. A unity of the Holy Spirit. The impact of the apostles doctrine created a culture of unity, fellowship and growth. Read Acts 2 again. You will see it there. Then they that believed were together, had everything together, unity, and they broke bread from house to house, fellowship, and daily such as were ordained were added to the church. truth. The impact of the apostles doctrine fostered a culture in the churches of unity, fellowship and growth. To understand this culture of growth in the early church of Pentecost, we need to track back in time to the beginning in Eden where the apostles doctrine had its origins on the face of the earth as the doctrine of God. Just say my doctrine is not mine but his that sent me the doctrine of God. It always comes back to Genesis. Comes back to Eden. What is the doctrine of God? What is doctrine? This doctrine according to godliness. What is the doctrine of God? What was it? Genesis 1:26 27 28. Let us make man in our own image. That's the doctrine. That is doctrine of God. The word and the spirit. That was word. And then God the spirit came and formed man into his own image. Created man into his own image. And you had a man in the image of God with a seed in him to be fruitful, multiplied, replenished, subdue, dominate. That's the doctrine of God. Let us make minor image. It was a doctrine at or a doctrine that was targeted at creating godliness in man. The doctrine according to godliness. So this gospel of godliness is not a new thing. It's not a new thing. That was way back before the foundation of the world in God's heart. But when it came on the face of the earth, the same doctrine, same gospel, the doctrine of God was aimed at creating godliness in man so that man can reveal and reflect God on the earth, his love, his goodness, his grace, his loving kindness, his power and great glory. The origin of the apostles doctrine, the doctrine of God in Eden. What was the doctrine? Genesis 1:28. I say it again. Let us make man in our image. From the doctrine to the manifestation, the doctrine was there. Let's make man. And then the doctrine actually started to create a man in the image of God. And by Genesis 1:28, you had the man, the forming of the word image. Let us make man in our image doctrine first, the doctrine of God and then not just empty words began to create and form the word image in the man. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. But we're not done yet. He has not manifested yet. God was still a spirit man. A spirit, Jesus said, have not flesh and bones as ye see me have. In other words, you can see a spirit, but this needs to be seen. So Genesis 2:7, the what image was anointed by the spirit. The spirit created the word image. And then the spirit came right back and anointed the word image into flesh. That's what it means. God formed man off of the flesh of the ground and the spirit it breathe the breath of God. The spirit of God breathe into his nostrils. Not amoya, the spirit of God, the breath of life. And man became a living stone, a living soul. And that man stood on the face of the earth. There is your man. There's your manifested son from the doctrine through the process of creating the word image through the process of anointing the word image into flesh to a manifested son turning on two feet on the face of the earth from the apostles doctrine to the manifestation from the doctrine of God to the manifestation the manifested sons of God on the earth adoption time can you say amen [Applause] So just to summarize again in Eden between the doctrine of God which became later known as the apostles doctrine between the doctrine of God and the manifestation Adam in Genesis 2:7 between that God created Adam a mature fully grown man a manifested son of God and it was all by the spirit of God taking the it from the doctrine to the forming of the word image was by the spirit of God God is a spirit and God formed men in his own image Genesis 1:28, God, the spirit formed him. And then Genesis 2:7, the spirit, God breathed into his nostrils and formed him from the dust of the ground. It was the spirit doing all of this. Glory. So in Eden, between the doctrine and the manifestation, God manifested what created Adam, a mature, fully grown man, a manifested son. And it was all about the spirit of God. Amen. Adam was created perfect, fully grown because I'm trying to show you I said we'll track back to understand the culture of growth that we have in our church or we should have in our churches. the culture of growth that should be a focus when we are ministering the word like Ephesians 4:15 says until we that we are growing up into him in all things is a charge the ministry have for the work of the min for the edifying of the body of edify is to build up to grow up something that's our job to grow the people to build them up not knock them down. Build them up. Adam was created fully grown. So he had no need for growth. He was quy mature, fully grown. But when he fell in sin, he fell from the mature adult son that he was. And because he fell representing all men because by one man sin came into the world. One Adam fell from that height of full perfect maturity fell. All men fell as and if by one man sin came into the world even so Paul said in Romans even so by one man righteousness is imputed unto all. So Adam represented you and I. But God did not please Adam. He gave you and I a chance to rise up from the ground. And once Adam fell from sin, he fell from that place of growth. That's where God incorporated into the process. God, I will try again. I will come right back again. That's why he's the God of a second chance. That's where God incorporated growth into the process. That's why for us from the apostles doctrine to the manifestation, there's a growth process involved. So when Adam fell, God incorporated growth into the process so that Adam's race, you and I, could once more once more grow back into the position of sunship that Adam had before the fall. Growth back into maturity. Growth growth back into sunship. Growth. That's the primary purpose. The church is set up for the purpose of church. Ephesians 4. [Applause] [Music] Ephesians 4 verse 15. But speaking the truth in love, we may grow up into him in all things which is the head even Christ. Adam was like Christ because it was the first it was the first Adam. I mean I mean Adam the first Adam was like Christ and Christ came the second Adam the real person the real Jesus Christ and we are only trying to grow back into that spot. Amen. And that's what the church is for. Church is the place of growth. Church is where people come for to find growth. Amen. Growth back into maturity and sunship. That's the primary purpose and the reason the church of Jesus Christ was set up for growth growth back into all that Adam lost. Amen. Amen. H Adam lost the fall. Amen. The things that the doctrine of God put into him, he didn't have to grow, but he lost it all. And we are to grow back. The church is set up like a garden of Eden to where the people can be grown back by the apostles doctrine into the full stature of Jesus Christ. So they'll come right back to the spot of sunship and authority that Adam had before the fall. And so since the fall, the church has had to grow into all of these things. But until Jesus came even this growth was not possible they will go and back go and back. That's why even the great ones in the old testament Abraham you had some stuff of blight on them um David and you know Solomon and all of them the growth wasn't possible like that until Jesus came. God was the second Adam is one that's going to show us the way back to this growth and God is stuck together. That's the atmosphere where this growth is going to take place. Not in your job, not in your school, but in the house of God in a community of believers. Oh, I think I should skip all these. Oh my. It's been about one already. Wow. All right. So, question. So, what are these things that Adam had which the doctrine of God gave him but which he lost and the church now has to grow back into? Of course, you know them. The three things that Adam lost. Eternal life number one. Amen. And in his eternal life, it taught the other two things. Fellowship with God and an inheritance. Amen. in his eternal life. These three things which Adam lost at the four were the things that the doctrine of God put into him. And they are the same things that the apostles doctrine is placing back into the bride of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. In Eden, the doctrine of God. Amen. eternal life, fellowship with God, and an inheritance in his eternal life. He lost all that. But before he lost it, how did it operate in Eden? So you see the love of God that governed and operated as the apostles doctrine then known as the doctrine of God was in operation in Eden. God himself operating this. Amen. Hallelujah. The doctrine of God created a love union between God and his children. What was that? Giving them eternal life. And in that union, they reflected his image to the world. Let's make man in our image. They had the eternal life of God in them. And they revealed the life of God that was in them. In all of their interactions, I told you earlier, Jesus in all of his interactions reflected God. In all of their interactions, Adam with his wife Eve, their interactions with God, the interactions with one another, the interactions with the world, the animals, all nature, they reflected and revealed the eternal life of God that was in them. Whether they were relating to God or relating to one another or relating to the animals, the world around them, the plant life, the the sea and all nature around them, they demonstrated and revealed the preeminences of God in all their interactions and relationships. When we talk of God, we just we want to pre want to cast out devils and all that. That's very true. But the preminence of God also is like grace to the sinner. The preminency of God is no matter how evil they are, the grace of God just like we were evil and grace return when I was lost and undone without God or his son still a reach out for me. The preeminencies of God. Glory. [Applause] Glory. I'll try to find a place to wind down. I see I'm boring you. I'll try to find they demonstrated the eternal life they had in them by the love relationship they have with God. Their relationship with God was one of love. Many of us who are here today are saved. But we don't have a love relationship with God. We have a fear relationship with God. No, I'm not asking you. I'm telling you. If your children, natural children, all the relationship they have with you is they fear you so much you don't have a relationship. [Applause] And we have this fear relationship with God many times and we claim a relationship with God. No, that's not God. But Adam and Eve had a love relationship with God. It was like their church. Every evening in the cool of the evening, God will come down. Adam, they'll sit down and have a fellowship together. They'll have chat and father and son together. How many of you can sit down? How many of us including me can sit down with our son and our daughter and we can have a conversion like that? I get your home there. Means I shouldn't go there, right? All right. Or how many of us pastors, let's bring that home or ministers can have a fellowship with the children, young people in church as our children have a conversation with them. How many of us can do that? That was the home God had. It was an atmosphere of love. It was a home that love built. Love will be our home. That's the home God created for Adam and Eve. Because the essence of God is love. But we see love as weak or we see like God has love. No, God doesn't have love. You have love. God is love. [Applause] God can behave any other way but by love. God cannot get angry unnecessarily but you can because you have love. You are not love. I am not love. Oh brother, let me try and find a place right now. [Applause] God and Adam had a church in Eden and Eve came along later and joined them in that church. You know what that church was? Know what that church was? The general assembly of the firstborn church. I'm not making that up. That's in the Bible. You are not come unto Mount Zion, but to the city of the living God. You haven't come to a man that cannot be touched, but to the general assembly of the firstborn. That's the church that Adam and Eve and enjoy with God their father as the pastor. It was a church full of love. The love of God when love is there sin can stay there. The people themselves run to the altar to make their lives right. Come on. Many of us in authority, people come to confess what they have done wrong, then we just wait for the bully pulpit. Forgive me. Forgive me. Sunday morning bully proit. You are breaking the head. How dare you? You did not know. You did not know. The spirit of God convicted him or her and came to tell you. Why bully them any further and and become an accuser? Like Jesus told the woman, "Where are your accusers?" [Applause] This is not a bully proit. is an altar of incense where the believers come and prayers and supplications are made for them. A sweet smelling saber to God. Lord, my son, my daughter in the church, in the assembly, the father, the mother, whoever they have seen, Lord, forgive them. Lord, they need this. Help them. Do this for them. You know a God of love answers you. Faith is not by nashing your teeth. The Bible said faith workketh by love. When you know this God loves you, he said till he gave you his only begotten son, how shall he not with him freely give us all [Applause] things? That's why that's why you don't need any bulldog faith to get faith for healing. Faith works by law. You just need more love of God in your heart. As a father, if your child was ill and you had the power to make them well, would you make them well or not? Jesus said, "If ye then being evil know how to do good things to your children, how much more will your father in heaven do good things to his children. When they are sick, he will heal you. If you went through that prayer line yesterday, you were healed already. Brother Abraham said just hands to be laid on you. Not even the Gentiles. Just just speak the word. It's the Jews that need hands laid upon them. But that's how where they were. Adam and Eve have a collision with their father. That was church. And the father will say, "Son, today this is the message." Say, "Daddy, I don't really understand this here." And he will explain to him say, "All these years I've been preaching this for years, you don't understand that." No. You will explain to him again and tell him again. Say, "Oh, I get it. I get it." Because you want your son to have the word for themselves. That's where their victory lays. This is the victory that overcomes the world. even our faith. You don't get upset. They don't get it quickly. You try and try and try and try again. Brother said, "How many times I've preached and I go back after the sermon to go back and pray for the people over and over that they'll get it." You may be seated. Oh my. Let me turn white off. Glory. So in Eden, the love relationship between God and the God and his children, that was the home, that was the church home. And then they demonstrated his pre-minencies by the love relationship they they had between one another, husband to wife, revealing to the war what their father was like in his relationships. They were only demonstrating the essence of God being the God of love. Everything that Adam and Eve did, every move was a display of the love of God. Can we say that much about ourselves? The love of God was their constant and everpresent motivation. Not so I've been seen as a strict minister or as no nonsense, but just the love of God exuding. The love of God will correct every wrong. Even before you say one word, we'll be standing talking like this. All of a sudden, just the prince of love will calm down. And all that's wrong, all that's evil, we will be taken out. The prince of love come down. The sick comes there. But the B just said the man, I looked at him. I felt so sorry for him. It would be like my father's age. I put my foot with you to see. He was barefooted. And just as I'm doing that, the love went to work. And the man's blood has popped open. Say, I can see. I can see it. Love without hands been laid upon them. The greatest force in all the world. Like pastor read this morning. 1 Corinthians 13. The love of God. The love of God that even the minister, the pastor, the father, the son, the husband is not embarrassed to confess and apologize to his wife. [Applause] Wife is not embarrassed to to apologize to her husband. father is not afraid or embarrassed or feel arrogant to apologize to their daughter to their son because brother Brandham who had this apostles doctrine that he passed down to us there he was he broke into rudely into the territory of the wild bear and the wild bear charged at him how dear you I don't care you are you are prophet what I don't care who you are and people say I don't care which pastor I don't care but your father send them your way and brother Brennham the B was coming it was sure certain death and the thought struck him if I'm going to die I'm not going to go to my lord a coward I'll walk bravely to my grave but listen this is what it is love dropped down because that was his motive all the time love dropped down said, "I'm the one that's wrong. I'm the one that broke into his territory." And said, "Mr. Bull, I am so sorry. Please forgive me. I came to disturb your peace. I'm sorry. Please forgive me. But I'm passing through your territory to go pray for my sick brother. Please, I'm so sorry. But go and sit down and let me pass through." And the bull jar and all of a sudden the power of love, the power of love stopped that bullet dead in his tracks. And he just hit his heel and just went and sat down. Oh, the power of love will always break through. It will break through every devil, every spirit. It will break through sex, fornication, pornography. It will break through every filthy devil. The power of love, he made a road in the wilderness. And the power of Lord broke through. The power of Lord will break through any time. Amen. And amen. Amen. Oh brother. Oh [Applause] brother. The prophet could apologize to an animal any man without a soul. How about daddy apologizing to the son? Sure, the son is wrong, but what brother did was he showed us a very basic principle. What did I contribute to get this situation here going? I broke into his territory. What did I contribute? Maybe I screamed when I should just say a few words and he got that person riled up and bam owned up. I contributed this to I am sorry. He went to the be honest. He was walking and unknowingly. So I did not know. Babban did not know. He broke the be and the beast charged at him. Same thing. The love of God came down. I'm the one that broke into the territory. They they have every right to charge at me like that. And he said, "Bes, I'm so sorry. I broke into your territory. Forgive me. I'm sorry." I mean, that looks cuckoo. It looks almost cuckoo. Yes. And the beast understood the language of forgiveness. [Applause] They understood I am sorry coming from a genuine heart. Parents, we're not too big to apologize to our children if you if you have wronged them in any way. Whether their behavior was right or wrong. No, there's a proper way to do things. The Bible said be angry but sin not. You can get angry at them but don't sin doing it. When you are shouting shouting shouting they only hear the they only hear the voice of your shouting and not even the content of what you are saying. That's being angry and sinning. Abraham can appear to be to animals. We can apologize to our children. The pastor can apologize to the church. The husband can apologize to his wife. The wife can apologize to the children one to another. Doesn't the Bible say so? Submit yourselves one to another. Don't always want to have your way. Let me close out. [Applause] Hallelujah. Oh my. Adam lost this loving church home. Loving relationship with a loving God. A loving home ruled by the love of God that the doctrine of God, the apostles doctrine helped him to create. He lost the spoken word control of nature that he displayed under the love of God controlling all nature. He lost all this. And Jesus came to die and pay the price for our redemption and get back all of these things that Adam lost so that once more man no longer may die. Man can reveal what God is really like to the world. Sure, Jesus came to do all this, came to heal the sick, whatever. for the to to die for us. But the essence of it all was he came to reveal to us what God was like. That's why Jesus came. This is Christmas season. That's why he came to reveal to us what God really truly is like. Oh my. That was his doctrine. Let us make man our image. He preach that doctrine of God so men and h and women can come into the image of God like Adam and Eve did. And by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, he passed the doctrine of God onto the disciples who later became known as apostles. But after a while, it was lost again. The dogma of the apostles are lost again. The story for creeds and dogmas. You know the story until God had sent again. Malachi, God said, I will restore. See the Lord and God sent Malachi 4 with the end time message of the seven seals and the seven thunders to restore the church back to the doctrine of the apostles which is the doctrine of the Lord Jesus Christ which is the doctrine of God. What's the doctrine? the doctrine which is according to godliness to put godliness back in you to put God the father and the son the word and the spirit back into you and I to reflect the preeeminences of God to the world to reveal him to the world like Paul said God reveal when he pleased God to reveal his son in me to reveal his son in you and I by his seven spirits is perfect seven perfect spirits living and manifesting in and through your life like Adam did, like the early bride of Pentecost did. And as with Adam at the beginning, the journey from the doctrine of God which became known as the apostles doctrine to the manifestation of the sons of God. In between will create sons of God in the image of God with the word of God anointed into their flesh. So they can say like Jesus said, I and my father are one. the word of God anointed into your flesh, you become the very manifestation of the word of God itself from the apostles doctrine to the manifestation. And you write another book of acts behind it. In closing, in closing, let's bring all of this home. Amen. To us today as we are fixing the close. Oh my. In order to qualify as a church at all, any group of believers must have a doctrine. You can't be a church if you don't have a doctrine. You got to have a doctrine. And we don't have to search for a doctrine. It was given to us. In other words, every church must have a doctrine or it's not a church. Yes. It's just a group of people together. To be a church, that group of believers must have a doctrine. What is the doctrine? It's not dogma. Not just words. The doctrine is what that church believes. Its belief, its guiding principles, what it teaches, what the minister, the pastor, what they teach in that church, what that church stands for. And what they stand for that guides and shapes its world view, its perspective, what dictates the doctrine is what dictates and shapes and guides the way the believers in that church live and conduct their lives. That shapes their focus and their aspirations in life. It guides them, controls them. The darkness that shapes the way they see things, the way they view things, the way they view all of life in general. So from what I said, it's very easy to understand and did come to the conclusion that the doctrine of a church, what that church believes and teaches will do a few things. Number one, it will dictate how that church lives and operates. Number two, it will dictate how the people that make up that church individually, how they live and operate because the doctrine is passed on down from God to Jesus to the apostles to the ministers to the people. and the doctrine. We live every time by what we believe. What we believe is what God sees. How we act on the outside. Our behavior is what man sees. And our behavior is a large part of this thing here, friends. In other words, the doctrine of a church dictates the culture of that church. Now when I say culture, people running away culture, culture, culture, tradition, tradition. No, listen. Listen. Every church must have a doctrine. And then the doctrine gives to that church a culture which is its guiding principles for living. And culture is simply how we live. That's what culture is. Culture is not nothing evil. Your culture can be fetish but culture simply means how we live. In our church here LFCA on Sunday morning we open doors at 10. We start service at 10:30 or whenever. That's our church culture. In our church in Lagos, we open the doors at 9:00 with Saturdays at 10:00. That's our church culture. In your church, you have lost opera every Sunday of the month or every first Sunday of the month. That's your culture. The way you live, the way you do things. Culture doesn't have to mean the fetish guy in the village. No, culture is simply the way we live. Culture is simply how we treat one another, how we treat each other. Culture is how we do things. Our culture is try to be decent and respectful. That's our culture. Culture is how we treat one another, how we do things. Culture is what behavior is acceptable among us and what behavior is not acceptable. That's our culture. Culture don't mean evil. Culture don't mean you know babalaw or what do they call diia? Doesn't mean diia. No, culture doesn't mean that. Culture mean the way we do things. All right. I'm so sorry. Okay, I'm I'm stretch stressing you, but I'm almost done. The early church lived by the doctrine of the apostles, and that doctrine and belief guided and shaped every area of their lives. To them, the apostles doctrine was more than just words. It was the guiding principle that they committed and by discipline live their lives by. And that created a culture of fellowship. They fellowship from house to house created a culture of unity. They had all things common and created a culture of growth. They were those was we say why did they church daily? A culture of unity, fellowship, growth. That's what our churches should be. Taken from that example. Oh brother. Amen. Amen. And so we can see very clearly that the apostles doctrine fostered a culture of fellowship, unity and growth. Felt fellowship and unity, one mind, one accord in the church were essential ingredients. Listen to this. Then they that believed, the Bible say they that believed were all with one accord together so they could grow. Yes. Maybe why our young people are unruly and they don't grow is because we who are the leaders don't create this culture of unity and fellowship in our assemblies. Because if the acts of the apostles church with Peter, all of them that met Jesus that were that ministered were ministered to by Jesus. If those people knew that they needed to have a culture of unity and fellowship for the new believers to grow, maybe that's where the problem is. Maybe we're not fostering this culture of unity and fellowship in our not outside, not church to church, in our own churches alone. Maybe it's not so much the young people who have a problem after all. Maybe it's me, the pastor, that has a problem. Maybe it's us, the leadership that has it. Maybe it's the deacons that have a problem. Maybe maybe maybe it's the young people themselves. Maybe brother Billip as any young man growing up he had challenges because brother Billip from like 14 15 was brother Bham didn't get a chance to you know to swing and paint the town red like other young people and he didn't have an experience with Christ young people have an experience with Christ don't want to paint the town red like that but have an experience but the angel I want Billy Paul to walk with you and so Billip literally gave everything up to walk with his father, college, everything work with his father and when Bill was in his later years like in the in his 30s 40 said daddy why am I feeling like I want to go and play ball like a teenager and all but mom said what it is you did not d that didn't wear out of you didn't do that when you were supposed to die that's where why it's like that for you so don't be mad at yourself but Billy Paul himself told the story one time that when he this youthful thing in him was just worldly and he was in brother Bham's house in in in Jeff for those of you who've been in Jeff you've seen the house that's is that house I think so I'm not sure I think so I'm not very sure don't quote me about that but I think so I'm not exactly sure so believe Paul said when daddy has going to sleep he will go out through the window and go to town to to his friends and do whatever just like his child growing up wrong, filthy, ungodly. So one day and he will come back and go through the window and go back to his room and the morning he's lying down, daddy is sleeping to see him and say like, "Oh, believe Paul was here all night." But he wasn't. So this particular day while he was coming in and he had to pass through the sitting room to go to his room. Here was brother Bham in the sitting room and said Billy come here son I need to talk with you. So it's not that we I'm saying you don't correct sin. No God his essence is love. He cannot stand sin but doesn't do it the way you and I do it. And brother Brandham said Billy son s said son you know God gave me this house and we live in this house the way he wants. This lifestyle you are having it will not be honoring to god to be displaying that kind of life in this house here. You are old enough son you don't have to live here but if you must live here you can't live this way. He didn't scream, shout and like what kind of things don't you know I'm pastor don't I'm prophet nothing like that that's so focused on you that just focus on how you will look like I'm I'm not talking about you that's what the Bible says our parents corrected us for their own good but God for our own good and that's what the man was doing believe you can't live this way it's not honoring to Jesus but if you must live this way that's fine but you can't do it under this roof so you have decide son you want to stay here you change this lifestyle you don't want to stay here that's fine you can go anywhere and Paul said dad I'd like to go out I I can't stay I'd like to go and mom says no problem son and said Billy Paul just know that here I am here I am son when you're tired you want to come back home you can always come and here I am I stand here at the foot of the us. [Music] And brother Bam stretched out both arms like that and said, "Son, this way here leads to righteousness. This way here leads to destruction, but when you're a child, you can come." I believe Paul said, "Dad, I want to have a good time." And he left and went to stay with his grandmother. And you and I will say the grandmother took her took him. Granny, what? What? What? None of that. I mean, and Jefferson is a small town. Everybody knows everybody. Even in 1980, 1980, 15 years after brother Vanam, I was in Jeff and and with brother Ayo, brother Jasmine was taking us around and we entered a a a I think a Ponderosa steakhouse or somewhere and and brother I mean the the the elderly woman there saw Brother J said, "Oh, you are Billy Brham's son-in-law, right?" And by just said yes, everybody knew everybody. So one of these days, Billy Paul was in a night out having a good time and somebody said, "You are Billy Bramson, right?" He said, "No, I'm not." And he said, "Because the way I'm living, I'm not worthy to be called a son. What I'm doing is not honing to my father." Said, "No, I'm not." Long story short, one of the days believe Paul went to the tabernacle. staggered to the tabernacle and the mission went on and Bill's testimony himself I heard his testimony himself he gave himself not he has believe Paul said this himself is staggered to the altar to give his life back to God and while he was at the altar a deacon who loved him and love so much ran to be beside Billy Paul and knelt down by him and was talking to him you know how we do he was talking to him was talking to Billy Paul talking to him talking to him talking to him brother Bham called for that deacon Billy Paul's testimony bam called for that deacon and brother Bam told him like not because he's my son don't talk to him. He said no. Bam said you know what just like Jesus did with the woman. Said you know what God is dealing with him. God brought him here himself. We didn't go big him. God brought him here himself. We talked too much many times. He said let God deal with him. And the deacon left Billy Paul alone. See what happened? There was Billy Paul. The love of a father. Billy Paul young man had a smoking habit and was going with and the angel and he was feeling so condemned am I living this life that's how many of these people feel that we are bashing like that no I'm not saying correct sin but did I just told you examples but how much sweeter if God the love of God himself will deal with the people I believe Paul was with brother Benham with brother Bham and he was feeling so condemned while brother Bam was driving driving on he had some a pack of cigarettes in his pocket and when he thought brother B wasn't looking he took that pack of cigarette he was feeling so condemned so condemned wasn't about like that son you are disgracing me none of that just let the love of God show reflecting revealing God to the world to your family to your children to everybody And believe Paul wasn't looking was looking. He took the pack of cigarette out and and the car he he it wasn't like now when every car is air condition those times many of the cars didn't have any air conditioning or anything. He it he it he took the he took the part out of his of his of his pocket when he b wasn't looking and he threw it out through the window and when they drove a few of brother Bam said son I understand what's going on. He said, "Billy, I know. I saw what just happened." Well, we said, "Dad, I I didn't know you saw." Said, "I saw, son. I understand what's going on." And he said, "Dad, I'm just so bound by this. I don't know what to do." Said, "Don't worry, son. Let's turn back around." So, Babam turned the car back around and went to that spot where Billy Paul had thrown the cigarette. Pocket of cigarette. I know what it was. The packet of cigarette was was where he threw it out was hanging at a place where the trees made the sign of a cross and brother Brennham went with Paul there and said son this will never trouble you [Applause] again love dropping down with our hands being laid on love will cast out evil spirits will cast out sex, filthiness, ungodliness. We'll make the short capsule go down. Wipe off the lipsticks and all the, you know, filthy stuff that these young folks put on their faces these days. Don't hear what I'm not saying. I'm not saying don't correct wrong or sin. I'm just saying how we do it. Let love be our the love of God. Come on now. Unconditional be our motivation. Amen. That's what our churches should be like so that we can create the love of God was there to give the apostles do the doctrine of God. And that love created man in his image. And that love anointed the body image into man's flesh. But many of our churches are like the home the prodigal son grew up in his organist. Oh love of God, how rich and poor, how rich and pure, how measurless, how strong, it shall forever more endure. Is the same song that saints and angels sing. Angels never needed redemption, but they can acknowledge the love of God. Oh [Music] hallelujah. The prodigal son is home. The father like God. This son came to him. Give me what matters to me. And the father gave him and he went and destroyed everything. But he never forgot in my father's house. The equality of love in that house. And what the father did? We have young people who are backing in our churches. Some of them are still sitting there. Some of them have gone out. That father taught a lesson and that was God. Always make room for the prodigal son to come back home. Always make room for the prodigal son to come back home. Don't be that when they come to church once that's when you are bashing their sin and all that stuff. Let God deal with them. Hallelujah. Preach the engrafted word to save their souls. Hallelujah. But the prodigal son was so messed up the father wasn't there. But the love of God, the blood hound was after him and got him to a corner one day said, "I've had enough. I've as why should I keep on living like this in my father's house, our church home, my parents' home? my church home where the the pastor, the ministers, the deacons, even hired servants, visitors who don't belong in that home, they they get more love than I'm getting here being treated this way here. I will arise. I will go to my father. I'll say, "Father, I have sinned before you and against [Music] heaven." But the father had kept looking for his son. It wasn't about you were rude to me, you were nasty, you did this. None of that. That's pettiness. When we do that, we are not worthy the name of leadership. [Music] And when the father saw him, he saw his son coming. The father ran quickly to meet his son. And the son is wondering, "Did he forget what I did or what's going on here?" He said, "Father, I'm not worth because your son said, "No, you always were a son. Nothing ever changes that. You'll always be my son. You are my son. You will always be my son. Messed up, broken, filthy, you will always be my son. Come on, let's make a feast and let's let's let's My son who was lost has come back home. The prodigal son has come back [Music] home. But there are many of us, like I heard somebody say recently, many of us in the church are not prodigal sons, unsaved. We're saved but we are prodigal brothers. The prodigal son was so far away from his father's loving embrace from his father's love. Same way many of us in the church whether we are ministers, pastors, deacons, father, mother, brother, sister, we have never entered into the loving embrace of a loving father. Our relationship with God is not one of love. It's one of fear. We wake up in the morning, we are afraid of God. We are afraid of him in the morning, in the afternoon, in the night. No, that's not love. That's a stressful relationship. And the body girl brother girl away from the loving embrace of his father. He was a brother. And when he came, he saw them rejoicing over a lost sinner. He said, "What's going on here? This filthy boy that did all these filthy things, what what's gone wrong with that? that for real this boy that did all of these things here and you throw the carpet open for him like that. The father said, "Son, this your brother was lost. Let's rejoice." Said, "Rejoice. All the filthy things he did, look at me. I've been here with you. I never broke your law." That's what he thought. He thought he needed to earn God's approval. He needed to earn God's commendation. He needed to earn it as not broken your law. That's not a relationship. That's not a relationship. If your wife has to win your approval every day, that's not love. If your children have to be real every day, that's not love. When they do wrong, when they do bad, they are still your children. I'm not saying what they did is good, but this is the love of God. that conquers all, that covers all filth and multitude of iniquities and sin. He said, "Son," he said, he said, "I've been here with you. You never did this for me. You never killed a five car for me." And the father say, "Son, that's the problem. You've been in the church all so long. You've even preached, minister, pastor, but you've never come into the loving embrace of a loving father God that I am to where it's not what you do that wins my approval. It's because of Jesus who won my approval. A man approved of God. That's why you are approved of God. Not because you could never do a thing that will win my approval. And son, don't you know I didn't kill a cow for you and all that? Don't you know, son? If you embrace my love, you'll know that what you have, what I have is yours. All that I have is yours. Didn't you understand that, son? When you come into this loving relationship with God, you'll know your father's unconditional love. Everything he has is yours. his power, his grace, his glory to heal, to deliver, to set free, to save from your sin and deliver you and make you a new from the apostles doctrine to the manifestation of the sons of God where burn sons, real sons will come back and their word is back. God bless you. [Music] How measure. Close your eyes and raise your hands. Oh, how strong it shall forever more and dear. The saints and gels. Could we withk we with the oceans fill the ocean feel? And while the skies of parchment made the sky of pment made, why every man every man on heaven and every man is cry by train. every man. Oh, ascribe thy strength to write the love of God above. Write the love of God above. would rain in the old shine dry the scroll. All good the scroll. Contain the hope. Contain the home. Those stretch from sky. Oh to sky. The love of God. The love of God, how rich and pure, how measulous, how measure it shall for it shall forever fur more [Music] endure the saints and shall sing song. Oh love of God. Oh love of God. Oh how rich and pure. Oh how meantless. Oh and strong it shall forever more endure. name shall fall. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise today. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be your holy name. Oh, the love of God. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Give us that love today. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, one more time. The love of God. Oh, how rich and pure, how measureless and strong in more [Music] end [Music] song. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, I want to be more like you, Jesus. Oh, every hand lifted. I want to be more like you. Oh, I want to be a vessel by you. God, want to be more like you. Oh, I want Oh, I want to be more like you. Oh, Jesus. Oh, I want to be more like you. Oh Lord, I want to be a blessed by you. And I want to be more like, oh, with all your heart, oh yes, Lord, I I want to be more like you, Jesus. Oh, I want to be more like you. I want to be. Oh, I want to be a vessel. You work through and I want to be more. Oh, if you believe it, sing with all your heart. Oh, one more time. Say, I I want to be more like you. Oh Jesus, I I want to be more like you. Oh, I want to be Lord. I want to be a messenger by you. I want to be more like. Oh, give the Lord praise right now in this place this morning. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, I want to be like you. Oh, to you, Lord. Oh, I want to feel this way. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Oh, I want to be like Jesus. Oh, help me to live like Jesus. Help me to walk like Jesus. Help me to talk like Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Is that your prayer today? Oh, hallelujah. Is that your cry today? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let me leave you this morning. Oh, I want to be [Music] born. I want to be. Oh, just like you. I want to be. I want to be. Oh, just like you. Oh, just like you. Just like you. Oh, just like you. Oh, just like Oh, let's take it up. Hallelujah. Oh, I want to be Oh, just like you. Lift hand and say, "I want to be." Oh, I want to be just like you. Oh, just like, oh, just like you. Just like you. Just like I want to be just like I want to love. I want to love. Oh, just like Oh, lift your hand and sing with me. I want to love. Oh, just Oh, just like Oh, just like you. Just like you. Just like you. Oh, just like Oh, one more time. Oh, I want you all. Oh, just like you. Oh, I want you all. Oh, just like you. Oh, just like you. Oh, just like you. Oh, just like you. Oh, just like. One more time. I want to live. I want to live. Oh, just like you. Oh, I want to live just like you. Just like. Oh, how many want to be like him today? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just like you. Just like you. Oh, just like you. Give the Lord a shout of praise today. I want to be more like you. I want to be Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I want to forgive like you. I want to walk like you. I want to love. Love my enemies. Love those that hate me. Love those that dispute me, despitefully use me, and persecute me so that my son in heaven might be glorified. Oh, though I am hated, though I am despised. Oh, you still have love. Love for your brother, love for your sister, love for your enemies. No matter what they did to you, you can forgive. Father, forgive them. They know not what they do. Oh, give me that light of love today. I want to be like Jesus. I want to walk like Jesus. I want to talk like Jesus. Somebody help me say amen. Somebody give the Lord a shout of praise. Oh, hallelujah. I want to live. Oh, forget about myself. I deny myself. I deny my own abilities. Spread me out. Let me die on the altar. Oh, let Christ live in my heart today. Oh, is that your desire? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, just like Oh, one more time. Oh, just like you. I want to be I want to be as strong. Just I want to be Lord. I want to be Lord. Just like you. Just like you. Oh, just like just like you. Just like you, Lord. Just like you. Can we give the Lord a praise offering today? How many appreciate the tape? Amen. How many appreciate Pastor Olu? Amen. What a message today. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. My God. My God. What a message today. If I could get that title again they had. Amen. From the apostles doctrine to the manifestation. What a message today. You appreciate the Lord and appreciate what was spoken in spite of God. We believe it this morning. Amen. With all our hearts, let's just bow our heads now and we want to pick up the tying offering and offer a word of prayer for it. Amen. We love the Lord. Amen. Um I love him because he first loved me. He can give me a key for that as we get ready to pray. Amen. God bless you. Almighty God, we thank you Lord Jesus. Lord for your goodness and your mercy today, Lord. And thank you for your word spoken to our hearts. And Lord, we are grateful this morning. Lord, we come bringing ti offering into your house, dear God. Bring these offerings before you, Lord Jesus. And we pray that you would come. You would bless it, Lord. And you would, Lord, bless your people that give and bring these offerings in this morning. May you provide for them, Father, today, Lord, and open your windows of blessings to them, Father. bless them in a special way. Bless your ministry, dear God, as we continue in your love, Lord. Father, Lord, may your anoint bless these things, Lord. We commit them into your hands, Jesus Christ's precious name. Amen. And amen. Praise God. And I love him. Oh, I love him. Because he first love [Music] me. Oh, and burn his [Music] smile. Salvation on God. and [Music] free. Oh, one more time. I love you. Oh, and I love him. Oh, I love him. me because he first love me. Oh, and just my [Music] salvation. Oh, God. [Music] He's free. Oh, one more time. I love you. Oh, I love him. Oh, yes. I love him because he love me. [Music] Oh, she's my salvation. Oh, you can [Music] reach. Oh, I give him praise right where you are. Hallelujah. Oh, oh, we thank you for your love, Lord. Thank you for your mercy, Father. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, you've drawn us to yourself. Oh, teach us to love, Lord. That we may draw others to you as I love you. Oh, you go so likewise. And love your enemies. Do good to them that hurt you. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Freely I have received. Freely do you give. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. One more time. I love him. Oh, and I love him. Oh yes, I love him because love me. Oh, just [Music] my salvation all [Music] kind. Oh, let's praise him. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We love you, Lord. Oh, we love you, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, salvation. Yes, Lord. Oh, how many love the Lord today? Amen. How many thank God for his presence? Amen. Hallelujah. How many feel his anointing? Praise God. Amen. Praise God. We're so happy today. I really love what brother Olu spoke to us by way of this message. And uh you can keep playing softly. We're getting ready to close out. And it's so practical. It's just things that we can do. Things that we can go out and do. It's not just it's not it's not like a wish like we're wishing for perfection or we're hoping for perfection. But there are things that we could do every day that takes us closer to the cross every day. It takes us closer to the capstone, the headstone, the chief cornerstone. Things that you can do, things that you can practice, things that you could actually fulfill. reaching out, living, giving up yourself, thinking of others before yourself and really living a life of sacrificial life, life of service, servitude. A lot of what he said today is about leadership, about how we can really uh come into a way that God could use us. God could use us. putting ourselves last really in the picture and seeing how we could be used by God effectively to work to each member working effectually in the body of Jesus Christ. Amen. Each member giving in the body of Jesus Christ. Each one a servant in their own way. Whether you're big shot or medium shot, doesn't matter who you are, God could use you in your capacity to reach somebody else. That's the whole point of what it's all about today. And we certainly thank God for that. Amen. So, let's just bow our heads as we want to close and ask God's blessing upon us as we leave and certainly thank God for being with us today in this presence. Amen. Almighty God, we are so humbled by you, Lord. Lord, when we see the word and when we see Christ, Lord, reflected in his own word, Lord, and how you lived among the people, how you taught among the people, Lord, how you expressed yourself, Lord, the image of an invisible God is expressed upon the streets of Jerusalem, touching the sick, healing, having conversations. Will thou be made whole, asking questions. Lord, you truly love the people, Lord. That love that was in Christ, Lord, is promised to be in us also, Lord. That we could be reflections of your grace in a world that is so insane. In a world that is so driven by darkness and evil, Lord, what a contrast today, Lord, that your people will be coming into such a perfection, such a condition. It would truly show the difference between darkness and light. Amen. And Father, this is what we want to be today, Lord. Reflections of perfection, Lord. Your church coming into perfection, Lord. Coming into the unity of the faith, knowledge of the son of God unto a perfect man into the measure, the stature of the fullness of Christ, that we could henceforth be no more children, Lord, but we could be mature, growed up, Lord. And how be it, we speak wisdom to them that are perfect. Father, we thank you for this tape today, Lord. We thank you for brother Olu, Father. And Lord, we just pray a special blessing upon him today, wherever he might be, Lord. Whether he's home in Nigeria or wherever it is, Father, may you touch him today in a special way, Lord. We thank you for him and his wife, Lord, and the church in the believers there, Lord. May you raise them up and continue to bless them and pour out your love and spirit upon them, Father, and just be with them, Lord, and help them in in in whatever way you choose to bless your son, Lord. We just thank you for his ministry and what we were benefactors of this morning. Lord, we just pray that your anointing would be upon him and bless him, Father, and continue to be bless him to be a blessing to others, Lord, for that's the purpose that you died for, Lord. Father, we thank you, Lord, for our pastor this morning, Lord. We pray a special blessing for him, Lord, and Reverend Isaac Oid also, Lord, Father, in the ministry here. And Lord and how or we labor also to enter into these things or we strive as well Lord in our own way to enter into this state of perfection Lord and and understanding what you want from us Lord living the kind of life that you want us to live Lord. Lord a life surrendered to the cross oh God. May you pour your spirit upon your people Lord as as a desire in our hearts Lord to be like you. May you take away more of the world from us, Lord, bring us more into your word, Lord Jesus, so that we could be more like you, Father. Bless your people today as we get ready to leave this place, but certainly not from your presence. May your presence overshadow each one and anoint them and inspire them. Uh Lord, as the day continues on, Father, and as we journey on in this life, Lord, help us to be more like you. Granted, Almighty God, we pray and ask these uh blessings as they leave. May you go with us, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Can we give the Lord a hand of praise? Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Can you give me a key? Let the church say amen. Why don't you turn on, greet your brother, greet your sister, greet someone next to you. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. You could just play it real low. That's fine. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. We have a few announcements to give afterwards. Let the church say amen. Let the church say, "Oh yes, God has spoken. at the church say amen. Amen. Do you love him today? Hallelujah. A few notes of praise. We have older me. Don't hold you too long. We just have a few want to read out here. And then we also So you can keep playing uh something softly a few notes of praise. Well, and then there's one prayer request or there might be a couple. Anyway, so let me just read them out. Note of praise. Good morning, saints. I'm thankful thanking God for allowing me to celebrate my 62nd birthday today. God bless you. This is from our sister Gloria Timothy. Amen. So, God richly bless you. Amen. We certainly appreciate uh we appreciate her and she's celebrating her birthday today. Amen. God is the giver of life and we certainly thank God and celebrate life with our sister this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Another note of praise says, "God bless you saints. I just want to thank God for celebrating 59 years of marital bliss last Thursday. God bless you." This is from brother and sister Antoine. Amen. So blessings all around. Amen. The Anwine family. So we certainly uh appreciate them and God continue to bless them. Amen. Uh note of praise here also. Okay. It says, "Bro, bless you saints. I would like to give God thanks and praise for a successful medical procedure that was done and the healing process along the way by the grace of God." Sister Grace Knights giving God praise there. God bless you. Amen. Sister Grace. Amen. And that's wonderful. We pray that God continue his healing work in your life today. Amen. And onwards. Amen. This is a note of praise here and quite miraculous as well. Listen to this. My cousin Lillian is giving thanks to God for healing her younger son's eyes. After a week of treatment with no improvement, she cried out to God and declared his healing. Miraculously, the next morning, his eyes were completely back to normal. Amen. He's the same yesterday. He's the same today. And he always hears a desperate cry. Amen. Amen. Brother Brandham said so. And that's the truth. Amen. That's is from Sister Victoria Henry. She's giving God praise there. So, what a stroke of faith. We thank God for that. Amen. And also I had a note of praise in here as well. Um thanking God last week uh brother Steve Oliveri he had uh prayed for my kids and um it was really powerful because my son Ezra his fever broke was a Sunday evening. Fever broke just that evening. Amen. And then the healing process started. Amen. So praise God. So, so I'm just thankful to God and but I also want to continue well we'll continue to remember Eden in prayer cuz she has a bit of a a tonsillitis kind of thing and I guess it's laid over from the cold and stuff. So, amen. So, we'll just uh uh think on that as well. And then also there's a prayer request here um for my cousin Ma. She got into an accident last night. She has a broken limb and she's praying to God for healing. This is from our sister Abigail uh for sister Roa Roa Harry's daughter. Okay. So, we just want to remember them in prayer as well. And if there's anyone else who has a prayer request today, you want to show raise their hands, you can feel free to do so. We just say a quick word of prayer as well and ask God's blessing. Amen. Almighty God, Lord, your mercies are everlasting, Lord. Your truth endure it to all generations, Lord Father. And Lord, you are faithful to your promises, Lord. You are still a healer, Lord Father. Even after all this time, Lord, even after all that has happened, Lord Father, in the world today, Lord, how many things have changed, you are still the same, Lord God. And your promises are still the same, Lord Jesus. And Lord, we thank you for these notes of praise, Lord, that have come before and how we are reflecting on your goodness, Lord, on your miraculous power, on your mercies and your grace, Lord Jesus, to our lives and bringing healing and deliverance, Father. And Lord, we just pray this special prayer request, Lord, for a cousin Mida who got in that accident last night with a broken limb. Oh God, we pray that your mercy would extend to her today. May you uh uh perform a healing work in her life, dear God. May you heal that broken limb, Father. Lord, may your anointing inspire her, Lord. May you reveal yourself to her, your love to her, Father. You draw her closer to you, dear God. Father, Lord, remember my daughter Eden, Lord, and with a little tonsillitis she's ging up there with, Lord, Father, and the air, Lord, I just pray your blood would cover her, Father, and your mercy and grace would heal her, Lord, and touch her, Father, Lord, and give her a a relief, Lord, from the pain. Oh God, we ask these things in your precious name. Lord, everyone who raise their hands here, different things they have on their heart, Lord, whether it's for them or someone else that they're standing in the gap for, Lord, I pray that your presence would just breathe upon them, Father. Lord, may your Holy Spirit, Lord, may your angels be dispatched today, Father, to grant a request that upon their heart, Lord, Father, for deliverance is in the name of the Lord. Healing is in the name of the Lord, Father. Every good thing comes from you today. And we command our blessing upon the people today, Father, through the shed blood of Jesus Christ, Lord. And may the work of the enemy be canled today, Father. And may your glory, may you get all the glory in Jesus Christ's precious name. Bless your people as we leave one more time. Amen. And amen. And and the church says, amen and amen. You may have your seats. Praise God. Amen. A couple of visitors here. [Music] Um, so I think Sister Antonia Sammy was invited by sister Aisha Mcshin. Amen. So God bless you. We certainly appreciate you in the house of God today. Amen. And also there's Nigel Kissoon. Uh, a sister testified to him some time ago and he's here because of that. Amen, brother Nigel Kissune. So, we certainly appreciate that and praise God and uh Amen. and that that testimony had an impact on you to come. We certainly pray that God was a blessing to you today and that you enjoy the presence of the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Oh, and also we want to uh welcome the Dillion family who's here. God bless you, brother. Amen. Amen. This is Angela. Amen. God bless you. And uh I hope you enjoyed the service last week and today. It's good to see you again one more time, Brother Josiah. We see you in the back there. God bless you also. Amen. Thank you for coming and God bless you. Amen. So for so an announcements here um for some announcements we have service continues uh this weekend coming. So as you know it'll be Easter weekend and um we'll be having our Easter weekend services right as such there will be no service on Wednesday right um for that. So, we'll just be from this service here onwards, we'll be going right into a Good Friday service um at 5:00 p.m. and Friday coming. Then at Saturday at 5:00 p.m. and also on Sunday at 8:00 a.m. Right. So, Easter weekend service is coming up and we certainly looking for God to move in a special way among us and bless us as we gather together. And uh you know the Bible encourages us to gather even the more so as we see the time approaching uh we ought to draw even nearer to the cross uh as the days become more evil. Amen. So uh so we want to do that and by the grace of God and we also know that God will uh reward us for our faith. Amen. When we gather together there's always something good to expect from the Lord. Amen. So we're looking forward for a great time in God's uh in the presence of God. So next announcement will be concerning the maintenance team group five. We'd like you to please meet with brother Blackman after the service. Uh and next week Sunday, group four is carded to serve. Um that is brother Marlon Alexander's team. Okay. Brother Joseph Williams, please if you could come. Amen. Um so that's maintenance team. Group five is to meet with B Blackman. Okay. So they're on for today. Amen. Our next point here, after the service on Easter Sunday morning, there will be a brunch downstairs. We're announcing it again um like we did last week. Registration ends today after the service. So I think today would more or less be your last opportunity to kind of let let us know uh who will be there, if you'll be there and so on like that. Um so please try to make that those arrangements um by today's service. Okay. Um the cost again uh adults $85, children 5 to 10 years is $50 per meal and then under five uh is considered free. Okay? So, make sure to register if you need to do that. Um, we we'd certainly appreciate uh your con uh consideration on that. Um, also the notice board downstairs, we've actually posted the menu down there. Um, so you could take a look at it. Uh, it is a very attractive menu. I think they gave a bit of a teaser last week. Um, but it's all down there. So, you could uh take a peruse at it. You could take a picture of it um for your reference. But uh we are looking forward to a great time in the Lord um on Easter Sunday and fellowshipping with you in the word and in the natural as well. Amen. Um so looking forward to seeing everyone. Amen. Okay. As on the announcements. Okay. Yeah. There's one more announcement here and this one concerns the conventions. Um we certainly want to keep the July meetings in prayer uh as it's coming up very soon. you know, time will uh is unfolding very quickly. We're already in April. Um and very soon it'll be July. So that's July 18th, 19th, and 20th. That weekend, by the grace of God, we want to have uh the international convention during that time. And we're just asking, soliciting for your prayers and your support in any way. um you know uh yeah and we're just looking for God to pour out in a special way and anoint and inspire and and and God works through prayer. He's looking for us to to to put in our request or put in our application uh and watch God work. He he wants to do something but he's waiting on us to get on our knees and begin to cry out to him and then God will move. Praise God. Amen. So don't be afraid. Anytime you have spare time, you spend time, you talk to God. Also tell the Lord about these meetings and what you want to see happen. We're looking for to make a church that will make a revival. And uh we under expectation for that revival. Amen. And we want to make ready for it. The prophet said, "Let's make ready for it. Let's get everything out of the way. Let's lay aside every weight that would easily beset us so that we could press towards the mark or the prize of the high calling in Christ Jesus. Amen. So, I believe that should be all the announcements. God bless you all. Amen. Thank you so much for enduring with me. Um, praise God. So, as you get ready, Amen. entry.
