################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-19 - God In His Labor Pain To Bring You Forth - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-19
Title:   God In His Labor Pain To Bring You Forth - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0pJJo3bJUw
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Praise the name of the Lord. Just raise your hands and give him praise tonight. Thank you, Jesus. Blessed be your wonderful name. Blessed be your wonderful name. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Praise your name, Lord. Now, let's sing that song. Jesus is here. Sing Jesus is here right now. Sing [Music] right now. Oh, he is here to meet your needs to set the captives free. Oh, Jesus is here right now. Oh, sing it. Jesus is here right now. Sing it. [Music] Right now. Oh, yes. Yes. Meet your knees. You set the captives free. Oh Jesus is here right now. One more time. Sing it. Jesus is here right now. Oh, sing it. It's here right now. [Music] Yes. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, you meet your need tonight. Oh, we give it all to Jesus tonight. Jesus is here right now. Oh, praise him tonight. Give him praise. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you for your presence, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, we invite your presence, Lord. We love you, Lord. We praise you tonight, Lord Jesus. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Thank you, Father. Oh, he's here to meet your need tonight. He's here to set the captives free tonight. Amen. Glory to God. Thank you, Father. Blessed be your wonderful name. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. God bless you tonight and welcome to the house of the Lord. Amen. We appreciate all of you coming tonight. Amen. Praise God. Give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. How many love the Lord with all your heart tonight? Amen. Amen. Praise God. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Let's turn to our Bibles to Psalms chapter 121. Psalms 121:es 1 to8. [Music] Glory to God. Amen. I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills from whence cometh my help. My help cometh from the Lord, which made heaven and earth. He will not suffer thy foot to be moved. He that keepeth thee will not slumber. Behold, he that keepeth Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep. The Lord is thy keeper. The Lord is thy shade upon thy right hand. The sun shall not smite thee by day, nor the moon by night. The Lord shall preserve thee from all evil. He shall preserve thy soul. The Lord shall preserve thy going out and thy coming in. From this time forth and even forever more. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Blessed be your wonderful name. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Just raise your hands and praise him tonight. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah for being our help tonight. Thank you, Lord, for being our strength tonight, Father. Oh, blessed be your holy name. Oh, praise him. Give him praise tonight. Thank you, Savior. Blessed be your wonderful name. Blessed be a wonderful name. Thank you, Savior. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, praise God. Praise the name of the Lord. Praise him in the sanctuary. Praise him in the fullness of his power. Oh, praise him with the stringed instruments. Praise him. Praise him with everything that you got tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are so grateful, Lord, to be in your presence. One more time, Lord. No place we would rather be tonight. Father Lord, may you come and do a mighty work among your people tonight. Father Lord, we come with humble hearts and surrender to you now, Lord. Lord, may your Holy Spirit pour out in this place. Lord, use your servant mightily for your honor and your glory. Speak a word in due season, Lord. fill and refill, change lives, transform lives, heal the sick and afflicted, Lord Jesus. Father, we commit everything now into your hands, Lord. Bless the service tonight in a special way. Those who are here and also online, Father, we commit everything now into your hands in Jesus name with thanksgiving. Amen and amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise one more time. Amen. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Let's just sing another maybe one. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. because he first loved me. Sing it again. Oh, sing, "Oh, how I love Jesus." Sing, "Oh, how I love." Oh, tell him this evening, "Oh, how I love Jesus. Because he loves me. Oh, there's a name I love to hear. Oh, there is a name I love to I love to sing. It's worth I love to sing. It's worth It sounds like music in my ear. It's songs like music in my The sweetest name. The sweetest name on earth. Oh, how I love Jesus. Sing him. Yes, Lord. Oh, I know how I love Jesus because it tells me of a Savior's love. Oh, it tells me of of a s who died to set me free. Who died to set me free. It tells me of his precious blood. It tells me of his prayer. The sinner's perfect plea. The sin's perfectly. Oh, singing. I love Jesus singing. Tell him tonight. Tell him tonight from your heart. Oh, how I love Jesus because one more verse. It tells of one whose loving heart. It tells of one whose love can feel my deepest woe. and feel my deep. Where each sorrow bears a part. Who each sorrows [Music] that none can be alone? That none can bear alone. I go sing. Yes, Lord. How I love Jesus. Sing. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. Because he first loved me. Because Oh, because he first love. One more time. because he first melody. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, we love you tonight, Lord. We praise your name. If you love him, praise him tonight. If you love him, praise him tonight. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Oh, if you want to see the glory of the Lord, why don't you praise him? Lift up your hands and oh, if you want to see the glory of the Lord, why don't you lift up your hands and praise the Lord? Sing praise him in the morning. Raise him in the evening. Praise him in the evening. Oh, praise him all the day long. Lift up your hands and praise the Lord. Oh, if you want to see the glory of the Lord, why don't you lift up your hands and oh, if you want to see the glory of the Lord, why don't you praise the Lord? Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him in the little time. Praise him in the evening. Oh, we will all the day long. Lift up your hands and praise the Lord. It's coming down, down, down. It's coming down. Oh, and the glory of the Lord is coming down. Oh, when the saints begin to pray and the and the glory of the Lord is coming down. It's coming. It's coming down. Down. It's coming down. Hallelujah. And glory to God. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. When the saints begin to pray and the Lord will have his way. Glory of the Lord is coming down. I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to glorify his name. Oh, I came to glorify. Oh, somebody praise him. Somebody glorify his name. Thank you, Jesus. His name I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to Oh, one more time. I came to Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. I came to glory by his name. I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to Oh, just praise him. Just praise him. Just praise him. Praise the Lord. I am delivered. Glory to his name. For I was lost in sin in the valley of death. I am glory. Praise. How many feel delivered tonight? I am delivered. Glory. Praise the Lord. I am delivered. Glory to his name. Oh, I was lost. Listen in the Oh, glory. One more time. I am delivered. Praise the Lord. I am delivered. [Music] Oh, I was lost in the valley of death. I am delivered. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. We bless you, Lord. Hallelujah, Lord Jesus. Glory to God. Glory to God. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. I need you, Lord. [Music] Oh, more than yesterday. I need you more. More than words can say. More than words can say. I need you, Lord, [Music] than ever before. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, more than yesterday. Oh, [Music] I need you, Lord. More than words can say, Lord, I need you, Lord. Oh, heaven. I need you more. Lord, I need you. Oh, I need you, Lord. Tell him how much you need him tonight. Yes, Lord Jesus. More than yesterday. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, [Music] more than words. Hallelujah. I need you, Lord. Never before. I need you, Lord. Oh yes, honey. As the music plays, you tell him how much you need him tonight. Thank you, Jesus. Oh yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. [Music] I need you, Lord. We need you tonight, Lord Jesus. We need you tonight, Lord. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Praise him. Praise him. Tell him how much you need him tonight. Oh, we are dependent upon you tonight, Lord Jesus. Oh, I need you, Lord, more than yesterday. I need singing more than words can say. I need you, Lord, more than ever before. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Oh, give him praise tonight. Give him praise. Give him praise. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. Singing I love you, Lord. Raise your hands tonight. Sing it. Hallelujah. Love you. Oh, from the depths of your heart tonight. Sing it out. Love you, oh my Lord. I love you. Sing it tonight. Oh, singing. I love you, Lord. Sing it. Sing it. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Love you, Lord. Oh, [Music] I love you, my Lord. I love you. Oh, praise him tonight. Singing [Music] of you, Lord. Oh, sing it you Lord. Oh, sing it [Music] my Lord. Let's sing one more time. [Music] Singing I love you Lord. Singing I hallelujah. Love you Lord. Singing I love you Lord. I love you. Oh, let's worship God right now. Father, we praise you and thank you. We love you tonight. We bless your name, Jesus. We worship you. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy, worthy, worthy, worthy lamb. Oh, thank you for your blood. Thank you for your grace. Thank you for your presence, Lord. Thank you for your ability, Father. The ability of God amongst your people. Thank you for the gift, the gift of life, the gift of your love, the gift of the Holy Ghost. Oh, we thank you tonight. Oh, we bless your name, Jesus. There is none like you in all the earth. We worship you. We honor you. We bless your name. Worthy, worthy, worthy, worthy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. We love you, Lord. Sing. Hallelujah. Love you, Lord. hanging. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your presence. We thank you for those gathered here, those that connected live, those that will hear the message. Be with us, Lord. We are so needy. So much things happening all around the world and it's so swiftly Father wars, rumors of wars, active wars. Lord, is like a kinder box being lit up. Father, light up your people tonight with your word. Light us up with your love, with a revival fires, with your spirit. Oh God, shake out the taji, sluggishness, laziness, deadness, formality. Lord God, Father, and give us the shout of the King, praises in our hearts, worship in our lives, Father, to worship you in spirit and in truth, to live like sons, to talk like sons, to walk like sons, to act like sons. Oh, to speak like sons. Oh God, may your son of fire burning in the hearts like how you're burning Moses. Lord, after all the intellectual talk that Moses received and heard, it couldn't do very much until that pillar of fire come down and explode in his soul and transform his entire life. God, may happen here tonight that your spirit will come on in a special way and visit the people and meet them at the point of their need. Meet them in healing, in deliverance, in restoration, in forgiveness of sins, in cleansing, in purification. Granted, Father, as we approach your word tonight, may anointing come down. May fire fall upon your word tonight. May you confirm your word tonight in the name of Jesus. We ask it with signs and wonders and miracles. It's not too hard to ask that because you promised that. It's not too hard to ask that because you're going to fulfill that. You said that another church put forth another original branch. It will be another book of Acts. Father, may that start tonight. Another book of Acts, another original branch, pushing out, Lord, pushing out with signs and wonders. pushing out with miracles, pushing out with your power, pushing out with your presence, pushing out with the ability of God to be that super church, to be that super race. As we near the headstone, let the headstone come down tonight. Break every feta, break every yoke, break every band, break every spirit cont, your word. May everyone be subject to your word tonight. May the anointing move like a magnet inside of here in Jesus name we ask it. Amen and amen. God bless you and welcome. Praise God. So we good glad to be here tonight. And if you have your Bibles, I like you to turn to Hebrews chapter 4. Want to read one verse there verse 11 and also uh St. John chapter 16 1 verse there verse 21. Hebrews 4:11. Let us labor therefore to enter into that rest least any man fall after the same example of unbelief. John 16:21. A woman when she's in travail had sorrow because her hour is come. But as soon as she's delivered of the child, she remembereth no more the anguish for joy that a man is born into the world. May God bless his word. May we be seated. A woman when she gives birth to a child has grief, anguish, agony because her time has come. Amen. When she delivered the child, she's no longer remembers her pain, trouble, anguish because she's so glad that a man, a child, a human being has been brought into the world. The Bible talk about we the glory that shall be revealed in us, the sufferings we go through, not even worthy to be compared with what shall be revealed in us. Amen. Amen. Genesis 2 1-3 says, "Thus the heavens and earth were finished, and all the host of them, and on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made. And he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And God blessed the seventh day and sanctified because in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made. So God worked and after he worked, he rested. Amen. So there's no getting away from this thing called labor or work. And the title I have tonight is God in his labor pain to bring you forth. Glory. Amen. That's the title I want to have tonight. God in his labor pain to bring you forth and have an inspiration. Let us labor. Amen. Let us labor. Let us fight. Let us struggle. If you think you're fighting, fight harder. Fight more. Take your pain and take your grit and grind because you're going to produce something. You're going to come forth. Amen. Amen. Okay. Wonderful. All right. Now, I have this to read, but I want to read from the amplified. This is in Hebrew chapter 1 from 8, and I go into chapter two, and you'll see where I'm going with this. For as to the Son, he says to him, "Your throne, oh God, is forever and ever to the ages of the ages. And the scepter of your kingdom is a scepter of absolute righteousness, justice, straightforwardness. It is lawlessness, injustice, and iniquity. Therefore, God, even your God, God has anointed you with the oil of exaltant joy and gladness above and beyond your companion. And further you, Lord, did lay the foundation of the earth in the beginning, and the heavens at the works of your hands. They will perish, but you remain and continue permanently. They will all go grow old and wear out like a garment, like a mantle thrown about oneself. You will roll them up, and they will be changed and replaced by others. But you remain the same, and your years will never end nor come to failure. Besides, to which of the angels had he said, "Sit at my right hand, associated with me my royal dignity, till I make your enemies a stool for your feet, are not angels, all ministering spirits, servants sent out to the service of God for assistance to those who inherit salvation." And this is chapter two. Here we go. Since all this is true, let's just read this here. The words you would hear is therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things we have heard least at any time we should let them slip. This have more weight and value in 2025 than they ever taught before. This what we hearing here. Yes sir. People hear the message and the message is like chewing gum. True. They're chewing it like gummies or something spitting us out or whatever it is. But this here we need to look at this here closer. Amen. Since all this is true, we ought to pay closer attention than ever to the truths that we have heard, lest in any way we drift past and slip away. For if the word spoken by angel was steadfast, and every transgression and disobedience receive a just recompense of reward, how shall we escape? If we neglect so great salvation which at first began to be spoken by the Lord and was confirmed unto us by them that heard them. This is it here now. For if the message given through angels, the law spoken by them through Moses was authentic and proved sure and every violation and disobedience receive an appropriate, just, and adequate penalty. How shall we escape appropriate retribution if we neglect and refuse to pay attention to such a great salvation as it now offered to us, letting it drift past us forever? For it was declared at first by the Lord himself and was confirmed to us and proved to be real and genuine those who personally heard him speak. I want to skip down. Amen. For some Oh, let me go to verse seven here. For thou has made him a little lower than the angels. Thou crownest him with glory and honor, and this set him over the works of thy hand. Listen to this now. Thou has put all things in subjection under his feet. For in that he put all in subjection unto him. He left nothing that is not put under him. But now we see not yet all things put under him. Amen. That sound like it's a contradiction. Let's hear it in the a bit. For some little time you have ranked him a little lower than the unfair to the angels. You have crowned him with glory and honor, set him over the works of your hands. For you have put everything in subjection under his feet. Now in putting everything in subjection to man, he left nothing outside of man's control. But at present, here we go, we do not yet see all things subject to him. In other words, we have not seen man fully under power in sub and the earth, everything under him in subjection. It's to come. But he already put it. Yes. He said man is supposed to control this thing. Man is supposed to have dominion. But we see it yet. But then the Bible went on to say here now this is so beautiful. But we are able to see Jesus who was ranked lower than the angels for a little while crowned with glory and honor of having suffered death in order by the grace of God to us sinners he might experience death for every individual person. Amen. Hallelujah. For it was an act worthy of God, fitting of his divine nature, that he whose sake and by whom all things have their existence in bringing many sons into glory, should make the pioneer of that sal of their salvation perfect. Should bring to maturity the human experience necessary to be perfectly equipped for his office as high priest through suffering. So this high priest we have was brought into this perfection to feel for us to stand for us to go in front of us and God take him through suffering. Oh give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. For both he who sanctifies make men holy and those who sanctified all have one father. For this reason he's not ashamed to be called them brethren. Oh, praise God. Since therefore, here we go. Oh, God. Since therefore his children share in flesh and blood, in the physical nature of human beings, he himself in similar manner ptook of the same nature. And by growing through debt, he might bring to north and bring of no effect him who had power of death. That is the devil. Hallelujah. So, you know what Jesus did? He take on our form. He take on ro of flesh to conquer death that death had no power over the blood wash blood wash. Oh glory to God. And also he might deliver and completely set free all those who through the haunting fear of death were held in bondage to the whole course of their lives. For we all know he Christ did not take hold of angels, the fallen angels to give them a helping delivering hand, but he take hold of the fallen descendants of Abraham to reach out to help them and give them a helping hand. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. I'm almost done. So it is evident. I'm going read it here in verse 17 and 18. I know it sound strange because from your bed. Wherefore in all things it behoove him to be made like unto his brethren that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to God to make reconciliation for the sins of the people. For in that he himself had suffered. Being tempted he's able to succur them that are tempted. Amen. So it is evident, it was essential that he be made like his brethren in every respect in order that he might become a merciful, sympathetic, and faithful high priest in things related to God to make atonement and appropriation for the people's sin. Here we go. For because he himself in his humanity has suffered in being tempted, tested, and tried. So what you going through this morning? What you going through? This man Jesus, he suffered. Hallelujah. He was tempted and tested. What you talking about? He is able immediately to run to the cry or assist or relieve those who are being tempted and tested and tried and who therefore are being exposed to suffering. Oh, glory to God. And the Bible said he learned obedience by the things that he suffered. So suffering is part of this package. If you didn't know, now you know. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. All right. Talking about fighting, right? Yes. This land of Canaan was the land of promise. That was the land of rest. But when they get into this land of rest, they have to fight in the rest. Amen. To get a rest. Okay. Did you get that? They come into the land. Oh, we reach Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. And in the land which is land of promise, you have to fight in order to get a rest. Now Joshua only had three things to do sir. Three just three things. Not 24, not 17 mysteries. Just three things. Cross over, fight, and divide the land. Oh, give the Lord some praises. It's very simple. It's not complicated. It's not a big kind of complication or kind of mystery and go deep. And he had to three hours on this side and three hours on that side. We don't need six hours for this. It's three things he had to do. cross over the land. You got Jordan there. You had to cross over to go. You can't just do binoculars and looking good. You know, I like all that how you're looking like taking pictures and putting on Instagram. We don't talk about that. Every place you put your foot and to put your foot you have to cross over. And Jordan means death and we struck on Sunday. People don't want to die to theelves, die to their attitude, die to their ways, die to their past. You have to die. I don't care who you are. Your stinking self have to get busted. Go have to break a human spirit. Go have to boss open you. Oh, give the Lord some praises. I know they say preaching a message in train, but we preaching it. Go have to break a train that spirit. You have to bust your train that spirit to get to the Holy Ghost. The train is not the Holy Ghost. Glory. You are not the Holy Ghost. Oh, give the Lord some praise. The Holy Ghost is the Holy Ghost. There's only one Lord. There's only one spirit. There's only one baptism. There are two Lords and two spirits. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Amen. So that whole bunch of Israel had to fight for how much years? 6,8 years. And after they fight, then you could divide the land. Amen. Like come forward. Give me my mountain. You can't talk about a mountain when giants all over the place. You have to get to a place where you can ask for your inheritance. You can't just just walk up inheritance. You'll get licks. Them demons will beat you up. You have to clear the ground first. You can't build and you know what I mean? All kind of all kind of sight ice and hit and whatnot. You have to fight. Get them off your land. You have to know it's your land. God give you this land. Your body is your body, too. You have a right to fight every sickness, every disease, every condition. You can't say, "Well, I diabetes, my father had it, my grandfather have it, my great-grandfather have it. Therefore, I own it." That's a lie. I'm not accepting that. I My father had, grandfather had, great-grandfather had. That is their business. My business to claim what God said. I said, "Devil, get out of here." Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Don't accept nothing. No sickness, no disease, nothing. I have a right to be healed. I have a right to be sealed. I have a right to shout. I have a right to praise God. I have a right to every redemptive blessing that Adam lost. I have a right to that. He put everything under our feet. Every devil is under our feet. Sickness under our feet. Disease under your feet. Cancer under your feet. Tumor under your feet. Hallelujah. Glory to God. So faith is a revelation of what will be. That's what faith is. A revelation of what it will be. Hallelujah. It's not real to you in manifestation yet. Isaac wasn't real to to Isaac. Um um Abraham had Isaac as a revelation. He couldn't show anybody Isaac and say there is Isaac. Look Isaac. But it was real to him. It was something that was to come. He stacked up because the faith Sarah could talk so and Sarah was his wife. He could whisper in the air and say Isaac coming. He could lecture her. He could give her text. He could give her books. He could give her tapes. He could press play whole day and say, "Play it over. Play it over. Play it over." Sarah didn't have a revelation that Isaac was coming. But Abraham had a revelation and you couldn't take it out. And we have a revelation that the seven is a bright revival. Nobody could take that out. Nobody can explain that away. Nobody contain that out there. Seven thunders revival. It will take them seven thunders to wake up the bride. He will send it. He promise it. If the church will plead the promises or give the Lord a shout, that's what we hear. Fight for it. Give the Lord some praise. Fight for it. You have to fight for what is yours. The revival, that's mine. Holy Ghost, that's mine, too. Signs and wonders, that's mine, too. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So you have to fight. Hallelujah. Now Satan sent fallen angel spirits to try to get us off the word. And after every messenger that come and bring the true word after the messenger that die, fallen angels drop down right on top of the message. right in the church. Fallen angels bringing interpretation men idea human spirit fallen angels from hell that got kicked out of heaven fallen after every messenger in the message and that's why I said the devil is in the church the devil is in this message but we have to cast him out because Jesus in my name give the Lord a shout in the house they shall cast out devils no praise demon interpretation demon hallelujah men interpreting the word how they want it that's a lie all kind of false inspiration false teaching, false men. Give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What's the objective? To get you off the word. Hallelujah. Because everything have an appointed time. And if you can't wait, he will sell interpretation. You get you get some kind of baby. So the challenge is how do we stay with the word while we waiting on the fulfillment of the word and men feeling tired, the men feeling weary and figure but they have it now. They adopted now mini adoption, small adoption, baby adoption, what kind of adoption they start to filter adoption all kind of ways with no power, zero power, not a witness of God's approval. But when they talking about Jesus, they say Jesus, a man approved of God. You could see it. You could feel it. You could see it. You could see the manifestation around him. A man approved of God. His ministry expose those guys. Oh, give the Lord a shout. And the life of Christ ministry will expose all the hypocrites. Hallelujah. All the liars, all the men who God called to do what they're doing, it will expose them. Oh, glory to God. who had talk and more talk. Oh hallelujah. Because the fallen angels it fall long in the church to make them be pan and smoke and so on is for long to make them religious. [Music] That's the purpose. Make them religious. Hallelujah. And they can watch the nature. After all the teachings and revelation, what their behavior it's not the teaching, you know, it's watch the life behind the teaching because when the anointing come for the bride, it could only produce temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness. 2 Peter 1:4-7. That is the anointing and the life that the bride would connect with. No other life could work in her. Who said that? The prophet said that. No other life. No message life, no interpretation life, no man of the hour life, no pope, Mrs. Pope life. No other life. What's life going to live in? Faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness. And whether it's your wife, your husband, your mother, your father, your brother or sister, God had to use something to make sure them things is tested, tried inside of you. You don't hear much about that. But it had to be tried and proven. A faith that can't be tested can't be trusted. How God trust you when he never test you. God had to test it to trust you. The test, the trust comes by the test. Oh, give the Lord a shout. The trust come by the test. Oh God, when he test Abraham, so he said, "Now I know you fear me." Because the man was coming on the night to take Isaac out. He said, "Now I know you are the man. You are my man on the earth. Not only will you be blessed, but I'm blessing your seed after you and your seed in 2025." Hey, going to possess the case of the enemy. I feel tonight like a royal seed of Abraham. Hallelujah. I feel we're going to possess something tonight. Oh, glory to God. I feel like a seed of Abraham. Royal seed. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My God. A Jew, a Jew is not a Jew because he born in Israel. The Bible explains that a Jew is a real Jew. You know, with the feet seed of Abraham. Yes. Who's the seed of Abraham? Not them Wall Street Rascals and all them. No, no, no. The real Jew is you sitting here now. Circumcised by the heart, by the Holy Ghost. Oh, glory to God. Make you a son of the kingdom. Nobody could kick you out. You're not a servant. You're a son. a son of the kingdom. When that Jewish bride rejected the word, he turned to the Gentiles. And here we are. He want to go back to the Jews. But he got to cap off this Gentile bride. This bride not going to walk out without a wedding garment. This bride not going to walk out without being robed in his righteousness. Or he love righteousness. He hates iniquity. Oh, the Lord a shout in the house. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. But so help me God. Do you want to have a revival? A price revival. Not a church revival. A price revival. I'll say it again. Not a church revival. A price revival. I'll say it again. Not a church revival. A price revival. This message come for the bride. Oh, give the Lord a shout for seven ages. Jesus looking for a wife. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus don't like Santa you know song Santa looking for a wife he's still looking every every every looking for a wife not Jesus you know Jesus go and get that wife for seven ages he's looking out for this bride and God told prophet God told go get that bride oh hallelujah amen with a punch he had the alias of ministry that's what bullet find you he had that ministry go get that bride and he found you don't sit like you don't know who I'm talking about I am talking about you. Don't sit here and just watch and stare. I am talking about you tonight. I don't care what you have been through, what hell you have been through. God will deliver you. God will bring you out. He has to bring you out. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] The more is a holiday and Friday is a holiday. So you know we're going to tonight. Buckle up your belt. Hallelujah. All right. Brother Brandham, I was reading here. It was Irene or Martin. One of them had a a man had a crown of gold on his head, white robes on, shoes inlaid with gold. And said, "I am the Christ. Confess me." That saint wouldn't do it. That three prophet of God stood there, waited and said two or three times to him, the man said, I am the Christ, confess me. He said, our Christ don't come like that. Amen. That's right. Listen, Baro, you have got to know the word. Stay on the word. These false spirits is trying to get you off the word, you know. Now, watch. But the brand is not the absolute, you know. Amen. This is the absolute. You cannot put barwood above this, you know. Here's why he came to reveal this. And what he taught us is this. When the angel came to him, I swept back wing guys. He said what they say, he check it in the scriptures. He said if they say anything contrary to the scriptures, he not receiving it. Paul said, "If a angel come down from heaven and preach any other gospel, let him be a curse." So I don't want to hear angel meet you and you see a light and you feel like this and something tell you I am the Holy Ghost and something tell you this and tell you that. You have to find it back in the scriptures. And if you can't find it back in the scriptures, it's a demon. It's a devil. It's spiritual wickedness. in high places. We'll give the Lord some praises. All kind of crazy revelations. Praise God. But a Brandon said they could be baptized 24 hours with the Holy Ghost and still be lost. Amen. Now take that at face value. What a Brandham said, the secret is the seed is in your soul. Yes, that's the real thing. Now, you have to take that and pass it through the scriptures to validate what he said to understand what he said. Because if you put it like a template, 2 + 3 equal 5. You have to understand if you're minus three from five, they get two. It must work right through. So, if you put on a template, if Peter's seed was in his soul, he don't know if he go in the upper room because his seed in his soul. All he to do is to go and wait and pass through and say I'm a Christian or whatn not and when they they come to hold him he run and hide because he se in his soul he have zero power but Jesus told them with your seed in your soul you need power you need Holy Ghost they tell you that's all you need word on top of word on top of all these quotes they love them things word on top of word on top of word added and you're a son you're all a son that come to time I meet a brother, he tell me um justification like take up a piece of wood with moss in it. Soon you start that I know you going off. When I hear the mos tell myself turn you with mos on it. He say sanification they clean the most of it. Holy ghost shape it. I said but the same word nothing had changed. I said now tell me what the prophet said. You see oh you had to watch you have to watch them devil watch them dogs you know. Yes sir. The prophet said justification take about dirty glass. Amen. Sanification, wash the glass. Holy Ghost, pour milk in the glass. That's a different introduction to something else. But the Mos revelation, I call it the Mos Revelation. Well, the worst revelation. The Mos revelation. The same Trinidad with moss on it. You scrape him off. Same trinadian. He move. He change. You shape him, he come out good. He went tight jacket and he went a long dress and they singing specials. But he's the same person. Nothing had changed. But when this fire come, wait, not just any fire, the one John talk about, I am not worthy, but he that cometh after me, he is going to baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire. That is what I talking about. You can find that in the Bible. He will do something. Not the preacher, not the teacher, not the apostle, not the prophet, not the evangelist. This Jesus, he going to baptize you with the Holy Ghost and fire. When you get baptized in water, somebody take you and dip you and bring you out. They put you under the water. And when God baptized with the Holy Ghost, he dip you in the spirit. When you come back up, you must assemble something. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Give the Lord a shout. Now watch. When the Baram say you can be baptized 24 hours and be lost, what is he talking about? When you go deeper, somebody could get baptized in their flesh, somebody get baptized in their spirit, or somebody could get baptized in their soul. So what he's talking about is not in the soul. He's not talking about that. He's talking about people who speak in tong carry and fall around and cuss the neighbor and don't want to answer back their husband and be rude and disrespectful. That is talking about and they still came. I was in his spirit and you know his spirit. You got to know the word. Stay on the word. The great battle is at hand now. We have played church for years and years. Who's speaking? I'm still reading. But the hour has come now when Janice and Jambers will withstand Moses. We see them yet. You know Janice and Jambers not outside Pentecost and Jes. They may start off yet because Moses step forth yet. You see what I'm saying? Then the manifestation of Christ among the bride will be challenged. Yes, sir. Even within this message to see the power of God come down and people people who who love the press and play say but that that they're not pressing and playing. So that can't be right. So they judge the prophet's prophecy by their interpretation in their head. And God never said that. He is his own interpreter. He can interpret his word tonight. He is sovereign. He don't have to ask anybody permission to revive you, restore you, heal you, forgive you, cleanse you. [Music] And that alone should give you faith to trust him tonight because he don't have to ask anybody. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Watch the hour coming when John will stand Moses as the Bible said they would. It's going to be a spiritual battle conflict. There'll some just continue on. the denominational church will just move right on the denomination and go on the way it goes. But I mean the real true believer is coming to that battlefield. Yes sir. And you better be versed and know what you're doing or you could take an evil spirit so easy and not know if it is contrary to this word. Don't believe it. Stay with the word. Oh, give the Lord some praises. This is from Christianity versus idol tree. He said idolatry is old here in United States have idol worship. The Indians have it. The rain god, mud turtle. They made an image of a mud turtle. They put specks all over him. He come out of the mud and they believe that there's a rain god that come out of this mud and the turtle hull that spoke to them through this mud turtle. And because they believe that he live in the mud and moisture, he was god over it. Now they worship devils in doing so. worshiping a m turtle thinking it was a rain god. They brought spirit upon them. So the woman from the new age that got a revelation I am God. She said an anointing came over her when she speak it. So yes I am God. It's like a revelation pick upon her. And that's how that new age thing come. You're one with God. So God can't judge you. God can't eliminate you. God can't destroy you because he can't destroy himself. you want with him. But that's not in the Bible. That is Hindu mythology. And that's why they could come back as a snake, as a bo, as a goat, as a this and that and you know, just evolve, evolve over time because you're part of God. You see what I'm saying now? All right. So many people are opening their hearts to the wrong things. You get a spirit. All right. And many time it contradicts the word saying that this miracles pass. There's no such thing as this or that. Remember that's a devil. Here we go. Yes sir. Under the disguisement of Christianity. I want to add to that in this message. Amen. Amen. God help us when we get down to this that it's an evil spirit in the disguisement of Christianity, but it isn't the spirit of Christ. So any spirit in this message that quenches the desire for the Holy Ghost in the lives of the people is an evil spirit. I don't care who preaching what. I don't care whether they come from the States, from Trinidad, from Europe, from Africa, from South A South America, it doesn't matter where they come from. Any spirit that will quench the hungering and thirsting after righteousness that Jesus talk about, that's a devil. That's a demon. Give the Lord a shout. Any spirit that will make you feel comfortable in the castle of your skin, that's a devil. God want to shake your world. God want to rock you. God want to make you uncomfortable. Make your pillow heart a stone. That you repent of your sins. That you get your heart right. That you get your life in order to prepare for him because he is coming. He's coming with Holy Ghost fire. It's coming with phys. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. [Music] Judment is closing now. Because before the judgment get outside he says start in my sanctuary we see that yet you know years have been saying this message don't know judgment coming but it's coming this message don't know judgment in the book of acts it was instant you know and said repeat again a nast fell long in church you know that wasn't just a nast man you know that was brother and ass sister that was a sister everybody you know shaking hand goless Bless you. God bless you. Praise the Lord. Amen. But she lied with the lines on her husband. She could have stayed with the word. She stand by the husband who was crooked as ever. Oh, hallelujah. Have to make a line. You have to draw a line. This is what God said. I believe what God said. Husband on the husband, wife or wife, children or children. I believe that God said and that's how I believe it. Praise God. Praise God. I will never have this testimony. The people made me. I'm not Saul. So I said the people the people you don't want to accept responsibility he was given a word I said the commission us what to do our commission is to stay with the word I don't care if the church tinned down to 20 people we have to stay with the word and if we stay with the word go to bless that 20 let the hypocrites go praise God let them leave praise God praise God people feel they're going to lock the church neck they don't want to pay ties they don't want to pay offering they don't want to support the church they want to come here and just milk and have bad attitudes let them continue with that God will judge them right in their seat one Oh God, we would you would press on because everybody hearing this message, everybody hearing this same word. He said, but with people all didn't mix it with faith. All heard Moses, all he hold this word, but we have to take time off to think. We should not let these things slip. Glory to God. I'm not here in vain. Hallelujah. I'm not preaching in vain. I'm not laboring in vain. Hallelujah. Praise God. God called me to do this. He put this burden upon me to do this. I have to deliver the burden that God put upon me. Oh, glory to God. Because God worked, God labored, and then God rested. You can't rest and you ain't working. Give the Lord a shout. That why he say a man don't work, go let him eat. They put fire under him to get a job. The Bible said so. Spirits. So, let me sweeten up a little bit. Am I talking? You know if I go down in that road with them false anointing and fallen angels. There's a whole thing myself. I want to stay on the bride road. Watch. Having predestinated us by talk now unto the adoption unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ according to the good pleasure of his will. Brother, what did he do? He by fornowledge foresaw us. You got to understand he foresaw us. Hallelujah. That that bring you out of your humanistic spirit. He foresaw your failures, your shortcomings. He saw where you fell where this will happen. He forced to all of that and he chose you. Yes sir. To do what? To come out of your foolishness not to stay where you know God understand and I only a human God make you. I'm only human. We have to stop that human talk. The blood come to speak on our behalf that we could get the breakthrough that we desire. You can't stop this human thing. You have to break out of that. What did he do? There was no angels. He foresaw us. There was lol himself existing one. Watch. And he was going to save. There's nothing lost. Knowing that he know that this great attribute in him would project something out yonder that he could save. Then he did it by forn knowledge. He looked down. He saw everyone that would accept it. And then by doing so, he said to save that, the only way I can do it will be to come now myself and be made flesh. take the sin of a man upon him and die for him that I might be the one that's worshiped because he is God the object of worship then he came down take upon himself while he did that he did that he might save you who wants to be saved see what I mean by for knowledge the infinite God who know all things saw the lamb he slay the lamb before the function of the world and he put your name in the lamb book of life and he's seen watch here we go are you ready he's seen the deceitfulness of Satan what he would do. So he put your name on deer. That means he saw what Satan will do because Satan was coming in the beginning. This is before the beginning because he know the end from the beginning. He is in this realm. Hallelujah. Where there is no beginning, no time, self-existent. And he looks into time. He sees Satan's operation. He put your name in the book and going to slip you down into time. Oh, glory to Lord. Bypass your theophony. Put you into time knowing how the devil going to operate. Let's go. He put your name there. He said the antichrist will be so religious, so good, such a fine fellow, such a smart man, such a religious man that he would deceive the very elected if it was possible. But it is impossible because their names were forained before the foundation of the world. By election, he chose them. We can close off right here tonight. If you had enough shouts, we close off right here now. We don't have enough shouts to back this up. But by election, he chose them. Oh, glory to God. He rolled the dice to say, "Oh, God, I wonder I wonder what wonder if this one go repent. I wonder." No, God not in that. We That's foolishness. Hallelujah. guys going in the Chinese place where they have the all them um them things spin around and thing and I forget the gambling place and thing God not rolling no dice God not in I don't know where it's called Texas place all the gambling thing Las Vegas God is not he not Las Vegas business he chose you by election he put his thumb print about Jacob I love Esau I hate that was election he knew all about Jacob But Abram was elected. Why? Why? Why? Why this man Jacob? Because he loved that birthright boy. You see that Holy Ghost thing? He wanted to be part of the Holy Ghost bunch. You see this shouting, screaming, Acts 2:38 babies thing? This noisy bunch. Jacob is part of that. God saw Jacob being transformed and he wrestled all night long. You talk about labor, he held on to the angel. Look at me. Saturday night. Oh, praise God. He was scared. He was frightened. And he know that tonight was his night. He know he have to get a blessing. More than a blessing, he had to get a transformation. Until the angel had no choice. Until the angel had to do something. Oh God, help us tonight. He said the church have to get desperate. God always hear a desperate cry. But you can't get desperate till God speaks to you. That's why God have to come down and speak to the bride because a minister can't bring the revival. It has to come to the people. That means God's voice has to come down among us. And he said the spirit, the bride and the prophet will say the same thing. He said the voice of God will be in the bride. Once more the world will hear direct from God. You will hear direct from God. You come tonight to hear direct from God. May God speak to your heart to get you out your sluggishness wherein is tiredness out your condition and start a revival in your own soul. May it start at night. I cry in your spirit. [Applause] [Music] He chose you by election. By election, he chose them and predestination. They know where they're going. Hallelujah. What Paul taught. And this is where I get from for tonight. The church positionally before the foundation of the world. This is something that will flow you. When God in his labor pain was bringing forth bringing forth you knowing what you will do. Yes sir. He positionally placed you into his own body to be a housewife to be a farmer to be a preacher to be a prophet to be this or to be that. He placed you positionally by what? By labor pain. Oh praise the Lord a shout. My God this is like a cap for me. Amen. So when God was grinding and groaning in the spirit realm to positionally place you knowing all the drama you have to go through plenty drama. You know plenty drama. You know when Joseph got the vision of where he will be. It wasn't instant. You know it was faith in his soul. It is not real to him yet but it will be. It's a future thing. His brothers had to hate him. His brother had to hate him without a cause. Think about it. Brit out here do them many. I don't know why you like me. They can't take me. The blood can't stand me. They can't handle me cuz I'm different. I have a rainbow coat that my father give me. They're different. I walking with it. I prophesying with it. I'm inspired with it. They sell him out. They sold him out. You see drama? Joseph, a young man balling his own bre. That the most hurtful thing you know when your own brethren betray you. When your own family cut you off and do that and Joseph find himself in another place, another land, another tongue, you have to learn the language. And he say here, I like the kind of man he is, you know, I will do my very best in immediately start to learn the language. Start to excel in everything you do. Promotion after promotion after promotion and he didn't say nothing and because God with him. So when you understand God is with you in your trials in your whatever you're going through whether the boat capsize whether you get floor fat tires whether the engine con out whether the roof blow out it doesn't matter storm shun rainbow whatever it is God is with you and Joseph knew by revelation God was with him so when Pifa wife push and move she said but you want me sin against my God he had more value to his God than the desire of his flesh he had his flesh in subjection he was mortifying the demons in his body. He could have run with that woman, but he chose to walk away from here. He chose to run. Praise God. Other men will stand up and fall. Other men's fall before they should even talk. They don't they don't fall already. But Joseph stood and he take off like a bullet. Oh, give the Lord a shout. And when he went in prison, he didn't say, "I'm wrongly jailed. I'm wrong. I didn't do it. And God know me heart. Let me give me a testimony. send a reporter for me to get my true information. He ain't bother with them. You know, he sitting in jail comfortable. Comfortable because where he lead me, I'll follow. Where God put me, God is still there. God is not against me. God is with me. Where are black skies? Bright skies. Oh, give the Lord some praises. The prophet said, "Bls, bright skies are no signs of God's approval. Dark skies are no signs of God disapproval." His approval is in the beloved. He put you in Christ and he can send you anywhere you want to put you. David stood in Joseph stood in prison. Interpret the dream of the baker. He cooking up something. He adding and taking away and fixing up your own mix. He talked to the butler and he saw the butler being restored. He tell the butler remember me. Now understand this. Joseph have to be positionally placed. But look at the road that take him to his position. He's a mad man that say that thrown in his mind. You know you next to Pharaoh. You know you lost your head. You're dead. That's not how you do it. Amen. Through suffering. Are you here tonight? Through pain. Who wants pain? Nobody wants pain. But through suffering. When Joseph said, "Remember me." The man going up there when get that wine taste. He forget him immediately. Who made him forget? God. Why? Joseph wasn't ready yet. Why? The time wasn't ripe yet. Amen. Hallelujah. When drama hit the pharaoh soul had the dream and he called for interpretation. I tell him tell me a dream. Tell me interpretation. Them say you're crazy. Tell me the dream. You say forget when do for you know all wise men. All hocus pocus all me. So long all this craft all come again a few nights and thing you know all they losing all their head when the butler hear that he know this is serious and the butler know where to go when your family ready they know where to go you know when your loved ones catch theel they know where to go you know they coming right by you you know they come to Joseph they say I know how a man who interpret and writing and send the man when Joseph come and I seek the Lord and God revealed to Joseph the whole man. He said to Pharaoh, he says, "Phero, listen, here what to do." I like that. You know, not only did God Joseph re reveal what was the condition or what is to come, he gave the solution. He said, "Find a man that could manage this affair." Pharaoh said, "You are the man." Amen. That man come from prison right into power. Figure that one out. Right out of prison, straight into the power. You have to bow to Joseph because he is Pharaoh man of the hour. That is when a God that when get mana get approved. You can't stop that, you know. That's why they say send for Peter because Peter was approved. He denied Christ. I was there. I heard of him myself. That's your business. Keep on recording Peter. I have a ten Christ three times. But God approved Peter in so much that righteous Cornelius, God say send for him because that man have life in him. That man have word in him. That man have the full germ in him. That man is adopted. that man house in the pillar of fire and when he had to speak the word fire coming after that word and when he saw them got the baptized with the Holy Ghost he said they get the same one we receive Peter confirm it was the same baptism and them guys ain't even baptized yet oh give the Lord a shout in the house glory so God had labor pains to bring forth you forthought he had labor pains to do that to position play you he said when we come from the land garlic lands of Egypt through sanctification and is baptized into the promised land for the promise is the Holy Ghost. What's the promise? Shout it out. What's the promise? Holy Ghost. That's the promised land. The Holy Ghost. So, Canaan land represent Holy Ghost. That's the promise. Isn't that right? Ephesians 4:30. He's reading. You see, Obama, I'm putting him back in word. He said that and he put Ephesians 4:30. Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God whereby you are sealed until the day of your redemption. Then God having predestinated the church and all the peoples here we go there will be millions time millions that will walk very religious and be deceived. Amen. Amen. So we know that they had their place already. The only ones are you ready now? The only ones that will not be deceived will be those who have come over into the promised land who before the foundation of the world had their name spoken in the land book of life and has come over to the promised land and enjoying it. You hear what he said? You had to be enjoying it. You enjoying this land. You're enjoying every trial, every testing, everything come. Nothing moving you. Nothing has shaken you. You come too far to turn back now. This land is your land. You're not mixing it with unbelief. You're laboring to enter into that rest. I say, let us labor tonight. Let us fight tonight. You catch a revelation. Fight for your prayer life. Fight for your joy. Fight for everything that God released in this hour for you. Here we go. Let's go. Many people are afraid you're going to act funny. Many people are afraid the Holy Ghost will make you lose something. You'll be ashamed of people. Many people are afraid they will cry and their sweetheart will see them crying or mama or your neighbor or your boss will see you. Let me tell you about a man one time before closing. I say amen. I not closing yet. There's a man named David and when the ark of God has been done in the Philistine land come across pulled by a ark old ox pulling. When David saw the ark coming he had a little gong on him he run out there. He kick his feet in the air, jump around, scream, jump, dance, jump, dance. And him, the king of Israel, his wife, looked out the window and saw him acting so strange, she despised him. She must have said, "The idiot." Still reading. Look at him out there acting three feet in the air, jumping, acting like that. He must be crazy. That night when he come in, she said in words like this, "Why? You embarrass me." That's how some wives are talking. And ashamed their husband, trying to shame their head. You embarrassed me. Why you the king? My husband out there doing like that. He said, "Tomorrow I'll do better than that." Don't you know I was dancing unto the Lord. He crossed over. He was in the land of promise. What does that mean? You need a promise sit down dead like a don like if he's a Catholic and a Methodist or a Jew witness kingdom hall. That what the message come down to now. Kingdom halls when man only bringing word 4 hours 5 hours and people sit down there dead somehow sleeping and when they sleeping so they say the word coin subconscious demons morph morphus all kind of demons sitting on the top lip they can't even praise God and worship brother Brandham said David he crossed over into the land that is why he was dancing how God could be in the camp and there's no shout when God in the camp the shout of the king what did the Bible tell Psalm The voice of rejoicing is in the tablock of the righteous. The Lord had chasened me sore, but he hath not given me over unto death. Open unto me the gates of righteousness, and I shall be coming unto them. The gates that the righteous shall enter. The stone that the refused has become the hest of the corner. This is the Lord's doing. It's marvelous in our lives. This is the day that the Lord had made. We will rejoice and be glad in it. [Music] Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So I am not expecting we about to leave here and when you talk to the church and everybody pressure boy pressure but say the bride will leave here shouting. Your testimony got be pressure. Everything is pressure boy. That's unbelief. You know, that's unbelief speaking. You know, like Satan saying, "Come on, it's pressure." Come on, say, say it again. Hallelujah. Things rough, boy. Things super rough. And Satan, they anointing you. And you think it's God? You think you have a testimony there? Say this because a powerful testimony. Some people done her wrong and she knew she was right and they're treating her badly and she said, "Lord, I don't have that heart to forgive them." She knows she have to forgive. She said, "But I'm going to apply it. I'm going to pray for them." I love that. So, she choose not to say, "Well, you know, I have a heart. This how I am. I see all I am." No, she's showing flexibility. She She's not showing the rigidity. This is how I am. I can't forgive them now. They're too wicked. No, you got to pray for them. You got And you see, you can't pray and be against somebody who you're praying for. You can't sincerely pray for somebody. I don't care what they do. And you said to pray for them. Lord, help them. They don't even know what they're doing. They they ought not to behave that way. You know why they're doing what they're doing. Bless them, Lord. Oh, God. Be merciful to them. Save them, Lord. And you're praying God's blessing upon them. And you know what? God come around and turn everything around for her. And and I'm I'm so glad to hear that kind of testimony. You know why? Because it show that somebody is applying what they hearing. They're not stiff neck in their high ears and heart. They're applying what they hearing. God was upset because the majority of people did not mix what they hear with faith. Faith have action with it. Faith is not static. Faith have drama with it. Faith is a substance. He said he that cometh to God must believe he is. And he is a rewarder of them that diligently not just seek him in a way to seek him. A way to worship, a way to praise him. When the woman asked Jesus, "Salvation of the Jews," he said, "Listen woman, the hour come and now is when the true worshippers will worship this. The father in spirit and in truth, them think they have all the worship in tong with the Jewish business." He said the hour is coming when mechanics and dynamics will be together. When you have the full revelation, then you have to have king lamb worship. When you understand what the lamb did for you, when you understand the lamb took the book to reveal to you your inheritance that you have to possess. When you understand that you have your redemptive rights to make claims or give the Lord a shout, you can't sit there like a church member. There's not a Catholic church. There's not a Baptist church. There's not a Pentecostal church. [Applause] [Music] You have to open your mouth and make your claims. Bam. Say Jesus, I claimed them. I claimed the book for them. I died for them. I paid a price for them. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Then he told you and I in 10:11, go to the angel and ask for the book and take the book. You say, "Beg for the book." Take it and eat it and then prophesy from it. You have a right to prophesy over your own healing, of your own deliverance, of your own breakthrough. You have a right to prophesy for your family and your loved ones. That is your right. Don't sit down like a dumb dog in Israel. You have nothing to say. Oh, glory to God. The devil bind your mouth. Hallelujah. Glory to God. You get cut off with that silent mouth. You're saying nothing. You're saying nothing because you're in love with yourself. You're in love with your own mind and your own thoughts. The Bible say let the weak say I am strong. The Bible said that let the weak say or let your weakness say just stay weak. And after in your mind are weak are weak and they say you're really weak. You know seeing it when you see a weak so devil bring some demons to hit you and slap you up and tap you up and you're binding you walking like back slavery that's slavery going on nowhere not just in ten commandments not in Egypt and we were slaves you know slaves to all kindl they can't dance the chain connect both foot together that dance in step. They come in the message. They come in the Bible and they walk in solid steps cuz chain poke in the foot. So the steps are very measured. Hallelujah. You couldn't hold that with David. All right. Don't think of finishing now. You know, I can't warm up now. Tomorrow's holiday. Glory. Some people are afraid to receive the Holy Ghost. Afraid they might speak with tongues. But I tell you, I feel the best afraid Holy Ghost. Afraid the Holy Ghost. Bye bye bad say bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye the holy ghost but the holy ghost afraid it the whole time holy spirit and the devil won't go near it that's the reason people fail it but it's good enough for me sir it will make you stop your lying it will save you when you're dying it will start them demons flying sir good enough for me oh God give me that old time religion time religion hallelujah Hallelujah. Glory to God. Old time religion. You You know what they love? Mary said, "Be it done unto me according to thy word." I said, "Mary sitting in your room after that stuck there." Mary said, "Be it done to me according to thy word." Then she conceive and think that nice after that after they preach that Mary get the upper room. Let me She st she fall down. Who is that? Sister Mary. She said, "I'm a Mary, mother of Jesus." Mom say Mary stay until she lose your pride. There's a quote, you know, she had to stay up there until you lose your pride. All she feel she is and how nice and where it is and people favoring she and what all has dropped. All them people to fall off, you know, that that them days they're waiting. It wasn't just waiting idling and they send it for newspapers and you know, express guardian and they want to read all about it. You know, it wasn't that it was a place and a time to get rid of self, get rid of flesh. But when I'm dramatized, some brother say, I feel we have it, you know, I feeling let him move out. Ah, Peter said, "Sit down and shut up." Because Isaiah said with stammering lips, "Yes, sir." That ain't happen yet. So, we have to wait for the fulfillment of what promise. Don't come and tell me I have what I don't have. I've got it to get and I will get it. And when I get it, I will tell you this is that that the prophet spoke of. That's what Peter said. He wasn't identifying quote only. He said, "This is that that the prophet Joel spake of. It shall come to pass afterwards. I'll pour out my spirit upon all flesh." Oh, glory to God. here was poured upon 120 in the upper room. We don't have an upper room anymore. We don't have 120 in one mind, one accord, but Holy Ghost is poured out on individuals. Let me shout on that one. Glory to God. You don't have to wait for no group revelation, no group inspiration. The Holy Ghost is poured out on individuals. That is thus sayeth the Lord. I say it again. The Holy Ghost is poured on individuals. That means the Holy Ghost could pour on you tonight. It could pour on somebody watching this in their home. It could pour and dump upon them tonight. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Give the Lord a shout. Let me see if I can finish here. [Music] Listen to brother. Brother, I believe right now at this minute that the power of the Holy Ghost that's in this room to cheer every sick person there is and you can feel the cloud the size of a man hand. Scream and holler. Amen. What say holler? I hear the song of perfect healing. If you reject and say, "Well, I didn't get nothing." Then they will die out. the hot ways of hell and doubt will fade out of your soul. But when you get that little grain of seed, stand on it like the rock of Dalar. He said, "You are God's child. Satan has put that affliction upon you and you know and Christ has already healed every one of you." Let me run a little bit. Are you ready? A sinner come to the altar and say, "Brother Brandon, I want you to pray for me. I want to be good. You pray for me." And he going back to his seat. Next night, how many wants to be saved? He stands up. You want to be saved, young man? Yes, sir. Well, why don't you get saved? I don't know. He said the devil is holding that boy. That's all he wants to do right. There's a spirit. There's a power that won't let him do right now. Hallelujah. Here it is. No wonder God would never let a true man of God ever say he could heal somebody. And God can't save you. He already done it. The only thing you have to do is accept it. He already done it. I wasn't saved 20 years ago. I was saved 1900 years ago. But 20 years ago, I received it and accepted it. Oh, praise God. The only thing that kept me from being saved when I was 12 years old because a spirit hung over me. A devil saying wait a little longer. That's the reason you wasn't saved. When you become the age of accountability, a spirit you got with a crowd has hovered over you, kept hanging over you. You wanted to do right. There's not a man that's got his right man that wants to do right. But there is something that won't let you do right. That's the devil. Hallelujah. You get ready. Here we go. He commissioned his church to cast them devils out. There you are. In my name shall cast out devils. You ain't going to heal nobody. You're going to cast the devil away from them so they can accept the healing that has already been done. So people come to church and it's devils on them. We're going to call them devils out. We're going to cast them out. We're going to rebuke them devils out. We're going to preach the gospel until people be free. That's what the gospel is about. Give the Lord some praises. There we go. Let's But Ram nail it with this one. Preacher, stood on the platform. preach the gospel. Devil scatter. The man come to the altar under conviction. I want to get saved. He never saved the man. He cast out the devil. And that's how the man got saved. And here nailing it down. Now, that's the same thing by divine healing. You sick people here this morning. Believe that you have been born again as sons out of God. Christ has already healed you. The only thing keeping from being well this morning is a spirit hanging over you that won't fully fully let you go out yonder and believe God's promise that he done it. That's right. That's my commission. Here we go. That's what God gave me. Is what he gave every gospel preacher who would believe him. The power and authority to break that spirit. That is what God give behind the pulpit. The power and the authority to break that spirit that is hindering you from your deliverance, hinding you from your healing, hindering you from being set free. The power and authority he give every gospel preacher. Give the Lord a shout in the house. Glory. So brother the anointing here now he said I believe with all my heart that every demon power that in here this minute is already broken. I believe there's every sick person here right now feels a lot different. He said if that is right raise up your hand. You who are sick. What's the matter? The devil has broke away from you. He has to because faith come by hearing and hearing the word of God. So he's on the anointing now. You can be healed right now to fulfill that commission. You people that are sick this morning while the spirit is upon you while you feel the spirit of God. Oh glory to God. Hallelujah. He's showing them to ride the anointing and to claim the healing and breakthrough deliverance. I'm going to skip out. All right. Music come, please. I'll skip some things. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You talking about Ephesus here, settle like Joshua, Ephraim here, Manisa here. He divided the land. Each one of those Hebrews mothers. I'm almost done. Music come, please. Each one of those Hebrew mothers giving birth to those children, she spoke the very place in her labor pains where they'll be positioned in the promised land. Yes, sir. He said, "Watch each of those mothers when she called out Ephraim, she was in labor, positionally plac him where his feet is set in oil." Joshua, not knowing this, but by inspiration, led of the Holy Spirit. After being into the promised land, give each man his promise exactly what the Holy Spirit promised through the birth back there. how that God has set some in the church through their labor pains. Oh, they get tremendous sometimes. And then he said this, when a church I can't remember how much time I quote this, but I'm quoting it fresh tonight. When a church is groaning under the persecution of the outside world, believing on the Lord Jesus that the promise of the Holy Ghost is not what these message believers and message preachers teaching now. them to preaching a different kind of Holy Ghost. That the promise of the Holy Ghost is just as real to us as it was to Pentecost, how they grown and cry on labor pains. But when they are born and positionally born into the kingdom of God, then the Holy Ghost has set in the church. Some apostles, some prophets, some teachers, some pastors, some evangelists. Then ministers claiming all kind of power and all kind of position now. But he say when it going to be born and positionally born. How? By labor pains. How? Under labor pains. There is no way we could es escape it. God had labor pains to position place for you. Yes, sir. You have pos labor pains to get in your position. Oh, give the Lord some praises. I'm done tonight. All right. Let me close with this here. Just two more pieces and I'll close. You woman out there with painted fingernails. $50 coat wrap around you$100 $100 dress on and you can't kneel long. You won't skip then call yourself the Holy Ghost church. You need to be ashamed of yourself and repent. What we need tonight is this bunch of impersonating the Holy Ghost. This bunch of people impersonating the Pentecostal church or to hit the sort of stra down here and mourn under that until God comes down and give you the Holy Ghost. What we need tonight, this blessed Pentecostal impersonators, he said the altar is open. He said the sword of stra is ready. If you want a revival, start it in your own soul. The shame, impersonating, acting like the rest of the churches went out for Babylon. Half cousin running around. He said, "God bless your people come to the altar." So they told me I preached two hours, I done it again tonight. Let me tell you something, brother. You're either marked in or marked out. If you got a bit of spirit about you tonight that you know that you are wrong, there's the old solders trail and a moers's best down here for you to stay there. Here we go. And moan and groan under the labor pains until God come down and fill you with the Holy Ghost. When I say hear that things like that, moan and groan. Anybody moaning and groaning? Those words are not spoken any morning message. moan and groan on the labor pains until God comes and fill you with the Holy Ghost. Begin to speak something. You say you're excited. How do you know about Asuza Street? You are not 50 years old. What are you talking about street? I know. I don't know very much, but I know somebody who knows everything and he's able to tell us. I know the Pentecostal church needs a Holy Ghost revival. Yes, sir. Not a bunch of music with bunch of painted up clunks. You need to get out of your cycle turtle self and come down to the altar and repent like the rest of the sinners does. He's talking to church folks now. I know you think I'm beside myself, but I'm not. How many here would like to have an experience like that? Raise your hands. Everybody in here would like to have an experience. This altar is open. You're invited to come here and kneel with me. And preachers, get yourself ready and get the starch out of you. This is brother Bana rebuking the preachers for the starch. Get over here and let's kneel around. God bless you. Let's have a revival. Oh father God, I thank you. Let's all stand. I thank you for your presence tonight in the word. God, you had your labor and it's time for us to labor. Father, it's the law of life. It takes labor to bring forth. A woman wed in travail has much sorrow, but when she bring forth is joy. Oh God, we know that the Messiah will be born and we know this word will be born into manifestation. Oh God, may it start tonight in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. God bless you. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, praise him. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Give him praise tonight. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you father. Praise the name of the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. Glory to God. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Appreciate the Lord tonight. You appreciate the Lord tonight. Appreciate the word tonight. Oh, blessed be your wonderful name Lord Jesus. Oh, praise God. Amen. and God in his labor of pain to bring you forth. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Blessed be your wonderful name, Lord. Amen. Many amen. Praise God. Oh, give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. Oh, give me that old time religion. Old time religion. Give me that old time. Oh, it's goody. Oh, it will make you love your brother. It will make you love your brother. It will make you love your brother and it's good enough for me. Oh, give me that old time. Give me that. Give me that old time. Oh, it's goody. Oh, it will make you love your brother. It will Oh, how many want you to love your brother tonight? Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. It's good enough for me. Oh, it was good for Paul and Silas. It was good. Hallelujah. Oh, it was good for Paul and Oh, and it's good enough for Oh, it was good for the Hebrew children. It was Hallelujah. Glory. It was good for the Hebrew children. And it's good. Oh, it was good for brother. It was Hallelujah. Glory. It was good for brother and it's good. Oh, and give me that old man. Glory to God. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, give me that old time religion and it's good. Oh, we are children of the father. Oh, we are jointes parade with the son. [Music] We are the people. Oh, of the kingom. Oh, we are family. We are Oh, we are children tonight. Oh, we are. Glory to God. Oh, we are with the son. We are the people. Oh yes, Lord of the Kingom. Hallelujah. We are We are one. One more time. Oh, we are children of the Yes, Lord. Glory to God. We are Oh, with the Oh, God chose you by election tonight. Oh, yes, Lord. Your father is Elohim tonight. Glory to God. Oh, let us labor. Let us labor. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, we are. One more time. Oh, singing. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Sing it out. Oh, that Jesus. Oh, you are free tonight. Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. So glad that my Jesus set me free. Sing it. Glory. Hallelujah. Jesus. Satan had me bound. Oh, and Satan had me bound. But my Jesus, hallelujah, Satan. Oh, but my Jesus set me free. Hallelujah Satan. Oh, but Jesus set me free. Oh, singing glory. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus, I'm on my way to heaven. I am on my way to heaven and I'm shouting. Oh, the bride will leave here shouting glory. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, and I'm shouting the victory. I am on my way to heaven and I'm shouting the victory. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Give him praise. Give him praise. You just give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Give him a shout of praise tonight. Just give him praise. Raise your hands. Close your eyes and praise him tonight. Just praise the Lord tonight. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He labored to bring us forth tonight. Give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Thank you, Savior. Thank you for the word tonight. Thank you for the victory tonight. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Amen. Let's just bow our heads and close our eyes. We want the brothers to come forward. So, we want to pick up the nice tithes and offering. Thank you, Savior. Heavenly Father, Lord, we pause at this time, Lord, to pick up the tithes and offering, Lord, which is part of the worship, part of the service. Father, we pray that you bless it and sanctify it and may it be used all of your honor and your glory in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. [Music] Oh, let us labor for the master from the dawn till setting sun. Let us talk of all his wondrous love and care. Then when all of life is over and our work on earth is done and the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there when the roll when the rope is called up. Oh when the ro is calling. Oh, when the Oh, it's going to be awender. [Music] Let us labor for the master. Let us from the dawn dawn. Let us talk of his wondrous. Let us talk of all his wondrous love and care. Then when all life is over, then when all of life is over and our work on it is done and the roll is called done, I'll be there. When the roll and the Hallelujah. Oh, and the road is called up. Yeah. Hallelujah. When the roy call up the When the [Music] Oh, when the trumpet of the Lord shall sound. Oh, when the trumpet of the Lord shall sound. That time, and the morning breaks, and the morning breaks, eternal bridal, when the saved of it shall gather, when the saved of earth shall gather over on the other shore. and I'll be there. Sing it tonight. Oh, when it's called up, when the Oh, is called up yonder. Oh, when the road Oh is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. You believe that tonight? Amen. Praise God. Amen. Uh give the Lord a hand of praise for that message tonight. The word from the Lord. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Appreciate God's servant, God, in his labor pain to bring you forth inspiration. Let us labor tonight. Thank you Jesus. A continuation from on Sunday. Amen. Praise God. You appreciate God's servant. Amen. May God bless his servant. Amen. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Amen. Just one note of praise from sister Kangley. And she's thanking God for letting me see another birthday. Also thank the saints for all their birthday wishes and greetings. And she loves and appreciate all of you tonight. God bless you sister Kangi. God continue to bless you. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. So, let us bow heads and close our eyes. We want to just close off tonight. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Heavenly Father, we are so grateful tonight to have been here, Lord. Lord, what a rich word tonight. What a word of faith, Lord. An encouragement to our hearts tonight, Lord. that even as you Lord God before time before the beginning Lord you in your labor pain brought us forth Father you saw us Lord you chose us by elective love Father even so we now Lord Jesus must labor Lord to strive to enter into that rest Lord laboring for our prayer lives laboring Lord for every promise Lord Jesus laboring Lord for the inheritance laboring for revival Father laboring for the Holy Ghost to enter into that Holy Ghost land of rest, Father. Lord, may we not stop, Lord. May we not get ease in Zion, Father. May we not feel that we have arrived, Father, but keep pressing, Lord. Lord, you're a fountain of infinity, Lord. There's more of you to have, Lord Jesus. Lord, there's filling after filling after filling. There's revival after revival. There's power after power, Lord. Lord, may we keep pressing on, Lord. Lord, as we move all the way from faith to charity, Lord, thank you tonight for that word, Lord. A word induced, a word induced season tonight. Thank you for your servant, Lord. We appreciate him, Lord. Continue to bless him, Lord, and strengthen him, Father. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Bless your people, Lord, as we strive Lord for the mastery. As we strive, Lord, to perfection, Father, bring your people to perfection. Bring us to adoption. Bring us to humility. You bring us to true bodily kindness. Bring us to love and and and charity, Father. Lord, we yearn for these things, Father. We want to be more like you, Lord. We want to be better Christians, Father. Lord, and have your perfect way with each home, each family, every brother, every sister here tonight, both present and online. And Lord, Lord, we commit Lord the entire body of of the church into your presence, into your hands, Father, as we were dismissed from this place, but not from your presence. Go with your people, Father, and bring us back on Sunday, Lord, to praise and worship your matchless name. Father, we love you with all our hearts tonight, Lord. Teach us how to love you more, Lord. Teach us how to pray. Teach us how to intercede. Teach us how to believe, Lord, without wavering. Father, increase our faith, oh Lord. These mercies we ask in Jesus name with thanksgiving. Amen and amen. Praise God. Give the Lord a hand of praise one more time. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Just raise your hands. Just thank him tonight. Oh blessed be your name Lord. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you father. Oh thank you Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. We love you Lord. We praise you Lord. Thank you for your word tonight. Thank you for your spirit tonight. Hallelujah. Blessed be your name. Amen. Amen. So God richly bless you tonight. Amen. You may be seated. Your grace and mercy brought me through. Oh yes, Lord. I'm living this morning [Music] because of you. I want to thank you Lord and praise you too. Your grace, your grace and mercy, Lord. Amen. So God bless you tonight. We're dismissed. Amen. No service on Friday. Amen. But we continue on Sunday. Amen. In the house of the Lord at 10:00 a.m. Amen. Ushers to come forward. Amen. We appreciate every one of you. Amen. God richly bless you. I'm living this moment because of you. I want thank you Lord and praise you too for your grace and mercy. [Music] Lord be merging. Your grace and mercy has brought me through. Hallelujah. Glory. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Hey, [Music]
