################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - When You Stand Praying For Charity Forgive - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-11
Title:   When You Stand Praying For Charity Forgive - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2GGyrKKyms
========================================

[Music] Thank you, Jesus. Just raise your hands and give him praise this morning in your own way. Just give him praise. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. We love you this morning. We bless your name, Lord, in the sanctuary. We lift you up, Lord. We exalt you, Lord. Thou art worthy, thou art worthy, Lord. We praise you this morning, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Let's sing that song. I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slave. Give him glory. Give him glory. Oh ye people for his blood can wash away. Let's sing a verse. When I saw the cleansing fountain and when I saw the cleansing fountain open wide for all my sins. Oh, open wide for all my sins. I obey the spirit's wooing. Oh, I obey the spirit when he said, "Wil willilt thou be clean?" Oh, when he said, "Will thou be [Music] clean?" More singing. I will praise him. Hallelujah. [Music] I will praise him. Praise the Yes, [Music] Lord. Give him glory. Oh, give him glory. your people for his blood for his blood can [Music] wash. Then God's fire upon the [Music] altar. Sing it. Then God's fire upon the oil of my heart was set a flame. Oh my heart was set up. I shall never cease to praise him. Oh singing, I shall never cease to praise. Glory, glory to his name. Oh, singing glory, glory to him. Oh, can we praise him this morning? I will praise him. Sing it this morning. Oh, I will praise him. I Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, I praise the lamb for sinners. Hey, give him glory. Oh, give him glory. Hallelujah. Holy people. Oh, for his blood and wash. Oh, just one more verse. Blessed be the name of Jesus. Go and blessed be the name. I'm so glad he took me in. Oh, and I'm so glad he took He's forgiven my transgressions. Oh, and he's forgiven my trans. He has cleansed my heart from sin. Oh, and he has cleansed my heart from sin. And everybody sing this morning with all your heart. I will praise him. Sing I will praise him. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Praise and praise the lamb for [Music] sinners. Oh and give him glory. Holy people, pour his blood and wash away each day. Well, just give him praise. Give him praise. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Oh, we praise you this morning, Lord. We lift you up this morning, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Somebody praise him this morning. Praise him with all your heart this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Glory to God. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Praise God. God bless you this morning. Amen. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Amen. We appreciate each and every one of you. Amen. A special salute and welcome to the mothers this morning in Jesus name. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Happy Mother's Day to all the our wonderful sisters in the house. Amen. Let's turn to our Bibles to Psalms chapter 93. Praise God. Verses 1:5. Glory to God. [Music] Amen. Amen. Verse one. The Lord reignth. He is clothed with majesty. The Lord is clothed with strength wherewith he had ged himself. The world also established that it cannot be moved. Thy throne is established of old. Thou art from everlasting. The floods have lifted up, oh Lord. The floods have lifted up their voice. The floods lift up their waves. The Lord on high is mightier than the noise of many waters. Yay. Than the mighty waves of the sea. Can we say amen this morning? The thy testimonies are very sure. Holiness becometh thine house, O Lord, forever. Praise the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Blessed be your holy name, Lord Jesus. Praise your wonderful name. Amen. Let's just bow ears and close our eyes. Amen. You begin to pray this morning, desperation in your heart. Amen. That the Lord will move in a mighty way this morning and meet every need. Forget who's next to you. Forget your problems on the outside. Amen. Put lay them at the feet of the cross this morning. Amen. And just give him praise. You'll be his servant this morning. Thank you Lord Jesus. Heavenly Father, Lord, your people are gathered together this morning under the banner of love in your name. Lord, you promise to be here this morning, Father, we invite the Holy Spirit, Lord. We came humbly this morning with thanksgiving in our hearts with joy in our hearts, Lord, to be here, Lord. Father, Lord, may you unite our hearts together, Father, in one in one accord. Lord, may you ignite our hearts with fire, the fire of the Holy Ghost, Lord. May you open up the windows of heaven and pour out your glory pour out your blessings upon your people this morning. Even as the praises go up. May your glory, may your power, may your anointing fall down this morning. Fall on your people, Father. May we never be the same again. Lord, may this be a life-changing experience. Father, may your spirit, Lord, flow freely, Father, this morning, Lord. Heal the sick and afflicted. Raise the dead as it were. Lord, may your miracles pour out in this place, Lord. Miracles of changed lives, miracle of transformation, a miracle of the Holy Spirit and power filling and refilling your people, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. We look to you this morning, Father. We surrender all to you, Lord. And we lay everything at your feet, Lord. Bless your word as it will come forth in power, Lord, and move in a mighty place this morning in a mighty way, Lord. Father, we commit everything now into your hands, Lord, and may everything be done in decency and order. All for your honor and glory. These mercies we ask in Jesus name with thanksgiving. Amen and amen. Praise the Lord. Give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Just turn around and greet somebody. Amen. This morning, Amen. A big smile, a big welcome. Amen. The cloud of glory is moving. Move with the cloud. Amen. Thank you Jesus. Praise God. Amen. The cloud of glory is moving. Move with a cloud. Oh, where the cloud the cloud glory is moving Lord. singing is one of our [Music] glorious glorious. [Music] Oh, with the Oh, the cloud of [Music] glory. Oh, with the singing the cloud of glory. Hallelujah. With a cloud. Oh, let your spirit Oh, let your spirit arise. Let your strength be renewed. Come let us move all together as you follow the way he leads. New life you will receive. As we move with a cloud over the cloud of glorious. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh glory with a cloud. Oh, how glorious with a cloud of glory. Thank you Jesus. Oh let your spirit arise. Hallelujah be renewed and come. Let us move on to pray. as you glory. Thank you Jesus. Oh move with us. Hallelujah. Move. Oh as you move with us. Hallelujah. Move with us. Oh as you Oh glory. Let your spirit let your spirit arise. Let your strength. May your strength be renewed this morning. Oh, hallelujah as you follow the way you lead. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Oh, one more time. The cloud. Oh, the power of glory. Yes. Sing and move. Oh, glory. Oh, the cloud of glory. Yes. Hallelujah. With a cloud of glory. Oh, let your hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Glory. Oh, as you follow the way, new life, you will receive. One more time with all the music. Let your spirit, let your hallelujah come. Oh hallelujah. As you follow. Thank you Jesus. Oh give him praise. Give him praise this morning. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Oh just praise him this morning. Just praise him. Give him a praise this morning. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Just praise him. Just worship him this morning. Give him a shout of praise. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. We love you, Lord. We praise you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, glory to God. Oh, we praise his name. His wonderful name. Oh, oh, his wonderful name. Oh, his name is to be praise. Oh, his name is to be praised. Oh, we praise his name for his wonderful. Somebody praise him this morning. Glor. Oh, his name is to be praised. Praise his name. Oh, his name is Hallelujah. Who wants praising city bar? Who wants praising city bar of praise? praising the book of praise. He praising he praise you. Hallelujah. Glory. Thank you, Jesus. Glory to God. Hallelujah. If you know he's done something for you this morning, praise him. Praise him. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Glory. Glory to God. Let me heal your body. Praise him. Hallelujah. Glory. Let me save you. Praise him. Let me tell you, praise him. Glory. Thank you, Jesus. Oh yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. For his wonderful name is we praise you. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. So, as the music plays, just praise him in your own way this morning. Hallelujah. Open your mouths and praise him. Thank you, Jesus. Praise him for what he's done. Praise him for what he's about to do for you this morning. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. One more time, give the Lord a shout of praise. Thank you, Savior. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Glory. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Glory. Yes, Lord. Oh, praise his name. His name is to be praised. We praise his name. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise him. Praise him. [Music] Somebody's crying, Lord, come by here. Somebody's crying, Lord, come by here. Somebody's crying, Lord, come by here. Oh Lord. Oh, you have a cry in your heart this morning. Somebody's crying, Lord. Somebody's crying, Lord. Somebody here. Oh, somebody. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Somebody is crying. He's here to meet your need. He's here to answer your prayer this morning. Yes, Lord. Oh, Lord. Oh, Lord. Hallelujah. Somebody's praying, Lord. Somebody's praying, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Somebody's praying, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, I'm desperate, Lord Jesus. I'm desperate for you, Lord Jesus. Come by here this morning, Lord. Oh, yes, Lord. Oh, yes, Lord Jesus. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Somebody needs you, Lord. Somebody needs you, [Music] Lord. Oh Lord, sing somebody. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Lord, oh Jesus. Oh, we need you, Lord God. Oh, we are helpless without you, Lord Jesus. Oh Lord. Oh Lord, oh Lord. Oh come by hear my Lord sing. Come by here my Lord come by. Oh you beseech him this morning. You beg him. Hallelujah. Come my way this morning Lord. Oh come by here this morning Lord. Come by here this morning Lord. Oh God. Oh God. Yes Lord Jesus. Oh come by here. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah Lord. Oh somebody's right Lord. Somebody's [Music] right. Yes Lord Jesus. Lord [Music] God. He always hears a desperate cry. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah Jesus. Yes, Lord. Oh, Lord. Oh, Lord. Oh, Lord. I need the Holy Ghost. Lord, I need the Holy Ghost. Come by. Yes, Lord Jesus. Lord, I need Oh yes, Lord Jesus, come by. Oh Lord, I need the Holy Ghost in your body. Oh Lord. Oh Lord. Who has a music play? Just raise your hands, close your eyes, and sing it unto them. Talk to him this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Just take a few moments and talk to him. Yes, Lord Jesus. If you mean business this morning, he's there to meet that need this morning. Oh, glory to God. Oh, maybe there's one desperate brother, one desperate sister this morning. Maybe today is your day. You cry out to him this morning. Oh, glory. Oh yes. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Oh Lord. Yeah. Thank you Lord. Give him praise. Give him praise. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, blessed be your name. How many appreciate the Lord with all your heart this morning? You love him with all your heart this morning. [Music] Jesus, [Music] Jesus, Jesus. You call upon him this morning. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Jesus sing. Oh, Jesus. Oh, you Jesus. Jesus. Father singing. [Music] Father, father, father. One more time. Sing it. Father, father, father. Call your father this morning. Oh yes, [Music] father. Oh, spirit of the living God. Spirit fall fresh upon your people this morning Lord. Spirit spirit spirit. Oh spirit spirit. Hallelujah. Let your living water sing. Let your living water flow over my soul. Let your Holy Spirit come and take control. Oh, of every situation of every situation that has troubled my mind. All my guests sing. All my guilt and burden unto you. All my All my guest sing. All my burden unto you. All my guilt. Oh All I All I You are. One more time. All I All I is to you. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Father Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Father, Father, Father, he's the Holy Spirit spirit. Hallelujah. All my burden, all my kids and burden unto you. All my care. Oh my. Hallelujah. Oh. Oh [Music] my. I keep on playing. Let's worship the Lord. Let's worship the Lord. Father, we praise you. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for your presence, Lord. Thank you for your spirit, Father. Thank you for the anointing, Father. Thank you for breaking the yoke this night. Thank you for healing. Thank you for delivering. Thank you for sealing. Thank you for reviving. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, we lay all our cares at your feet tonight. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Have your way among us in a special way in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. You have a seat. Oh my. Hallelujah. That's a beautiful song. All my cares and burden. Do you have cares this [Music] morning? Praise God. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Praise God. Praise God. God bless you and happy Mother's Day to all the mothers here among us. Want to say God bless you all and it's a a blessing and a privilege to be a mom and Jesus is also looking for the birth of this child, this manchild. God is looking for that manifestation in our hearts and all our lives. So want to bring you greetings uh from Ivory Coast and also from uh also a church Bible tabernacle in the USA. I was there preaching and um pastor Kenneth Luva is the is love is the the pastor of the church there. Amen. So it's a great privilege for us to be here this morning and I welcome each and every one of you. So today I want to share something with you. I I want to have a message like to play with to to you and um I want to read a scripture here. from Matthew 24:42-51. Um, it says here, "Watch therefore, for you know not what hour your Lord come." This is Jesus speaking. For know this that if the good man of the house had known in what watch the thief would come, he would have watched and would have not suffered his house to be broken up. Therefore, be also ready, for in such an hour as he think not, the son of man cometh. Who then is a faithful and wise servant whom the Lord had made ruler over his household to give them meat in due season? Blessed is that servant whom is Lord when he come and shall find so doing. Verily I say to you that he shall make him ruler over all his goods. But if that evil servant shall see in his heart, my lord delayeth his coming. Now they're not saying with the mouth. They're saying that with their heart. And what they say in their heart cause them to act and manifest a certain way. That evil servants in his heart, my lord the l is coming and he shall begin. This is the action. Now he shall begin to smite his fellow servants and to eat and drink with the drunkards. The lord of that servant shall come in a day when you look at not for him and in awe that he's not aware of and shall cut him aunder and appoint his him his portion with the hypocrites. there shall be weeping and nashing of teeth. So this is a very interesting scripture here because it means then that the prophecy is that there come a time when people will say the Lord delay is coming. Now if you say the Lord is coming then I could fight you and battle because coming is a far off. But if we understand 2 Thessalonians 4:16 the Lord has descended with a shout then the bride don't say the Lord delay is coming. The bride say the Lord has descended and giving us preparation for his coming. In other words, he's appearing now in order to show us a sign that he's coming. Isn't that right? So the bride of Christ will not say the Lord delay is coming. You can't go and smite your fellow servant, smite your sister, smite your brother, and you are the big smite man. It can't work that way. Amen. But what I want to say and this is interesting uh speaking about Mother's Day and Baram says that regardless of how uh wicked or how bad a woman is when she's about to have a baby a sweet spirit comes over that woman because there's a spirit life around her waiting to catch that baby. So a sweet spirit comes around that woman before she gives birth to that baby. Regardless of what kind of woman it is. regardless of what kind of woman it is, a sweet spirit come around her. So I'm asking, where is that sweet spirit before the word is born into manifestation? Because it's a prophecy that the word that's in you is to be born into manifestation. In other words, the word in you have to come to life. But before that happens, there got to be a sweet spirit that come among the people. Isn't that right? Now we read that on wet Friday and I'm not going to go back into that about the pope and and and so on like that from America. We know the prophecy but in that message he said that uh uh the church of God from the the the real bride from all the different groups at that time he said Baptist, Methodist, Pentecostal but we know what it is right now. All the different interpretations the elect of that group that going to make up the body of Christ they will be welded together or knit together or driven together by the love of God. So something have to drive the people. Praise God. by by the love of God. Isn't that right? Something going to move us. Something going to stir us our spirit. Now he also said, I'm not going to read another quote. He also said once the devil go on a rampage when Christ is being formed in Mary. So when Christ was being formed in Mary, here come the laws now come and bring taxation. So Mary had to leave where she was to journey to Nazareth because there is where the prophecy the child manager going to be born. So you say watch the devil move on a rampage when when Christ has been formed in you. Oh glory to God. So is it that this pope that take out America he is as big sign you know that not a slight thing. There's a big thing we are just around the corner now. So that he have a sign that that's a sign there but we have to have our sign. And I am saying the sign that come for the bride is the spirit of sweetness. the spirit of brotherly kindness because the prophet did say that we only have heard the message intellectually but we have to lay in his presence until it ripen until it gets sweet until it ba down. So all this revelation and mysteries have to come into our life. It's not the word becomes more word. It's the word to become flesh. And when the word become flesh it could live, it could act. It could do. Oh give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let me say this to you. All the virtues and the characteristics of charity is for this side of life. We don't need that on the other side. Charity suffered long and is kind. You don't need that on the other side. We need that here. Hallelujah. Thinketh not his own. Is not easily provoked. Beareth all things. Believeth all things. Hope all things. Endure at all things. That is for here because the other side is perfect. You don't need a fifold on the other side. You don't need a man of God in the hall or some bishop and some message pope on the other side. You don't need all of that in the other side. Other side is perfect. We need charity here. We need love here. We need a sweetness here. We lead take right here. You don't even need to plan on the other side. You plan here. You make goals here. You you set goals and achievement here. You press your way here. The kingdom is preached here and every man press into it. Give the Lord a shout in the house this morning. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Over here you feel pain, disappointment, grief, loneliness, tiredness, weariness, upset, mad at this one, angry at this one. But thank God you have a perfect standing through the blood. your your state is up and down. Your state is variable. But God, when God looked down over through his blood and he sees you, he see you and he drop your charges. He dismiss your case. No matter what the church members say, no matter what your neighbors say, no matter what your people say, it doesn't matter what they say. It matter what God say. And if God say he dropped your charges, he dropped your charges and he has dismissed your case. Give the Lord some praises. Glory. And we know from based upon Friday, if you haven't heard the Friday premitting exaltation, it's on YouTube. You can go and listen to it. Based upon Friday, the accuser accused us before God. So he in God's presence, look, he did. She did. And Jesus only in blood. Blood. Blood. That's all she bring. Blood. I pay for that. I pay for that. You can't bring that. I pay for that. I pay for that. Since past to come, I pay for that. So the coins, we know the woman who lost the coin in the Bible just quickly. But I'm talking about it didn't have a a wedding ring at that time, a coin around a head, a band, and then the band have coins to live clean to him and so on like that. Then he said you could find that in Galatians 5. What Galatians 5 says, um, love, joy, peace. That's a life. They they not loving yourself and you have love but you loving yourself you oho I love me that nothing special you're going to sing you know because the Bible prophesied that men shall be lovers of themselves that is not kind of love we talking about you know if you have love you have to show it how you going to love and gossip about somebody and love them you're bad talking them and you love them what kind of love is that triny love that no Bible All right. So, so, so it was coming dark and the woman realized she lost a coin and if you catch it without a coin, you take it to the temple and then you you're dismissed. When the husband come and see without a coin, they know something went wrong. You're dismissed. You're divorced. That's the end of it. So, this woman know she didn't do anything wrong and off key, but she was sick sitting that coin. And the Bible says the neighbors can see the dust flying. That's when you serious. You see when you're in the flesh and you want to sweep casual, you don't want neighbors see your house so dirty. So, you're sweeping easy. Easy, easy. Sometime you sweep under the carpet and all easy. You're praying so sure. But when you're really desperate, you care what the neighbors see. Carpet going out, pictures going out, all kind of thing going out. You say, "But what's wrong with that woman? Boy, look at stuff coming out that house." Yes, because I'm looking for something. He that seek shall find. He that knock the door shall be open. He that askketh shall be given. You're too quiet. You're too ordinary. You have to fight here. You nothing to fight across there. You know, when I get over yonder, we'll be singing and shouting. When I get over yonder, over yonder, but here you have to fight for every inch of ground that you know is your own. And this pastor, this preacher, this son is going to fight. I intend to fight. I fighting for myself and I'll fight it for you, too. If I take on your face, I sign up here and stop preaching. Well, I don't bother with your face because I believe you're going to come through anyhow. I don't preach to your face. I'll get scared up here. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Look at me started this. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sometime I come here, I see you low. I see you down. I see your battery run out. You forget to plug it in. Sometime you come with no charge at all. That's a tough one, you know, because when you have no charge, you can't praise God. You can't shout your mouth tight. You're heavy like lead. And we have to preach you out of that condition and give you a kind of instant charge charge from your theophony. You come here and feel good about yourself. You come here, you feel good about God. You feel good about the cross. You feel good about Jesus. You feel good about the blood. God didn't send brother Brandham to make us religious. Too much a churchy fire. Afterward, it's hard to resemble the church. It's not resembling the church. resembling Jesus, too churchified. Hallelujah. That's what happened to the the scribe and Pharisees and they were so churchified. They going to How come disciples not washing their hands before? Everything is a ceremony. Everything is a ceremony. It's a ceremony. You see that black smoke and blue smoke and going to smoke in the Vatican, right? White smoke and thing is a different kind of obia, but the same obia business. They don't know it as that, but we know it as that. It's a different kind of witchcraft. Is the same same thing we talking about. But there was war in heaven. Michael Fort and the Dragon Fort. We know where we come from. We know where we going and we know what's against us. Oh, the Lord I shout. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Listen to this. Spirits don't die. It have a time for spirits to be uh go to hell and different things. It jump from generation to generation. The same Roman spirit that went and persecuted after Jesus and the children, that same Roman spirit is loosed on the earth is still here. It had gone over. It's still here. And the same fate of the fathers is living still. The same fate of the fathers is living still. In spite of fire, dungeon and sword inside of the king homeless Christians over the years, we are still alive. We still representing the kingdom. We still representing his power. Oh, give the Lord a shout. It's a blessing and a privilege to be a Christian in this hour. You got to remain a Baptist. You could have been a good Methodist, but God delivered you. We have somebody to praise him for this [Music] morning. You be seated. I told you on Friday I was 19 years old where I hear pastors talking about millennium and going home and I watching them so 19 years old they read the same books I read ministers pastors talk about going home and glory and the millennium and I watch it but all these prophecies the pope have to come up America no trial no test what wrong with these men something is really wrong with them you know guys are back they want to escape the transformation of the process of life in order to escape to heaven. I work in school and teacher tell me she said over there all the Christian you want to go to heaven and glory. said, "No, not this one. Not this one. I want to hear as a witness. I don't want to die and go to heaven." Glory go glory right now. The men glory waiting on us. We have the work to do here now. They without us not made perfect. We have something to do. We are something to press. So don't sit here and watch me like if you don't have something to do. I put a put that statement for my children chat. We have a study have shown that those who go out and fishing catch more fish than those who don't. Though there's a big study those who go out fishing catch catch more fish than those who don't. So if we don't testify and witness and testify of the grace that come to our hearts and lives, we have nothing to show God. Afterwards, your bank account is nothing, car is nothing, house is nothing, car is nothing that not going to the kingdom, you know, we have plenty believers going on, you know, and I see them to the car, house, land or money with them. Not one of those things went with them. But when I say what will count is what we do for the kingdom. That's the only thing that will count. So you love your family and you're doing this and that and the other, but what will count is what will for the kingdom. All right, let me say wrap up here. I'm talking about the woman had a house cleaning time and so on like that. So watch. All right, let me skip this now. He said when the church when that time comes prophecy when the church finds his brotherly love when the church finds holy sea when the church finds his place in Christ and this message need anything else. I tell my brother I tell a brother I want to fellowship with you. He say I can't fellowship with you because we don't believe the same thing. That is madness that is a cult. That is that not no message. That is foolishness. You can't sit down and fellowship with me around a meal because you don't believe I believe what I believe. Says only believe in what you believe then. But Jesus bust that. He said the scribe and Pharisees they love their own. But you do better than that because they have their own doctrine. So they love one another. He said, "I want you as my disciples to love them that hate you." He said they have the reward with their internal love that they have. That's internal affairs. But the love that I want you to demonstrate is that all men will know that you are my disciples. All men might know that by what? How we live, how we act, what we do, how we serve one another, how we respect one another, how we honor one another, how we appreciate one another, how we encourage one another. Once upon a time, a man can't like you don't know me. I am your neighbor. You are my neighbor. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. I feel good tonight. All right, we going good. Almost done. All right. So, the prophet said that's a new heart, new spirit, then the Holy Spirit. Ezekiel 36, right? He says that somebody got a new heart. Sometime they they misinterpret the new spirit for the Holy Spirit. He said, "But the new spirit was given to work with the Holy Spirit because you can't go from new heart to Holy Spirit. You got to get a new spirit that could work along to operate with the Holy Ghost." Well, I am saying I'm putting it to you now that it will take brotherly love to work with the love of God. So, we have to be able to exercise the spirit of forgiveness. I I I believe in my heart there's no Christian person could ever walk through this Christian journey without saying I forgive you or forgive me. Something must be done something will be done to you and something you would have to have done that you could say forgive me. That have to come out your mouth because Jesus before he he he died he said father forgive them they know not what they do. Even Jesus himself had to express that forgiveness. Forgiveness have been an issue a long time. That is why they asked Jesus how much time big question shall I forgive my brother? And the man had a number. He says them dimes. They even put that in the ring by a punch. Jesus says seven. He said 70* seven. He was he kill it that you could hold against your brother because you have to forgive him 490 times. Not a month or a year, a day. And you could never outgrow that. So as he hurt you, you forgive. As he do that, you forgive. You're not doing that for you're showing that that God could see in your heart that spirit of forgiveness. And then when you could work with brotherly love to your brother, then the love of God could come upon you. So the nine ingredients of love which include patience, kindness, generosity, humility, courtesy, unselfish. This courtesy is to the world. You can't be a Christian and have no testimony outside. Everybody know he's the baddest man in town, the baddest woman around you like you're half crazy. That cannot be. Christianity have to be able to demonstrate itself publicly. There be no token displayed on the other side. Token on this side. Token displayed. The blood being applied. The spirit abide. Let that angel pass for other side. Other side. You're cool. You're at rest. Isn't that right? So no, no, no, no. Those tears won't be accepted. I'll be looking at the other side say no, no, no, no, no. I be looking now on you say, "No, no, no, no, no, no. Never show that love when I was alive. Now I dead. Look what you doing. want to pat my pat me cheek are dead I'm not there gone for glory so what I'm saying then what we have to do let's do it the worst thing to do is not to take action that's the worst thing it's a decision not to act I love action sometimes you do it and you get it right some of you get it wrong don't be embarrassed All right two more and I'm out of here but Brandham he said now when you stand praying is reading the scripture forgive if you are ought against any that your father which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses but if you do not forgive neither will your father which is in heaven forgive your trespasses and this is the problem some people not only not forgiving you know they're not even forgiving themselves that's a big one is that because when you get the word applied to you and you know you did stuff all of us did stuff we bought this in you forget somebody forget [Music] Maybe some of you believe you're born of the Virgin Mary. But we all born in sin and shaping iniquity. We all have done stuff. So what I'm saying then God is saying these not the unbelievers. These not the sinners. These not for pan and marijuana smokers. This is the believers. When you stand praying, forgive. If you're coming to the altar and you recognize something against your brother, go back, get it right, and come back to the altar. Because if you come to the altar in that way, I'm not going to receive it. I'm not going to answer your prayer. So this connected with healing, deliverance, breakthrough, the transmission of your husband, your wife, your children, this connected to everything you could think about. This is it right here. Now, no 4 hour, 5 hour mystery preacher could escape this something by talking viol right now. This sermon right now, every every pulpit right now, we talk about the pope. I didn't come here for that this morning. He have his job to do and I have my job to do. We have our job to do. You understand what I'm saying? This is where the tire hits the road. There's a big mystery coming. Now, faith, Baron said, is based on forgiveness. Wait a minute. Real faith. Yes. Based on what? Shout it out. Faith is based on forgiveness. So when God sent a prophet to turn our hearts back to the faith of the fathers, it means he turning back to forgiveness. Now remember Mary was in the upper room not just be it done me according to thy word that's one part that be it done me according to thy word sister had to go in the upper room but said to overcome her pride of being Jesus mother so she might have see this Mary might have seen Mary Magdalene but in God eyes both Mary and Mary Magdalene is the same Mary no different in them sister know one is a higher one is a lower once is a sin wants us to sin a little bit. Go see that, you know, go see sinners blood. Go see transformation by his spirit. And once you understand that, you are free to love everyone, to treat everyone right. Do you understand what I'm saying? All right. So, faith is based on forgiveness. And then, as we said this morning, trying to get the church into a place where we could really see apostolic times moving among us is right at the door. We see it. We want to see more of it that it could flow out to others. And this is where you're going to get the message today. This is the last quote I have. You do real good. You can't say this dry. You know, if you don't have anointing here for this preacher half dead, you know. All right. So listen to he's praying. He said, "Heavenly Father, as we stand here, as many torches dying out in our hearts and the mystics of last year, we approaching the death of 1962 birth of 963. is the contest and leader. Talking about may there be a mighty Russian and so then he said this make us fit servants. Forgive our past. Bless our future. Guide us oh Lord with thy mighty hand Jehovah. Bless these ministers here. Bless all the lady, all the visitors. Be with us Lord. We are your servants that the power of your spirit might have the prayer ministers in our lives in our being. Help us God. Forgive us and help us. We pray. Raise up mighty men. Raise up mighty wires of the faith. Open this year Lord the hidden manner that rock beneath the rock that we might see the program of God. And then he pray this cap off the pyramid of our life. Lord put on the capstone Christ Jesus upon each and every one of us. May his great magnificent holy blessing be upon us all. May the fire of the Holy Ghost come upon us. May the power of resurrection be manifested. We are yours. We give ourselves holy to you. cap off the pyramid of our lives. Who knew what he was talking about? That there's a cap. He call it, Paul call it charity, the bond of perfectness. But I'm talking about all the virtues you could leak here in temperance, leak in patience. But when charity comes, it seals the whole thing in. Then you become a living moving monument. This is not fairy tale, fairy talk. When I 1975 when I come to this message, I was absorbing every book I could find. Everything I got to find, I was ravaging us. Uh eating anything. And I saw the prophecies. It looked almost impossible, but after 50 plus years, it's not impossible. It is right in front of us. All the promises, the same God that prophesied they would take a pope out of America is the same God that promised dynamics to this bride, latter rain for this bride, power for this bride, adoption for the bride, men being placed on a pillar of fire veiled in the sons of God in the last days. God promised it that God can't lie. We have confidence and trust in him. So, brother Brandon, pray this prayer. about a black man. Cap off the pyramid of our lives. And this morning when you stand praying for charity, the cap forgives. Let's go straight in that table. This is the message I preached the Friday night in New Jersey there. Praise the Lord. We're going to go straight into it. And may God bless you and have a good time in the Lord. And when you leave here, be forgiving one another and giving each other roses. God bless you. He is my everything both great and small. He gave himself for me. He made everything new. He is my head. None other will do. None other will do. Wealth is my everything. He is my all. He is my everything both great and small. He gave himself for me. [Music] everything. [Music] You He is my everything. None other will do. None other way. He is my everything. God bless you. God bless you. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] He is my [Music] everything that will Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Uh you may be seated just for a minute. We welcome the minister. I just want to take this opportunity to greet everyone of you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. and the family. Nice to see you last Sunday. Nice to see you and your precious wife. Amen. God bless everyone of you, brother Adam. God bless you so much once again. Amen. You are all welcome in the house of God. And may God just richly bless you. I know you came to the house of God with an open cup or an empty cup praying Lord my cup. Amen. Amen. So this evening we are having a visiting minister brother from Headstone Tabernacle in Trinidad. ministering for us uh today and on Sunday and also the coming week we'll be having brother Jabz from Nigeria who will be ministering also for us and we have a number of other ministers that are coming our way and so uh we are thankful to God that uh we have sermons of God who can pass our way and just uh minister to us the word of God. It is always good to hear the word also from another servant of God because sometimes you may think it is just something local here but I believe this message has gone everywhere and God has his men and women everywhere serving him in the vineyard of God. So I want you to believe it that way. We are not the only ones. And once you hear somebody saying we are the only ones, this is a big problem. I believe the bride of the Lord Jesus Christ is a mystical body. Amen. We have the bride of the Lord Jesus part of it in United States. Amen. Part of it in every nation of Africa. I know many folks who are born here, they think Africa is a country. Africa is a continent. Many, many countries. I believe in every country. We have God's children. Amen. There is none of us who will have that opportunity uh to travel to every nation and to preach to every tongue. But God has men over there doing the same. The mystical body of Christ. So I'm not the only preacher. The minister who is coming is not the only one. We have so many servants of God who are working in the vineyard. But we are so thankful to God that we have a message. Amen. That is our plumb line. Amen. There is a plumbed line. Amen. There is a blueprint. So we are so thankful that God spoke to us in this evening time using Malachi 4 as he promised in the word. Amen. In the days of the voice of the seventh angel we are still in those days till Jesus comes. Amen. Amen. So with those few remarks, I would like us to have an amber time uh just to hear from God. Amen. Aren't you happy to be in the house of God? Why you also not blessed uh when brother Jonathan was here? Amen. We thank God. And uh we were not the only ones who were blessed but people all over the world that were able to tune in left messages they were also. Amen. So God is still blessing his children. So may God bless you and may God keep you. Uh we will stand up and just sing uh that little song and you can lead me. Get that mic. He's everything. Amen. The last song. He's everything. Amen. As we welcome the minister. Amen. He is my home. He is my everything both great and small. [Music] He gave himself for me. Everything [Music] new. Let's sing it again. He is my everything. He is [Music] my great and small. both great and small. He gave his life for me. He g his life for me. Made everything new. My Lord, my Lord, he is my everything. He is my everything. [Music] Now, how about you? Thank you, Lord Jesus. God bless you as a privilege to be here and meeting brother. I hope I pronounce it right. And um every place that I go to, I have an expectation that this may be the time, this may be the people, this may be the season. God promised to do it. I don't know where I don't know when, but I'm supposed to believe that it could happen tonight. Not because I am here, but because we are here. And where the twos and trees are gathered together, he's in our midst. So God bless you, my brother. May God bless your pastor and your wife and family church. We want to have like fellowship. Amen. Greetings once again from the Headstone Tabernacle. If you have your Bibles, I like you to Ephesians 4 uh 29-32 and Mark 11 22- 26. So I'm going to read from Ephesians first. Ephesians 4 verse 29. Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers. and grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption. Let all bitterness and wrath and anger and clamor and evil speaking be put away from you with all malice. and be kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake had forgiven you. And from Mark 11, we want to read verse 22. And this is uh Jesus when he cursed the fig tree, the tree was dried up. and and and and in verse 22. And Jesus answered said unto them, "Have faith in God." For verily I say unto you, that whosoever shall say unto this mountain, be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, he shall that but shall believe that those things which see shall come to pass, he shall have whatsoever he saith. Therefore, I say unto you, what things soever you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them. And when you stand praying, forgive if you have ought against any, that your father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses. Neither will your father which is in heaven forgive your trespasses. Let's bow his hold of prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you Lord for this group this church for the pastor and the believers here. And I pray you take me out of the way tonight. Lord, I love the song that was sang tonight. I am so needy, Lord. so needy of you. Help us tonight, Father. Take me out of the way. Speak lift to air to your people. May the pillar of fire rest on my shoulder. Speak direct to your people tonight. May the anointing come down. Break every yoke. Break every fear. Heal the sick in our midst and confirm your word. Signs, wonders, and miracles. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. You may be seated. Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. What a fine atmosphere here tonight. Amen. Praise God. So I have a title. When you stand praying for charity, forgive. Now remember, charity never fail it. We need to get to there. That is the target. That is the goal. Other subject brotherly kindness as a sign of maturity or ripeness. Another inspiration, the bride's perfect standing by the blood. Okay, let's go. In the amplified the scripture we read from Ephesians, it said, "No, let no foul language or wordless talk ever come out your mouth, but your speech should be good and spiritual for the spiritual progress of others. Do not grieve the Holy Spirit. Let all bitterness, rage, passion. Now listen, Paul is not talking to unbelievers. He's talking to church folks. He's talking to church people that they have to put away these things. So he knew exactly that they had these things because it's one thing to come out of Egypt, but it's another thing for Egypt to come out of you. Israel came out of Egypt. That was not the issue. The issue was Egypt that was inside of them. Oh, praise God. So Jesus when he prayed the prayer our father prayer. He said lead us not into temptation for deliver us from evil. And then he said for if you forgive people if you don't for if you forgive if you for if you forgive people their trespasses and giving up resentment in other words you have to let it go. This word resentment is a feeling of angry displeasure at something regarded as wrong. It's a feeling of anger, frustration, and bitterness build up over time. And that's the enemy putting this one against that one. anger creep in. And brother Brandham said, "Don't ever let that spirit of bitterness get to you because it will grieve the Holy Spirit. It could even grieve the Holy Spirit from the church and you'll see where I get tonight." So forgiveness is to release people. It's like the creditor saying, "It's okay. I cancel your debt. You don't owe me anything. Even though you did me wrong, I forgive you. And I personally believe that God will not allow any Christian to walk this earth without saying, "Forgive me." Oh, I forgive you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So forgiveness can be expressed by stating that you will not remember. You will not take into account the personal offense. Forgiveness demonstrates compassion. And the book of Jude was what what what Jude said and of some have compassion making a difference. between brute beasts and people who are feeling the flesh. Their brothers and sisters will be under struggle but they love the Lord and of some have compassion. And there'll be those that are arrogant. They don't care. That's a different thing. But we are called to have compassion because Jesus, he lived that. He demonstrated that. He saw that. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. So this word forgiveness, true forgiveness, it come like something physical, to remove over someone, to lift up someone to pass over what they did to cover, to atone, to clean or to make whole. Note the woman called in a very acty She on Facebook. She on WhatsApp. She on whatever. Everybody know what she did. They come to Jesus. They said, "Moses say we have a quote for it. We have a quote. We have a quote. Moses say she should be stoned." Jesus said, "No problem." Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. But before your stone, before you do what you want to do, which one of you without sin, cast a full stone. And Jesus did not want to embarrass them. Jesus turn his back to them. Hallelujah. He knew beyond the flesh. He knew beyond the spirit, he knew what was in them. And he give them the opportunity. to walk away with excuses one by one. The woman was there ashamed. The woman was there, eyes closed. And when Jesus called her, where are the thy accusers? Because if there's no accusers, there's no case. Oh, give the Lord a praise. Hallelujah. If if there are no accusers, there is no case then you are free. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. Just li I am free. Oh, you are free. And who the son of man set free is free indeed. The Lord shout. This is Jesus. This is not a pastor or evangelist or an apostle. This is Jesus. Asked the woman, "Where are your accusers?" She said, "None, none. I ain't see nothing." He said, "Neither do I condemn. Go and sin no more. You are better than that. You are higher than that. God didn't grace us. Not just above the animals. God put us a little lower than the [Music] angels. Come back to me. Hallelujah. You are called to be a little lower than the angels. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. So this this is how God sees things. So tonight, I want you to push your feeling aside, your own thoughts about yourself aside. I want you to shift your past aside and listen to what God is saying by his word. Psalms 103 from verse 8. This is the psalm. The Lord is merciful and gracious, slow to anger and plenteous in mercy. This is just speaking. This is not evangelism. This is the Lord is merciful and gracious. You see, I I'll share something with you. Um we don't preach against ministers and pastors and my church the church back home we keep them away from a lot of confusion a lot of foolishness I don't know who God will use because when if we want to pick disciples you pick your cousin your Brother, that's how you would pick. But Jesus didn't pick like that. Jesus choose Peter and he choose Matthew, but Matthew was a tax collector. They didn't like him. Nobody likes the tax collector. Matthew, you can't tell Jesus who to choose who to use. You can't tell Jesus that. He called this one. He called that one. He called that one. This one don't like this one. This one can't stand that one. But they're in church. And Jesus said, "Turn around and preach your brother." And when you turn around, match you behind you. This one behind you. He wasn't looking for that. He wasn't expecting that. And you pulled back your hand. Jesus see you. He said turn around and greet your daughter. Turn around and greet that sister and greet that brother. Hallelujah. Because Jesus called him and Jesus called you. Give the Lord a praise. He said you have not chosen me but I have chosen you. Oh, give the Lord some shouts. And if God has chosen you, you have a right to shout, you have a right to praise God. Amen. Listen, the Lord is merciful and gracious, slow to anger, lend us in mercy. He will not always chide or keep his anger forever. He has not dealt with us after our sins, nor rewarded us according to our iniquities. For as the heaven is high above the earth, so great is his mercy, the west that fear him. as far as the east is from the west. So far he remove our transgression from us. Like as a father beatth his children, so the Lord beat them that for he knoweth our frame and he remember we are dust. Oh give the Lord some praises tonight. Oh glory to God. When we finish Tonight you will see is like a sin, the whole grudge, the whole resentment, the whole animosities because the person you have a against you are tied to them like like Spider-Man a string go You hate this one here. You have a string tied there. You can't forgive your father. You can't forgive your wife. You can't forgive your daughter or your son because he did this and he did that. And when you have 10 people, you have 10 strings. And when you start to forgive, try to cut them. Cut the string. Cuz these things have your bone. things have you heavy you can't go far with that that's why Jesus said pray but before you pray when you stand praying you have to forgive you know what Jesus did he give the third pull first the third pull your third pull first if you shall see to the mountain then he give the Second pull. When you pray, then he get the first pull. When you pray, if you have forgive because if you don't forgive, you will not be forgiven. And if you're not forgiven, it means you are in condemnation. And the prophet said, you're hanging over hell. If you don't forgive, one tread. Hallelujah. You would fall into hell without forgiveness. I'm going to prove it to you that Jesus before he hit the resurrection at the cross, he said, "Father, forgive them for they know not what they do." Even Jesus had to express forgiveness to those rascals that was saying crucify him. Crucify him. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Glory. Let's go, brother. And this is this is a key here for me, friends. There are so many things we could say tonight about the perfection and we are always trying to gouch the eyes of somebody else to make ourselves a little holier than they are. But if we look at the picture, it's only God's grace that we are what we are here. Sometime in Ohio, I learned a lesson the hard way and I'm going to summarize this and just jump a bit. Right. I went into a a restaurant to eat and I saw the slot machine going around the slot machine and then he saw the condition wrong in the in the restaurant and he thought, "Oh god, how can you stand it? I looked over to my right. I heard someone make out a big groanto and there set a woman about 60 years with vulgar clothes, little pair of sandals, purple fingernails painted stuck there. I said, God, why don't you destroy the whole thing? Why don't you just sink it beneath the earth? I said, "Is my little Sarah and Rebecca going to have to grow under such stuff?" Why do you send an earthquake and sink it? This is his thoughts. And as I was standing there condemning the woman, I stepped back behind the door. I felt the spirit of God come to me and I stepped behind the door and I see something swirling, a vision. It was the world turning around and around and I noticed around the world was a scarlet streak. I seen myself a little boy doing things that I ought not to do. And every time I did anything, I seen a great black shadow go towards heaven when God would have killed me at that minute. Then I see standing between me and God that perfect sacrifice. I see him standing there with the thorns on his head and every time my sins would start towards God, he would reach out and catch it like a bumper on the car. He was protecting me from death. And every time I do something wrong, God would have killed me. His holiness required it. But the blood of Jesus act like a bumper as I stood looking. I got a little closer to him and I noticed him. I could hear him say, "Father, forgive him. He doesn't know what he's doing." And I looked down and there laid a book. And there's a recording angel standing by his side. And every time I sinned, it was put on in the book and my name was on it. And I realized that someday that blood streak would be lifted and I have to stand in the presence of God with my sinful life. I've seen his mercy was holding off judgment. I went to him humbly. I went on my knees. I said, "Jesus, now son of God, I'm unworthy to come in your presence, will you please forgive me for what I have done?" He touched his side with his hand. He took the old book and wrote, "Pardoned and threw it behind him and my sins were gone." Then listen, he looked me stern in the face. He said, "Now, I have forgiven you, but you want to condemn her." Then the prophet said, "Then I seen what it mean." I come out of the vision. I walk over to her. I said, "How do you do?" She was drinking. I said, "Could I sit down?" She said, "I have company." I said, "I don't mean that that way, lady." I said, "Lady, a few minutes ago, standing behind the door." And I begin to tell her, and then the tears begin to run her cheeks. She said, "Lady, I you don't mean to do those things. Jesus died. The judgments of God is held off. She said no sir my father was a deacon in the church I was a Christian she tell me after his death is her husband I believe she had two young girls that went astray and the girls left her and she threw her life away she thought there was no more hope for her and I said God be merciful those who we forew he has called. She said, "Are you Reverend Brandham from down there?" I said, "I am." She said, "I'm ashamed of myself. Do you think there's a chance for me?" I said, "Jesus has his arms stretched out, waiting for you to come." I took her by the hand. I said, "Would you kneel here with me on the floor and there in the floor?" We broke up that place and had an oldfashioned meeting. And that woman is living a Christian life tonight. Now listen, I'm almost done with this here. He says, "God requires perfection. He requires your repentance. He requires your loyalty to God. And he is looking tonight. Here we go. Listen. No matter how much you have sinned, how little or how much, you are still a sinner. You know, people want to measure sin. You know, my sin smaller [Music] than it have a a measurement for sin. But you still sin. So watch. He said he requires your loyalty to him. No matter how much you have sin, how little or how much you are still a sinner and cannot get in no other way. But by Jesus Christ, God all sufficient sacrifice. It is not turning a new page. It's a confession of your wrong and God's grace to you that brings you to perfection. And I will say back what I said in front what brother Ram says. If we only look at the picture is only by God's grace. We are what we are. Oh, praise God. Only by God's grace. Hallelujah. I am standing here by the grace of God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. The bride is going to have a revival. Dynamics is going to strike the church. The power of God going to come forth. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Nothing will stop it. No president, no government, no be system, no antichrist, nothing going to stop it. Hallelujah. God said, "My word shall not return to me void." And God sent a prophet to reveal the whole mystery of God for the rapture of the church. Hallelujah. Every mystery has been revealed. Not another man to come back. I don't have no next man. They don't have an man. Malachi 4 plus doesn't have that. The Holy Ghost alone is the revealer of the revelation of Jesus Christ. The Holy Ghost alone, glory, hallelujah, fear God tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The Holy Ghost alone. May be seated. That is why the devil in the message. The devil in the message fights worship, fights the atmosphere, fight the anointing. Because if you're sick, dead in church, you're only getting information. But if you get in the spirit, you will get revelation. Give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now revelation and information is not the same thing. The word is water but revelation is wine. You lick your lips. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Tasting good tasting good. Wine brings a stimulation. Wine make you jump. Wine make you stand up. Fine. Make you raise your hand. Why do that with water? You could sit and watch. You could shake a little head. That is water. But when wine hit you, you have to do something. You have to do something. Oh, glory to God. But Jesus, he turned the water into glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated. The disciples follow Jesus three and a half years. One day Jesus turned to them say who do men say I am and there are some people like to talk about other say you are this that I have a book of all what they say about you say okay amen now tell me you're following for so long who do you say I am that come individual individual come to a personal and they were stunned. They following a man and they don't know who that is. They're following a message and they don't know what the message is. They're following a revelation. They don't even know what the revelation is. They're following. And brother Peter all of a sudden he said the Christ the son of the living God Jesus responded flesh and blood you didn't get that by facts you didn't get it by WhatsApp text that to you didn't read it in a book your father my father the spirit the lord the anointing reveal that to you and upon this rock, this rock, this revelation, I will build my church and the gates of hell challenge it and the capital against a rock. Jesus said that. Oh, glory to God. Jesus said that question. Let me tease you a little bit. The other brethren heard Peter said, "Thou the Christ." So all the brothers saying, "Thou art the Christ." Thou art the Christ. Was that a revelation? No. No. They're saying what Peter say. That's not revelation. That is repetition. In other words, just as Peter got it, Each one of them had to get the same way. You have to hear from heaven. That is why you have to fight to get in the spirit. The pastor is not the revealer. The Holy Ghost is the revealer. Pastor brings the word, but the Holy Ghost reveals it. And once the word come out of his mouth, Holy Spirit drop down, reveal it to you, that's the rock the devil can take. Oh, glory to God. This is what the devil can't take out. So when Peter was about to slip, Jesus told him, "The devil want to sift you like wheat. But I pray for you." Watch. Watch what he prayed for. That your faith don't fail. Many of us want God to take us out of the problem. Stop praying that. Stop that. Say God, take me through out true stop asking God take you out. Ask God to take you through it all. I learn to trust in Jesus. I learn to trust in God. When you go through it, it means something. Hallelujah. It gives you something. You learn something because you have been through it. Give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The Bible said, I call you young men because you're feeling strong. Don't say that. It's I call you young men because you are strong. You have to believe that God is with you to give you strength. The Bible said let the weak say I am strong. The devil say let the weak say God so weak and say weak say come on how weak you are. I know it. Nobody understand what you're going through. I know your struggles. Tell the devil he's a liar. You are not weak. No, you are not weak. You are more than able to hate in your soul. Already put something in you. Who he call you, he already called. And who he call who he call be justified. Give the Lord a show. [Laughter] season. This thing will take you completely out of church. Some people, some people love church. They just want to be in church this year. This making you come right up to see what God says. Listen to this. Who he knew or who he knew before he called. So the woman at the well, woman at the well, he was waiting for her. He sent his disciples away. Her name was on the book. She did not know that he was the book. He knew her name. [Applause] So regardless of what anybody think about her, he had nothing to do with that. So when Jesus said go call your husband and she said I have none. He said but he had five and the one you have now is not yours. Jesus didn't say five. That was not Jesus reaction. He was not in the five and the 10 and the 20. He was in the seed in the soul. He went beyond the flesh. He went down on a spirit and he saw something inside of there. Do you know what's inside of you? Do you know what's inside of you tonight? Do you know God put something inside of you? The devil didn't put it. God put it. God made a way. Oh, glory to God. Help me, Jesus. Let me try to continue here. I'm just going off track. Brother, he says, "The other night I made a statement at the pullpit that I would rather see brotherly love existing among the church if we didn't have one case of healing. We must know what these things are for." That's where the church is today. They have lost their brotherly love. They have lost the feeling for one another. I preach in some church. I tell them there is no press coming yet because the devil is in the church and if your church there no need to press it. When the press come down triple then. Yeah. But if the devil inside the church, there's no need to send anything to close the church down. When we give him the boots, when we kick him out, when we boot him out, when we forgive one another, when we when we the honey sticks back to back, back to back, the devil can come between that. That is how we have to become. And when that honey That spirit of forgiveness, fight the church, then the devil will move outside, close us down, loving kindness is a sign of maturity, of rightness. Kindness is what break us out to number six. We could express God's kindness, the father's kindness. Oh, blessed be of the Lord. This is a powerful thing. You know, this forgiveness thing, the prodical son. I mean, that's a young man asked for his money. He's gone for our country, has all his money, we know the story. I don't have here's the part I want to get to. His father keep looking out for him. You know, father know the son does walk and daughter does walk. So way in the distance see coming. He's coming. He coming. Prepare the fatted car. That's my son coming back. His years he going away. He coming back. That son, he was making style with his money, flashy cars, pay for food, friends, but the money ran out. And then he was going to this house, a nice miso blush, a nice white house. And his friends think that is his house. But he was living in the pen behind the house. He's living there. He's not there. He's behind. with pigs. And one day, I love this part, he came to himself. And you see when you messed up, you see when your mind messed up at some point in time, maybe tonight, you could come to yourself. He came to himself. He said, I would arise. I will go to my father. I will say he's rehearsing. I will say, "Father, forgive me. Make me a servant, but once a son, always a son." Give the Lord some praises. Give the Lord some praises. He wanted to be a servant in his father's house, but he was a son. Note that big brother never miss a service. That big brother never spend a bad scent. He always was there. When he heard the rejoicing, you say what's going on there? They say, "Brother, come back." You see that rascal, that man, come back and what they doing? You say man that fatted calf that he was that he was feeding all the time kill it and they serving it. That son said I'm not coming inside all the time. He's precious brother this precious brother that but his brother came back and brother this brother this have a fight now. His father over beef upset. Your brother was lost. Come back home. That plate of food giving you such a fight. Son, all what I have is yours. Amen. We have and I want to challenge you tonight. Begin to truly believe what God said about you in the word. Tell yourself your feelings lying. You're thinking, your thoughts is is off what God is saying. We need love and respect for God and is for his people. No matter what denomination they belong to, we are brothers. We need a love for one another. Hallelujah. Hear a saying this now. The first thing that Pentecost produced was brotherly love. Very first thing. So Jesus when he went and washed their feet and so on, he say what I do, you don't understand. I'm your master and I'm washing your feet. He demonstrated this thing. He said, I want you to do that to each other. By this shall all men know that you are my disciples. I don't want a new Jesus. I want the same Jesus that I read in the Bible. I want that same Jesus to meet, to deal with, to speak. The message have a different kind of Jesus. I hear brothers say this one is shock. This one is finished says who? There's a man mouth talking. They don't have a heaven and they don't have a hell. No man could keep you out the kingdom. The kingdom is preached and every man press their way into it. And when God when God baptize you into the kingdom, nobody could take you out. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Glory to God. [Laughter] It don't make a difference how smart we are. How much we think we know, how much we want to be different from somebody else. Listen to these words. As long as brotherly feeling isn't among us, we are fighting a losing battle. We can't win. There is no way for us to win. Why? You know why? Because the prophet said faith is based on forgiveness. Amen. Faith is based on forgiveness. [Music] I want you to think about that. If William Brown was sent to turn our hearts back to the feet of the fathers and feet is based upon forgiveness. Where is the forgiveness? I see bitterness. I see divisions. I see attitudes. I see men swinging seeds in the congregation against the next congregation. Absolute foolishness. I see men doing like if the people is their own. They're not seeing themselves as stewards of the grace of God. Opportunity to minister to the body of Jesus Christ. [Music] But God said, "I will restore. I'm not asking a pastor. I'm not asking a bishop or a message pope will restore all that was lost. I'm bringing it back." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But prophesied in the message the second coming of the Lord. He said when the church finds this brotherly love he knew it will be like this but one day you're going to find it and when you find it going to explode because God will be pleased God love when we love one another. God love when we forgive one another. This issue of forgiveness is not a new thing. Jesus had to deal with it. Hallelujah. Jesus, listen this in in in Matthew 18. Then came Peter to him. I said, "Lord, how often shall I my brother sin against me and I forgive him till seven times?" Peter even had a number, a good number, number seven. But Jesus had a bigger number than that. Jesus said unto him, I say not unto thee seven times. 70* 7. That's a that's a day that not weekly or not yearly investment. That is a day. How long shall I forgive my brother? I have a number seven times. Jesus said no. Jesus gave him a better number. He says 70 * 7 490 times. Then Jesus give our next parable and we go into that. I just want to tell you that Jesus had us to address that this thing about forgiveness. Now watch this. If a man don't believe the same as I do, I will go right into his congregation and preach with him. Just preach what he believes because I love him. In other words, here comes a bring disturbance. Some people don't even respect the sovereignity of the local church. And the reason it was taught is to get rid of bishops. And as bishops and message popes, once you have bishop and as bishop, you have to cater for them. But without as bishop and and bishops, the Holy Ghost could move. You know, if the man could preach what God put upon his heart, the three wise men, there wasn't foolish men. There was wise men. Each one had revelation. One say what you bringing. What do you have for the No. No. One bought frankincense, one gold, one. No. Oh, you bringing frankincense. I want frankincense, too. What? What you bringing? You bringing water? I bring I go bring water, too. Yes. That is no revelation at all. Revelation means that you are confident that this is what God want you to present. Hallelujah. When the wise men came, one bought gold, one bought frankincense and one bought my put the message together. When you put the message together, you get God in service to die. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And one of these days put it together. Sons of God coming back to make havoc in the devil's kingdom. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sons of God. Because Satan went in God's Eden and caused confusion. God waited for Satan to have his Eden and we are here. Now the devil is not afraid of what you are now. You don't intimidate him. What the devil is afraid of what you can become. Hallelujah. The devil is afraid of what you can become. Because if you begin to see tonight under the blood, you have a perfect standing. I know you ain't get that. I I know you didn't get that. People, we have to get this. Listen, we're going to preach it. Under the blood, when God looks down, he sees no sin. Four people say amen. Amen. [Applause] Let me push a little bit. Who he phon you, he call. Who he call, he justified. Who he justified. He make a big jump, you already glorified. Notice there's nothing more sanctification there. That's the working out part. That's the labor part. That's the price we pay part. What he's showing you by the word. The reason that you are called is because you were in his mind and the back part of his mind. You were in his mind before Satan was created. Because Satan came in the beginning, but you were before the beginning. precipio. [Laughter] [Music] Amen. You be seated. The first man God made was a spirit manitual. You are not seeing me. You seen a brownkinned man is the house I live in. I could have white skin, Chinese skin. It's not this is not me is what behind there. So when God put Adam, original man, his spirit in the beginning, Genesis one man had a commission to have dominion, to conquer, to rule, to reign. Now because the earth belongs to us, Genesis 2, he form man out of the dust of the earth and take that spirit man and put him in a dust man. Note in Genesis one, God talking about eating cuz the spirit man eaten nothing. But when he put him in flesh, he said of all the trees, you had to eat now because you're on the earth now. God know you will be here now. You have to work now. You have to fight now. God knows all of that. Hallelujah. And when Adam fell, everything fall down because Adam was to speak for us. Adam had the book and he was to call your name. But when he fell, this book went back in the hands of the original owner. So when Jesus come the first message must be born again of the word and of the spirit. So God had to make a way to correct what happened with Adam because it's not our fault. It's not your fault. It's already Adam fault. If Adam didn't fall, he was going to be sons of God. Oh, glory to God. No sin, no gray hair, no debt. But because he fell, God had to make a way. And he made a way by justification. And that justification is more than forgiveness. It's as if you never did it. [Laughter] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. All right. Devil is a liar. You want to cut out of my voice. Praise the Lord. So listen to this. So, so when God had to make a way, justification as if you never did it, you take it and put in the sea, not of your forgiven, not of your forgetfulness of his forgetfulness. So, the devil said they're guilty, you say of what? Because Jesus Jesus dropped the charges. Jesus dismiss your case. But you see if it has strike you yet would act like I had to finish off here. No, I ain't come here to run out. I know somebody say one hour. I don't know what normally I preach about all night. I we had to go past that now. But Brandham says now, okay, he said, um, I have never left a meeting yet with a bad taste. He said, I would rather have a church that knows nothing about any spiritual gift and just be so in love with each other and with Christ. I'd rather have that than every spiritual gift operating in the [Music] church. Where there's gifts, they would fail. Where there is gifts, there would bring confusion. Where there is gifts, they can be questioned. But where there is love, it is perfect. Now I'm going to share with you what brother Brandham says. So the bride is always part of the bridegroom. So the bride will not be a denomination. It will have to be the word manifested to be the bride. Note his words, not word believed because many believed and and even the devil believed too and trembled and he's not in the bride. The bride has to be the word manifested. So bam says that's the reason you have to be born again. You were separate. He said now no right no divorcement. Okay. He said all right let me skip that down. Now your name has been transferred from the old book to the new book. God put in the sea of forgetfulness. You stand perfectly before God. You heard that your state is variable. What? Your state. You feel up. You feel down. You feel suppressed. That is not your standard. That is your state. When God look down, you are his son. You are his daughter. That's it. That's your standing. But you have the blues. You're feeling down. You're feeling state. Now, charity, the spirit will bring that perfect state. Right now, you have a perfect standing. that bigger than supreme confidence that whatever we ask it shall be granted that's the standing that we have but says you stand perfectly before God your name is not now in the new book not the book of life but the lamb's book of life but the lamb redeemed hallelujah then he said this he said now watch justified Look up the word. The word don't mean forgiven. It doesn't mean forgiven. For instance, the word I got drunk and done some evil things. And you found out I didn't do them. And you come and say, "But I forgive you. Forgive me. I didn't do it in the first place. Now, if I did do it, I'm guilty. You forgive me." But yet, I'm not justified. But the word justify. Let me see if you're believing this now tonight. I want to see how much amen you going see on this. Anybody sleeping? You got toothpick to put any high. Let's go. Watch the word justify is though you never done it. It is not even regarded at all. It's in God's book of the sea of God. I'm reading it. Your old book on marriage is divorce is dead. You never done it in the first place. Watch. You were predestinated for him to be in his bride. You were deceived into it by by marriage of your adulterous parents evil. I hear about it's no fault of your own. You were deceived into it. He says again, it ate your fault. This is from invisible union of the bride. You never did it because that germ that was in you was to be in you before the foundation of the world. You were for ordained to be a son of God. Isn't that right? Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. The bridegroom took your shame and put it in the sea of forgetfulness and then he made this big announcement. You are standing completely justified as though you never did it at the beginning. Then he said, "This is my message to the church." Amen. And the Bible said Jesus was raised from the dead. He was raised up for our justification. God had to make a way that we could be cleaned up, our sins canled, everything disregarded. How else could we go back to Eden? Oh, we are going back to Eden. As if we never fell. Give the Lord some praises. You are going back to Eden. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Listen church. He said this. You are the pure, virtuous, sinless pride of the son of the living God. He didn't ask if you're feeling it. He never say feel as though this feeling pure feeling virtuous feeling nothing that's okay and God can't lie. God can't lie. Oh, praising the Lord. Glory. Hallelujah. I have to finish. I have to finish. If the devil can keep us separated. He got us shooting at one another. He got a open target. He wants to shoot. What's the use of shooting when we are shooting one another? So he can sit back and relax. But said, "Let me give it to you. I found grace in your sight through God. You take my word on this, brethren. If you want to be a blessing and get a blessing, when a man has done you wrong, he has done you wrong and you know he's done you wrong, don't mention that. Take it to him to pray it before God. But you know what happened to the message? He wrong me. He wrong me. No finger going. So how could the bride that is justified? That's why Jesus saying if you don't release your brother I wouldn't release you. If you can't forgive your brother I can't forgive you. Therefore, you would not be able to come to the faith once you deliver to the saints and to go into the rapture you need rapturing faith. So the prophet come to take us to the fathers original faith and then that faith had to be amplified and that faith had to change his body. Is that right? The rapture is not outside in. The rapture is inside out. On the inside, hallelujah. Has to start on the inside. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Watch this. Now, don't take it in a selfish way. I'm supposed to do this. Stand by your brother. Pray for your brother. Praise God. I hear so much of things about me. At a time I was traveling with a brother, pick him up and he didn't know who I was. Ask me where I was fellowshipping. I said, you say, "Who's brother?" And he doesn't know I'm I'm I'm driving with him talking, fellowshipping. And when you're about to leave, he said, "By the way, what's your name?" What number? I said, "I'm said, did I say anything wrong?" I said, "I only said I did that." I said, "Because I know if I said I'm there no fellowship because you see here things, not discern things." But I'm saying five minutes. You could tell if a man is a Christian. How much talk the man could talk in five minutes? It's not by the talk, it's by the spirit. So he said we should keep the unity of the spirit until the unity of the faith comes and the unity of the spirit has nothing to do with doctrine. It has to do with the spirit in a man. Oh glory to God. Now we could understand why the prophet said I prefer deal with a man that right in spirit and wrong in doctrine than a man who went wrong in spirit doctrine but didn't God isn't a prophet for us to be wrong in doctrine a prophet that we could be right in spirit and right in doctrine when a man's spirit is right could help him could bless him I like to take this word He said many true ministers will misunderstand that prophet. So I can't say this one not true and that one true. I said many will misunderstand. I believe I have not misunderstood that prophet. I believe redemption is in two parts coming out of and going into a bunch of people come out and they have to go into now. God will raise up some spiritual Joshua, some sons of God to take them into the promised land. No message pope, no no bishop get them into the land of sons of God that God have raised up. And I always believe just like the pastor said this morning there are men everywhere. And God don't have to ask anybody permission to bless to anoint to revive to inspire. God has to ask anybody permission permission to bless you tonight. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm going to skip. So, okay. I read a scripture, okay, about um faith based upon forgiveness. Almost done. I want to close 17 pages or 12. We do very good tonight. You've been a great audience. Brother, he said, "Now the seventh one is brotherly love." Six, brotherly love. That's a good one. And when we get to that, put yourself in your brother's place on the matter. Before you're criticizing, put on his shoes because you don't have a nail sticking him in his shoes. You don't know what he's going through acting the way he's act. for a if a brother is all out of tune. Don't be impatient with him. Be kind. Go anyhow. Somebody said long ago. How can you believe these things the way you do and still go to the assemblies of God and watch? He said brotherly kindness, hoping someday, patience with him, temperance, enduring with him, knowledge to understand what he believes and it's in his heart, virtue in yourself to let it go with kindness, meekness to him, having faith that someday God will bring him in. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. I'm going to close. We're going Job 42. We know what Job went through, right? God pick out Job because the devil keep passing him by. Satan, where are you? Going all over the world deceiving people. Come, come. That is my man. That man is clueless on the earth. That man Joe have no idea what's coming. If you don't have a revelation, you are finished. That man had revelation. That man make offering. But eventually his children sinned. So when the devil stripped Job and Job came through, Job answered and said, I know that thou can't do everything. Okay. And no, I I'll go from five. I have heard of thee by the hair of the ear, and know my eyes seeth thee. Wherefore I abhore myself and repent in dust and ashes. And when he was absorb himself, he wasn't talking about bad self, he was talking about good message self. I hate self. People don't talk that no more. They don't like this dead thing, this process thing. But Jesus didn't only get gold and frankincense my which was part of the package. And God have to release m that we could die out ourselves. But here's the part I want to get. And it was so that the Lord had spoken these words to Job. The Lord spoke to Elephaz and Temonite and Teite. My wrath is kingdom against thee, for you have not spoken to me the things that is right. I want to skip down quickly. So Elaz and Teite did according as the Lord commanded them. The Lord also accepted Job. You ready? You ready? And the Lord turned the captivity of Job when he prayed for his friend. Also the Lord give Job twice as much as he had before. So could you imagine the people that hate you, the people that criticize you, the people that say this about you? God wants to see if you We pray for them. The Bible said, "When Job did that, God release him." Give the Lord some praises tonight. Let me go quickly. A mother, she can be so mean and cruel. Just before the baby is born, there's a certain kindness that sets in. Anyone notice that? take on a certain sweetness because life is coming forth. Question. Is it possible that this brotherly kindness sweetness that have to come among the bride? Could it be a sign that life is coming next? Oh, praise God. Because the bride is pregnant. You know, pregnant with God. I have to close up with this. He's talking about sister shepherd dream in blasemous names. Uh sister shepherd dream about a man and pouring this in a large clothing and pouring this water into a box and all the water leaked out. Brother interpreted that that as a message cleans out the church. It boils out the trash, he said. But then he take a bucket of honey. And he poured it in that rock box. He said it will hold this. He said the honey. It looked like it wouldn't stick. But it did stick. He said the honey does stick. Oh, blessed be. I'm finished tonight. Oh, praise God. So friends, this what I share with you tonight is no super mystery. [Music] Sunday we will get into it. Do I know all mystery? Do I have all knowledge? And don't I don't have this thing called love. I'm nothing. Amen. So this is when the tire hits the road. This is when it gets real. The Bible didn't say the word becomes word. The Bible say the word become flesh. And if the word become flesh, that word could take out some money and give it to you to go and get a sandwich. Sit and love your brother. We stand and worship God tonight. Father we praise you. Father we bless you. Father we pray the anointing flow freely among your people tonight in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Shalom. Shalom. God bless you. See you on Sunday. Looking forward. Praise God. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Praise God. I know you've been blessed. Amen. God is good. God is Oh my. Wonderful. Wonderful. Praise God. Amen. Could you reflect for me that song at the back real quick? We sing that song. When I saw the cleansing [Music] fire, oh wide form my s. Oh, oy the spit. Oh. Oh. When is he said will thou be clean? Oh, I will praise him. Oh, I will praise him. Oh, bring life. Thank you, Jesus. Blessed be your name. Give him glory. Give him [Music] glory. For his blood can wash [Music] away. Amen. Just raise your hands this morning and give him praise. Give the Lord praise. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you father. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of Just Praise him this morning. Close your eyes, raise your hands, and thank him for the word. Oh, when you stand praying for charity, forgive. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you for your word this morning, Lord. Thank you for your word this morning, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. God bless you. I appreciate the message this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Brother Gideon and T. Thank you, Jesus, for the grace. Let's just turn around and go greet somebody this morning. Reach across to your brother. Reach across your sister. Amen. A heart of love. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, blessed be your name, Lord Jesus. Oh, I appreciate your brother this morning. I appreciate Reach, Reach across. Amen. Walk across the aisle and greet somebody. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Blessed be your wonderful name. Blessed be your wonderful name. Amen. And forgive your brother. Amen. Hallelujah. Love your brother. Love your sister this morning. Amen. When you start praying for charity, forgive. Amen. 70 * 7. Amen. Yes, Lord. May the spirit of brother godly kindness, brotherly love drop in our hearts today. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, praise God. Praise the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. You appreciate your brother. You appreciate his sister this morning. Amen. You appreciate God's servants this morning. Amen. For his labor of love. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just praise him one more time. Raise your hands. Close your eyes. Thank you, Jesus, for the grace that you have given us, Lord. Oh, what love, what love the father's shown unto us. Oh, to drop our se our sins in the sea of his forgetfulness. You stand justified this morning as if you never did it. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Oh, he forneew you. Hallelujah. He justified you. He had already glorified you this morning. Oh, thank you Jesus. Blessed be his name. Sing thank you my sweet Jesus for the grace that you have given us. Oh, I can repent to say that. Thank you. Thank you Jesus. Thank you. Thank you Jesus for the gra. [Music] from my heart. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah Lord Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Oh hallelujah Lord Jesus. Sweet for the [Music] [Music] gra. Oh, from my heart I'd like to say that. Oh, thank him. Thank him this morning. You just keep thanking him. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord. Oh hallelujah. Oh praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise the name of the Lord. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Thank you for your blood Lord. Thank you for your grace. Lord [Music] Jesus that [Music] I as the music plays you just talk to him this morning. This is your time to talk to the Lord. As a music play Jesus. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Oh yes Lord. You talk to him this morning. Hallelujah Jesus. Oh, thank you, Father. Thank you, [Music] [Applause] [Music] Father. Thank you, Jesus, through the blood of life. Thank you. It has washed me white. It has washed me white. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you. You have saved my life. You have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness. You brought me from the darkness into glorious. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you Jesus for the blood of blood. Thank you. It has washed me white. Has washed me white. Oh thank you. You have saved my life. You have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness. You brought me from the darkness into glory. One more time. Thank you Jesus. Say, thank you Jesus for the blood of life. Thank you Jesus. It has washed me. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. [Music] Oh, and you brought me from the darkness into glow. Let's try a verse. I was a wretch. I was a wretch. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of time and sin separated. The bridge was far too wide. But from the far side of the chasm, you held me in your side. So you made a way across the great divide. left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside. And there at the cross, you paid the debt I owe. Broke my chains, freed my soul. For the first time I had hoped and thank you for the Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. It has Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Oh, into glory. Oh, you brought me from the darkness into glory. One more time. Oh, and you brought me from the darkness into glorious light. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Oh, singing gloryy to his name. Precious name. Singing to his name. Into my heart. Oh, and oh yes, [Music] Jesus. Singing glory to him. One more time. Glory to his name. Sing. Bless Lord his name. Oh yes Lord. Sing. Oh hallelujah his name to my heart. Hallelujah Lord Jesus. Oh we thank you this morning Lord God. Sing it. Oh. Oh. Can we sing it one more time? Glory to his name. Sing it Lord. Yes for Jesus. Oh yes for Jesus. Glory to his name. Oh my God. Oh yes Lord. Glory to God. Glory to his name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, give him praise. Give him praise. Oh, give him praise. Give him praise. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Give the Lord a shout this morning. Give him praise. Give the Lord praise. Give the Lord praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The anchor holds though the ship is battered. The anchor holds. The anchor holds. Though the sails are tall, I have fallen on my knees. I have fallen on my knees. As I face as I face the raging seas, the anchor. Oh, in spite of the storm. In spite of the storm. Let's sing it one more time. The anchor. Though the ship is battered. Though the ship is matter. Hallelujah. The earth holds. Though the sails are torn, though the sails are torn, I have fallen on my knees. Oh, I have. Oh, help us, Lord God. Yes, Lord. as I face agencies the end. Oh, he's your rock this morning. Hallelujah. Even Jesus inspired. Well, just one more time. Be an host. Though the ship, though the ship [Music] dism Oh, the sails are [Music] torn. Oh, you're fallen. I have fallen off on my knees as I face the raging se. The anchor has slow in spite of the storm. And in times like this, we need a savior. We need the [Music] savior. Oh, call upon him this morning in times like these. We need an anchor. We need an [Music] anor. Be very sure. Oh, hallelujah. Be very resto. Oh, you're right. Oh, make your calling an election show this morning. Oh yes, Lord. Solid [Music] rock. This rock is Jesus. this rock, the sea. We look to him this morning. Yes, he is the one. Oh yes, Lord. Hallelujah. This [Music] rock. [Applause] Oh, hallelujah. Be very [Music] sure. Yes, Lord Jesus. be very [Music] sure through your home and grips the solid. One more time. This rock is Jesus. Oh yes, Lord. This rock is Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. He's the one. This rock is Jesus. This rock. Oh, close your eyes. Raise your hands this morning. Oh, he's the only one. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, yes, Lord Jesus. Be very sure. Hallelujah. Hallelujah, Lord. Oh, your anger. Yes, Lord. The solid solid rock. Oh, praise him this morning. Praise him this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Give him a praise this morning. Just praise him this morning. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Oh hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah Jesus. Thank you Lord. Oh praise God. Oh yes Lord. Solid, solid rock. Give the Lord a hand of praise one more time. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, glory to God. Glory. Glory to God. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Savior. Thank you, master. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Blessed be your wonderful name. Blessed be your wonderful name, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Let's just bow our heads and want to bow our heads and close our eyes to pick up the tithes and the offering. Amen. Welcome, Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Thank you, Father. Amen. Father, we pause to pick up the tithes and the offering at this time, which is part of the worship. We pray, Lord, that you would bless your people as they would give, Lord, and provide for those who don't have at this time. And Lord, when it's collected, may you sanctify it, Lord, and use it back for your honor and your glory, Lord. May it be used for the furtherance of this glorious gospel. Even as we see the days a short father Lord we give you thanks and praise in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Welcome Holy [Music] Spirit. We are in your presence. Brothers can come forward. Brothers fill us with your [Music] power. Live inside of me. Welcome Holy Spirit. Welcome Holy Spirit. We are We are your fellow us. Fill us with. Hallelujah. Live inside. Welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, say welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, welcome him into your heart this morning. Glory. We are angels. Oh, fill us with your power. How many want a filling and a refilling this morning? Oh, welcome. Let's welcome him one more time. Welcome, Holy [Music] Spirit. We are your feet. us with your [Music] power. You're my living [Music] water. You're my never drying mountain, never drying, comforter and counselor. Comforter and take complete control. You're my living water. Oh yes, Lord. Never dying. Never dry mountain, comforter, and alone. Oh, take complete control. You're my living water. You're my living [Music] Oh, never try the time. Take complete control. Oh, without a music. You're my living [Music] water. Never drying fountain, comforter and counselor. Take complete [Music] control. Oh, you're my living water. Oh, never drying. Oh comforter take complete control. Oh welcome Holy Spirit. Welcome Holy Spirit. Oh we are. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Yes Lord. Hallelujah. Glory. Thank you Jesus. Yes Lord. Oh, just clap your hands this morning as the music play. Glory to God. Just praise him in the holiness. Clap your hands. Oh, just praise him a little bit. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, yes, Lord. Glory to God. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, just give him a praise one more time. Just give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Glory to God. Thank you Jesus. Yes Lord. Take complete control. One more time. Well glory. Oh your presence. Oh Lord, fill us with your power. Oh Lord, live inside of me. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him praise. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, praise his wonderful name. Amen. Amen. You appreciate the Lord this morning. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Yes, Lord. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Just before we close off in a word of prayer. Amen. We have three notes of praise and one prayer request. Amen. So we have always one note of praise from sister Donna K Clark. Amen. So sister don I would like to thank God for his promised word of healing and for the saints who stood and continue to stand in faith on my behalf. I have learned to have joy during my trials. So even though wheezing, I was full of joy as I was hospitalized. For I knew that God had a purpose for each trial and and that I had someone to meet during my hospital stay to display Christ nature to others. But God is cutting out all the unwanted trash from our life with each trial. Can we say amen? This is a testimony. Amen. During my hospital stay, I had to learn to look past the outward appearance of the other patients on my ward and tell them about Jesus, the healer. Also to enter in on behalf of the nursing staff who may be grumpy or indifferent and ask God for me not to hinder them and make their shift lighter. Amen. Cuz she's a nurse. Amen. As my wheezing resolved, the long-term use of the steroid caused caution syndrome to develop. Though I may be going through the process of this syndrome syndrome, I am glad to be able to fellowship in person with the saints this morning. Amen. Good to see sister here this morning. Amen. Thank God she's out. Amen. I am glad to be able to fellowship in person with the saints this morning and knowing that God's word cannot return void. And though your situation may seem long, say it is well for it is well with my soul. God bless you, Sister Donna K. Amen. Thank God that she's out and may God continue to heal precious sister. Amen. Amen. Also we have a prayer request here from brother Gideon on behalf of please pray for Kenneth Harford who is suffering with stage 4 kidney disease. Amen. So we want to pray for for Mr. Kenneth Harford at this time. Amen. Praise the Lord. Do you have a special need on your heart a request? You can raise your hands. Amen. As you want to take it to the Lord and also close off the service. [Music] Amen. Remember when you stand praying for charity, forgive. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. So, God sees those hands this morning. Let's just bow our heads and close our eyes. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Just thank him in your own way this morning. Let's just thank him a little bit. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Lord, we thank you for the finished work. We thank you Lord God for all that you have done. All that you will do Lord. We praise you. We bless you Lord. We thank you for the word that has gone forth Lord. Now may your spirit come and confirm the word this morning father. Oh we look to you this morning. We look to you father. Hallelujah. Heavenly father. Lord we are so grateful Lord for your word that went forth this morning. A word in due season. Oh how good it is father. Lord it's life to us Lord. Lord, it is water to a thirsty soul. Father, Lord, may the word find a resting place in our hearts. Lord, may we ponder upon what we have heard. May it not just remain a nice sermon, Father, but may we practice it. May we live it out, Lord. Forgiving one another, dropping ours, getting rid of every grudge, Father, for Lord, if we have even as much as one grudge in our heart, we are in danger of hell's fire. Lord, touch your people. Give them strength this morning. Raise up the downtrodden. Lord, inspire and anoint your people for service. Father, for Lord, we have a a time ahead of us, Father, and we want to be anointed and in position and in place, Lord, to to to fight in this great battle, Father. For the battle is the coming of the Lord. Lord Jesus, we want to bring, Lord, the prayer request before you for Kenneth Harford who is suffering with stage 4 kidney disease. Lord, may your Holy Spirit, Lord, go wherever Kenneth is at this time and touch him from the crown of his head to the sole of his feet. Father, Lord, you made every organ in the body, Father. Lord, you raised Lazarus from the dead. And if you raised that man who was dead four days old, four days in in in the grave, Lord, you could surely, Lord, heal a kidney, Father. Oh God, may you restore and heal Kenneth Hford at this time. Father, we we pray that healing virtue will be ministered unto him even now. Touch his soul as well. And Lord, may we hear the testimony of the great miracle that you would have done, Father, for you are indeed a great physician, Father. Lord, Lord, remember Lord your saints that raise their hands. Father, different situations, different conditions. Lord, meet every need right now. Father, minister your grace unto each and everyone this morning, Father. Lord, and may they write a testimony of God's grace in their lives, Lord, as we sang that song. Thank you, Lord, for your grace, Lord. We want to remember your servant at this time, Father. Lord, Brother, Father, we bring him, Lord, under your love, under your grace. We pray that you will continue to overshadow him, Father. Lord, give him good life, health, and strength. Lord, continue to reveal yourself, Lord, God, unto him, Lord, spiritual discernment, divine revelation and inspiration that he would lead the flock, Lord, under his care. Oh, we thank you for the service today, Lord. Lord, continue, Lord, to keep a rumble and a th a tumble in our hearts. Continue to keep a revival fire burning in our souls, Lord. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Father God have your perfect way Lord as we would leave this place but not from your presence. Go with your people Father this week Lord. May we stay in prayer and stay consecrated and stay. Oh God focus upon what we have heard Lord not walking around with grudges and hatred and malice and bad ways Lord but Lord come and do what you see fit in us Lord. Change us Lord. Change me Lord God. Change my brother Lord. Change my sister Father Lord. For we are getting ready for the coming of the Lord. And only perfect love can enter that place. Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord remember every home father. Remember every brother Lord. Every sister. Every young person. How the devil is after the young people Lord with a backsliding spirit. Father. Lord. God. We pray for them this morning Lord. Lord, the Calebs, Lord, every minister, every deacon, every officer, every person here this morning, both here and online, Father, Lord, Lord, we commit everyone into your hands this morning. These mercies we ask in your precious and wonderful name of thanksgiving. Amen and amen and amen. Thank you, Jesus. Give the Lord a hand of praise one more time. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory to God. Amen. Praise his wonderful name. Amen. God bless you. May be seated. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. So, just for a few announcements before we leave. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. So, service continues on Wednesday at 8:00 p.m. at the tabernacle. Then on Friday, we'll have our normal Zoom prayer meeting at 8:00 p.m. And then on Sunday, back in the house of the Lord. Amen. And uh we also have maintenance team group three. Please meet with brother Andy Henry after the service. And next week, group five is to serve, which is brother Blackman's group. All right. There's there's to be a Sunday school choir practice immediately after service today. So all Sunday school children are asked to attend remain upstairs for choir practice. Amen. Uh we want to again say a special happy mother's day to all our wonderful mothers, our lovely sisters. Put your hands together. Brothers, give a big hearty round of applause to all the sisters. We appreciate them. We appreciate sister oid. Amen. How many appreciate sister oid among us this morning? Happy Mother's Day, sister. Amen. Good to see you. We appreciate all that you do. Amen, Sister Karen. And Amen. God bless you. Happy Mother's Day. Amen. You're like mother to a mother to all of us. Amen. And with that in mind, we have the sisters will collect a small parcel downstairs. So, there's a little parcel prepared for all sisters and mothers. Uh when you go downstairs, please collect your parcel. Uh and we app we want to say that we appreciate all of the sisters. Amen. Enjoy your day. Have a wonderful day. Happy Mother's Day to all our precious sisters. Amen. Praise God. And there's also a short meeting after service in the assistant pastor's office downstairs for the following brothers. Brother Hugh Williams, Brother Shane Williams, Brother Bever Punch, Brother Adrien Joseph, Brother Andy Henry, and Brother Michael Williams. A short meeting downstairs in the assistant pastor's office. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Reach across one more time. Greet your brother and sister. Big smile. I want I want that kind of blessing. Praise God. And see, I think is Amen. Oh, I want I want that kind of blessing that saves and keeps and satisfies my soul. I want Oh, I want that full salvation till the Lord. You know I want sing. I want that that saves and keeps and satisfies my soul. Yes, I want I want that for salvation. [Music] Oh, when Jacob met the Lord upon that lonely night and wrestled there alone until the morning light, he won a princely title to good him from the right. I want that kind of blessing. Oh, I want I want all that kind of glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Glory. I was at salvation till [Music] glory. This is the day of grace. The comforter is here. We are a chosen race. Our God is drawing near. He's waiting to be gracious. The prayer of faith to hear and then he'll send the blessing. Oh, sing I want. Oh hallelujah. Glory. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Yes Lord. Glory. Thank you Jesus. Oh praise God. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, Lord. [Music] Glory. Oh, one more time. Sing our glory. Thank you, [Music] Jesus. Oh, God bless you. Amen. Have a victorious week in Jesus name. Uh, glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, the pillows of heaven all be singing. I want I want glory. Oh, that kind of blessing that save and keeps and satisy my soul. I want Oh, I want that salvation till the road. I want sing I want God bless you glory and the blessing that saves and keeps and satisy my soul I want I want glory to God. Yes Lord. Oh this is the day of grace. The comforter is here. We are a chosen race. of God is joining in. He's waiting to be gracious. The prayer of faith to hear and then you'll send a blessing. Oh, I want glory. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. for that shelter. Oh, forever. When Israel at last came and came into Canaan's land, the Lord his riches came to full on every hand. They drove their foes before them and dwelt a happy. Oh, I want that kind of message. Oh, I want another blessing that saves and gifts. I satisfy my soul was I salvation pillow of heaven all the road. Hallelujah. Glory to my glory to God. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, hey,
