################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-24 - The Fire Of Ambition (Bible Study) - Bro. Isaac Ovid - Isaac Ovid - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-24
Title:   The Fire Of Ambition (Bible Study) - Bro. Isaac Ovid
Speaker: Isaac Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-m6F-dHUhK0
========================================

God bless you and good evening. Welcome to our Friday night Bible study. Um at this time, can we just bow our heads for a word of prayer? Oh gracious heavenly father, we thank you tonight that we could gather one more time in your presence, Lord, and this Friday evening, Father, to spend time around your word, Lord. And we pray, dear God, that you would bless each one that's here tonight, Father, those that are still on their way into the meeting, Lord. And we want to dedicate this evening to you, Lord. This little time of fellowship around your word where we are trusting you to speak to our hearts, Father. Lord, you know every need. You know every situation. You know every desire. Lord, you know what's affecting your people. Lord, you know, Lord, the challenges, the struggles, the opportunities, the victories, Lord, every single thing about us, Father. You are fully aware of it. So, we Lord are coming to you, Father, because we need more. We are not satisfied with Lord the life that we have because you have promised more to us and we are looking to you father Lord to your word that you could open our understanding to the scriptures and that you would speak to our hearts Lord in a way that Lord we may have never heard before so that we could be encouraged to press to stand Lord and we pray dear God that you would be with each one that's here Lord for those that are not well those that are Lord dealing with different situations we bring them to you tonight may you take me out of the way and may you speak lip to ear to your people. May you Lord anoint us Lord and may you bless each one tonight. We commit the Bible study into your hands in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen and amen and amen. Well, it's certainly a great privilege and an honor to be here tonight one more time for our Bible study. We take this opportunity to welcome [clears throat] one and all by the grace of God. and for the few moments that we will be together, we want to be able to dedicate it to the Lord. So, I encourage you uh wherever you're at to um get get ready for the next hour or so to spend some time um around God's word, looking to hear something to inspire us. I don't know how many of you felt it, but there was an earthquake just a few minutes ago. And um anytime there's an earthquake, it's a little reminder of this fragile world that we are in. And the Bible says heaven and earth will pass away. But God's word is what is constant. It will never pass away. So God has his subtle ways of snapping us into reality. And sometimes we think certain things are important or very important and then our reality gets shifted and something transpires that causes us to pause to reflect and to stop you. So we pray that this evening um those that are here that you would be dedicated to the cause of the gospel and um encourage someone to join the meeting as well because I believe something will be said this evening to bless us in a special way by the grace of God. I also want to encourage you to remember one another in prayer. Remember our pastor in prayer, all of the ministers, uh the church, those that are sick, those that are afflicted, those that are dealing with different challenges. If there ever was a time we needed God, it's now. So, by the grace of God, I have a thought tonight that I want to speak on for a few minutes just to kind of inspire us a bit and for us to see something in scripture. And the thought for tonight is the fire of ambition. the fire of ambition, you know, and uh a few weeks ago I had the opportunity of being in Uganda and the opening service of the meeting, the minister preached a message called enemies of your ambition. uh and I felt it was such a powerful thought and in there he read a quote from God's prophet and I would have shared this quote with our deacons and officers and it's a quote where brother Brandham would have said in the message as the eagle stir it up a nest just to give a context before we get deeper into the study and brother Brandham said when I hear of a church that hasn't got any ambition to grow there's something wrong with that church the church of the living God has a high ambition. And and we're going to spend some time talking about this word ambition this evening, but here's a direct statement. The church of the living God has a high ambition. And another thing, the church of the living God is built high because it's got high anticipations and expectations. Say, well, we belong to that church. Our father served in this church years ago. That might be fine. But the church of the living God can set still its ambitions is to go higher farther. And that was preached in 1957. Just about a year later in 1958 in a similar message as the eagle s her nest and flutter it over her young. Brother Brandham said, "Last summer I was going to Tacoma for a meeting. I passed through Yellowstone watching way up in the top of the canyon. I saw something up there and it was right on a little short peak and an eagle had her nest built and I called my wife and my children and give them the binoculars. I had went down into the woods of peace following a little old bear and I said, "Look up here now at this. There's an eagle with her nest. What can get to her? Nothing. No serpent can crawl up that rock. No coyote could ever destroy that nest." And that's the way God builds his church for his eagles. high above the ambitions of the world. She's got a high ambition, not to please men, but to please God. She's built high and safe. So, that is a bit of the background for our thought tonight, the fire of ambition. And we're going to touch on a few scriptures and a few thoughts because we are encouraged to have a high ambition. Now in 2 Corinthians 5 and verse 9 in the amplified Paul says it is our constant ambition to be pleasing to him. It is our constant ambition to be pleasing to him. And ambition is a powerful word. You know go going to school and you have your school teacher will say well this person is ambitious and you have to have ambition. You want to you should want to be somebody. You should want to achieve something. And this word ambition has a few meanings, but it it really speaks of a desire for advancement. And one definition is a strong desire to achieve something, typically requiring determination and hard work. Another way to look at it is the drive or motivation to accomplish purpose or attain excellence. So you see people saying, "Hey, that man have no ambition, boy." Or, "That woman has incredible ambition." And in and of itself, ambition as a word, there's nothing wrong with ambition. Because we see God's prophet speaking about wanting a high ambition. And we hear Paul expressing it. It is our constant ambition to be pleasing to him. Now, every some people call it drive, some people call it hunger. We're going to keep referencing it as the word ambition this evening. And it is that fire in you that refuses to settle for less than what God has imagined for your life. It is something that says I cannot stay here. Just yesterday I was having a conversation and with someone saying you know the moment you stop learning is the moment you stop growing and the moment you get satisfied with where you are at there's something wrong with the picture because the very word ambition actually started with God. Ambition speaks of a desire to achieve something desire to make something real a desire to express something. So the fact that God would say let there be light and and the Lord begin to create and the entire display of what took place in Genesis and even when God created angels and what we saw was God's desire his ambition his goal his what he wanted to express what he wanted to see happen what he himself wanted to achieve. So when we look at the ambitions and the expression of ambitions, it actually comes from God because it is a reflection of something that is creative. So creativity is something that comes from God. So I'm I'm building in a few things here, right? But this thought that we cannot stay where we at, we should be desiring more. We should be seeking to be more. we should be seeking to be better is reflected all through scripture. We see God saying to Abraham, "Seek a city whose builder and maker is God." Which means the city you're in is not it. You need to look for something higher. The Bible will say, "Add to your faith virtue unto virtue knowledge all the way." So, so everything speaks of if you don't have an ambition or a desire to achieve something more than you have now, there might be something you need to look at in your life because everything about God is about completeness and perfection and bringing things into a state that he could say it is good, it is good, it is good, it is good. And as we said in our last Bible study, God was repeating the statement every day of creation. It is good. It is good. It is good. And even when the picture was done and he rested, he looked at his creation. He looked at man and said, "It is not good for him to be alone. My ambition is to now fix that." And God gave that man a wife because he had an ambition to see that man have fellowship. So this teaching tonight, the fire of ambition is for us to relook at not just our spiritual ambition but our natural ambition. It is looking at the expression of all that God wants for us. It is God's desire and we read it in scripture for he had given us all things pertaining to both life and godliness. So it is God's desire and when we look into the very expression of these things, your ambition, your desire to achieve your desire to and and and and we ought to have an ambition to be healed. We ought to have an ambition to live a sanctified life. It if it is not a goal, if it's not a desire, you could never put things in place. You must have the ambition to have a prayer life. You must have the ambition to be the best in what you do. You must have the ambition if you're a husband to be the best husband that you could be. That speaks to ambition. If you do not have an ambition, a desire, something to motivate you, a fire in you, then you will be in the same position that you have been for many years. And this is the the challenge we have today. We could look at people and I sure you know someone who when you look at them, you realize they have made no progress in their life. They have made no progress spiritually. They have made no progress naturally. All they have done is really gotten older. So ambition propels you to seek, to search, to ask questions, to find yourself in the right rooms because you are the average of the people around you. I was saying to someone yesterday that if you are the smartest person in your room, you need to change the room you're in because you cannot grow if you have don't have people around you who will challenge you, who will push you to be more than you were yesterday. But if you don't have the ambition to want more than you had yesterday, there'll be nothing to drive you to ask the questions, what else is there? So ambition, it was ambition that was in Caleb and Joshua that says we are more than able. Their ambition was to take the land. They their ambition was in alignment with God's ambition because God's ambition and his desire was for them to possess the land. 12 men went to spy out the land. Only two men made God's ambition their ambition and they said we are more than able. So when your ambition is in alignment with God's ambition, what begins to happen is your ambition becomes bigger than your problems, bigger than your fears, bigger than the issues in your life. Because 99% of the times or more, you are the person holding yourself back. We blame the devil for things the devil not even doing. So when it speaks about ambition, we have people in this room and I hope we do who are in school. What is your ambition? Ambition speaks to not just the motivation but to the why, the purpose, the intent, the desire. What good is it to spend time and resources going to school and then you so caught up in trying to be popular or trying to fit in or trying to be with the crowd or trying to be accepted and all these things that at the end of the day you don't have the fruit or the product or the result of why you went to school. What good is it to be in a job and you have no ambition to get promoted? You have no ambition to expand your territory. The Bible says expand your tent. Spread your borders. There's you when God spoke to Abraham when Lot went away, he said look to the east, look to the west, look to the north, to the south. All is yours. When God spoke to them to go to the land, he said this land is yours. This land is yours. This land is yours. You have to have ambition because every place you put your foot is yours. If you don't have the ambition to get up every day and fight for it, it's not coming to you automatically. I want us to appreciate that we look to God to bless and to to do it. And God is obligated to do that. But his ambition must become our ambition. So looking at Eden, the picture of Eden, God said have dominion. So God's picture of man in position in Eden was a man in dominion. It meant that Adam had to have the ambition to align with God's ambition. What if Adam every day got up and we we know before the fall he was supposed to name the animals. You say you know what I'm not feeling motivated to name any animals today. That picture would not have been the right picture. So again we're talking about alignment of vision. All right. Now, ambition could be bad because in our service two Sundays ago, I was speaking about ambition and I said, and I have it in my notes, maybe I'll get to it, that the devil is one of the most ambitious beings that ever exists. He said, "I will be like the most high." Brother speaks of the devil's ambition. So, Satan himself is ambitious. The five I wills was the one of the most interesting displays of ambition that exists. So what we realize is this conversation of ambition is actually a heavenly picture that is on the earth because God has an ambition and the devil has an ambition. God has a picture of what he wants to see and Satan also has a picture of what he wants to see. So the question now shifts to not just do you have an ambition because I don't want to believe that we are in this room without hopes and without dreams and things we want to achieve and things we want to see happen. The real question becomes who is shaping our ambition who is guiding our ambition and who gets the glory from our ambition. We would remember that when Satan went to Eve, he said, "If you eat the fruit, you will be like God." So, he was positioning almost a picture of what she could become and presenting an alternate pathway to fully express what her potential was. I hope everyone is catching this. So, let's go a little deeper. In Genesis 1:26, God says, "Let us make man in our image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion." So here we see Almighty God has an ambition to make man in image and likeness, look like him, walk like him, talk like him, express like him. So in other words, God's expression of his ambition became what man's ambition should have been. The very thing about going back to Eden and having dominion is actually what we could call divine ambition. It was like if God saying I want my creation to actually carry what I want to see because man was supposed to be made in both the image and the likeness of God, the nature of God, the behavior of God, the attitude of God, the desire to build, to improve. So you see repeated themes in scripture be fruitful and multiply. There is nothing in scripture that speaks about being less than you were yesterday. And this is why I encourage when God put man to work, the root word of work and the root word of worship is the same thing. Worship and work and expression is is God himself living his way out. So at the very purest level, ambition comes from God. Abraham was given a purpose. Leave your family. In other words, you had to want more or be attracted to more to get out of your condition to follow. So, Abraham would have seen something and it had to become his desire. There's a tragedy in today's world where you have to motivate people to go to school and motivate people to go to work and motivate people to improve. It should come from within to be the very best version of what you could be. When heaven fuels your ambition, there is no issue about failure. There's no issue about wondering what if or how. You realize that God is pushing you to be a light in this hour. So there's natural ambition. There's also spiritual ambition. Let's take some references in scripture. The tower of Babel in Genesis 11. We saw what natural ambition could do. This was not divinely inspired but something in these people Nimrod and his board of directors decided to say you know what we will build a tower to reach heaven. So there are two things there. Many times when we look at the story of Nimrod, we look at the unity aspect because God says because they were united, he had to intervene. But before it was a unity, the desire was there. Let us do this thing and it spoke to the ambition to realize, wait a minute, we are here and we want to get up there. something was driving them and they were able to capture that ambition. Unite the people into this ambition brought such a unity that God himself said if he doesn't stop it the unity around this ambition would achieve the purpose that they wanted to achieve. So I want us to appreciate that when you have singleness of focus towards what you want to achieve and it is an alignment with God there's nothing could stop you because we could see here with Nimrod if God did not intervene in scripture he said they would have achieved it and I want us to pause there for a minute in other words if God did not stop them they would have achieved what they set out to achieve that's how powerful and this was fallen man, fallen man in a broken condition taking ambition plus unity and God said if I don't stop the combination of ambition and unity they will achieve whatever they want to achieve. What happens when a husband and wife share the ambition and they are united in achieving that ambition for themselves, for their family, for their home. So when the Bible will say as for me and my house we will serve the Lord. Your ambition is to serve the Lord and there's a unity in as for me and my house we are working together with the same ambition with the same goal with the same focus. There is nothing that exists that could stop it. If there is a singleness of ambition and a unity towards this I trust this is helping someone this evening. ambition. We're building. David had ambition. David looked at how he was living and he said, "Why doesn't God have a house?" Because the house I'm in is better than the one God is in on the earth. He had a desire, as we know, to build the temple. And God said, "There's too much blood on your hands. Your son will build it." But yet still, David did everything in his power and gathered the resources so that his son would have the resources to build the temple. Speaking about ambition and the right type of ambition, we could jump to the New Testament. The sons of Zebedee in Mark 10 wanted to know who will sit on they wanted to sit on Jesus right hand and left hand and Jesus had to redirect the ambition to say whoever is great among you shall be your servant. So again we're talking about ambition chneled in the right way. We're talking about you must have a desire to achieve something. It is it is part of the DNA of God. So if you are a son of God, if you are a daughter of God, if you are in that channel of God, it must be your nature to climb the pyramid. It must be your nature to want to achieve more. It must be your nature to have a better prayer life. It could never be a nature of sitting down saying, "I have arrived. I have achieved." That does not exist. Paul in Romans 15:20 in the amplified says, "It has always been my ambition to preach the gospel where Christ was not yet known." So we are building right. God's ambition could be described as holy desire. God in creation let us make man in our image. That is ambition expressed. When God changed form and became flesh, that was ambition [clears throat] expressed. When we look at again, I'm repeating some things just to make sure we catch it as well. Isaiah 14, the contrast with Lucifer, for thou has said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will be like the most high. What we call the five eye wills was the contrast of the ambition of God. It is the devil's ambition. So every single person on the earth right now is being guided by ambition. We could call it influences. We could call it voices. We speak about last in the last Bible study. Who are the people in your life? Because people speak things into your life that puts you either into the path or the will of God or into the path or the will of what the enemy wants. And it might seem very simple but the problems we have and if you really check out what is our ambition to what we do and why we do it and what we try to achieve. So we're building. So ambition [clears throat] did not originate on earth. It originated in eternity. And that is why your ambition carries eternal consequences. And I've said to many young people, you could have an ambition to have a nice car, a nice house, but if that ambition takes you to a job or an opportunity that takes you away from God, there's an eternal consequence. Your ambition to be successful in and of itself is not the issue. But if that ambition is not guided, if that ambition is not managed, if that ambition is not filtered, if that ambition doesn't come with counsel, then therein lies the problem. God wants you to be blessed. And you could see someone blessed, look at someone blessed and say, "I want that." But because you go about it the wrong way, the ambition itself is not the issue, but the way you go about it is the problem. Anybody with me this evening? So we're talking about the very expression of God's ambition because God as we know want to be a healer, want to be a redeemer, want to be a savior, want to be a healer, want to be a lord, want to be a protector. All of that is the ambition of God. So everyone that walks the earth under the hand of God. So we have said before when God wanted to be a shepherd, David represented the aspect of God that was shepherd. We could also say David was the expression of God's ambition as a shepherd because before Christ was made manifest, every prophet, every messenger, every king, every priest who played a part in it was actually the physical reflection of God's ambition. When God say I want to be a prophet Elijah, I want to be a warrior Joshua. I want to be a shepherd David. Each one a piece of the expression of God. And when Christ came, he was the fullness of the expression of God. All that was in God was poured into Christ. The fullness of God's ambition was in Christ. So we could say that when David walked the earth, not just as a shepherd, but when David was approaching Goliath, God's ambition wrapped in faith would ask the question, who is this uncircumcised for this time that would defy the army of the living God? So David began to express the ambition of God. Anybody with me this evening? Express the ambition of God. And David's ambition was not for popularity. David didn't say I am the man. He asked the question, who is this uncircumcised Philistine? Because he had a revelation of what God's ambition was for his people. So his approach of the lie was not to do with him as a person, but the question he asked was, "Who is this uncircumcised Philistine that dare defy the army of the living God?" He wasn't frightened to prove himself, but to speak for God, to fight for God. Anybody with me this evening? We're still on David. David's ambition. Psalms 27:4, "One thing have I desired." Because desire is ambition, right? One thing have I desired of the Lord, that will I seek after that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life. So this is a man expressing ambition. David is saying as the heart panted after the waterbrook so my soul thirst after thee. That is his ambition. The Bible say as many as hunger and thirst after righteousness. Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteous poor. They shall be filled. If your ambition, if your desire is not for righteousness, then there's no failing to come. What is your ambition? Building a little bit here. Just want to skip a few things. Peter had an an ambition before he went to Pentecost. On the day of Pentecost in Matthew 26:33, he said, "Though all men shall be offended because of thee, yet will I never be offended." That was a that was a good ambition until he get cornered and until he realized that his ambition didn't have the power to sustain the ambition. Anybody with me? Because after that, he would deny Christ. Right? So what we are painting a picture of is reaching a point in our lives friends where our ambition becomes godly ambition. Let's talk about Paul. Paul was very ambitious before God touched him. He was ambitious persecuting the church. So now we are seeing a picture of people who having the wrong ambition. Paul is persecuting the Christians in Acts nine. Paul and Saul yet breathing out threatenings and slaughter against the disciples of the Lord until God arrested him and take that same passion because at the end of the day we have people who are passionate about things. He was fervent. You can see Paul in his whole approach from before his conversion to after his conversion he was a passionate man. But before his conversion, he was passionate about the wrong things until God had to interrupt his life, change his passion and his ambition and his focus to become the foundational messenger of the church ages. Anybody with me this evening? And we said this straight before Romans 15 20. It has always been my ambition to preach the gospel where Christ was not yet known. ambition without wisdom is like wildfire. Ambition without counsel will get you into problems. But if your ambition could be guided, then God could do something. This is a scripture we read in the last Bible study, and I think it's worth repeating. Without counsel, purposes are disappointed. But in the multitude of counselors there are they are established or in other words there is safety in counsel. It's worth repeating because many of us we have desires we have goals. We have objectives and we don't seek advice. We don't seek wisdom. We don't seek input from others. And I'm going to get to a point in that in a bit. Last Bible said we touch how Moses father-in-law looked at him and said, "Hey, I see ambition. You know, I see what you're trying to do." In in Exodus, the thing that thou doest is not good. Thou will surely wear away. Because here it was, we position it last study was Moses was doing everything, not asking for help, not seeking help. He was meeting with all the people. He was wearing himself down and he was being ineffective to the people. We position it last meeting as who are the people in your life? His father-in-law was the one who was able to cut through to him and say Moses there has to be a better way. But what we also see is Moses ambition was too much for him and he did not realize he needed help to even express his ambition because he wanted to be a blessing but he didn't understand how to channel that in the right way. Anybody with me? So his ambition needed guidance. Here he is. God is speaking to him. God is dealing with him. He's the one responsible. But he needed help. This is an interesting one. Rehobam, which is Solomon's son. He forsook in this is first kings 12:8. He forsook the council of the old men which they had given him and consulted with the young men that were grown up with him. That's a powerful one. This is a powerful one because many times young people feel the old ones don't know anything and all the new things that exist now they have a better understanding. But here is a big lesson in the role of the elders in guiding goals in guiding objectives in guiding strategy because this issue here is what led to the split of the kingdom into the north and the south into Israel and Judah with the administration of the taxes. But here it is God is saying he forsook or walked away or abandoned the council of the old men which they had given him. In other words, the elders had given him good advice, but he chose to consult with the young men that grew up with him. How many times we have young people who are given advice from elders and their perception is well you don't know what we going through. We have a better understanding. We are in the situation and they end up into problems. So ambition so again you want to open a business, you want to change your career. I've seen people make terrible career decisions, terrible decisions, financial decisions. Terrible. And it's driven by ambition. Why did it? Well, I wanted a better job. I wanted a better place. I wanted a better. But did you seek advice? Did you get counsel? Did you speak to anybody? Did you consult a professional? Because if you are not an expert, I was sharing with some of the young people recently, I am not a professional hiker. There are things I am exceptional at. Hiking is not one of them. So if we are going on a hike, I am not the one to lead the hike. The last hike I went on was quite an experience. I am not the one you want in front. I cannot be embarrassed to say that it is not my area of expertise. So if it is not my area of strength, wisdom, if I want to go on a hike and my ambition is to go on a hike, I want to get a tour guide. I want to get a hiking expert. I want to get someone to take me the right way. And more importantly, if I cannot make it, they must know how to get me out. Why do we believe that we could tackle life alone? There are times you have to stand alone. But when you have people around you or access to people or you have the ability to ask the right questions, why suffer in silence? And it goes, it connects straight back to our Bible study last study. Who are the people in your life? Because the issue is not having ambition. The issue is not one. The issue is not I want better for myself and I want to achieve this and but is there a better way to achieve it? Is there a right way to do it? Is there a way that God will bless and honor and open up or you could go and fight up and and but the so much pain and frustration and struggle you realize you limit what you could achieve. I trust this is helping someone this evening. ambition, different perspectives of it. Let's look at Joseph for a few minutes. Genesis 37:9. And he dreamed yet another dream, and told it his brethren, and said, "Behold, the sun and the moon and the 11 stars made obedience to me." Now, Joseph without question may have had a partial understanding of what was happening because he know he is the subject of the thing. But the reality is and there's something that people put as memes sometimes, you know, move in silence. Joseph speaking to his destiny put him into problems. In other words, there are times when what you want to achieve, you need to know who to say it to. You need who to tell because sometimes the people who you think rejoicing with you really want to see a destruction because the same ones, these were his brothers. These were not the neighbors. These were not his school friends. His own brothers are the ones who threw him into the pit. So there has to be a wisdom in what we speak. Not everything you want to express, not everything you want to say. And this is why we take things to the Lord in prayer. And we want to ensure our ambition is in God's alignment. We want to ensure there's a right timing. We want to seek the right advice, the right counsel because this is the key to us becoming mature and seasoned. You can't just say what come to your mind. You can't just talk the first thing that that you want to express. Lord, is this for me? Is this right now? Is this what move should I take? Who should I speak to? And then your way who you speak to. Is it someone who is has experience in the matter? There's no question that Joseph's dream was right. But his approach to expressing it actually put him into problems. Anybody with me? Ambition, desire, achievement, what propels you? A similar example, Neahhemiah in wanting to rebuild the wall. We have done a number of studies on Neahhemiah. In Nehemiah 2:12, it says, "Neither told I any man what my God had put in my heart to do at Jerusalem. He had a desire to fix and to repair the walls." He said, "The Lord put it in his heart." Which means God's desire, God's ambition to see it restored was also his ambition, his desire to see it restored. And he said, "I told nobody what I'm working on, what I want to achieve in this instance because I want to keep this close to my chest. So I want to have a balanced approach in how we live life now, understanding what to express, understanding who you could trust because quite honestly friends, you can't just trust everybody. We are speaking about wisdom. We're speaking about leadership. We're speaking about growth. And we are speaking about you making the right moves. That's why the Bible say be gentle as a dove but be wise as a serpent. There's wisdom in all the administration. There's wisdom in all these things. Yes. In Luke 9:51 speaking about Jesus. Now when the time was approaching for him to be taken up to heaven, he was determined what were determined to go to Jerusalem. So there's a level of being fixed. Determined means it doesn't matter what obstacle comes. That's where I'm going. That's I am motivated to achieve something. I want to challenge us all in the room tonight. There are goals in your life, things that you want to achieve that you allow distractions, pettiness to destabilize you. I want to challenge you. You need to reach the point where you are determined about certain things because here the Bible is talking about Jesus being determined to go to Jerusalem. The choice of word determined in the amplified is significant. It meant against what odds against what people said, against the talk, against the accusations, against whatever else is around. My focus is achieving this thing. My ambition, my goal, my purpose, my destiny is to be there. divine determination. I'm not going to be too long with us tonight. Very short one. But again, I believe these are things for us to reflect and to think. I want to speak a bit to the young people specifically here. Now, we live in a very digital age and one of the challenges in this digital age is busyness. busy doing the wrong things, spending a disproportionate amount of time on social media, on watching people's content. And at the end of the day, when you really analyze how much time you spend studying other people's stuff, that if you were to redirect half of that effort onto working on you in the natural and the spiritual, you will be 10 times ahead where you are now. I want to repeat that point. If you spend half the time you spend on YouTube, Facebook, whatever it is, and shift that to working on you, you will be 10 times ahead. I want to challenge us because if you tell me you want to save and your ambition is to save, I giving you an example, and you spending your money on foolishness, then you're not really serious about your ambition. If you tell me you want to be healthy and your ambition is to be healthy and you're doing nothing about it, you're not serious yet. If you want to be promoted and you want to achieve certain things and you want then your ambition should make you make the decisions to begin to cut everything that is not in alignment with achieving that ambition. The people who we call friends who are not helping us to achieve our ambition, it becomes almost a tough rough position to take but is the only position to take if you want to achieve good success according to the Bible because you have to now be relentless in my spiritual walk, my family walk, my financial walk, my expressing who I am meant to be in God. why God have me on the earth. Everything else outside of that type of conversation is a distraction. People laugh and have fun and watch movies and do all these things and when all the entertainment is done, they're in the same position. What sense does that make? Anybody with me this evening? These are what I call the as the the brother preach in Uganda, the enemies of your ambition. What? Why are you allowing things to slow down your progress in the natural, in the spiritual? Why are you allowing doubt, fear, unbelief, whatever it is to slow you down? So, we spend our time scrolling. We spend our time having conversation. We spend our time to doing all these things. And what is the real result? I heard someone interview someone recently and you know it was a call and he said, "What are you doing right now?" Now he said, "Well, it's Sunday evening." Okay. So, what are you doing? I'm watching a movie to de-stress. Okay. What's he stressed? I don't have any money. So, why you watching the movie to distress and you have no money? Why you not working on the solving the problem? You anybody with me? Is a Sunday evening and say he is d-stressing because he has no money and his way to solve the problem currently is to watch a movie. So, what he's really saying is I want to ignore the problem. and by ignoring the problem because at the end of watching the movie I don't know if you realize the problem still is still there. Watching the movie hasn't changed anything. And what is seen as d-stressing is is is a cousin a first cousin to taking drugs is a first cousin to drinking because it's a temporary reprieve without any attempt to confront the reality of the situation. put pen to paper and say this is the problem. How many ways can I tackle the problem? How many ways? Because I could trust that if you work on a plan your stress will begin to fall when you begin to confront the issue. It is the ostrich syndrome. The ostrich is the only animal that when a problem is coming he digs a hole with his whole huge body buries his head in the sand and say the problem is not there. If your prayer life is not good, then the only way to fix your prayer life is to get to praying. If you want to change your circumstances, then you have to make the decisions to change your circumstances. You have to make the decisions to adjust how you speak, how you speak about yourself. Because your ambition, like Caleb, is give me my mountain. My ambition is to be on top of that mountain. Caleb in his old age reached the point saying, I don't even need help. I've been focused on that mountain for 40 years. I'm just as strong as when I started out. My ambition has not diminished for 40 years. I walk around the wilderness because my brothers didn't have faith back then, but my ambition is not diminished. We have people who have accepted their sickness as if it's a promise from God when our ambition should be to climb higher than our sickness. Is anybody in the house this evening? Climb higher than your problems. So what we trying to do is challenge to reframe our thing because if you do not believe you could climb higher, you will never do anything to change your situation. I don't know if this is helping anybody tonight, but I want to make the point again. You have to believe that God is a healer and you you you will be healed. It cannot just be God is a healer and healing other people. You have to believe God will heal you. So your ambition, your words, your declarations, your actions, every word that comes from your mouth has to be in alignment with the ambition that I am going to be healed. You could never be successful hoping to be successful. I shared with the church some years ago. They did a study of some of the wealthiest people in the world and they were shocked at the findings. The outcome was across the board. The one common thing they could have found was that every single one of them were totally convinced they would be successful. They didn't know how, but they knew they were going to be successful. What that means, they were not so much caught up in the journey. They were focused on the destination and it didn't matter what the journey looked like because they were single focused on the and that is a scriptural principle that they have tapped into. Your ambition must be to have the Holy Ghost. Your ambition must be to be a perfect man. Be therefore perfect as your father in heaven is perfect. that scripture Matthew 5:48 if that becomes your ambition your ambition as brother Brandham said is to be God's advertisement board have you been God's advertisement board this week have you been living such a life to point people to Christ that when they see you they say you know what I want to be like you what is your ambition tonight this is to sort of rock your thinking into you know what I good how I am you know I I cool you know I I really fighting up I whatever happen happen I just I just hanging in there I this is not a message about hanging in there we're not talking about hanging in there we're talking about having an ambition to keep climbing to keep moving ambition defines that backsliding cannot be an option because if you have an ambition to be a son to be a good son to be a the right kind of a son. Our pastors preach that the right kind of a son, if that is your ambition, how could that ambition and backsliding be the same paragraph, the same sentence? Because your ambition is to be the right kind of a son. The right kind of a son fit for adoption, fit for God to use you. Your ambition pushes you when you don't feel like pushing. Because every successful person will tell you there are times they feel tired. We referenced in the last Bible study Moses on the mountain when they were fighting Amalecch. When his hands were up, they won the battle. When his hands went down, they lost the battle. I want us to stop for a minute to realize that the real battle was not the battle in the valley. Man throwing sword, shields, spear, clashing, all that activity in the valley was not the real war. The real war was being fought on a mountain because when Moses raised his hand, they won. When Moses' hand fell, they lost the battle. And many times we look at what is happening in the valley and we're trying to blame the men in the valley, blame the situation in the valley, blame the the the challenges in the valley. And the real issue was Moses was getting tired. And if he didn't have the friends Aaron and her to lift his hands up, they would have never won the battle. This message on the fire of ambition is for you to reook at the fire. Reook at what's motivating you. Reook at what's inspiring. What is the source of your inspiration? What is driving you in the morning? Is it people still have to wake you up? I say to my team in my company, I I don't have to mo I shouldn't have to motivate you because motivation should come with you. You are supposed to be motivated. My job is to direct motivation, guide motivation. But if I have to motivate you, something wrong because we are built to be motivated. We are we are supposed to be motivated. Motivated should come with the territory because it's built into us to be the very best. If you are not desiring because God is perfect. So as we approximate to God, as we try to look like God, act like God, we are supposed to be nearer to perfection, not the other way. This is why the prophecy say we're living under our privileges. And this is across every area of our life. God has set a standard and the standard is not coming down to us. We have to rise to the standard. Come up hither. Climb higher. Lift your expectation. Your family could be stronger, better. Your house could be different. Restore the altar in your home. Change your perspective. Your ambition is supposed to be happy. The joy of the Lord is your strength. Why are you accepting anything less than that when that is what God's desire is for you? Adam walked away from God's ambition for him because God's ambition was for man to have dominion. I'm repeating the point again just to make sure it sinks in. Now, Adam's responsibility was to express that ambition in his daily life, display the ambition. And as he was in his ambition and God's ambition was being expressed, it was a perfect picture. What God wanted to achieve was achieved. What man was doing was in alignment with God's achievement. Anybody with me? Let me circle back here now. Mark 8:36. This is one of the most profound scriptures on ambition. For what shall it profit a man if he shall gain the whole world and lose his own soul? This gain the whole world is the story of ambition. Because for you to gain the whole world, it meant you worked harder than your competition. You did more, you achieved more, you grew, you made decisions. And the word is saying here, what profit is it if you shall gain the whole world and lose his soul? The ambition of God follows God. Social media has a dangerous impact because it creates a situation where people are looking into what they perceive to be the life of others. And the crazy thing is and there have been many studies done on this and it's embarrassing actually because young people look on social media, see things happening and they want to be like that because that's a mission. I want to be like that. I want to be an influencer. I want to be a content creator. I want that kind of life. I want that kind of home. I want that kind of marriage. I want that kind of clothes. I want that dress. We live in a world where marketing has changed because we want to have what other people have. So people's ambitions have now changed to reflect what other people are doing. Anybody with me? So this person wore that clothes, the store sell out because that person wore it. all of the stuff going that because people want to be like that and comparison has become what is the silent killer of calling. So why I look at my church well none of my friends come in. So who who are you benchmarking against? Because your ambition should not be coming from your school friends from the internet from social media for any because your ambition is vertical not horizontal. Anybody with me? Your desire should come from God. What does God want? And are you strong enough to say, you know what, I don't care what anybody else is doing. And this is where the statement as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord. And if nobody else will do it, I will do it because my connection is to God. That must become your ambition. On this thing about comparison, a scripture to note in 2 Corinthians 10:12, but they measuring themselves by themselves and comparing themselves among themselves are not wise. So this is a scripture that say here's what don't look at nobody. Can I read it one more time? But they measuring themselves by themselves and comparing themselves among themselves are not wise. So God is saying here's what don't look at nobody around you. Your benchmark what people could not achieve has nothing to do with you. How people have failed have nothing to do with you. You and not everybody else. As a daughter of God, as a son of God, your orders, your guidance, your instruction, your energy comes from the Lord. And when you see that picture and you seek the Lord with all of your heart, what devil, what demon, what opposition could ever stop you from achieving what God wants you to achieve? God has something to prove. And we have preached this before. When them brothers in the Old Testament pray and say, "Lord, Lord, we sin, but your name, Lord, I don't want your name for your name's sake." God responds because he is, he protects his name. He protect his investment. God chose you. God is not now choosing. God is not looking at the list here in this Bible said tonight to decide who to choose. He is choose. He is his choosing already took place. You are the expression of a choice that has already been made. But are you living fully in the choice that God has made for you when it comes to every aspect of your life? And the reason I'm harping on every aspect because God wants a complete Christian. He don't want you so spiritual that your natural life can't inspire anybody and so successful that your spiritual life can't inspire anybody. So he's very clear. He give you all things pertaining to life and godliness in balance. You could be a successful Christian living in holiness, living in purity and attributing all of your success to God. Anybody with me? So I'm sewing a seed in us tonight. Stop comparing yourself. The only comparison you need to make is against what you did and where you're going. In other words, beat your own record. You know, in the Olympics race, you have people who so good they don't even compete with nobody else. There was a time Usain Bolts was running and he beatated his record. Other people running, they like they not even in the race because he beating his record. So, it means he not competing with the other people in the race. He competed with himself. You need to compete with yourself. Are you a better version of yourself than you were last week, last month, last year? What's your personal record? What's your record in prayer? Could you beat that record? What's your record in reading scripture? Could you beat your own record in reading scripture? What's your record in forgiving? What's your record in blessing others? Last Bible study we talked about Lot was so blessed because Abraham was in his life. If there was ever a story in the Bible about cup running over was Abraham because the blessing of Abraham was so much that Lord get blessed and all of us it is good to have an Abraham in your life who could bless you. That's a that's a wonderful thing. But let me ask you a question. Are you an Abraham in anybody's life? Because there's two sides of this picture always, you know, it is good to say there's an Abraham in my life and because I've been in contact with this person, I've been blessed. But but could the opposite also be true that you are an Abraham to somebody else? That you are a blessing to somebody else? Anybody with me? Right. godly ambition could celebrate others because it clearly understands that no one else could take your place in the plan of God. I want us to appreciate that for a minute. Your place is unique in scripture. Paul could not replace Peter. Peter could not replace Paul. John couldn't do what Peter could do. Peter couldn't do what John could do. What Andrew was called to do was different from Peter, different from James. Every single one of us has been carefully designed for a specific role, a responsibility, a calling, a gift, a path, a journey that God himself designed. I want to encourage us. Your ambition must be to be perfectly aligned with what God wants you to be on your job, in your school, in your home, in your marriage. No excuse. I've said it over and over. When you work on your job, the Bible says you work to the Lord. These are principles that I believe God looks at. He says in all your ways, the word all is self-explanatory. All your ways acknowledge him and he will direct your path. If you cannot acknowledge him in something, why are you doing it? Anybody with me tonight? We must teach this generation that excellence and surrendering to God could coexist. I want to say that again. We must teach this generation that excellence, [clears throat] the spirit of excellence, the spirit of perfection and surrender to God can coexist. It doesn't have to be one or the other. I cannot accept it. It can coexist. Abraham was very successful and very spiritual. And I'm not defining success financially. I'm defining good success according to scripture. Meditate on the word day and night. You'll have good success. Success could be impact. As a school teacher, you have touched lives in a way that is next level. I have met teachers who are sloppy, who not prepared. They're not doing the work. Everybody know them. And they are teachers who distinguish themselves in every field, in every endeavor, in every specialization. They are medical doctors who are best in class. The medical doctors you watching, you want you want to know where were you in the class. There are engineers who are exceptional. There are engineers who are sloppy in every single aspect of life. There are people who are average. There are people who are above average. There are people who are below average. Where should sons and daughters of God exist on this spectrum? Is it acceptable when God has called us for a ministry of perfection for us to be sloppy in anything that we do? Because God himself gave the best, displayed the best, shared all. And across the board, our reflection of his majesty should be at a high standard all the time. Anybody with me? So the age of well trying to grow spirit trying to grow spiritually but your whole life in a mess. You have make up your bed in the last year. I don't want to come into your home tonight but your natural life there's no improvement. If God were to walk in their house, you say, "Hold on, hold on. Clean it up a little bit." And when tell me when I could come back is the old people used to say cleanliness is next to godliness. Anybody remember that? I'm challenging our thinking because it comes down to discipline. It comes down to how you want to live your life as a complete person and it comes to how you spend your time. Because many of us we practice what is some level of escapism. We want to escape. So we escaping. We we Tik Tok is escape. Facebook is a movie. Old talk is all kind of escape. And confronting the real issues to determine okay these are my gaps. These are my strengths. This is where I'm right. This is where I'm wrong. Help me see something better. Have the conversation. It is a blessing that Moses could have listened to his father-in-law because Moses could be a Trinidadian and say but Jethro God I talked to you God talk to me. If this one man in scripture we know was hearing lift to air from God is Moses and Moses say who are you to talk to me. But when Jethro say what you doing is not right. You're hurting yourself. You're hurting the people. Delegate the responsibility. Moses say you know what that making sense. And we challenged ourselves in the last Bible study, who are the people in our lives who could confront us, tell us the truth, and we wouldn't get offended because it's one thing for people to tell us the truth. It's a whole next thing if you could receive it. And many of us cannot receive the truth when it's told to us in even in love. And the reality is even if it's not in love, if it's the truth, you should be managed to say, you know what, you're right. You know, I could I could do better. I could improve. I could change. So I'm driving us for those in the room this evening. Let's reook at our ambition. Let's go. We must teach this generation that excellence and surrender could coexist. You could have a big dream but the brand say ask God for big things. That's a profound deep concept. You have two three different ailments. Why you want God to heal one? I want God to heal all. You could dream big and stay humble. That's God's picture. That's God desire. You can build without losing your beliefs. You could be successful and submitted. Colossians 3:17, "And whatsoever you do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the father by him." We have to reclaim the word ambition. It is not wrong to want to lead, to grow, to innovate, to excel because that is what Adam was doing. But it is arrogance when we do it without God. We need young people. We need fathers. We need mothers. We need entrepreneurs with the Holy Ghost. We need students in our schools who are top of their class because they have the discipline to study, but God is with them. I said to the young people many years ago, a thousand people could be applying to the job. You should have the qualifications, but God can now work with the man who doing the interview and say, you know what, there's something about this resume that I'm looking at here that I already feel this person is the person because you have God on your side, but you can't not have the qualifications and expect to be on top of the is a thousand people that apply for the same job. At the very least, you know, Daniel and these guys were all qualified, all sharp, they were they were sharp. We we did that Bible study a long time ago. They were masters in their craft. They adopted the language of their capttors and God was able to work with them. No excuses. This is the generation I believe that will marry spiritual growth, spiritual maturity with excellence. You could have the Holy Ghost and be a good husband, have the Holy Ghost, be a good wife, have the Holy Ghost, be a good son, have the Holy Ghost, be a good daughter. It cannot be you are so spiritual that you have no behavior at home. It it it not computed. This is not about living nice in church and you in your work if people don't know. I've preached many times your neighbors shouldn't be shocked to know you're a Christian. If your neighbors shock your Christian something is very wrong. If your coworkers be like, "Wait now. You you you just go to church. Something is very wrong. You must be able to type the source of your supply." The Bible says in Matthew 5:16, "Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven." Not glorify you, you know, but is your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. Which means your light, your good works must reflect and glorify your father in heaven. Anybody with me? So you have to have something to show. In closing, is your ambition pure? I would love to believe that every single person in this room want to achieve something. But is your ambition pure? Psalms 139 23- 24 David says, "Search me, oh God, and know my heart. Try me and know my thoughts and see if there be any wicked way in me and lead me in the way everlasting." Some of us, we have ambitions that were never ours to begin with. When a young boy, young girl says, "I want to be like this or like that," and is a movie star or an entertainer, that's an ambition that was never yours to begin with. Think about it. I want this. I want that. I want to do this. I want to do this. I want to do. Where did that ambition come from? Because there are only two sources of all ambition. It's either God's ambition like we started with the lesson on or the devil's ambition. Check your ambitions because we are guided by our ambitions. We are motivated by our ambitions and they have as we said eternal consequences. Let us bow our heads bow our heads for a word of prayer. Our gracious heavenly father, we thank you tonight for this short study on the fire of ambition. What drives us? What motivates us for us? Should we look at what's pushing us and what we want? And if what we want is what you want for us. There are many people with borrowed ambitions. They want things. They're not even sure why they want it. They don't know what they don't know why they want it, but they want it. And it's because of the influences that are around us. But Lord, you have ambitions that you have expressed to see a church without spot, without wrinkle. To see, Lord, your people come into a realization of who they are. You have an ambition for a manifestation of the sons of God. You have an ambition to see a perfect church, a church that sin cannot stay in that church. You have an ambition to see a church come to perfection, to adoption, to to see, Lord, there's my spirit flowing freely. That's your ambition. It is your ambition that we should be light that people could see and could acknowledge that we couldn't do it on our own. That it was you doing it all along. So, Father, we want to search our hearts as David said and know my heart. try me and see if there be any wicked way in me. Anything, any desire that I might have that is not in alignment with you, Father. Because at the end of the day, we want to reflect your majesty, your grace, your power. Give us the strength. Give us the focus. Give us the resolute ability as we read the scripture when you were determined to go to Jerusalem, Lord, to be determined to be real Christians. That our ambitions would be to be a true son of God, a true servant of God. Your prophet taught us, Lord, that you don't make halfway Christians, but a Christian could be halfway. Let our ambitions be to be all the way. You said you don't make halfway preacher, but a preacher could be halfway. You don't make halfway deacons. You don't make halfway anything. But Lord, it is up to us whether we have the ambition to be halfway or we have the ambition to go all the way. Give us the ambition to be Lord fishes of men. Give us the ambition as you said in Lord through your prophet the church of the living God is to have a high ambition. Help us to lift our ambition beyond what we may see with the natural eyes to see and tap into the ambition that you have for us that you could bless us abundantly, Father. that we can have the testimony of our cup run it over. And Lord, in running over others could be blessed. Our families, our loved one, those that we care about. Father, if there ever was a time for the standard to be raised, it's now. So, Father, may you bless your people. May you strengthen your people. May you inspire your people. May you touch those that might be afflicted even now. Father, the word teaches us if two shall agree touching anything, we could have it. And Lord, even as the word has gone forth tonight, Father, we come in faith together, Lord, with the ambition to see your ambition expressed to see your people healed completely. If there's anyone sick in our midst, any hard case, whatever it might be, Lord, we there are so many different ones in the church, Father, we unite in faith tonight, Lord, for the sick in our midst, Father, for those that are struggling. And Lord, the enemy will try to do what he wants, but we come against it tonight in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. Lord, may you heal your people. May you touch your people. May you break bands. May you, Lord, bring great deliverance to homes, to families, to lives. May you change situations and circumstances. Father, may you start a revival in homes. Lord, may you help restore the altars in the families. Father, Lord, there are so many other things we could be doing at this point in time, but here we are tonight, Lord, in this session. So, may you bless your people, may you strengthen your people, may you inspire your people, and may you be with us. May you bless the service this coming Sunday. May Lord the power of God move in such a way Father that Lord we would Lord say it was good to have been here. May you be with your people in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen and amen and amen. May the Lord richly bless you this evening. May he keep you. Looking forward to seeing everyone in church on Sunday. Lord willing. God bless you. Have a wonderful evening. Have a blessed weekend. Thank you so much for coming.
