################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-03 - True Worship By The Mechanics AND Dynamics Together - Pastor Theophilus Ovid - Theophilus Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-03
Title:    True Worship By The Mechanics AND Dynamics Together - Pastor Theophilus Ovid
Speaker:  Theophilus Ovid
Church:   Headstone Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 57m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0kP7iysoj8
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat up here. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Amen. Let's all stand this evening. Oh, his blood has washed away each day. [Music] Oh, and I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. Give him glory, holy people. Oh, for his blood has washed away each day. Ooh, I will praise him. Oh, I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sickness slain. [Music] Oh, and dear, let's give him glory all ye people for his blood has washed away each day. One more time I will praise him. Oh, singing. will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinless land. [Music] Oh give him glory ally people who for his blood has washed away he sins. Oh let's give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Oh, give him glory tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give him glory for his blood. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be your holy name. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Glory. Amen and amen. Are you happy to be in his presence tonight? Thank God for the privilege to be called the sons of God tonight. We called by his name. Welcome to the house of the Lord. If you have your Bibles, we want to read from Psalms chapter 3. Psalms 3. Amen. for a scripture reading. We get some more volume in the monitors. I'll begin. Thank you. Psalms chapter 3 and verse one says, "Lord, how are they increase that trouble me? Many are they that rise up against me. Many there be which say of my soul, there is no help for him in God. Salah, but thou, oh Lord, art a shield for me, my glory, and the lifter up of my head. I cried unto the Lord with my voice, and he heard me out of his holy hill, Silla. I laid me down and slept. I awake, for the Lord sustained me. I will not be afraid of 10 thousands of people that have set themselves against me round about. Arise, oh Lord, save me, oh my God, for thou has smitten all mine enemies upon the cheekbone. Thou has broken the teeth of the ungodly. Salvation belongth unto the Lord. Thy blessing is upon thy people. S may God add bless him to the reading of his word. Do you believe his blessing is upon you tonight? Oh hallelujah. He brought us through a mighty long way. For that we give him praise tonight. Let's lift our hands as we pray and ask God's blessings tonight. Almighty God, we thank you for your blessing upon us, Lord. It is because of this we made it through the muk and the ma. Lord, through the shadow and the flame, through the tempest and the storm, your sword went before us and divided the enemy on our left and on our right. We are here by the grace of God and that alone tonight. We thank you tonight to be in your house, Lord. For you are mighty to save, Lord. Your hand is not too short. You couldn't reach down for us tonight, Lord. We give you all the praise and honor and glory. And we thank you for your word tonight. We thank you for your promises. We thank you for your presence. We thank you for this place tonight that we could come to worship you and to hear your word and to gather around your your feet. Lord, we pray that your presence would come in a special way. Bless us as we sing praises unto your name as we create as we make room for you tonight. May you come and be honored here among us, Lord. Lord, may I have your way be May you bless your servant tonight as he would yield himself, Lord, to be used of you, Father. We give you the highest place tonight. Have your way in us tonight, oh God. Oh, abide in us tonight, oh God. Father, and change us, Lord, as we behold your face, Jesus Christ, precious name, we pray and ask. Amen and amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Oh, glory to God. Why don't you turn on? Greet your brother. Greet your sister. Singing through the blood. Through the blood, we can come into his presence through the blood. Oh Jesus has made a way that we can come into his presence through the blood. Oh with all your heart now sing through the blood. Oh through. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you, Lord. We can come into his presence. Oh, through the blood. Oh, and Jesus has Oh, he's made a way that we can come into his presence through the brother Stephven. Oh, through the pl through. Yes, Lord. Through the blood. Oh, we can come into his presence through the blood. Oh, and Jesus has. Oh, he's made a way that we can come into his presence all through the Oh, lift your hands and just worship him all over. Just give him glory. Just praise him right now as a music plays. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you for your blood, Lord. Thank you for your mercy, Lord. Thank you for your forgiveness. Oh, thank you for your Hallelujah. Your release. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. We walk in freedom because of the blood that paid our ransom that paid the price for my life. You redeemth my life from destruction. You brought me out of darkness. You brought me out of shame. You love me so much. You never let me go. Oh, hallelujah. House of hell. Oh, he couldn't stand against the bloodwashed ones. There's power in the blood to save, heal, and deliver. Oh, hallelujah for the blood. Oh, give him praise for his his life. Hallelujah. Thank him for his sacrifice. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, Jesus [Music] has made a way that we can come into his presence through the blood. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Jesus. Thank you father. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Glory, glory, glory. Amen, many amen. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, wonderful, wonderful. Oh, Jesus says to me, he's my counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he. He keeps saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his. Oh, tonight he is wonderful. Wonderful. Oh, Jesus is. Oh, he's mine. Prince of peace and mighty God. Oh, he keeps saving me. And from all sin and shame. Oh, wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his. Oh, tonight he is on. Oh, wonderful. Oh, Jesus says to me, he's my counselor, a prince of peace, and a mighty God is he. He keeps saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Oh, oh, my heart sings today. Sings for joy and gladness. Jesus saves, satisfies and banishes my sadness. Oh, guilt is gone. Peace is mine. Peace like to a river. Jesus is wonderful and mighty to delay. Oh, he is wonderful, wonderful. Oh, Jesus says to me, he's my counselor, prince of peace and mighty God is he. He keeps saving me, keeping me oh from all sin and shame. Oh, wonderful is my redeemer praise. Oh, once a slave, now I'm free. Oh, free from condemnation. Oh, Jesus gives liberty and a full salvation from the sins of the past. Oh, I've been all forgiven and my name is inscribed in the book of heaven. Oh, he is wonderful. Oh, wonderful. Jesus says to me, "Glory, a prince of peace and a mighty God is he." He keeps saving me, keeping me, oh, from all sin and shame. Oh, wonderful is my redeemer. Praise one more time. Oh, he is wonderful. Oh, oh, he is Jesus to me. He's my counselor. Mighty God is he and he keeps keeping me and from all sin and shame. Oh, wonderful is my redeemer praise. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, he is wonderful tonight. Oh, he is glorious. He is wonderful. He is mighty. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Great is the Lord. Greatly to be praised. His greatness is unsearchable. I can't find another like Jesus tonight. Oh, he is wonderful. Oh, how many want to praise him? He is wonderful. Glory. Oh, Jesus says, "Oh, he's mine. Oh prince of peace and mighty God is he keeps saving me and keeping me from all sin and shame. Oh wonderful is my redeemer praise. One more time. Oh he is wonderful. Wonderful. Oh Jesus says to me he's my counselor. Prince of peace. Oh mighty God is he. He keeps saving me. keeping me from all sin and shame. Oh, wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Oh, there is none like you. The Jan, no one else can touch my heart like you do. And I can search for all eternity, Lord, and find. There is none like you. Oh, there is none. Oh, there is none like you. [Music] No one else. No one else can touch my heart like you do. And I can search for all eternity. Lord and find there is none like you. Lift your hand and sing all over. Oh, there is none. Oh, there. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, do you know there's none like it Jehovah tonight? Cuz no one else. Hallelujah. Oh, I can serve eternity, Lord, and find there is none like you. Oh, give him praise right where you are tonight. Let us worship him. Oh, thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh glory. Glory. Thank you Lord. Thank you father. Oh worship him tonight. Think about all he's done for you tonight. Oh hallelujah. He's been with you every step of the way. Oh though you didn't see him, he was there. He was there in the cloud. He was there in the fire. He was there in the earthquakes. He was there in the storms. Oh honey, never leave you. He'll never forsake you. He'll always be with you, even to the end of the earth. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Lord, I am with you always. He loves you tonight. His arms are wide open tonight. His arms are stretch open tonight. As far as the east is from the west, his grace covers you tonight. Oh, his banner over me is love. Oh, love for my brother, love for my sister. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, there's honey in the rock for you tonight. His name is Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, I can search. Glory. Hallelujah. Eternity, Lord. can find. There is none like you. One more time. I can search. Oh, I can search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like you. [Music] Oh hallelujah. [Music] Oh hallelujah Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Oh hallelujah. Just draw closer to him tonight. Oh hallel abide in me he says. Oh hallelujah. Hallel. Let his word abide in you tonight. Oh Jehovah is your name. Jehovah is Jehovah is your name. Oh he's a mighty warrior great in battle. Jehovah is your name. With all your heart now sing, oh Jehovah is oh your name. Jehovah is Jehovah. Oh is your name. [Music] He's a mighty tori. He's great in power. Jehovah is your name. Oh, he's a mighty warrior and he's great in battle. Jehovah is your name. One more time. Jehovah is Jehovah is your name. Oh, sing it all your heart. Oh Jehovah is your name. Oh, he's a mighty warrior. Great in battle. Jehovah is your name. Oh, he's a mighty waring great in battle. Jehovah is your name. Let's just worship the Lord tonight. Hallelujah. Glory. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. [Music] Let's bow hands for the prayer. We have uh we have um prayer request here. Please pray for my granddaughter Abigail Williams. She's experienced headache and body pains. Please pray for Shanica. She's experienced chest and back pains. We at the hospital and awaiting the doctor's review of blood test and X-ray ECGs that was done. Also pray for blood pressure to return to normal on a morphine administer to her. Also, we want to pray for Paul Richardson for full recovery after three weeks coming out of a coma. Let's bow our heads of prayer. Heavenly Father, we bring Abigail Williams before you that your Holy Spirit will visit her tonight and Lord deliver from these body pains and headache. Heal the child in Jesus name I ask it. Father pray for Chica Father with all his chest pain and all the test and high blood pressure, whatever condition is a body, Father God. May your virtue flow tonight. May the angel of God pass by and may she be touched, Lord, and we should be healed in the name of Jesus. We commit a life into your hands with total and complete deliverance. And Father, we bring Paul Richardson before you that your Holy Spirit will visit him, Father, and give him a full recovery, full recovery, Father. May his faith be restored. May his love for you be restored. May it be a complete deliverance. I pray in Jesus name I ask it. Amen and amen and amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Let's worship the Lord a little bit. Father God, we praise you. We thank you Lord. We worship you. We thank you for your healing power. We thank you for your healing virtue. We thank you for your strength tonight. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Lord. Let's sing that song. Living on the shore. Living on the shore. I'm living on the shore. I'm living on the shore. I'm living where the healing baters flow. Living on the shore. Living on the shore. I'm living where healing waters flow. I'm living on the shore. My Lord, I'm living on the shore. Oh, living on the shore. I'm living where healing waters flow. Well, we are living on the shore. Living on the shore. We are living well. Oh, glory to God. It's hunger tonight. Living on the shore. We are living on the shore, my Lord. Living on the shore. We are living when the healing waters flow. My Lord. My Lord. Living on the shore. Living on the shore. Living where healing waters flow. We want to turn our Bibles tonight to St. John chapter 6, reading verse 63, one verse there, and St. John chapter 4, reading verse 20- 24. So reading St. John chapter 6 reading verse 63. It is spirit that quickenth the flesh profitth nothing. The words that I speak unto you they are spirit and they are life. It's in John 4. Reading from verse 20. This is Jesus speaking to the woman at the well and she say all fathers worship in this mountain and he say that Jerusalem is the place where men ought to worship. And Jesus says unto her woman may leave me the hour cometh when ye shall neither in this mountain nor yet at Jerusalem worship the father. See he was killing this. You have to be in this place. You worship, you know not what we know what we worship for salvation of the is of the Jews. But the hour cometh and now is when the true worshippers, watch that word true now, shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth. For the Father seeketh such to worship him. God is a spirit and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. Let's bow our heads. Father God, we thank you for your word tonight and I pray you come and interpret the word to the hearts and lives of your children. Speak to us by your word and may be transformational tonight. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. You may be seated. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Right. Okay. So tonight have a title true worship by the mechanics and dynamics together. And I have an inspiration. You don't have to know the mechanics. Just know the dynamics. That's actually a quote from brother Baron. You don't have to know the mechanics. Just could you imagine after all these years coming down hearing the teaching of the word, the preaching of the word, the unfolding of the word only to discover now you don't have to know the mechanics. You have to know the dynamics. Amen. All right. So God is a spirit. God is a spirit. Amen. And they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. Now God is the object of worship. So for him to be God, it must have worippers. People worshiping all kind of gods. Now all kind of deities, all kind of things they worshiping. But God is a spirit. Isn't that right? So brother Abraham said, "May I stop here a minute and say I believe that the people are in preparation for the last great destruction this world will ever know." I believe we at the end. You can speak to people. You could put Billy Graham in every city in United States. They will drink whiskey, smoke cigarettes, laugh at you. Everything else, they are in the spirit of the last days. And God cannot send destruction before the people are in the spirit for destruction. Amen. So this thing about rain, latter rain, this thing about dynamics affects everything. Amen. That's why the prophet said the the the United Nation is waiting for the dynamics to come to enforce the laws. So, so like the vision Abraham had of a man planting seeds and everybody crying for rain. The old seeds all kind of contrary seeds, they're waiting for rain to manifest. So, this dynamics or spirit will bring forth every seed after its kind. Do you get it now? So, dynamics is coming. It is guaranteed. Dynamics is not the issue. It's what seed is there. So don't worry about dynamics. I want to show you tonight that you should be convinced tonight. This thing really coming. No man could stop it. No preacher man, no bishop man, no church man, no intellectual man, no message man, no message pope man, nobody will stop the dynamics of the spirit that is prophesied to be over the bride and over you. You see what I did there? Not just over the bride, over you. We could see it for over the bride, but when you're talking about over you is a problem because you are to believe it had to come over you. Just as Jesus said it, the spirit of the Lord is upon me. Not everybody is upon me for he had anointed me to bring good tidings. Hallelujah. You have to see it for yourself. Oh, give the Lord a shout that the spirit of God will come upon you, not upon the pastor and brother Tio. No, no. Upon you. [Music] So catch this. The people themselves have to be in a certain spirit before they could be destroyed. He call it the spirit of destruction. [Music] God never destroy anything. Man always destroys himself. So with that spirit, it brings, attracts, it draws destruction. And what do you think draw the Holy Ghost? The lamb spirit. Amen. It brings, it draws, it attracts the Holy Ghost. There are something that attracts the Holy Ghost and there's something that doesn't attract the Holy Ghost. We have got to get in the spirit of the last days. When the last days are here, you go to a dance hall, you get into the spirit of dancing or you won't dance. You go to the church, you get in the spirit of worship before you can worship. So, it's a spirit. Somebody come grumpy. They come, they fed up, they can't make it no more. They have no place to go. And they come here, they sour. They call them sours like a lemon. They come to worship. They come to disturb the service. Best they stay home. When you come, you come to worship. You come to shift modes from the job, from the home, from what you see on the streets, from the maxi, the taxi, the bus, whatever. You shift modes all together. Family problems and you're feeling dong and you're feeling depressed and you're feeling upset. All of that. You shift that out. You have to be able to do that. When you walk out of your house, everything inside your house, it stay right there. You're going to pray. You're going to praise. You go into the house. You looking for fire to fall inside your house. When you out of your house, you was the part of the problem in your own house. Let me say it again. I don't know how that come. That come. You might be the problem yourself when you walk out the house different because you yourself is a problem. So it's good for you to be here tonight because you can get your problem solved and when you go back to the house something different I didn't know that come that just come out. Hallelujah. That was somebody inside. Yeah know you yourself is the problem in your own house. Oh God you're looking for the problem. Look at the problem. You are the problem. Solve you the problem solve. Oh Lord I shall solve you the problem solve. Solve you the quarrel solve. Didn't expect that. Don't know where it come from but it's coming along the pipe. Hallelujah. So let's let's go. The world has got to get in the spirit of the last days before the last days can come. And we are in the spirit of the last days. And God promised that these things would be here. And that is what we got. We're in the last days. And men and women are sitting asleep and don't realize it. If we don't get contact with the spirit, the last days we're in trouble. Here's why. Jesus said they eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they given and married until that means normal living. Nothing. No drama. We seen drama. We seen Israel and Iran. We seen Iraq. Um um um Ukraine and Russia. We seen drama around earthquakes, floods. We seen drama around and people still natural eating drinking life that happen. Hey, go a prophet. You know what I mean? We need to see more of the spirit. We want to see the operation of the spirit. God give us the hungering for that. Got a hunger for that. You know, listen to brother Brana. You know, there's something about when we see Jesus do things and can know it's him. Now note, he's not talking about service, sermons, messages. He's talking about Jesus doing things. Watch this. Now, nothing else could do it but him. When we get together, everybody want to testify. Everybody wants to say something, they want to talk about it. You can have a revival at your church. The pastor can speak a marvelous message or evangelist or whoever it might be. You can see some certain things take place. But or you can see some certain things takes place. Something in the neighborhood. Someone was healed. The neighbors get together and talk about it. How marvelous was you there? You should have seen it. It was the most outstanding thing. There is something about the works of God that thrills my heart more than anything else that happened. Amen. So we could preach till we blew in the face. Preach till all the hair we have fall off. That is cannot be compared with when God begin to do and perform and act. You're talking about signs and wonders and miracles. The message don't want to talk about it, but I'm going to talk about it. It's a big difference from preaching and teaching and God doing and working and manifesting and declaring and confirming and vindicating. [Applause] [Music] Glory. God is a spirit. He has to walk through someone. You have to walk through somebody. You have to walk through some vessel. But God is a spirit. And the only way to see him is to see his works. After he reveal himself by his word, he has to come and show his works. Glory to God. Come on, write with me now. I have a scripture for you now. And the Lord himself, not some pastor, not some bishop. The Lord himself went everywhere with them confirming the word that they were teaching, preaching, evangelizing, confirming that word with signs, with wonders, with miracles, not with more mysteries, not with more unfolding and revealing and talking for four, five, 600 hours. The Lord himself, not pastor this and brother this and somebody from foreign. Can we start it tonight? You know, give the Lord some praises. The Lord himself. Hallelujah. Not another mighty angel, not some other angel. The Lord himself you Jehovah. Oh, give the Lord some shouts in the house. That God that was with Moses. That God that was with Joshua. That God was in the early church. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] My wife smary, she always tells me if the children don't hear it, they can't speak it. If they can't speak it, they can't write it. It's very interesting. And I I keep watching with my grandchildren watching the unfolding of speech. And I discover so late that speech starts before they talk because they're hearing they're processing the words not coming out of the mouth yet but they're processing things. They they adding up things they're not looking grammar and verb and mixing. No, when they start to talk they're talking sometime they talk before they walk. But they're human being that was born and raised up to walk and talk and live. Amen. And God sees us as sons and daughters of God. It doesn't appear what we shall be. But we know we have the potential to be like him, to walk like him, to talk like him, to act like him. God himself has his expectation of us. So don't sit here and just look at me like you don't know what I'm talking about. God himself have his expectation of us. Sometime I preach about God in his labor pains to bring us forth. He had labor pains. Hallelujah. So brother Baron says there is something about the works of God that thrills man's heart more than anything else that happens. It's just an unforgettable experience when we come in contact with the Lord Jesus and see the things he does so great and marvelous in his ways and we find out that they were rejoicing over the works that was done in the day of revival and perhaps I would like us tonight in the same manner. Now we just witnessed one of the greatest revivals I believe that the world has ever seen in the last 10 and 15 10 to 15 years. It's been a revival. Uh it had the Welsh revival, Moody revival, Billy Sunny revival, but it's been a worldwide sweeping of fear across the world. Great healing services, great revival fires has burnt on practically every hill here in the world. Right now, way over in the lands of Africa, and China, what I'm talking about, this gospel being preached and people are being healed right this very minute around the world. But now let's go. In the last few years, it's quiet down. You don't notice the enthusiasm in the people that used to be. Amen. Amen. I remember of having the privilege by the Holy Spirit to spearhead that revival that started when that angel of the Lord appeared on the river and said about many years ago and see it happen and see it set minister house of fire everywhere revival broke out. And a man claiming to meet angel and all kind of thing and nothing happening. Who angel is that? You understand what he's saying here? He claimed brother man that he met an angel and he gave a testimony considered an angel and when he testify about it it light up men's heart. Remember is that he alone was in his healing and praying for the sick you know it had ministers all around the world being anointed because this is what fire does. It will light you up. It will light your brother up. It will light your neighbor up. It will light the community up. It is a light. It's a fire. It's a burning. It's an experience that is not a talk thing. It's a living thing. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Do you get it tonight? That why the Isuza Street Pentecostal revival people came from around the world there and went back with firemen. They say the anointing was so much blocks away from the streets, you know, before he even reached the church, the little place. Yeah. Get them. People fall along in the streets from the anointing that was in the building. That is the Holy Ghost. You know, there is no man saying he's the Holy Ghost, you know. That is the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Holy Ghost have nothing with man. Holy Spirit is Holy Spirit. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Jesus never even claimed to be the father. He said, "When you see me, you see the father." Oh, get Oh, God. Get me started tonight. Go get me started tonight. Hallelujah. When you see me, you see the father because you're seeing the works that the father does. Oh, glory to God. What is he saying? He said, I'm the mechanics. My father is the dynamics. My father is in me. My father is working me. My father is using me. Mechanic and dynamic together. Or give the Lord a shout in the house. Do I hear a shout [Applause] [Music] Jesus mechanic son spirit dynamics the power. He said the works that I do. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My father work and I work also. When you see me, you see the father because the father is pushing himself. Is throwing out himself through me. Give the Lord a shout. Now when the Lord told him pick up a pen and write, he said by and through the bride will be fulfilled all. That mean the bride will become the mechanic and the spirit will mon the bride. The spirit will charge the bride and through you and by you. Glory to God. The power of God going to be loosed. The power of God will come forth. The power of God will manifest it. Give the Lord a shout. When they take about they shall lay hands upon the sick. He's talking about your hands. He didn't say brother T hands. He said your hands. They shall lay hands. That day is you. Oh, the Lord a shout in the house. [Music] Hallelujah. Let me read on. When the angel of the Lord appeared in the river and said that about what many years ago and the seat happened and seed set ministers had a fire everywhere revival broke out. Why? You could simply walk into a building and the people would just get out of their cuts and stretchers and walk away here. You didn't even have to say one word. Just being there was all it taken. [Music] Hallelujah. In other words, you just have to show up. There's some people don't like to show up. You just have to show up like you show up tonight. You just have to show up. Just being there, it was all that it took. I don't know about you, but I feel a rumbling, you know. I don't know about you, but I feel a still ring, you know. Because the bride had not a revival yet. It's coming. It coming. It coming. It's coming. Oh, give the Lord a shout. We can name the revival. We just saying revival. It's a bride revival. It's a seven thunder revival. It have a name for it. Give the Lord a shout. That's what we're here for. You didn't even have to say one word. No long talk needed. No mystery revelation needed. No unfolding. and and and and the stars and the comet coming. Let's continue. I remember one night in Vanelia, Illinois. I walked into the meeting and had no more been in the meeting over five minutes and there wasn't a feeble person around the place anywhere. wheelchairs pushed out and piled up. Blind was seeing, deaf and dumb speaking. It was simply the spirit of the Lord was present. That is what we talking about. Not no man present. But God present. God is a spirit. Preach back to me. I am preaching and you are to preach through. You are preaching when you're saying amen. You are preaching when you raise your hands. You are preaching when you're saying hallelujah. You are preaching when you bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. And I am not crazy. And we are not crazy. And we are not fanatical. And we are not Pentecostal. This is Pentecost. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Original Pentecost. Hallelujah. Maybe my start tonight. Maybe tonight is your night. Maybe the spirit could come down and be present. Jehovah Shama. [Applause] [Applause] [Music] He said about Moses five minutes in the present of the pillar of fire. do more for Moses than 40 years in text and book and the 78 n 10th book of Moses me know that all the lectures all the education all the information that is cancelled in the presence of pillar of fire five minutes and here the prophet said he walked in there in five minutes there wasn't a feeble person anywhere wheelchairs piled up pushed Brian was seeing defund them speaking. It was simply the spirit of the Lord present. He just healed the whole group of them. Now that is when you can do something when the revival is going. Yes, sir. But let that revival die down. You could hardly listen to these words now. The people are still Christians, but they are not revived into that spirit. That what the message come to you know. They're still Christians. That's why this thing hanging over. The bride has not a revival yet. Still Christians but no revival. Still Christians but no fire. Still Christians but no enthusiasm. Still Christians but not hungering and thirsting after righteousness. Because Jesus said, "Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness, they shall be filled." Oh, give the Lord a shout. And God can't lie. If he said they shall be filled, they shall be filled. Who is going to be filled? They that hunger. Are you hungering tonight? Or if you're full with all kind of crap in your system, what kind of a lot of shout all kind of theology, all kind of information, all kind of cuckoo revelation from the lower pits of hell. I mean every word that be preaching this night. [Music] The people are still Christians. They need message. I believe. I believe. But they're not revived into that spirit. Hear what he's talking about. That great atmosphere that does something. Understand? Some clown saying now we don't even need the atmosphere. Some intellectual idiot. That great atmosphere that does something. The atmosphere make the difference. A could hatch under a dog, under a pup, under a goat, anything sitting is the atmosphere. But the hatch, it had to have one hand. Once it the atmosphere is right, it will hatch. [Music] The fight tonight is to get in the atmosphere. What you think sin does? Sin messes you up and create unbelief and all kind of thing inside your system and condemnation. So you don't have the atmosphere on the inside. You don't have the atmosphere. But when that is broken, you could get into an atmosphere when anything could happen. That's what Buram says. He says milky white here, anything could happen. He was talking about an atmosphere. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Give the Lord a shout. I'm excited tonight. He said, "You know what I'm waiting on? I'm waiting on the angel of the Lord." And he's waiting. He is talking. All of a sudden, he is here. What is here? A atmosphere. Oh, can the Lord are shouting the house? You may be seated. And after brother Brandham connected Billy Paul with the angel of the Lord, Billy Paul testimony was he always knew When the angel walked in to the building always knew that it brought a presence. Another type of the angel of his presence. Who give the Lord some pres when he comes to bring a presence with him? Not the presence of the pulpit man or the triny man. Triny man. That's why he says, "And then we'll be worshiping the living Christ, him moving in and out among us." Talking about the seven thunders. Then you'll be worshiping the living Christ. Him moving. So there's a prophecy hanging over you that you will come into true worship. True worshippers in the last days. We couldn't have it because we didn't have all the truth. So God sent a prophet to bring all the truth. That we can worship in spirit and in truth. We have the truth, but where is the spirit? Oh, give the Lord some praises tonight. Help me preach tonight. Glory to God. I say brother going mad. We have truth. We have books and tapes. Seven seals. How seven church ages. All kind of messages that how much message the prophet have? We have the truth. But where's the spirit? I will get it. You know, he says I'm a spirit and no truth. And I'm a truth and no spirit. Did you get it? Yes, I'll read it for you just now. Some have spirit and no truth. Them shut down the whole church. Must have the whole church. And some have truth and no spirit. I think I think they have more they have more of them who have truth but no spirit. Yeah, they have a lot of letter letter. They could preach a letter as long as they could but the letter still killing. Paul say the letter killth him but the spirit giveth life. But we should know that because Jesus said, "The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life." So it wasn't just words Jesus talking. He knew he was talking spirit. Hallelujah. When Peter was preaching in Cornelius's house, it wasn't just words he was talking. He was talking spirit. So when while Peter spake these words, the spirit fell upon them that heard the word dynamics and mechanics together. Something have to shake. When dynamics and mechanics come together. Oh, give the Lord a shout tonight. What is that coming together for you tonight? What is that coming upon your life tonight? Dynamics and mechanics together. All the time and mechanics one way, spirit one way. But once we get it together, praise God, anything can happen. When when you say when brother Brown finish preach, he say he's waiting, right? And the angel come and the spirit is there. He said, "I take every spirit under my control." So he's speaking with authority because he know he have angelic backups for what he's about to do. He's about to challenge hell and Satan's kingdom in the form of sicknesses and disease that is sitting among a thousand people, 10,000 people, 20,000 people. Understand this. If it's 20,000 people there, you have about 20,000 n 19,000 devils down there. You know, maybe you never see it. People sitting down with all kind of these outrighters this that as devils and demons you know there sickness and diseases devils. So people sit down and say but devil saying no in your flesh in your body sometime in your spirit in your mind your soul devils laying there and with the authority of God he come to cast them out [Applause] [Music] and as devils leave they claim the healing they claim the victory they get the breakthrough because devils are being cast out by the word itself slamming them [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. So the people that kill Christians will not revive into that spirit. The that great atmosphere. So that spirit we identifying it here by what the prophet is that great atmosphere that does something. If the atmosphere is not there, the preacher to do something. Yes. Crack jokes. Re reveal mysteries that the prophet didn't reveal. Stimulate the gray matter in front or behind people. The Bible talk about not uh silly women laden with diverse lust ever learning never coming to you know the truth but they learning. They have books they have notebooks. They're writing everything else. They could talk back out what the preacher say but they answering back and root to their husband. There's no truth that say respect your husband. I don't expect much amen on that. But still the truth. Amen. All right. He said like a forge in a blacksmith shop. You got to get the iron hot before you pong on the anvil. You put piece of iron there. P it now. It go bounce and bust. You might b it might bounce and bust your head in. You understand what going on there? piece of metal go talking about. You put piece of metal and hit a bang, that thing will hit you straight in your head. But when you put it in the fire and it red hot and you hit it a lash, it bend, it could shape it because it hot. I rather you're hot or you're cold. I can't bend you when you're cold. I can't hit you when you're lukewarm. It's waste of time. It bouncing back. But when you're hurt, God could take his hammer and bend you and twist you and hone you and shape you and forge you. It's like a forge in the blacksmith shop. You got to get the iron hot before you go to pound it on the anvil. If you don't, it will never straighten out. So let's reverse it now. You bend up before God straighten out. He can hit that piece of bend. You know, he got to put it in fire. Amen. Say come here and give some worship and get some praise. Glory to God. That what the that the woman with the bloody street not bloody woman don't have devil come and do you know she come and worship. She come and praise God and whatn not. And he said no no no I'm not taking give to the dogs and she stand there. She hot boy. She moving like when you hot people have people have a different kind of hot now. They hot with anger and temper. They hot because they don't like what the preachers say. They hot because they somebody talk to them. They want to be spoken to. But that woman stood her ground. He call she a dog. He identify and labor and say wear that tag. Dog tag. Put on dog tag. I'm a dog. She said yes Lord. That's the truth. I go wear that tag. But even the dogs that get crumbs. He say I go wear a different tag now. I go free you and free your daughter. I I I sending freedom to you right now because you said the right thing. It came out of your mouth. That mean you can say the right thing. Come on. Come on. Come on. Church. People loosen them out on the wrong things. But that's what it takes to have a revival. Are you ready? Is everybody under the heat of the Holy Spirit. Yes, sir. That brought down the powers of God and a revival moving. Then is where prayer meetings going day and night, every minute, everywhere. Why the people wouldn't even leave the grounds? Everybody under the heat of the Holy Ghost. Amen. There's a difference between the mark of the beast and the sealing of God. God seals by his word. You believe that? Amen. Now you say, is that right, brother Brown? Yes, sir. Hear what he said? God seals by his word. You believe that, Bram? Yes, sir. Then he quote Ephesians 4:13. grieve not the Holy Spirit of God whereby you are sealed unto the day of redemption. So number one, he said you are sealed by the word. Then he show you Ephesians 4:3 which is the scriptures. Now you are sealed by the spirit. Then he said now the holy spirit is the word. Oh I love that. Hallelujah. You see the word is spirit and spirit is word. Do you get it now? God is not three. He's the same God in three dispensation. Three offices. God the father with the law. God the son in grace and God the holy ghost as you call it the same God in the Holy Ghost dispensation. God the father was the word. God the son was the word. God the holy ghost is the word. Is just three offices and the holy ghost seals you. Therefore you are sealed by the word. You say well I'm sealed by he said well then it identify itself. So the claim of being sealed means that it identify itself. It proves here we go. You can't belong to a system and be sealed with the system and the word. So that's why some people locked into their church and their church teachings. Well done by us. We don't see it. So we get so off the word. You know the pastor went and gave them blue glasses and all them went blue shades in the church. If you look in the spirit realm, everybody went blue shades. Why he making everybody see blue? So when they present the word, they can't see it. They say I see in blue. You know that's right. take off your shades. As I say that one time we went uh in the early years um I think not Disney World someplace and they were showing 3D something and a cinema had put you wear special glasses to see this treaty thing and they had some kind of a big um a big what they call it like a big lumber coming towards you. So like that. So when it when when when you have on the glasses now people ducking on thing you know and I just doing so because once you have the glasses on this thing coming for you know birds flying people do it so in the audience and doing so I just doing so when it come I just lift my glasses off because the glasses is making you see them things. So as long as I lift that up, me see nothing. It's on the screen right there. But put on the glasses. You seen think people ducking, people hitting and what kind of thing like that. People even see people screaming and thing like that. I just raise my glasses afterward my glasses. I see on the screen right there. One thing I never used to watch. I I never watch in horror thing. I say why should I sit down and fight myself? You can't get me sitting to watch a horror movie to sit down and fight my own self. I God why should I do that? Your heart palpitating long time had a thing called Dracula before the Lord two teeth and thing after night time sleep good because you thinking Dracula coming for you. Why should I want to be watching that for me to not to sleep good? No sir. So you see when they have these glasses that they put on people it causes them to see things a certain way. But the brother Brandon brought clarity. Amen. Write the vision. Make it plain. Make it clear that when you see it, you could run. Not walk. Run. Hallelujah. Then he said the minister cannot bring a revival. The revival has to come by the people. So somehow this vision have to come to you. Hallelujah. So they'll never to open your mouth and say brother is this and brother is that and the ministry here is this and that will not come out your mouth. Because what has to come is what you see as your promise. Every person under the fire and the heat of the Holy Ghost. Are you under the heat of the Holy Ghost? That is what must be your burden. That is what you must warn. I want to be under the heat of the Holy Ghost. I want to bring my portion to service next Sunday. I come with my fire. I am coming to get. I coming to give. Hallelujah. I am coming to beg. I commit to share what God has blessed me with. So you keep yourself, you preserve yourself, you create an atmosphere and you come to church with that. The song leader can hardly sing because the atmosphere is already there. [Applause] Now we find out a machine automobile got pistons, valves, carburetor and so forth. That's the mechanics. I'd like to say something to the church right now. Brings to my memory. I believe that we are so close to the end. I'm going to say something now. Let me see this. This is the 24th of November 1963 from what shall I call do Jesus Christ? What shall I do with Jesus call the Christ? I quoting this because there are some people like to say it was before the seals or after he seals is for them. They take what they want when they want you know just as the convenience line. So this is after the seals. So you see you want to say something here what he's saying there's not B you saying something here I'm going to say something now there are so many people trying to explain the mechanics when you don't know it what is somebody who said Noah I want you to explain the mechanics of how the ark float he couldn't do it you You don't have to know the mechanics. That's the inspiration. Just the dynamics of it. The dynamics is what you want to know. [Applause] But let me sting you a little bit. The dynamics is not just the dynamics is also a person. [Laughter] Oh, glory to God. The intellectual will take it right through to stick with letter and word and text. You have to know the mechanics. You have to know the dynamics. But the dynamics is a person. Amen, sister. That's right. Well, if somebody come to Israel and said, "S Moses, I want to understand how you could create animals with your own word." He said, "It ain't my word. It's God's word. He told me to do it. Tell me, explain to me how you made flies come upon the earth when there wasn't any flies on the earth. Moses couldn't explain it himself. You don't have to. How you make the east wind come and blow a hole across the Red Sea and we follow you on dry land. Explain the mechanics of that. What was the system you used? Moses, tell me the scientific research of of the atom you loose. He didn't know it. He didn't know the mechanic. He just know the dynamics. I can't tell you how I am living. I can't tell you how you are living, but you are living. I can't tell you how your heart and your food goes down and makes blood and take the strength of that food and goes in the third wall of the intestinalized tract and turns it back to blood and sends it back through you. I can't explain that. I can't explain. I don't know the mechanics. It's the dynamics. [Applause] Oh my. Now, Moses might have known the mechanics, but there was nobody else in place to understand it but Moses. They know it worked and that satisfied. Why can't the people be satisfied that way today? Amen. Why went to Tucson and he come back so and he went buy a new canyon so and he see so and he had a number six here and he gone through the day and he can't number was so what the hell me now somebody went to visit by the canyon and they get this by somebody I get a rock like a pyramid I get rock to and I went up there I never announced that what I suppose is that rock that rock is that represent Christ it's I get the capstone there. What kind of foolishness is that? If I come back here, you're not talking foolishness. It's a stone a pick up. It It means nothing. It's a stone from the mountain. It's a paper weight. It have nothing to do with anointing and capstone and revelation and we and there's a sign sign of what a sign of a stone that my grandson pick up thing and give me a special Samuel that is a normal stone. think that's some precious stone. I said listen that is a normal soul leave it alone. He digging for special suits special thing. Okay. All right. You don't know you don't have to know the mechanics. Just know the dynamics. Here we go. The thing that pulsates it that makes it true that see if it hits the target on the Bible every time. Now let's let's look at the woman with the blood issue. She was not a Christian. She was not a believer. She didn't belong to Jesus crowd or what a disciple. She was a sick woman. Spend all she money run out. Husband tell her dramatized husband tell her don't go back to that group that finical group. And she told herself one day in the mirror if I could just touch him. I made whole. She talked to herself tell herself give herself a promise. Tie herself up in all of that. And she said she going forward. When she went forward is crowded around Jesus. She had a choice. Say you know what God this this thing I asked for. Maybe it's another day. Not today. too much a crowd. I'm a private person. I don't want nobody to see me. I want to meet Jesus all by himself. Sitting on where? Sitting where? Where you meeting Jesus? Everywhere. Jesus go have a crowd around him. That woman had the guts, the gumption, the courage, the faith to go through and bust through all those men and push away. Listen, she couldn't just say, "Excuse me." She pushed. You could tell she had bad manners. You know, excuse me. And people moving moving big unbelief standing there. Big hard back men standing there with all the unbelief. You got to push through that tonight. But but Isaac tell me something. What brother Ulu said when when they leave Nigeria to go to Ghana Dr. Patru is Ben country to Ben to now I did one of them trips some time ago. It's not easy. You have to come out the bus pass through immigration. He's on land. So sometime they keep you long. They're looking for a little change and different things. Some no change for you. Might keep you at six hours, four hours and that's one like Togo and then you have to go to Benon and then they go to Ghana. So it's it's tribulation just to get to go to a convention in Ghana. But share with him that he he loves the borders. He switched the mind. He loves the borders because the border is resistance to your blessing. Once you bust through that, you see you see you make them think differently. So you stop seeing the six hour wait or what they're just resistance. You're going for a blessing. So you had to pass through the to resistance and you had to pass through the Ben resistance and you're going to the Ghana to get your blessing. Oh, give the Lord some praises. If we could only rephrase things, we stop seeing, oh gosh, why this so and stop that? No bombs are falling on you. I see no drone bringing something and delivering and busting your glass and whatnot. The other in Ukraine, the other in Russia and fire and Israel and all of no nothing hitting you. Two rain hit Trinidad and they didn't want to go umbrella like a land outside like rain at all. I want to go to work because rain falls rain. Some people really know with bombs. So friends, we had to get tougher. Amen. We have to stop complaining because complaining is weaken your faith. Stop complaining. I find myself complaining foot and pain and all kind of achie I have activity in my feet. Let me test it right now. I have activity in my limbs and that's good enough for me. I praise God for that. Other than that you cry you a river. with the Greeks the Greeks and what all right so the dynamics wrap up is something so therefore when the Greeks act so we will see Jesus but say not to have him explained today with great intellectual messages we can explain it till you can see the picture but that's not what we are looking for tonight so clearly we're not looking for more mysteries more revelations I know about Ukraine I know all this time to this and that I know about all of that I don't even want to know about all of I want to know how this thing working. How the sick I want to know the dynamics of the sick. They shall lay us upon the sick. Not prayer know because the quickening power was in their hands. I show you the mystery. The mystery to be unfolded that that what you talking about? You do you know the mystery behind that? Electricity passing through your hands. The anointing upon your hands. You're touching and the people getting healed because the anointing is all your hands. Peter knew what he had. He said, "Silver and gold have I none." He couldn't explain that. But such as I have, he knew he had it. He wasn't guessing, well, I will give confirmation and you know, I get dream. Not that talk. Some people still waiting for the dream and the word is there to tell you what you're supposed to do. You waiting for a dream to forgive, a dream to drop your keep on dreaming. Not to have him explained today with a great intellectual message. We can explain it till you can see the picture. But that's isn't what we are talk looking for tonight. We are not looking for the mechanics. Amen. We are looking for the dynamics of it. From this night forward in this church, we are looking for the dynamics. If anybody ask what we preaching, I tell them what we looking for. We're looking for the dynamics. Praise God. [Applause] Well, the pope going on and right. You preach about the pope. Leave me with a dynamic. [Applause] You preach about Israel. Some people all kind of Israel mystery right now going on in in the in Israel business. You realize I don't preach about Israel. All right. Paul explained about who the real Israel. So Abraham faith in him not Isaac is the faith in the real Jew that you talking about Holy Ghost fil Christians. All right they leave Israel alone because I'll get blows for that. All right we are not looking for the the mechanics we are looking for the dynamics of it. We've got mechanics of religions in the Bible so bottlized it look like a great 35 coach train sitting on a track but if you haven't got any steam it take dynamics to perform with the mechanics. What we need now is to see that and that's what we have been taught all these years. Is it the truth or is it not? It's been explained over and over and over through different seminaries and churches until we are looking to see and so forth. Until we are looking to see who this person is. Now you say, "But Ram, how would you do it?" Well, did you notice when they come to the sermon of Christ who had been trained not to say sit down and explain it to you? No, he brought them straight to him. We would see Jesus. We would like for you to explain to us and tell us it's what's all about. That wasn't the question. They wanted to see Jesus and they brought him. We want to see the person and the person is what? Faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness and love. That's the person. That's why say I came to introduce people to the stature of a perfect man. I didn't come to build a new denomination. I didn't come to bring a new church. I came to introduce this person to you. add to your faith virtue and to virtue knowledge and temperance and patience, godliness, brotherly kindness and the love of God. That is the person of Christ. Give the Lord some praises. [Applause] We couldn't find him in fine lectures cuz we find people here we go. This is deep. We find people who can stand up and can explain the word in such a way. It is breathtaking. It is I know men who could really preach, you know, they could bring that word out real solid, you know, but not by not I looking for but when we find it, it's still just a lecture. You see a lecture, it's the mechanics and we find the entertainer can go through all the actions. So you have the lecturers, you have the entertainers. The entertainers, they will give a performance, but it's still a entertaining lecture and you have lecture lecture stiff staty and they give it the word shock but people snoring, sleeping out cold on that under the lecture thing, right? And then they have the entertainer now who may have some actions and things like that wake the people up a little bit but still mechanics. We find the entertainer. So baram nailing the spirits who can go through all the actions so forth but that still isn't it that isn't what we are looking for we find the religious type street types for with the robes on and so forth that the robe on the one who dress special but we are looking here we go for the person Jesus Christ could we say amen amen we home stretch now the Greeks wanted to see him the Greeks wanted to know Jesus and he give them the way to know him to know him not to know his creed not to know his word not to know his m but but not to know his miracles but to know him and the only way you could find that is at the cross not at the cradle but you can't even preach the cross now you preach the cross now they going to say you preaching the real cross the cross now is there they crucify him the word I can hang myself on that you know I can bow before that how you going before that cross in seaman tabernacle the real cross where Jesus died is a cross he died But now you have intellectual dare they crucify him that he murder the cross. Now why do you but he pointed them to the cross. So when you bring them to Christ pointed to the cross not to a creed Jesus told me to join so and so church. He never did do that. He wouldn't do it today. You will just see him. He will point you to the cross. Go there and die and then you will know him if you want to know him. So he called for death. He called it the death of a corner wheat. Is that right? Oh my, this is beautiful. Jesus had to die to produce eternal life. Now listen closely, Christian friends. Unless you die to yourself and your feelings and act on God's word, you will never have life. Forget your feelings. I'm still reading. Just take what God said. How much are you in love with your feelings? in love with your emotions and you're bold enough to say so I feel this I feel this and you feel this and you feel this people are saying amen to this one you know why you know I'll say it again and try and see like you're feeling the pain already there hill there calary street cal going so it's so to the Unless you die to yourself and your feelings. When Baram was sick and doctor tell him he can't get well and all kind of thing and he and he caught a revelation by strike I'm healed. He said he stuffy thing down it vomit. He stuff it down it vomit. He stuff it down it vomit. And he said by strip I'm healed. By he vomit. He said and people say he was lying. He said I wasn't lying. I was quoting God's promise. By sh I was healed. And after was no vomit. He was healed. Oh give the Lord some praises. I'm feeling sick. I'm feeling sick. And the devil's standing sitting right next to you. Yes, you're sick. Come on now. Tell him how you're feeling. And you're feeling sick. And the more you say it is the more you and get anointed with it. But God tell us to say how we feel. He said to confess by his stripe. I'm healed. I am healed. I'm healed. I'm healed. Look what God Look what did the man with blind pastor pray for the man. The man he say you're healed. Come back in the prayer line. He said I pray for you already. He say he don't you say then you recognize man Catholic he's fake hold to nothing you say by strip I'm healed say that say that say that say that all the man have that only the Bible man have by strip I'm healed by strip I'm healed they laughing at him they mock him go let days pass but the weeks pass all of a sudden one day crack open and he jump off the the barber shop he is healed his faith connect with the reality of what Jesus already did for him he wasn't now heal you know he was healed 200 years ago his faith connected with what God did for him 2,000 years. Oh God, help us tonight when our faith can connect with that president's reality. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Unless you die to yourself and your feelings and act on God's word, you will never have life. Forget your feelings. Just take what God said and plant that seed into that life of your own debt. Your own debt and life will produce out of you. Praise God. We find in every age when God said a certain thing, what happened? Here come a man along manifested that. That was William Brham. Here come their people along and lived that. That was God himself living in the people because it was an answering of his word. Isn't that like isn't that right? Now Jesus said in St. John 4, the time is coming. And now is when God being a spirit will be worshiped in spirit and in truth. Now some people have spirit, no truth. Others have truth and no spirit. So the prophet said that oh glory to God. So they can't explain away the dead churches. The church is dead because they have no spirit there. Let me say it again good because people might make the churches is dead because the spirit is not there. The people believe the message but the spirit is not there. The spirit is active. Hallelujah. You talk about the Cadillac and all the steering wheel and diamond studs, but it can't go nowhere. All of them had the right mechanics, but one of them has the dynamics. You you might know the mechanics, but it take the dynamics to start off the mechanics to make them work. And that's what the matter with the church today. We are full of theology without any dynamics in it. In other words, you've got to have spark to the gasoline or the gasoline is no more than good as water. No matter how well we are taught, here we go. how well we believe, how much of the Bible we say is true and we believe it to be true. It's got to be the dynamics has got to be there, the spark to set that word of fire and make it start rolling. It's got to have that. If you don't, the church sits still. The car sits still. You sit still. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. But no matter how much you say, "I sympathize. I believe the word." You've got to have something to spack that off and to make that 100 octane go to firing. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. I think that's what the matter today. We are lacking the dynamical power to press the word and make it live for this day. Oh, glory to hear. We said the dynamical power to press the word and make it live for this day. Martin Luther had mechanics and dynamics of his day. John Wesley had mechanics and dynamics of his day. The Pentecostal had them with their day. What about our day? Oh glor, we have got to have mechanics and dynamics. And I am prophesying tonight. We're going to have dynamics and mechanics together. Praise God. Hallelujah. To worship the Lord in spirit and in truth. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What about our day? This is another time the church should be fully grown now, ready to go and meet Christ with the manifestation of every blessing he had promised in the Bible. We should come on please. Operating in that one great body where he promised he would meet the people and be worshiped in this great truth of his. All right. Where are we at here now? Oh, this have 10 pages tonight. I reach page six actually. All right. Got to get this here. When Balam asked God permission to go to curse Israel, right? God turned him down. My that's st. But Balac insisted promise him greater rewards and honor. So Balam went back to God. Now one answer from God should have been enough but not for self-will. Bam. When God saw his perversity, he told him get up and go. So he Bam come to God. He said God I want to thirst them. God said no. The man when he going back to the king said listen more money for you. He raised the offer. That's man going back to God. Say God I want to curse them. God said go quickly. He saddled the donkey. He went away. He should have realized this was simply God's permissive will. He wouldn't be able to curse them if he went 20 times and tried 20 times. Now like baam are people today they believe in three gods titles and so on. Watch. And God send the spirit upon them as is it upon Balam. And they will go on believing that they are exactly right. Teaching and preaching false doctrine in the message with the spirit upon them. Yes. Yes. They are perfect bummites. The doctrine of bum. Go ahead. Do it your way. They say, "Well, God has blessed us." And they have a history of God's blessing them. It must be all right. But Abraham, I know he has blessed you. I don't deny that. But it's the same organizational route that Balam took. It's a defiance to God's word. It's false teaching. Amen. So Balam went down, set up seven altars for the clean beast of sacrifice. He killed a ram signify to come Messiah. He knew what to do to approach God. He had the mechanics just right. Amen. But not the dynamics. Same as now. Can't you see it? One had God in their midst. form won't get you anywhere. It can't take the place of spirit manifestation. Give the Lord some praises. I don't care what people explain, what mystery they have, what capstone, revelation, interpretation, divignation, whatever they have, it cannot take the place of spirit manifestation in the upper room at Pentecost. Their bodies were so quickened to a new life. They were a bunch of cowards. I'm afraid to go out and make a claim. I'm afraid of them great bishops out there. But all of a sudden the dynamics come. What did it do? So I don't want no man explaining from dynamics here and this. No, no. Yeah. What did it do? It not only filled their spirit inside, it quickened their mechanics. Their bodies were quickened. So their hands was quickened. Their tongues was quickened. They couldn't speak the earthly language. They speak in other tongues. Their hands were so quickened that when they lay hands upon the sick, they recovered. Their bodies were quickened, they were no more cowards. They went one right out and said, "You men in Judea, where before the dynamics come, they were mechanics." But now, praise God, the dynamics come to the mechanics. They wasn't afraid it no more. Some of you people afraid a woman would laugh at you with long hair or quit wearing makeup or baptism and so on. It changed them. That's what dynamics will do. It will change you. It will change us. It changed them. It quickened them. It made them different. They would change people from then on. It quickened them from a old life of being a coward to like the lion or tribe of Judah. Oh, give the Lord some praises. That's what the Bible said. And their mortal bodies being quickened. Their language was quickened. Their thoughts was quickened. Their spirits was quickened. Their life was quickened. They were quickened all together. They tried to talk and they couldn't talk in the human language. They were so quickened up in the presence of God that they spoke with a new tongue. Amen. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Elisha, we almost done. We're on page nine already. I jump down. And when he was so tired, God sent a chariot down from heaven, horses of fire, and took him up. He was so full of that quickening power. Just think with the word of God in his heart, he become so full of that quickening power, it quickened him. Oh, it quickened it. Watch it. What does the word quick means? It means to be brought to life after death. That is the gate of worship. Amen. My God. Now if somebody tell you that Mark 16 is not true that that Pentecostal idea of the back of the Holy Ghost, that ain't the spirit of God in you. I don't care how well you are trained, that's not the spirit of God. My belong my mother belong to this and my father belong to that. No, he said he said Jesus Christ for this age and the promise that meant to the age. That's what you have to know. Notice we find out and I'm closing. This great quickening power struck Enoch. It quickened him and he went home without dying. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now you see the rapture revelation there. Now how are we going with that quickening power? We going with a book and tape. We can't work. So we going with explanation. We have four sermon and that no Enoch. Watch it there. He was so full of this quickening power. It quickened him and he went home with no dying. It struck Elijah and it quickened him and he went home without dying. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. begin to play something for Stephen. It is always there. And when you get that quickening power, being quickened up with him. Now remember, when Christ died behind the flesh, we are flesh of his flesh and bone of his bone. And when he was wounded, Christ at Calvary, he was wounded for you and me. We are flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone. And God, here we go. I'll leave you with this. God has already raised us up potentially. The quickening power has raised us from a life of sin and changed our being. It has potentially raised us up in Christ Jesus which the resurrection will bring us forth in full maturity. Oh glory to God. So right now we have a partial resurrection. We have a partial quickening that has changed us from Baptist Methodist to where we are right now. And we have a promise of that full crying power to bring us. Let's all praise God. Let's all stand and give God some worship. God bless you. Thanks again for coming. Glory to God. Father bless your people. Fill them with your Holy Spirit. Fill them with your breaking power. Fill them with your love. In Jesus name I ask it. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can we praise him tonight? Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Glory. And believe it tonight. You receive it tonight. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, glory to God. You can raise the key up. Amen. One, turn around. Greet your brother, greet your sister. Oh, they were in an upper chamber. Oh, and they were all with one accord. Oh, and the Holy Ghost descended as was promised by our Lord. Oh, and oh Lord, send the power just now. And oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. and baptize everyone. Oh now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. And baptize everyone. Oh yes, this power from heaven descended with the sound of rushing wind. Oh, and tongues of fire came down upon them as the Lord said he would send. Oh, now, oh Lord, send the power. Oh Lord, send the power. And oh Lord, send the power. Oh, and baptize ever. Oh, one more time. Oh Lord, send the power. Oh Lord, send the power. Oh, tonight send the power just now and baptize everyone. Oh yes, this old time power was given. Oh, to our father who were true. Oh, and it is promised to believe. Oh, and tonight we may have it too. All together sing it. Oh Lord, send the power just now. And oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. And baptize ever. Oh, one more time singing. Oh Lord, oh Lord, send the power. Oh, oh Lord, send the power. just now and baptize them. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh Lord. Hallelujah. Oh Lord. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Oh believer tonight. Oh. Hallelujah. Oh, we're looking for the dynamics. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, send the power just now. And oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now and baptize every. Oh, one more time we're singing. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now and baptize everyone. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Release your power upon your people tonight. Oh, this is our prayer. Amen. Well, let's get ready to bring the tanty offering. We offer a prayer for it tonight. How many appreciate the presence of God tonight? Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Thank you, Jesus. Let's just pray now. Almighty God, we are happy tonight, Lord. And Lord, we thank you for all that you've done for us, Lord. Now, we pray, Father, that your blessed tithes and the offering as we give it back to you there, God gone. Lord, we thank you for providing it, Lord. We pray now to your blessed people as that they give as they give. May you provide for them also. May you bless your people and bless their ministry they're gone as we continue uh to be led by the spirit Lord Father in these things both natural and spiritual. Granted almighty God we pray and ask it in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you father. Glory to God. Pour out your spirit. Pour out your spirit. Oh, pour out your spirit on me. Oh, that's a prayer. Pour out your spirit. Oh, pour out your spirit. Pour out your spirit on me. Oh, won't you pour out your spirit? Pour out your spirit. Oh, pour out your spirit on me. Oh, pour out your spirit. Oh, pour out. Oh, pour out your spirit on me. Oh Lord, I need you, Lord. I need your spirit. Oh, I need your spirit. I need your spirit in me. Oh, and I need your spirit. I need your spirit. I need your spirit in me. Oh Lord, won't you pour out your spirit? Pour out your spirit. Oh, pour out your spirit on me. Oh, pour out your spirit. Oh, pour out your spirit. Oh, pour out your spirit on me. Oh, won't you give the Lord a hand of praise tonight? Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Well, we certainly appreciate the Lord tonight. All that he has done for us. Amen. and truly our hearts are blessed. Let's just bow our heads as we want to pray and close out the service tonight and ask God's final blessings upon us. Almighty God, Lord, we are grateful tonight, Lord. What a message from your servant tonight. Lord, to his heart, Lord, how you spoke to us by the way, true worship by the mechanics and dynamics together, Lord. Father, you promised that there come a time when dynamics and mechanics will be come together, Lord. Father, word and spirit, Lord, Father, spirit and truth, Lord, and Yahw come it, Lord, when you you seek it such to worship you, Father. True worshippers, Lord, coming out from under that seventh seal, oh God, declaring your name, Lord, declaring you made manifest in this hour, Father. Lord, we are grateful, Lord, tonight, Lord. We are a privileged people, Father, to see these things unfolded, oh God. Father, to see these things revealed by your word, Lord, how ought we to live, Lord. Father, Lord, how ought we to act and speak and do, Lord, after all the things we've seen and heard, how can you help but live it, there God, give us your spirit tonight, Lord, it's your presence that makes a difference, Lord. Lord, it's not enough just good to know of the word, Lord. We need to know the author of it tonight. We want to get in contact with that spirit tonight, Lord. That's that dynamics is a person tonight. We want to know you tonight, Father. Lord, Lord, won't you draw us closer to you tonight, Lord, we thank you for your servant, Lord. We thank you for the word that was preached tonight. We pray that your anointing would continue to bless, Lord, our pastor tonight, Lord, and uh Lord, the message is poured out here tonight, Father. Lord, such a blessing to us tonight. Lord, we know that it's from you tonight, Lord. You are revealing, Lord. You are showing, Lord. You are helping us along the way, Father, for there's something coming up the road from the Lord. A great outpouring and we know it for a fact, Lord. All these seeds have been planted, Lord. Father, will raise up in his time and season and bring forth bring forth life. Lord, we thank you for him. May we pray you bless him tonight or pastor Lord may anoint him and inspire him and continue to inspire him Lord Father and inspire us Lord as we press towards a mark for the prize of the high calling in Christ Jesus grant it almighty God bless your people now as we leave this place anoint us with your presence Lord we want to we want to see that manifestation so bad Lord Lord that when you talk about when that prophet talk about we stand and sitting in that love spirit was dropped down. Make all the wrongs right, Lord. We looking for that day, Father, where dynamics will fill the room, Lord. Fill the house and put into March the word that we've spoken. Granted, almighty God, now we dismiss the service, Lord, in your presence and pray go with each one. Bless each one, Father, in a special way as we leave in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. You may have your seats. We're dismissed. Praise God. Just a reminder, Friday service we uh Friday prayer meeting. Um yeah, pray prayer meeting at 8 8:00 p.m. And also Sunday we'll just have the one service at 10. Oh yes, there'll be pray and fast. We'll be having prayer and fasting on that Friday. Okay. So uh so you enter in and and just fast during the day and ask God's uh you know favor upon you seeking in supplication prayer throughout the day and then in the evening time we come for prayer service on Friday evening at 8:00 p.m. Amen. And put together the big bonfire of prayer. Amen. And and lock in and really uh talk to the Lord and seek his face. This is the time to do it friends. Amen. We don't want to wait till too too late uh love or to get us desperate now as we see conditions unfolding among us. So God bless you. Also remember the meetings in a special way as we get closer to the the time. We want God to really move among us and do great things. Amen. So God bless you as the ushers come and dismiss you out. Amen. May you go with God's peace. It's the anointing [Music] that makes the once you know it. You'll never be the same. You can't live without it. once it's resting on you and it will teach you how to walk in Jesus name. God bless you. Let's leave anointing. [Music]
