Date: 1951-09-29
Title: Our Hope Is In God
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: St. Nicholas Arena
Location: New York
Duration: NY, 77 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 51-0929

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 Thank you, Brother Baxter, thank you much. Good evening friends. I'm happy to be out here again this evening to represent our Lord Jesus Christ and His great power to save and to heal to the uttermost. The brethren was just telling me that this microphone wasn't too good tonight. And can you hear me way back in the back? Way up high? Can, if you can raise your hand, so I can hear that, know that way back... That's fine; that's fine. I'm a little tired tonight, I was up until about two o'clock this morning, and the Lord... I got something that's on my mind, and He... I stayed right up and prayed until He sent His great power around and revealed it to me what it was. And it just turned today just the way He said it would be. And how thankful we are for that.

L-2 Now, I think tomorrow afternoon we was telling I was to speak here at the auditorium, so I--I hope and trust that you'll be praying for me. And I pray constantly for you all. We just got one more day, and then we must go many thousand miles away. But I trust that by God's grace, that we shall return safely, and be able to have someday, the type of meeting here in New York, that I would like to see: one that would just go on and on and on, until... People many times, when they're in the service, I'm never am around, and--and Satan takes advantage of that. Seeing it being three or four days, and it's sometimes more than that before the really, the blessing begins to take place in the individual. Then when--when Satan returns about that time, the unclean spirit that's gone out of the man, and then he tries to tempt the person again, and many times they'll give right in. And when they do, then it's over. See, if the meeting was going on, they could come back. And they could see what was taking place, and just stay till the meeting, really got settled out, you'd see tens of thousands healed, I--I believe, if we could just stay long enough.

L-3 Now, have faith. And I'll say this: that after I'm gone, well, you'll--you'll find out, there's many people that's healed in the audience already, that's, maybe they don't realize it at this time, but I--I know it is true. Now, I wish to read some of the Scripture, for my word is like any other man's; it will fail. But God's Word won't. I just noticed my good friend and brother, Brother Raymond T. Richey. I guess he's already been introduced and--and... But here I certainly have a warm Christian love for Brother Richey. He was at the auditorium the night that the Angel of the Lord's picture was taken. He was standing present at the time of the discussion when this minister came out, tried to call me a Divine healer. I told him I was no Divine healer; there's no man that's a Divine healer. No one can heal at all but God. And doctors, they don't heal; they just assist nature. They don't claim to heal, they can sew a place up, but they can't heal it. They might set a bone, but they can't heal it. And it takes God; He's the Healer. He said, "I'm the Lord that heals all your diseases." For all diseases has to be determined by God.

L-4 Now, we're thankful for doctors, and so forth, who can give us medical aid, and set bones, pull teeth, and--and--and so forth, but them's all--all right. That's... Doctors are God's servants to the people, and they help people. In the hospitals and institutions, we're very thankful to have them. And I have nothing against them; the only thing I do is pray that God will continue to help them. For anything that'll help bless, or do anything to help people, I'm for it. And I know God is with any movement that's trying to help people. That's what we're--we should do always, is try to do something to help somebody else. After all, that's the Christian attitude towards things.

L-5 This is a great heavy burden that no one knows nothing about. That's just God and I alone. But when I do get to go to bed, what a wonderful privilege I have to kneel down before God and say, "Father, I've done the best that I know how today. I've done all that I know how to make life just a little more pleasant for people." And I'm sure that His blessings returns and returns and makes life a little more pleasant for me. If you want to do something for God, do something for His people. You want something good said about you, say something good about someone else. Bless someone else, and as you're blessing someone else, you're blessing God. For Jesus said, "Insomuch as you have done unto the least of these, My little ones, you have done it unto Me." So, we know that that is the truth. So, may the Lord Jesus bless us tonight now, as we read His Word. 51-0929, Our Hope Is In God, St. Nicholas Arena, New York, NY, 77 min

L-6 And look, everyone now, we're here representing different denominations, Methodist, Baptist, Lutheran, Catholic all... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] types of church, but that doesn't mean that much to God, that church you belong to. It's the condition of your heart. That's what God looks at. It's not the denomination church; they're all all right...?... just working agreement like between men and so forth, and I come not representing any church. Oh, I represent the Church, the Church that every one of you represent. Them that are borned of Him are in the Kingdom of God, the Body of Christ. I've been in the Branham family for forty years; they never asked me to join their family. I was borned in the Branham family. And that's how you would come in the family of God. It's not by joining church; I have nothing against that; that's all right; and you should do that. But you're borned in the Church of God. That's your birth. And you become a child of God by being reborned again, regenerated, and become a new creature in Christ Jesus, then you are a son or daughter of God. Regardless of what denomination church you belong to.

L-7 Now, in the book of II Kings, the 6th chapter... I just love to read this Word, and I'm... Brother Baxter was making an apology for taking up much of the time. I said, "Do not do that, Brother Baxter." For I was just standing behind the curtain listening to his marvelous message. Brother Baxter is a very much of a speaker. And I am very happy to have him in our party, to make up one of us. And Brother Bosworth here is one of the greatest teachers on Divine healing that I ever heard in my life, is Brother Bosworth. He's old, and he's--he--he don't--he won't--he will resent that. I was standing down at the Biltmore Hotel in Miami one night; he was just as gallant and standing strong and straight. And I looked at him; I admired him. I knowed that the battles that he had fought down through life's time, and I'm just following the path that he car--carved out in the wilderness. And I said, "Brother Bosworth, you're seventy-three years old now, when were you your your best? Threw his shoulders back like Caleb of old, and said, "Right now," said, "I am right now." He said, "Brother Branham, you misunderstand me," he said, "I'm just a child in an old house." So that's the way he feels about it, and God has kept him that way, wonderful.

L-8 Oh, if I... If Jesus tarries, and I can stay that long, let me be like that. That's right. Brother Richey here, how I could speak of him, of how down through the age when I was a little boy in school, he was out there preaching the Gospel and praying for the sick, when I was just a boy. Your mothers and dads listened to him preach the Gospel on Divine healing, both of them out of Zion, Illinois. Candidates are out from under the--the great teacher late Doctor Dowie. How Doctor Dowie in his death prophesied that I would come to that city forty years from the time that he died. Not knowing nothing about it, he died on one day, and I was borned on the next. And forty years to the day I entered the city, not knowing nothing about it. Oh, how God's great move is coming together; I hear the sound of abundance of rain.

L-9 Now in the 6th chapter, and the 8th verse, listen closely. God never promised to bless my word, but He promised to bless His Word. And now, listen closely now, as we're duplicating the day. When this great man, Elisha who had a double portion of the Spirit of Elijah. There never was in the age, any two major prophets on the earth at one time. There were many minor prophets, but there were one major prophet. And Elijah was the prophet until Elisha came. Then when Elijah was taking off, a portion, double portion, of Elijah's Spirit, Elijah's Spirit came upon Elisha. See, always remember this, God takes His man off the earth, but never takes His Spirit. His Spirit comes right back down this a way. It come upon Elijah, went off of Elijah onto to Elisha, off of Elisha It come on John the Baptist, off of John the Baptist, and is predicted to come again in the last days, the same Spirit. See? It's God's Spirit.

L-10 The Holy Spirit was upon the Church at Pentecost, come right down through the age, and right on down through the age to the Lutheran, Baptist, Methodist, and on down through, on into this age here. It's still the same Holy Spirit. When people's faith get up into a place they'll get the blessings, to realize it's theirs, then the same operation of the Holy Spirit will be operating in the Church like It did back there, just the same. Now, listen to this closely: And the king of Syria warred against Israel, and took counsel with his servants, saying, In such and such a place shall be my camp. 51-0929, Our Hope Is In God, St. Nicholas Arena, New York, NY, 77 min And the man of God sent unto the king of Israel, saying, Beware that thou pass not this place; for thither the Syrians are come down. And the king of Israel sent to the place which the man of God told him and warned him of, and saved himself there, not once nor thrice. Therefore the heart of the king of Syria was sore troubled for this thing; and he called his servants, and said unto them, Will you not show me which of us is for the king of Israel? And one of his servants said, None, my lord, O king: but Elijah, the prophet that is in Israel, telleth the king of Israel the words that thou speakest in thy bedchamber.

L-11 Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we thank Thee tonight, to know that the great Spirit of God which was upon the prophet Elisha, is on earth today still moving on down through the sons of God. The great Holy Spirit that was given at Pentecost is here tonight. And Thy children, many are weary and worn, been pushed about, all for their own good, their teaching, their child training, to bring them up in the admiration of the Lord. Trials worth more than silver and gold, but as it is written, "No chastisement is pleasant for the time being." But finally when Thy Church becomes to have its training, then they will become adopted sons, or placed sons, into the inherit of God which shall inherit all things and be equal in the powers and blessings as a Son of God, brothers to Him.

L-12 We think that how He was borned in this world, the Son of God. But at the age of thirty, God placed Him. Upon the banks of Jordan that day, when He was standing in the water, dripping from His locks, God vindicated that as His Son and said, "This is My Beloved Son; in Whom I am well pleased." Adoption, placing, placing into His Kingdom for the work that He was to finish. And how we're thankful tonight that He finished the course. Then despised the shame, but bore it, and was nailed at Calvary as substitute for us, dying in capital punishment: Borned in a stable, went out in capital punishment. The King of glory come down and tabernacled among men, from the Ivory Palaces to be, take upon Himself, not the form of Angels, but as a servant of man. Clothed in humility, wandered about, no place to lay His head, slept wherever He could, scorned by the one's that He loved, and was made finally, a bleeding Sacrifice. But He pleased the Father insomuch He said, "This is My Beloved Son; hear ye Him."

L-13 Then suffered under Pontius Pilate, crucified, died, was buried, rose the third day, setting at the right-hand of God the Father, making intercessions now for we who've accepted the Holy Spirit, the third Person of the trinity. And in our hearts tonight He rules and reigns. And He has said, "Whatsoever things you desire, when you pray, believe you receive them, and you shall have them." We believe it. And now, Lord, the great dark hours is come at the end-time. Help us now tonight in this service, that God's great Spirit might come down visible among men, every person in here might know that He's standing near them. Oh, God, take the clay, the voice of mortal beings and speak, Lord, the oracles of God, that people might see, and fear God, and serve Him. And may all the sick and the afflicted here tonight, be healed everyone, may there not be a feeble one left. Grant, Lord, that this will be a night that will be a memorial night. Those who will remember this Saint Nicholas Arena will always remember tonight. Bless us now together, for we ask it in the Name of Thy beloved Child, Jesus. Amen.

L-14 How marvelous it is to look at the Scripture just a moment, because the time is up, about twelve, fifteen minutes. I wanted to finish telling you the vision that was last night, the little boy being raised from the dead in Finland. How many here had that wrote in their Bible before it come to pass, you heard me speak of it in the auditorium, raise your hand? I asked last night? About the little boy being raised from the dead in Finland. Let's see your hands go up, the ones... All over the building, everywhere, look at it. See, that was long before it took place. Always speaks that way, and it--you just write it down, that it's perfect. For it's not man that's speaking; it's God. This is God's voice to the people, every Word of God is a Seed and will produce just exactly like it's spoke in the Bible, if it be received in good ground. Now that's God's voice to His Church.

L-15 Now, to an individual sometimes He uses the human voice, which is secondarily. It has to compare with this of the written Word. Now in doing this, God has blessed us. And how that Elijah the prophet... And when the king of Syria 51-0929, Our Hope Is In God, St. Nicholas Arena, New York, NY, 77 min declared war on Israel and there was enmity between them, why, Elijah the prophet set in his home. And he seen what the enemy was going to do. So he went to the king of Israel and told the king of Israel where that the king of Syria would be laying in ambush to--to come out on them and ambush them when they came by. And the king of Israel sent down there and found it just the way that Elijah the prophet had told him. God help us as American people, to when we can get back to God again, that God was able to help the nation of Israel through the Divine realm that can help America tonight through the Divine realm out of all this. And that's our only hope that we have is in God. Our hope tonight is not in the atomic bomb, our hope tonight is in Jesus Christ. Christ is the answer.

L-16 Then in... the chaplain in Tokyo, out of Tokyo in Japan, rather, when the war was going on, chaplain friend was standing there, he raised up his hands and said, "God," in a consecration camp, said, "I guess I'll come home to meet You from this place." Said, "I'd like to visit my wife and babies once more, but nevertheless, Lord, if You want me to go home from here, I'm ready to go." Watched the little sentry walking his post, he walked close to him, seemed like the sentry wanting to speak. He looked right and left to see what... He said, "You Christian?" Chaplain said, "Yes." Said, "Me Christian too." There's the answer. Not the Big Four, not the U.N., but the Christ given way. Up in Finland you'd see the Russians and the Finns put their arms around each other, and hug one another, and kiss one another with tears rolling down their cheeks. Brothers, they had nothing against each other. The god of this age is got in the hearts of leaders. All the kingdoms of the world belongs to Satan at this time. You don't want to believe that, but it's the Scripture.

L-17 Satan took Jesus up and showed Him all the kingdoms of the world, said, "These are mine, I can do with them whatever I want to." Jesus knew that, but He knew He'd fall heir to them. Said, "If You'll bow down and worship me, I'll give them to You." Jesus said, "It's written, 'Thou shall worship the Lord Thy God, and Him only shalt thou serve.'" Over in Revelations it's written, "Rejoice you heavens, and ye holy prophets, for the kingdoms of this world has become the kingdoms of our Lord, and His Christ; and He will rule and reign forever." There'll be no more war then. Leaders, selfishness everywhere. But in the midst of all of this, the Church of God is being pulled out by the Holy Spirit.

L-18 Elijah seen where that king was going to do that, so he sent the king of Israel and said, "Now, don't go down that way." Said, "Because they're laying down a waiting." And watch that same prophet, after getting down to Dothan, did not see the... The Angel of the Lord never showed him about Syrians coming out and covering the city over, for God had another way for that. God don't show His servants all things, but He shows His servants just the Word of knowledge as much as they have need to know. So you see it lays in God's power, not in the power of man. Though man be blessed, but yet God is the Father and Ruler over all. Balaam of old said, "No prophet can say only what God puts in his mouth. How can he speak unless God speaks." And that was true.

L-19 Now, we read of the prophets of old, we read of the powers of God and how it operated the church. And tonight, friend here that's lukewarm and not up to where you should be in Christ, the great glorious powers of God is ruling and reigning in His Church again. Don't you be one that's behind. Do not try to be popular with the world and right with God, because you can't be. You must be right with God, and then you're not popular with the world. In this day that we're living, seek God with all your heart. Call upon Him while it's time to call, while you have a chance of repentance, and while the mercy of God is reached down to you. For the hour is coming when it'll do no good to call. It'll be too late then. Call now. If you would've lived in the days gone by when they crucified Jesus, you'd say today, "I would've stood for Him; I'd have give my life for Him." You have a more of a opportunity to do that now then you would've in them days. Stand now, the opposition is greater today than it was then. 51-0929, Our Hope Is In God, St. Nicholas Arena, New York, NY, 77 min

L-20 Last evening I was speaking at the little Glad Tidings Tabernacle where we had our service, because the hall was used last evening here. I was telling of how the Lord had raised a little boy from the dead in Finland, which was seen two years in a vision before it come to pass. Now, what was it did that? Not your brother, but the Spirit of God. The same Spirit was upon Elijah, upon the--the men gone by; it's the same Spirit in the world today, moving. It sees, foretells; you notice it. I pray that It'll be in the meeting tonight to do the same thing. It was upon our Master, Jesus Christ. When a man came to Him and was going to doubt him, Jesus said, when He seen Nathanael coming, He said, "Oh, behold, an Israelite, in whom there is no guile," in other words, a Christian, a believer. He said, "When did You know me?" He said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree, I saw you."

L-21 Now, Philip didn't try to refer it to mind reading or--or mental telepathy, he just said, "Thou art the Son of God; the King of Israel." Today his name's immortal among men for his decision. Your name shall become immortal when you make your decision for Jesus Christ as the Son of God, the King of Israel. Then when He told the woman at the well about her sin. He talked to her a little while and said, "Go get your husband." That was it; that was her, what was hindering her. He was questioned one time why He, about healing, when He seen one man that had some kind of a disease and left a great multitude: Saint John 5. They questioned Him. He said "Verily, I say unto you, The Son can nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing: that doeth the Son likewise." Saint John 5:19. "For the Father loveth the Son, and He sheweth Him all things that Himself do: and He will show greater things than this, that ye may marvel," the 20th verse.

L-22 Now, the Scripture says that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever. He did not claim to be a healer, He said, "It's not Me that doeth the works; it's My Father that dwelleth in Me; He doeth the works." He did not claim to be a great person, but what He did claim to be, He was; and God vindicated it, that He was what He claimed to be. And God will a vindicate every man that'll speak the truth. God will prove it to be so. Man can say anything, that doesn't make it so. But when God speaks, that makes it so. And He said He did just as the Father showed Him. And the Scripture says, "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever," three--Hebrews 13:8. Then Jesus Christ, if He's the same today as He was yesterday, He still does the same works today that He did yesterday. If He doesn't, He isn't Jesus Christ. And His claims are not so.

L-23 And how does He do these works? In a visible body? No. For it's written, "A little while and the world seeth Me no more; yet you'll see Me: for I will be with you, even in you, to the end of the world. The things that I do shall you also; and greater than this shall you do (or more), for I go to My Father." And nightly He does more in the meeting, in one single meeting He does more of telling the people what to do and so forth, in one single meeting, and it's written of Him telling the people in the New Testament (Think of that.) of three years of ministry. 'Course there's many things He did do; it's not recorded according to Luke, but the things that's written... He told a man one time where there was a fish had a coin in his mouth. He told them where some mules was hitched, two places where they come together. He knew where a man would be packing a pitcher, make ready an upper room. Just about six, seven, things is all He... Is recorded of Him saying. But He knew their thoughts; He read their mind.

L-24 Did you know Jesus read people's mind? He perceived their thoughts. Is that right? Then He knew what they were thinking about. He knows tonight what you're thinking about. And He's here now, and knows what you're thinking about, and can reveal through His channels what you're thinking about. 'Course we know the devil has patterns and types of everything that God has. Everything that Satan has is secondarily that he patterned off of God. Every bogus thing has a--has something original to be made off of. If there was no real dollar, the bogus dollar would be the original and the first. And as long as there is a bogus, only proves that there is a real one somewhere. Amen. A real one, so when you see something the devil is doing, remember, God's got something that's far beyond that, that he's trying to impersonate here. But Jesus said, "By their fruits you shall know them."

L-25 All right, now His Spirit is here. He's the same yesterday, today and forever. He's moving in His Church. Church, 51-0929, Our Hope Is In God, St. Nicholas Arena, New York, NY, 77 min you know what's the matter with it? Here's what it is. You're not yielding to the Holy Spirit. You receive the Holy Spirit and think, "Well, that's as much as I go." Well, you're just ready to go to work for God then. When you're in--receive the Holy Spirit by believing on Jesus Christ and receiving the Holy Spirit, then you're just a candidate to go to work for God. Then go to yielding your members to Him, see what He will have you to do. He might have you to preach, sing, testify, pass out tracts, talk to people, bring someone to church. All kinds of gifts and helps that's in the body of Christ... Some are called for one thing, some another. But no matter what you got, how little it is... You say, "Well, Brother Branham, only thing I can do; I might talk to some people." Well, that might not be very much to you, but put it in the hands of Jesus, and see what He will do with it. Like the little fishes that was in the little boys hand, it could only feed him. But when he put it in Jesus' hand, it fed five thousand. So it will be with you. Put what you have in His hand.

L-26 In Finland that night, when the little boy had been raised from the dead, as I told you last night, the little girl. The other little boy was struck and hit over on the other side, his head, had a concussion. They called us from the hospital; the little boy was dying. That poor little Finnish mother; I never felt so sorry for her. There was thousands and thousands; you couldn't get near the auditorium. For two or three city blocks they were just blocked in solid everywhere, in Kuopio, Finland, that's near the Laplands. And oh, what a marvelous, glorious time we were having in Christ. And when I went in one night, they had to drag me across the little mother. And the next day Mrs. Isaacson said, "Brother Branham, that poor little father and mother," second day, said, "they're setting out here," and said, "it's--it's pathetic to--to see them." Said, "They're crying; they want you to go down there." I said, "Sister Isaacson, I could do nothing, God would have to show me first." I said, "I'm praying for the child." Said, "Will you just come out and speak to them?" So they brought them in the hall. Poor little mother, she run up and said, "Oh, go, heal my baby." 'course, through the interpreter; she did not speak English. And I said, "Sister, I couldn't heal your baby." Said, "Well, they raised the other little baby after he'd been dead." Said, "You could heal my little baby; he's dying." I said, "No, ma'am, when I was over my homeland in America, two years ago God showed the vision and told just where the little boy be laying, and how it would look, how the little fellow would be." Many of you read it in the "Voice of Healing," didn't you? I told you it would be in the "Voice of Healing," and it--it--it is.

L-27 And then, the poor little thing, I felt so sorry for her. And she said... I said, "That was a vision." And she said, "Well, go see vision for my little boy." Well, that was mighty sweet, but you can't see visions when you want to, not at your leisure; it's God's Divine order, not what I will, but what He will. Now... then... Here's what taken place. I said, "Are you Christian?" "No." I said, "Look, your little boy may be dying, as the doctor says. And he will go up to heaven because he's a baby," about six, seven years old. I said, "He doesn't know what sin is yet." I said, "He will go up to heaven. And if you die in your sins, you can never be with him no more. And if you get saved, and the little boy dies and goes up to heaven, then if you, when you die, you'll go up to heaven; you'll be with him always, where there's no accidents." And I said, "And perhaps then if you wanted a favor from me, you'd do something for me, something kind. If you want a favor with God, then do something kind." And so she... Seemed they couldn't lose on that, so they knelt down and begin to cry, and pray, and gave their hearts to Christ. They raised up; then the poor little thing said, "Now, go in see vision for my little boy." I said, "I'll go pray." She said, "Come, go at the hospital." I said, "No, He can show me in my room just the same as He can show me there." I said, "He may not show me at all." So Mrs. Isaacson finally got them to leave. And every few minutes they'd call back up, say, "Brother Branham seen vision yet?" And they were interested in their little boy, 'cause the doctor said it had not come to and this was the third day. 51-0929, Our Hope Is In God, St. Nicholas Arena, New York, NY, 77 min

L-28 We just come from the auditorium that night, and oh, I was standing at the window, had this same Bible over my heart; I went up to the window; it doesn't get dark there at that time of year. There come the Finnish soldiers, and the--and the civilians walking through, just a talking to one another, you know, probably of the meeting, because they was all turned from the auditorium. The whole country in there was just working alive with people. And I put my Bible down on a table. And coming up my brother Howard, many of you remember he was with us last time here. Now if there's any Canadian people here, I don't mean to say this to any slam to your country. See? When we was in Canada we got a hold of some candy, and oh, my, they just haven't got the stuff to put in it that the American people have. Now, that's... And it was kind of flat tasting. He said, "You talk about Canada's candy being flat, taste this." And he give me two little pieces of candy, and I just laid it down on the table and walked over there. I raised up my hands like that, and I said, "Oh, great Jehovah, how marvelous You are, wonderful." He just healed that little war orphan that night, you know, who had been a crippled, and her one leg was about six inches shorter than the other one, as I told you last night. You seen her picture in the "Voice of Healing," and how she couldn't move with them, a little war orphan. And I was thanking God for her healing.

L-29 And standing there, I felt something strange; and I looked, standing here by my side, and there He stood. He had a vase in His hand. I would call it a vase; I don't know too much; it's kind of a long tall affair. And in there was two American, what I call Easter flowers, daffodils, yellow looking. I... We call them Easter flowers in Indiana and Kentucky; I... May have a different name here, but they're kind of a yellow looking flower comes up around Easter. And they were setting in this little container that He had, little thing. And He set it down here on the table. And one of these little Easter flowers that was leaning to the north, was laying all the way down, and the other one was wilting, going down.

L-30 And He looked at me, He's tall, big Man, about two hundred pounds, got dark hair to His shoulders, kind of a olive complexion, always carries His arms folded, comes from the right, always coming to me. He's come since I was a little bitty baby. I was just a few minutes old when He made His first appearance in a little log cabin in Kentucky. And He was standing there; He'd set those--this little thing down, was looking at me. And I looked at that, and He said, "What did your brother give you?" And I said, "Sir, two pieces of candy." He said, "Eat them." And I picked up one of the pieces of candy, started to eating, taste pretty good, and I swallowed it. And when I did, the Easter flower that was leaning to the north, just exactly, geographically, positionally, the way the first boy fell to the north when the car had hit him, and the other one went to the south, caught him under the chin and hit him against the tree. And the other boy, it run right over him, just mashed him under the car, the one that died. And the one that was living, back in school then, and this little boy was still in the hospital, we hadn't got to him yet.

L-31 And so, that one laying down that way, when I eat that first piece it went, whew, raised right straight up. He said, "Eat the second piece." And I picked up the piece, and oh, what a terrible taste. I spit it out like that, and that flower begin to go "tuff, tuff, tuff [Brother Branham illustrates.--Ed.]" going right down. Said, "Fail, and the boy will die." I put it back in my mouth and chewed real fast and swallowed it. And when I did it went, "tuff [Brother Branham illustrates.--Ed.]," stood right up with the other one. And He looked at me, that ring of Light that you see in the picture, came down over where He was; He went up into the Light and went out.

L-32 Brother Baxter and my brother Howard had went to their room. Brother Lindsay and Brother Moore had went to their room, and Sister Isaacson to her room, and I'd went to my room. And I run out and called, and I said, "Remember, it's THUS SAITH THE LORD, that baby's going to live, that baby's that's dying in the hospital." I said, "Call her and tell her." So then, phones that they have there, it's a little bit of affair that you kinda put in your ear, and turn a little crank. And she called the home, Mrs. Isaacson did; and the people had been called to the hospital, the baby was sinking and dying. 51-0929, Our Hope Is In God, St. Nicholas Arena, New York, NY, 77 min They had a babysitter with their other baby. They went to see the last of the baby. And while they--while they rang the hospital, and the doctor came and brought the lady to the telephone, and said, "That the Angel of the Lord had just appeared in the room and saying, 'Your baby's going to live.'" And said, "How well I know it. He's setting up in there now to hisself in his right condition, ready to be washed and go home." The baby today lives in Finland, perfectly, normally and well, because Jesus Christ the Son of God had respect to the prayer of a mother. See? Not me, it was the mother's prayer, her promise to God that she'd serve Him, and the father.

L-33 Just a moment, I'm going to start the prayer line. Last evening when we got home we had a very sad message. My wife setting here in front of me with the baby. We've got a little fellow home about six months old, and you don't know what a hard thing it is to leave that little fellow. She had a little old knotty head; she laid it over on me this way the other day, and I just felt like that my whole inner most being of my heart would pull from me. I love her with all my heart. We got a letter last night from some, from the secretary, said, "The baby's sick." Of course, the mother, you know how she felt; she just went into a frantic almost. And--and the baby's staying with the grandmother which lives quite a distance from a phone. I said, "Well, it's near midnight; don't call tonight, call in the morning."

L-34 We laid there just a few moments; I couldn't go to sleep. I heard my wife, her breath become, coming slowly then, normally. So I slipped up, went in the other room and knelt down; I begin to pray. Along about three o'clock this morning, I looked in the room, and I seen someone coming to me packing my baby. It was choking, its little face was red; his little eyes were set. He was choking; he couldn't catch its breath, and everybody was excited. They handed it over to me, and I placed it in my arms and I said, "Oh, God, don't let my baby die; spare its life, will You, Lord?" About that time I heard it catch its breath, looked over at me, and was all right then. I handed it back, and the Angel of the Lord spoke in the room, said, "In the morning you'll receive the news that the baby has been sick; it's all right now." I waited just a little bit, went off to sleep. Woke up this morning about nine o'clock; the wife came in the room and she said, "I'm going to call the--I'm going to call now and see about the baby." I said, "Honey, you won't have to call, but here's going to be the message you're going to receive when this lady goes over to find out about it, the lady's going to say, 'The baby has been awfully sick, but it's all right now; God healed it last night.'"

L-35 And so she called up; my little boy, Billy Paul, and all of them gathered around the phone, I said, "Watch these words, word by word." So she called and got the lady, and said, "Go over cross the field and ask the grandmother about the baby." She said, "The baby's been awfully sick, but it's all right this morning." Just word by word. Oh, friends, it would take hours to reveal; I couldn't do it; it's unlimited, the things that He does. What is it? It shows that "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever." The One that was back there with Elijah, the One was upon the Son of God, Jesus Christ, the One that's in the church tonight, the Holy Spirit knows the secret of every heart, and knows just what will be. Do you believe that? Let's bow our heads.

L-36 Heavenly Father, bless tonight in a marvelous way. Thou knowest all things, Lord, knows that I am not speaking of myself, but I'm speaking of Thy Spirit which is here now. Oh, may the Angel of God come with such anointing tonight, and these people that's here to be prayed for, Lord, many of them, hundreds of them, and may they with one accord see the glory of God. And if it be possible, if it's Thy Divine will tonight, Father, may He appear right here on the platform visible, that every eye in here might witness to see His great form. Oh, I know that He stands near now. God, help the unbelievers tonight to know that Thou art near, and Thy servant has spoke the truth. Lord, if I speak the truth, then You'll speak of it Yourself, for Thou art the Truth. You are the Truth, the Way, the Light. And I've spoke of You, Father, and therefore I know it is the truth. And not a worry but what You will a vindicate it to be the truth tonight, before these Thy people. And may this be a great glorious meeting, and may tomorrow afternoon, Lord, may literally hundreds of souls find You. Tomorrow night give us the closing climax, Lord, what we've prayed for through the entire meeting. Bless us now together, for we ask it in the Name of Thy Son, Jesus. Amen. 51-0929, Our Hope Is In God, St. Nicholas Arena, New York, NY, 77 min

L-37 Awfully late, this is Saturday; surely, you'll be able to rest a little tomorrow. Everyone just as reverent as you can be now. Don't disturb. I'm so happy to see these brethren here, just a whole line of these recorders, and what a work they're doing for the Lord. These recordings are being sent around the nation, and they're going into homes, and into halls, and so forth. They even got it in a movie picture the other day to introduce these things. And hundreds of people are being saved and healed right through these recordings. Aren't you happy that man's got the message on their heart. Maybe they're not preachers, but they're trying to get the message to the people. Doctors they tell me, and man of--of great standing in the world are out trying to win souls for Christ. God can use these things in a secondarily way like this, may the Lord Jesus bless every one that hears the message. May they be saved and healed.

L-38 Now, please dear friends, in the Name of the Lord, be just as reverent and set quiet as you can for the next few moments, if you will. I will try to be as hastily as I can. And then, I want to ask you one thing just before we get the prayer line lined up, want to ask you something. Now look, every person in here as far as I know, but my wife and Mr. and Mrs. Roberson, Mr. and Mrs. Upshaw, and Miss Brown, that's the only people that I know in this entire building that I can see or know anywhere, unless it's Brother Bosworth back here, and Brother Richey, and our brother here, Brother Baxter, my son. Now, you're sick and troubled. And could you imagine? How would you want to take my place, standing here now and know that here some, between five and six thousand people perhaps, setting here and every eye on you, and in there you can feel the cold waves of skeptic and everything moving in now. Satan, restless, demon powers are moving in. You ought to know how you feel. Just cold wave after wave; then here comes faith moving in, here comes a cold wave moving in. Waves, channels, just like this radio or whatever, television. Television is waves, it materializes as the waves are brought in on a certain kind of a crystal, or whatever it is.

L-39 And so does the power of Almighty God materialize. Vision materialize in front of you just like radio, and just like television. If God has called you to do so... You believe that? It does. It's proved. I'm going to ask you to be just as quiet as you can, and don't stir around, 'cause you're certainly an interference. And all the Christians, silently in your heart, pray for me, will you. And then, I am here representing the God that you love. And some glorious day, you and I, every person in here, will stand before God to give an account for our lives and what we've done with Jesus Christ. I want to stand that day and say, "With all my heart, dear God, when I was in New York, I tried to represent You in every way that I could. And I'm thankful that You come down and proved that what I was talking about was the truth." Then it'll be up to you what you do with it. I'll be free then, as Paul of old said, "I'm free of all men's blood." And I'll be free when that time comes, if I testify the truth, and God proves that it's the truth.

L-40 And when someone's here on the platform being healed, let every person out there suffering, let them believe right at that time. Believe for yourself, and God will heal you. Accept it and believe it. All right. Where's Billy?...?... where's...?... All right, let's just start from 50 then, from J-50. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Do you love Him? All your heart? Now, kinda get just as quiet as we can before Him, so He can be where we're standing. Have you got the full fifteen, Billy? Got about twenty in there. All right, every one just as reverent as you can be now. All right, bring your patient. Everyone just as quiet and reverent as you can be now.

L-41 How many up this way believes now? How many up this way believes? And down in this way? On both sides? Oh, isn't that wonderful, Brother Baxter? Brother Lindsay, look a there, or Brother Bosworth, Brother Richey. We're something has to happen, friends, something just has... God knows this, that the Angel of the Lord Who met me, said, "If you get the people to believe you and be sincere when you pray, there'll be nothing stand before your prayer." [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] There'll be nothing. Just think of that. No matter what disease you have; it won't stand before prayer if you will believe. Now, what must you believe? Believe in God first. Believe in the Son of God, Jesus Christ. Believe in the Holy Spirit. Believe in Angels. And then you've got to believe me, that I'm telling you the truth. Do you believe that? Now, that's wonderful. I'm doing that for a purpose, friend. See, the enemy stands here to fight at me (You see?), saying, "Oh, that bunch of New York people, they don't believe." But the Holy Spirit's here saying, "They're wrong; it's wrong, they do believe." 51-0929, Our Hope Is In God, St. Nicholas Arena, New York, NY, 77 min And that gives me the initiative side to walk out. You see? All right.

L-42 Here's a lady standing here, you're the patient, aren't you, lady? All right. Now, this lady wants to get well. I don't know one thing about the lady, I've nev... God knows, I've never seen her in my life, knowingly. She's a total stranger to me; I know nothing of her. There's anything in the world that I know, God will have to reveal it to me. Now, I don't know; I couldn't do one thing about her healing, because she's already been healed. Nineteen hundred years ago Jesus Christ put in Calvary what she needs to be healed by. Now, the only thing she has to do is accept it. And according to her faith, it'll be to her. If she believes spontaneously right now, great faith over her head, she'll go right on and be healed here. If she believes that much it'll take her two, few weeks to get well. If she's down to a mustard seed, if she'll just have that kind of faith, hold on to it, it'll bring you right out to the light; just stay with it. Believe it, testify of it, confess it, and God will bring it to pass.

L-43 Now, everyone reverent. And everyone out here now, without prayer cards, raise your hand, and wants to be prayed for. Everybody without prayer cards, hasn't got prayer cards, raise your hand. All right, that's the way. Now, be reverent. Now, you look this a way, anywhere in the building, and believe that that is the truth, and if you're sick, accept Jesus as your healer, and say, "Lord God, to confirm my faith, to confirm my faith, let Brother Branham call me back. Let Brother Branham call me out here and tell me that I've been healed." Will you do that? And if you'll just not--just not, just kinda haphazardly go into it, but really with all your heart believe it, God will pull my attention from this platform and show me what's taking place out there, and will call you, what you are, who you are, what your name is, and all about it. You believe that? All right, now, be in prayer now, everybody reverent.

L-44 Father, help us now. Here stands a woman, standing here by my side. I know her not. You know her, Lord. You know what she is, You fed her ever since she's been on earth, every breath that she's drawed is been by Your Divine grace. Every bit of food she's ever eat is by Your Divine grace. And I pray Thee, Lord, that if she's standing here sick and afflicted, that You will let the Spirit that was upon Your Son, Christ Jesus, come down upon this poor unworthy vessel. Unworthy is right, Lord, but if You were looking for holy hands tonight, where would You find them? We've all sinned and come short of the glory. But oh, how we're encouraged to read in the Scripture, that Elijah was a man subject to like passions as we are. It wasn't his--his morals, it was what You'd called him to be, and what he done with the gift that You give him. Now help, dear God, that Your power that would reveal to the woman her sins at the well, tell Philip of where he was at, their needs and causes. May He come tonight. As I've testified of You, now Father, testify that I've told the truth. And these people will believe You and be healed. For we ask it in Jesus' Name. Amen.

L-45 Brother Baxter, I don't want you too far away now for a moment. Now, can you hear all right, back at the back? When sometime the anointing gets real heavy, I--they say I don't speak loud enough. You'll watch that, will you, brethren, somewhere? Now, lady, you and I be strangers; I do not know you. I'm wholly, fully, depending on Jesus Christ. And here you are, and here's several thousand people setting here tonight, and they are looking. Many of them has raised their hands as Christians. And they believe, and believe that I've told the truth. Now, see what a position that puts me in. And here you come up out of the audience there, perfect stranger, received a prayer card with a number on it, and here you come up. Happened to be your number was called. And you're the first one for the night. My, how wonderful.

L-46 Now, if I'm able to know anything... I see you're breathing awful fast. I want you just to be, not excited, just be reverent. See? Have faith in God. Are you aware of something strange? Now, that's the Angel of the Lord. Audience, I wished you could just everyone be close enough now to feel what this is moving down; It's settling; It's coming right in from my right-hand side now, the Angel of God Who I'll have to stand before that day at the judgment, moving upon me. The lady's becoming very conscious of it now. I see a vision moving out; she's moving away from me now. Oh, what a Light. Look to me, sister. You're trying to believe, aren't you? Suffering with asthma for one thing. You've had that for some time too. Say, I see you under an operation or something; that's been some time also. See a dark complected doctor, seems to be saying, there's someone 51-0929, Our Hope Is In God, St. Nicholas Arena, New York, NY, 77 min waiting for you in a hall with a gray suit on. I see a man coming near you, yes, you got a, you're suffering now also from an examination rec... a tumor. Isn't that right? That tumor's located on your breast, isn't it, left breast, on the left side? I see the side of the table you're laying on from where they're looking. Don't be fearful; it leaves me now, just a moment. You're wanting to serve God in a different category than what you serve Him in too. You promised God if you could get well, that you would go on and seek deeper things of God, haven't you? You were praying near a side of a bed where a chair was laying, setting. Is that right? And little green looking thing hanging there on the side of the wall. Isn't that right? In the room. Do you believe me as His prophet? Will accept what I tell you? Will you accept Jesus as your Healer now? Raise up your hand, say, "I now accept Jesus Christ as my Healer." Go in peace, Jesus Christ will make thee whole. You go on your road rejoicing now, and get over your sickness. Go this a way, just rejoicing.

L-47 Let us say, "Praise be to God." Now, everyone reverent. I want everyone to be aware that the things that I speak is not myself; that's not my voice; it's my voice, but not me using it. I go into another place and see what's materializing in front of me. The people move away. I at this time cannot tell you what was wrong with the person I just prayed for. I just seen a vision, and I just have to speak it as it comes to me. And then the person witnesses after it leaves me that it's right or wrong. All right, bring the patient. And everybody real reverent. How do you do, sir? Perceive, of course, by your dress that you're a minister. Would you come just a little closer, sir? Our Christ is wonderful, isn't he, brother? I see you're quite a believer. Yes, sir, I do. Say, you have a ministry of praying for the sick yourself. You pray for the sick, don't you? You write much literature and stuff on the same, don't you? You come from Canada, don't you? That's right. You're suffering with something wrong in your bowels. I say it's... It's cancer of the bowels, is what it is. It's got ulcerated, begin to start causing you much trouble. Isn't that true? My brother, let me have your hand.

L-48 Merciful God, I hold now in mine the hand that pens the words that brings relief and for this suffering. Satan is trying to destroy this warrior. But Thou art here to heal him. Almighty God, Author of Life and Giver of every good gift, send Thy blessings upon my brother, as I speak in Thy Name. And God if Thy servant has found favor in Your sight, spare the life of my brother. And may from this night on, that clear up from him and may he be a warrior on the fields up there that'll cause literally thousands to find great help. Grant it, Lord. And I now curse this demon called cancer in the Name of Jesus Christ, may it come out of him, and may the man live. God bless you, my brother. Your gallant faith has saved you; you're going home. And your ministry's going to increase, and you're going to do more for the Lord than you've ever done. God bless you, my brother. Let us say, "Praise be to God."

L-49 Do you know that man, Brother Baxter? Well, let's say, "Praise the Lord." [Brother Baxter speaks: "I'd just like to say one thing about this man; he corresponded with me about coming to New York. I said, 'Come.' I said, 'There was nothing I could promise.' When Brother Branham said that the man had written literature, I was about ready to jump, because his last letter to me, he sent me some of his literature on Divine healing. Everything Brother Branham said about the man is true, and Brother Branham didn't know it."--Ed.] I only can say what God has showed me to and tells me to say. But only I can see him materializing in front of me, that I can do. Nothing else I cannot do. But the man is not going to die with the cancer; he's going to live. All right, bring the patient.

L-50 How do you do, sister? Would you just come a little closer? I just want you near so that I know when It starts speaking, that'll--your voice will be caught in the microphone. You see? I perceive that you are a Christian. Yes. You've been very much worried lately. You are... Something has been bothering you. I see when you're standing in the room, you're worried. Say, it's in your... It's a tumor, isn't it? It's a tumor that's bothering you. And that tumor, I see you showing it; it's--it's in your mouth, isn't it? It's a tumor in your mouth; that is right. There's something happened then, didn't it? The life of the tumor left, sister. You go home to be well. In the Name of the Lord Jesus, make... Let us say, "Praise be to God," Who giveth us the victory through Jesus Christ our Lord. All right, will the lady come, please. 51-0929, Our Hope Is In God, St. Nicholas Arena, New York, NY, 77 min

L-51 Oh, what a marvelous time. You just should feel now. Faith is just moving everywhere now, just moving in. How wonderful. Oh, if I only could get this one thing to the people just now. What would take place, it would be unknown to the glory that would be. Now, let's see, you're... Excuse me, sister, it kinda gets a little beside myself. Come just a little closer. I--I--I don't believe humanly speaking, that I ever seen you. We strangers? Yes, ma'am. Now, I'm just merely trying to he--help you. You are a Christian with the Holy Spirit now. What a joy that was, when you received It. I see you crying and waving your hand. Now, you're trouble now is suffering; you're awfully nervous; that's been on you for some time. That's caused by your age, your time of life, menopause. Then I see you have a female disorder that's bothering you, isn't it? Yes, ma'am. Upset at the stomach a lot. Isn't that true? Is that true, what was said? You believe me as His prophet? Raise up your hand, say, "Jesus Christ, I now believe that You died for my healing. I accept my healing now." God bless you, sister, go eat anything you want to, that drainage will stop. It was an abscess on the ovary, but you're going to be all right now, go. God bless you.

L-52 Let's say, "Praise be to God." Everyone reverent if you will, please, just reverent, just a few moments. Don't move around, it interrupts me so bad here. If you just knowed how the pressure of move and how the friction between the people. See, you're in a line of--of supernatural. And just the least move you can feel Him; it's interfering, and that throws me out up here. Please, be reverent. No wonder Jesus took a man... You say, "Brother Branham, what about that?" Why, Jesus took a man by the hand and led him outside the city to get away from the crowd. Isn't that right? It was written, "Look upon us," said Peter and John. All right, come, sir. Be real reverent please, just a moment. I know it's late, but think of the suffering. You'd wait at Mayo's Clinic day in and out. I was at the Mayo's Clinic two years ago. And the marvelous thing, what thrills my heart, at the Mayo Clinic two weeks ago, wrote for my little book that you're getting back there on the stand, on Divine healing to go in their--in their lab--in their library for their students. Mayo's Clinic wrote for my book on Divine healing, and they want to know how these miracles taken place. They can't deny but what it's going on, but they want to study how it's done. Praise God. Here's a book that reveals it all. God's secret.

L-53 All right, brother, you believe with all your heart? Your diabetes is gone from you, so you can go off the platform and be happy. All right, let's say, "Praise be to God." All right, bring the lady. Sister, have faith. You was suffering with the same thing, wasn't you? You go off the platform, get well too in the Name of the Lord. Amen. You believe with all your heart? Every one be reverent. What about way back there now, go to believing; I believe the Lord is going to break through upon this audience in a few moments. Have faith in God. Don't doubt; believe.

L-54 What do you think about it, setting there? Well, lady in that wheelchair, what do you think about it? Follow the instructions of the nurse. She knows of God. All right. What do you think, sir, laying on the wheelchair? Are you believing with all your heart? Have faith now. God can make... He's already done it, if your faith will just mount up. Have faith; don't doubt. All of you in the line, you going to believe now? All right, bring the lady on. Standing in our midst just now, I look down and see Congressman Upshaw who had been an invalid for sixty-six years. Run for president of the United States, known all over the nation, everywhere, in England. The man had been to a place... And the same thing is taking place right here, is the same thing when he was wheeled into California in one of the meetings. I seen the man being hurt and all he went through with. And there, setting there, been an invalid for sixty-six years; I said, "I see a young boy; he's hurt on by a hay frame near a haystack." Told the kind of a doctor and so forth, and all that he had done. And so when Brother Baxter come told me, said, "That..."

L-55 I seen where he was setting, and the man there said, "Why, that man's a congressman. He's been like that for years." And I started to leave. When I started to leave, I seen Mr. Upshaw without crutches, or wheelchair, or anything, going, walking just as nimble as he could be. And there that man, after being crippled for sixty-six years, I said, 51-0929, Our Hope Is In God, St. Nicholas Arena, New York, NY, 77 min "THUS SAITH THE LORD." Here he is tonight, eighty-five years old, as nimble as any man thirty in the building. Look like if he'd have got healed, he'd got healed back there when his bones was, had good calcium and stuff. But God in His power showed that He could do all things. He's a God that was... Here He is now waving His hands to you. Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound.

L-56 All right, lady, your heart trouble left you while you were standing there. Go on the road rejoicing and be happy. Come, lady, believe with all your heart? Wouldn't you like to lose that old tumor? You'd go off the platform being happy. It's gone from you. Let's say, "Praise be to God." Someone out there pray now, accept Jesus. Accept Him as your Healer now. In your heart say, "I believe." Way back in the back, up in there. Please everyone, be reverent; be reverent if you will. Don't doubt; believe. Come, lady, have faith. How do you do, sister? Just want to talk to you a moment. Yes, ma'am. You--you think you got everything wrong with you, heart trouble. That heart trouble's caused from indigestion; you have it worse when you lay down after eating, don't you? Your whole trouble's nervousness, isn't that right? You--it's a mental nervousness too; I see you--you holding your head like this and walking; you think sometimes you've lost your mind. Isn't that right? But Jesus Christ heals you now. Go on your road rejoicing. God bless you, you... Let's say, "Praise be to God."

L-57 All right, come, sir. Do you believe with all your heart? Then you won't have heart trouble no more; you can go off the platform and be well. God bless you, my brother. Let's say, "Praise be to God." I see a man setting there pulling his knees and praying and crying; he's got something stuffed in his ear. You believe, sir? 'Course I see you got something wrong with your ear. God's able to heal that ear, isn't He? You believe it? Stand up just a minute. Oh, it's not so much ear trouble; it's stomach trouble you're bothered with. Isn't that right? If that's right, raise your hand. That's right. Go home and eat what you want to; Jesus Christ makes you well. Amen. Now you all can be happy. All right, come, sister. I see between you and I drips a blood, it looks real clear. Look like it's got sugar or water in it. You're anemia, aren't you? Go off the platform and receive a transfusion from Calvary by Jesus Christ, the Son of God. God bless you. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." All right, bring your patient.

L-58 Will you believe sister, with all your heart as you come? I see you're really sick, feeling the pressure of the enemy. You're suffering with cancer, aren't you? Come here a minute. Lay your handkerchief right here. You believe me as His prophet? Come here, want you look at my hand. Just an ordinary man's hand, isn't it? I want you to put your hand here on mine, so you touch me. Now, look what happened. See it swell up and those white things running across it. Now, I'm going to take your hand off, going to put my hand on. It's not there now is it? I want to put your other hand on here. It isn't there now, is it? Well, you're just as much human in this hand as you are in that hand. Come here Brother Baxter; put your hand here on, not there now, is it? Come here Billy Paul; it's not there now, is it? It's not there now. Now, put your hand on there, but it is now. Is that right? If that's true hold this hand up so the audience will see? Now, my hand turns real dark red and white like things running over it, is that right? Them little, it's like little pimples or bumps running across my hand. Now, watch how they come and go: there they come; there they move; here they come again. You know what? That's a life, a cancer, a malignant growth which is in you multiplying cells, trying to take your life.

L-59 I see you've done much praying about this too, haven't you? Seem like without any results. You tried to believe; you tried to accept it. Prayed for not long ago, and you thought you really going to be all right then, but it's proved that it wasn't so. Isn't that right? I'm not reading your mind; but I see the place where you were standing. That's right. But when you heard that I, or seen... I believe you seen something, read something that you... I see you looking down, and then I heard you say, "When I... Brother Branham, when I go to his meeting, he prays for me, I'm going to get well." Did you say that? Raise your hand if that's true. Then your faith has saved you, sister, where's the vibrations at now? 51-0929, Our Hope Is In God, St. Nicholas Arena, New York, NY, 77 min They're gone. Now, you can go and live. God bless you, my... Let's say, "Praise the Lord."

L-60 No prayer, your faith makes you whole. Is that right? You're happy, are you? That's right. And He healed you of heart trouble just then. Now, you can go off the platform happy, 'cause you don't have heart trouble no more. Let's say, "Praise the Lord," everyone. What about you, sister, do you believe me with all your heart? You believe that I be God's prophet? You been suffering with a nervous, haven't you? Stand up on your feet and be well. In the Name of the Lord Jesus, and go out of the... God bless you, sister, you won't have those feelings no more now, go and rejoice. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." Just feeling something... It's different now, isn't it, brother? Amen. Amen. That's right. Amen. Your faith has saved you, my brother. All right, come, sister. You want to get over that asthma? Raise up your hand and say, "I accept You Jesus as my Healer." God bless you. I lay hands on you according to the Word, said, "These signs shall follow them that believe; if they lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." In the Name of the Lord Jesus, go and be made well.

L-61 You want to be healed out there? You believe with all your heart? I see the little lady; you feel different about that nervousness now, don't you, sister? Was just healed, you feel different: quieter, certainly you do. Now, let everyone be reverent. You could only know, my Christian friend, what's taking place just now. I look out there, thinking now of calling another prayer line, another number just in a minute. What you got your hand up for, lady? You believe me? Lady with the red hat on there, you believe me as God's prophet? You believe God can reveal to me what is wrong with you there? Look at me just a minute. Yes, you suffer with a tumor, aren't you? Isn't that right? I see him exam... That's tumor's on the left leg, isn't it? Isn't that right? If it is, wave your hand back and forth like that. Go home and receive your healing, sister. In the Name of the Lord Jesus, He makes you whole.

L-62 Who wants to be healed? Who wants to believe? Now, may our heavenly Father speak to me just now. I see a man standing right here, right in this way; he's kind of a heavy set man; he's holding him... Oh, yes, he's suffering with a--with a rupture. I see where I can see the man; he went out of my vision just then, standing right... Here sets a man setting right here, kind of thin hair, big man. Oh, didn't you have a rupture, hernia? That's right. God bless you, my brother, may the Lord Jesus make you every whit whole. Just a moment, I see a man standing before me now, coming this a way, kind of a thin fellow, wearing a gray suit and a purple tie. There he sets right down there. Stand up just a minute, sir. Huh? The man there with the purple tie on, kind of thin looking man... Oh, yes, you're suffering with--with stomach trouble, is that right? And say, you have something wrong with your bladder too, don't you? Isn't it a bladder trouble, ulcerated bladder, is that right? Raise up your hand. Receive your healing, my brother. In the Name of the Lord Jesus.

L-63 Just a moment. Now, be reverent friends, I'm getting terribly weak. Just a moment, believe now with all of your heart. Now, I see a man coming this a way, coming right down through here. Just a moment. The man has something wrong with his... I see, no, it's... He's examining, a doctor looking at him. He stops and comes back this a way; he's moving, yes, it's--it's his liver. He's got liver trouble. I see the man now, here he... There sets the man, setting right there. Don't you have liver trouble, sir? Swollen liver, isn't that right? Raise up on your feet and receive your healing, my brother. In the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Is there anyone else in here wants to be healed, that would accept Jesus as their Healer? Have faith in God. Don't doubt. Believe. Now, will you believe me? Have I told you the truth? Has Almighty God been here to vindicate that I've told the truth? You believe that's so? Believe me as His prophet: Jesus Christ the Son of God, has healed every one of you. He don't have to take you. The whole thing's moving so now, I don't know whether I can see one or not. But will you do, and do as I ask you to do? Lay your hands over on one another like this. Put your hands on one another, please. Come here, Brother Richey, Brother Bosworth, somebody right quick, come here. Give me a drink of water, right quick...?... I'm sorry, this my...?... I'm getting so weak I can't hardly stand up. O God, Author of Life, Giver of mercy, send Thy blessings upon this people and bless them, Lord. Heal them everyone, in the Name of Thy Son Jesus. I curse every disease in here in Name of the Lord...?... 51-0929, Our Hope Is In God, St. Nicholas Arena, New York, NY, 77 min Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ Expectation
