Date: 1951-09-23
Title: The Principles Of Divine Healing
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Jeffersonville High School
Location: Jeffersonville
Duration: IN, 123 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 51-0923

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 I am very happy to be here tonight to see all my friends gathered out here. Sorry that I'm fixing to leave for a little while, but I'm thankful for this opportunity. I want to take the time now to thank the sponsors of this meeting: Mr. McDowell of the McDowell Electric Company and Mr. McSpadden of the Sixth Street Market, Mr. Morgan, and the others who are--sponsored this meeting. I come home the other day from Kansas City, and there was signs over the streets, and people passing circulars in the--the city, and I thought, "Well, they're going to have a meeting here." Then I thank them. I thank the principal of this school for this splendid cooperation he's given to us, and these men here. They let us have this gymnasium tonight to have this farewell service. My little church is not quite large enough. I thank them, and all the janitors, all that's had anything to do in--with this service, I want to thank you. And it's--it's kinda warm in here tonight. We got a real warm reception, haven't we?

L-2 And if the Lord is willing, in the morning I leave for the Saint Nicholas Arena in New York City for five nights. And from there my next meeting is in Southern Rhodesia, Africa, South Africa. We go from there to northern Africa, and from there to India, and then to Palestine. We be back home, if the good Lord will, the first of next year. And I was talking to the principal of the school a few weeks ago, which told me that when I return, that we could have the big gym over there for a real meeting sometime. Would you appreciate that? Let's give him a hand. [The congregation applauds--Ed.] Thank you very much...?... Thank you. I've always wanted to have one of our meetings here at home. There's something about home that, be it ever so humble, there's no place like it, is there? Home is... I'm always been more or less a rolling stone, as they call it, stalking around over the country. But some of the happiest times of my life when I hear them call on the plane, "Fasten your seatbelt; we're over Louisville." My, that's--that's nice then. I like that. I think anyone does, come back home.

L-3 My work for the Lord has been evangelistic, and I'm--perhaps will be, until He calls me home. Now, I want to ask how many of you here will pray for me while I'm gone, where I can just hear you. Oh, that'd be very fine. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. It seems to be my lot now to go into the tribes down in South Africa, helping the missionaries and so forth, down in there. I trust it'll be a great blessing to many.

L-4 Now, being it's so warm in here, I'll try not to speak to you very long, just want to speak a little on the subject of Divine healing. And then we're going to have a--a prayer line tonight and pray for some of the sick. I've never had but one healing service: that was up at the Tabernacle about two years ago, and it was so bad, the people standing in the rain and things, so these business men of the city said they would see about getting the auditorium, if I could come down here. See? So I told them that I would be glad to do it. And we're sorry now, and I see they're standing in the halls and up and down the streets outside, so we--we thought maybe that--maybe it wouldn't be quite so many come out; that this little gym would take care of it. But the next time, we'll have the big one over on the other side. And I'd like to really, when I come back, maybe, to have five or six nights here in the city for a campaign, and then... [The congregation applauds--Ed.] Thank you. Thank you very much...?... Makes me feel real good to be home and see people applaud for you--they come in for our services.

L-5 And many times, a few years ago, going up and down the street here, as a little lad, I--I never thought that I would have the opportunity to travel for our Lord. But He has so blessed the services till, well, we went internationally now around the world. And this is my second trip across, and I--I trust it'll--this time will mean more than the other. Last time when we was in Finland, Sweden, England, all through the Scandinavian countries, and down into France, and Belgium, Scotland, Ireland, there was literally hundreds, hundreds and thousands of people attended the meetings, sometime as many as forty thousand at a time, one single gathering. And they was so many healings and things taking place, till it would be almost numerous to--to speak of them.

L-6 Now, I was just thinking of just before leaving, I was in Houston, Texas, having a--a meeting there when the--I was 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min called to South Africa, to fly down, and to visit a Miss Florence Nightingale. She's a--a granddaughter of the late Florence Nightingale, which is the founder of the Red Cross. Many of you know of Florence Nightingale. And this is one of her granddaughters. She's a noted woman in South Africa. She had a cancer. And the cancer was in the stomach, and nothing could be done; it got too much of a hold on her before she realized it. A cancer is more or less deceitful, and she just found out. She didn't want to eat very much and just set, closing off. And when they opened her up it was impossible to perform the operation. So they just laid her back, or to die, and closed up the--the mouth of the stomach until she--or the entry where the stomach empties into the intestinal tract. They closed up there until she couldn't eat at all. They fed her glucose in different ways through her veins until they couldn't feed no more. And then they just had to wait for the death to come.

L-7 She sent me a picture, and it's one of the most horrible looking sights that I ever seen of a human being. I thought, at the time, looking at it, it was more thinner than--than the little Georgie Carter. She's probably here tonight. She weighed thirty-five pounds when she was healed. She'd been an invalid, laying in the bed for nine years and eight months: hadn't moved off of her back for nine years and eight months: a tubercular case. And when, by a vision, went down to the people... She lived at Milltown, Indiana, and there I went in and prayed for her, and our Lord healed her. And she's never been to bed since for nothing but just to go to bed at night: she's perfectly normal, well, the piano player at the Milltown Baptist Church, at this time. I wonder if Georgie's in the building tonight, could testify or just stand up. Just raise your hand, Miss Carter, if you're here. Usually, she's near. I guess that she isn't inside. Oh, here she is, yes. Let's say, "Praise the Lord" in this a way, just with our hands like this. That's right. [The congregation applauds--Ed.] Nine years and eight months without raising from the bed; she weighed practically thirty-five pounds.

L-8 And there was a lady here; I forget just what her name is now. I think it's Weaver. She was a patient of some noted surgeons in the country here. And can you hear me out there? I think the microphone has gone off somewhere. All right, now that's better. I can hear the... Maybe I got something crossed up here. All right. And this Mrs. Weaver was just merely bones. Her doctor had given her until the next day to live. And she was so thin that she couldn't raise her hand hardly for me to shake her hand. While praying for her, the Holy Spirit spoke and told her she was going to be a well person. And I wonder if Mrs. Weaver is setting present now? Mrs. Weaver, would you stand up, the one that was healed with cancer in such a awful condition? Are you present now? If she could stand inside... Wave your hand to wherever you are. I can't see; so many fans, perhaps, waving. If Mrs. Weaver is near... Here's her sister setting here. Yes. Now, are--could she... Where is she at? Is she... She's at home. You're a witness of the case that... Let's say, "Thank the Lord," for--for that. [The congregation applauds--Ed.]

L-9 Miss Margie, Mrs. Margie Morgan, twenty-one year graduate nurse, with cancer, that was dying in a hospital in Louisville where they'd--God's servants, the doctors, had done all they could do for her. And she was brought over to the house. Her husband just brought me in tonight. He said, "I don't know whether they're in the building or not." His ninety year old dad... I wonder if she's close, Mrs. Morgan, if she could raise up somewhere as a witness of the Lord's grace and power to heal? I... All at once... Oh, here she is, standing right here. Well, let's give her a hand again. She was skin and bones; look at her now, from...?... [The congregation applauds--Ed.] Some of the most noted surgeons in the country had given her up as a hopeless, dying. And there she is now in perfect health.

L-10 Prayer changes things. And this Mrs. Florence Nightingale. It was a similar case to any of those three. There's more setting here, but I just won't have time to get it, of different ones that's in the country here which is infallible testimonies of the power of the resurrected Jesus Christ. And so this--this Mrs. Nightingale, when my wife saw her picture, she started weeping. We laid the picture on the floor and begin praying. And I said, "Heavenly Father, if You will heal this dear person, it'll be a "go light" for me to go to Africa. And I just committed it to the Lord. And I was called to King George of England, to pray for him with those multiple sclerosis. I understand by the radio 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min today, that he's got some kind of a lung trouble now. And on my road over, when we stopped at the International Airport just out of London, I heard them page me, and I seen all the guard out, and when I went up there, some of the--the church men from the high church there, came and told me, said, "Miss Florence Nightingale is just come in ahead of you here in a plane from South Africa." And said, "We think she's dying. We can't get her out of the plane." Said, "Would you come, pray for her." And I said, "Well, I couldn't wind my way through that crowd of people there," where probably, I think they judged around twenty-six thousand people. I said, "I--how could I ever get to her?" I said, "You take her to your house and we're going down to Buckingham Palace. We're due at the Westminster Abbey, and then back up to Piccadilly Hotel." I said, "You call me, and I'll go over, and pray with her."

L-11 And I didn't get in that day. And the next day they called me, and, Christian friends, one of the most pathetic sights that I ever witnessed in my lifetime, I witnessed it then. As many of you boys here, was in the services in the last war, England, their houses are up over the business... And I was taken up to a lovely home where two nurses was waiting on this Mrs. Nightingale. And when I went in, there was several ministers there. Four of my managers went with me. And when we entered into the room, I tell you, I--I never seen anything quite like it, even with these women here. Mrs. Carter, back there, who was probably lighter in weight but she's a smaller girl. This girl would've weighed... Being that she'd have been five foot, six or seven inches tall, would probably weighed in a normal weight, a hundred and fifty or sixty pounds, maybe a hundred and seventy, tall lanky like woman. And there she was until she'd withered away.

L-12 Now, this is a mixed audience and I'm sure you'll regard me as your brother, to a... In her body in here, there was no more to it, that her bosom, breast, had sunk down in beneath the ribs, and when they pulled the sheet off of her, why her--she was so thin, till the--the skin, through the ring of her hip here, had come together. And where she was crying, I couldn't hear what she was saying. Some of the nurses got down real low, and she said, "Ask... Tell Brother Branham; I want to shake his hand." And when I took ahold, and they raised that arm up, and I took ahold of those bones, you'll never know what a feeling went through me: a mortal in that condition. And the nurse knowed she wanted something else, and I got down close. And so I couldn't understand her. And the nurse told me; she said, "Tell Brother Branham to ask God to let me die. I--I can't go like this." And she just withered away. And I couldn't ask for her to die after she'd prayed so hard, and she'd told God, she said, "If I can--if--if I can just..." Wanted Him to let me come down, pray for her. And she said if I'd ever pray for her, she knowed she'd get well. And such gallant faith like that. And then when I met her, to ask her to--God to let her die, that was more than what I thought would be right. And I said to her; I said, "Sister, I can't ask God to let you die. Let us kneel and pray."

L-13 And usually, England is foggy, about--an island like. And the window was up. And I'll never forget this experience. I knelt down to pray, and I'd... Those ministers all gathered around. And I started praying. I said, "Our Father, Who art in heaven, hallowed be Thy Name..." and just as I said that, a little turtledove flew in the window and begin to walk up and down the cell--sill of the window, going, "Coo, Coo, Coo." And all the time I was praying, he walked back and forth, up and down the sill of the window. Then when I said, "Amen," the little fellow spread his wings and flew away. Those ministers raised up and said, "Did you notice?" And before I could say anything, the Spirit of the Lord came and told her that she'd be well. And I got her pictures now, after eight months. I just happened to bring it tonight, because that was my "go light" to Africa, and she's really got the country on fire. They claim there'd be a hundred thousand people at the first meeting. Here's her picture just before I prayed for her. Can you see it back there? I guess it's kindly hard. I might've had one of the ushers, if they will, to walk over here, and take this picture, and just make a little round down through there. Now, I... When I seen her; it was eight weeks after this: they was feeding her glucose and so forth. And then here's her picture at today. Miracle... Now, that's Mrs. Florence Nightingale. Her great grandmother was the founder of the Red Cross, and a--a really a noted woman that a... Teddy, son, would you come get this one also, if you will, and take it right along with you? Just walk down the aisles and turn sideways to show it if you can.

L-14 It's been a long time, my dear friends, here in Jeffersonville. Probably, no doubt at all, but a few years ago, that 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min some of the people thought I'd mentally slipped when I begin to speak of God being the same yesterday, today, and forever. In my heart there was something that anchored there that I could not get away from. And I know that someday God would give me the privilege to prove that that was right, because it is the Scripture. And today I am very happy to be in my hometown with a Divine vindication of the truth, that's universally known, that the statement that I have made concerning our Lord Jesus it's the truth, that God has testified it to be the truth. Don't never be weary in well-doing, for you will certainly reap in due season if you faint not. Always do that which is right. And whatever that God has said in His Book, you believe that; for you can hang your soul on any phase of the Word of God. You believe that, don't you? Now, whatever He has promised in the Word, that God will do; for God is under obligation to His Word.

L-15 Now, it could go on for hour after hour, but you have children; they're standing on the streets, and in the aisles, and outside, and I--I want to get into the healing service. And before that I want to speak a little bit on the principles of Divine healing 'fore we have a healing meeting. But now, if I never return from Africa... I have no assurance of it. But if I never return back, my Christian friends, I have been truthful and been faithful. And I have served God, and I've done the best that I know how. And I appreciate your all's prayers. Many of you here has prayed day and night for me; and because that I have been able to do these things for my Lord, by His grace, has been because you have held me up before the throne of God in prayer. That's the cause of it. I appreciate it, my dear mothers and dads, with all my heart. I'll never forget you. And now, if I should never return, the statements that I have made is certainly a vindicated by God to be the truth, universally, everywhere throughout the--the world.

L-16 And I remember when I was a little boy; and this is for some of the children from here at school and so forth: no matter if you're trying to do what's right, young men, young women, do that which is right and God will bless you. Always do right. You can't be going this a way when you're going this a way. Always hold to the right, do what's right, and you'll come out right. Now, when I was a little lad, I didn't have too many friends. But I always loved people. I wanted friends. And now, that I'm trying to serve God and do all I know to do, tonight I guess I have somewhere, six or eight million friends around the world. It just shows what God will do for you if you'll trust Him. Is that right? I'm glad to hear that, "Amen." The word, "Amen," means "so be it."

L-17 And now, I wish to read just a little bit of Scripture from the Book. And before doing it though, I want to say good-bye to you. God bless every one of you. Thanks all--to all of you for what you have done for me and helping me and my family. In times when we were in need, you've come to us. Oh, how I appreciate it. And may the little city bring out ministers from this city that'll travel the world over and do great things for God is my prayer. Now--now I want to say this: I am happy. The people of Jeffersonville, I'm happy to know this, that the principal of our school here is a devout Christian. God bless him. He never returned a word when we ask him for this auditorium. And he also told us we could have the large one. And I certainly appreciate that. To all the staff, may God bless them.

L-18 Now, in the Book of Saint John the 5th chapter, I wish to read just a portion. You know, faith cometh by hearing, hearing of the Word of God. Is that right? All right, now listen closely as I read. After this there was a feast of the Jews; and Jesus went up to Jerusalem. Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, ... called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches. In these lay ... great multitudes of impotent folk, ... blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water. For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whosoever ... first after the troubling of the water stepping in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had. And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years. And when Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had now been a long time in this case, he said unto him, Wilt thou be made whole? Listen closely. The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me in the pool: but while I am 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min coming, another steps down before me. Jesus said unto him, Arise, take up thy bed, and walk. And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and walked: and ... the same ... was the sabbath.

L-19 The 19th verse, when He was questioned on this... Now, I want you to notice, it looks very strange. Now, our case is just before the crucifixion, when Jesus went up to the feast at Jerusalem. And now, how many people in here are sick and needy tonight of prayer? Let's see your hand: just go up everywhere. My, just look. My friends, this is a sick world, isn't it? And look at the day that when we got the best medicine we ever practiced with; we got the best doctors we ever had (Do you believe that?), got the best institution hospitals, best drugs we ever practiced with; and we got more sickness than the world ever knowed. You want my analysis of it? We got more sin and unbelief than the world ever knowed. That's just exactly the reason. Sure.

L-20 Now, in speaking of Divine healing, you're--we must approach it just as sanely as it is in the Scripture. Now, Divine healing has been misunderstood by many. Some people think that Divine healing is some sort of a (You know?) hocus pocus over people and put some kind of a--a spell on them that they get well, or something like that, or a hypnotism. That's an error. The Bible teaches Divine healing for this present day, and Divine healing all down through the age. Now, God always had a provided way for the people to be healed. He give it in the days of the--Israel's journey; He had the brass serpent. After the going away of the brass serpent, when people make an idol out of it, then the prophet broke up the serpent, and tore it up, threw it away. And God sent an Angel down upon a pool of water, called in the Hebrew tongue, Bethesda, at the sheep market, where they brought in the sheeps in the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem. If the good Lord willing, in a few weeks be visiting this very spot where we're speaking of.

L-21 And there was a--a--a pool there at the market. And ever so often, there was an Angel came down and troubled the water. Now, how many knows what troubled water is, living here at the river? A troubled water is when the current's going one way, and the waves another: choppy; makes a troubled water and a very dangerous water. Then people believed that it was an Angel, which God testified that it was, that came down; because there was no current in the water, but it just chopped the water, made a choppy condition. And the people lay there, great multitudes. Now, listen what the Scripture says: lame, halt, blind, withered. What a sight of suffering humanity, waiting for the moving of the water. And then ever who got into the water first, when the water was troubled, was made whole of whatsoever disease he had, because the--all the virtue of the Angel on the water, went to the individual and healed him of its disease. Now, you believe that's the truth? I believe it is, because it's in the Scripture. And that's why I believe it's the truth. I believe that it was an Angel, not a superstition, not somebody's theology; it was an Angel that God sent down from heaven to minister to the sick and the needy. Now, if God made a provision in the--every age, would it not be no more than just that God would make a provision in this age for the sick? Well, He has.

L-22 Notice. Now, Jesus went up to this pool, up to Jerusalem. And going through the market, He came to this great mass of humanity. How many of you believe He was the Son of God? He was full of love and compassion, wasn't He? Well now, doesn't it seem strange that our lovely Jesus would pass that great multitude of lame, halt, blind, and withered people, and just heal one man that maybe had a heart trouble, or diabetes, or something; and leave that great mass of crippled people lay there? I believe if He would've said to all of them... Just think, this little audience tonight wouldn't be a handful up beside of what that great multitude was that laid there. A multitude consists of over two thousand people, and a great multitude. Hard tell how many thousand was there of lame, blind, withered; and He healed one man, and walked away, and left the rest of them there. Now, that doesn't... If you would look at it in the right sense, now... Note, that was strange that the Son of God would just heal one person and leave all that multitude lay there. Doesn't it seem strange? Looked like He would've heal them all. And I believe that if He would've said, "All of you is healed," I believe they'd all been well. Do you believe that?

L-23 But now, when the Jews questioned Him, listen at what He said: 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise. For the Father loveth the Son, and sheweth him all things that himself doeth: and he will shew greater works than this, that ye may marvel. Now, Jesus said that in Himself He could do nothing; He could only do what the Father showed Him to do. That's the Scripture. Jesus said, "It's not Me that doeth the works; it's My Father that dwelleth in Me; He doeth the works." Is that right? God...

L-24 No man can take credit for healing, not even to a doctor. There's no doctor can heal you. Now, doctors give you aid, and they'll operate, and things that's necessary; but you never heard a doctor say that he could heal you; because he can't. There's only one Healer, and that is God. Now, in Psalms 103:3, He said: Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all of His benefits: Who forgiveth all thy iniquities; Who healeth all of thy diseases. Now, I have never... I've had some very rank criticism. Some people practicing Divine healing don't believe in a doctor. You have--you can have your own ideas about it, but I believe in doctors. I believe God put them here on earth, and they're His helpers; but there's none of them that can heal you. They can set a bone, pull a tooth. But if they--if they pull a tooth, who's going to heal the socket it come out of? If they set a bone, they can put it together; look under x-rays, see if they got it right; set the bone. But who's going to heal you? Who's going to produce the calcium and stuff that heals you?

L-25 Look how simple. Of all of our fine drugs that we got today, there's not a--a drug in the world that can heal a simple knife cut in my hand. Did you know that? We haven't got a medicine that will heal the knife cut. And if... Any medicine that would heal the knife cut in my hand would heal a knife cut in my coat. "Why," you say, "Brother Branham, that's getting radical." Well, it would heal the knife cut; that's what I'm speaking of. "Well," you say, "Brother Branham, medicine was made for your body (That's correct.), and not for your coat." That's correct. Now, we're going to find out Who's the Healer?

L-26 Now, we know that medicine was made for the body. But now, for instance, I'd cut my hand here, and I would fall down dead on the platform, and they could take me down to the undertaker morgue. They had a fluid, that they could embalm my body, that I would look natural for the next fifty years. And we would send--or even take me to Mayo's Clinic, and let them dress that hand every day for fifty years, put all the salve, and mercurochromes, and penicillin in my body that could be, and in fifty years from today, that cut would be there just the same as it was the moment the knife cut it. Is that right? Sure. You say, "Certainly, Brother Branham, the life went out of your body." Then I want to ask you which is the healer; the medicine or life? Life, exactly. Well, then if you'll tell me and pull out of you what part is life or nature, I can show you what part of you is God. God is Life. There you are. So He is the Healer, Healer of all diseases.

L-27 Not long ago I was a--interviewed. I went up for an examination to Mayo Clinic, the greatest in the world. And they examined me a good examination. And it's a good thing to go by once in a while and be examined. But when I received that examination up there at Mayo's Clinic, though as thorough as it was, I never had any more examination than my own little doctor here, Dr. Sam Adair, here in the city. He could give me the same kind of examination, and to my opinion, just as good a doctor as they got there. And I'm not saying that to plug for him; I'd say that across the world.

L-28 But notice. After giving me examination, they had a chance to interview me. And so they were talking about the work, and they said, "Reverend Branham," said, "we don't profess to be healers here." said, "We only profess to assist nature. There's only one Healer; that's God." I said, "That's right. I'll agree that a hundred percent." And one of the things that thrilled my heart the other day, after being a patient there, and the Mayo Clinic told me I was a--hopeless of ever being well... I never did weigh over a hundred and thirty pounds in all my life, a hundred and thirty-five, I guess, one time, and now I weigh a hundred and 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min fifty-five pounds and in perfect health. Prayer changes things. The best doctors there was in South Africa and England told Mrs. Florence Nightingale that she was hopeless. But there she is. Prayer changes things.

L-29 Now, Jesus said He could do nothing but what the Father showed Him. Now, you've seen the newspapers and some of the leading magazines wrote me up, said, "Brother Branham the Divine healer." Now, that's an error. I am no Divine healer or no other man is a Divine healer. Even Christ didn't claim to be a Divine healer. He only claimed to do what the Father showed Him to do. Is that right? He was not a healer; He didn't claim to be. Said, "It's not Me; it's My Father." And if Christ, the Son of God, didn't claim to be a healer, how much more a poor sinful person like myself would claim to be a healer. It's only done through a Divine gift to raise the faith in the people. Now, Jesus, when He was here on earth, He ministered to the sick and the needy. About seventy percent of His ministry, or more, was on Divine healing; it attracts the attention of the people. Fascinates them to the thought of... The devil once told Job the right thing, said, "What would a man do for his skin?" That's right. A man will do anything to get well when he's sick. Maybe you've never hit that spot yet. But there may be sometime when you will hit that spot, like Mrs. Morgan, or some of these others in here that's been healed by Divine healing.

L-30 Now, the first thing a person does when they get sick, maybe around home you have a few remedies and things you try. The next thing is--is maybe you call the doctor. That's the sensible thing to do. If the doctor can't do you no good, then you've got a right to go to God. That--that's what you should do: Call on God, and God is the Author of circumstance. He can--He can do when nothing else can do. When man comes to the end on their line, God can do. Now, notice. And never forget this, you people laying here sick and needy: The right mental attitude toward any Divine promise of God will bring it to pass. When you believe, and take God at His Word, say It's so, believe It's so, God will bring it to pass. I hope I'm not yelling at you; this thing's really got some voice now. Right. The right mental attitude towards any Divine promise of God will bring it to pass. If you're a sinner, confess your sins. Believe that God saved you, and then go testifying of it, telling people that you're saved. It'll work righteousness. After while you'll be a Christian. You believe that?

L-31 Now look, in Hebrews 3 and 1, Jesus Christ is a High Priest of our confession. He is what we confess Him to be. And any redemptive blessing that He died for, He's setting at the right hand of the Father tonight, to make good anything that you accept in Him. My, I hope you get it. Look [Brother Branham knocks on the pulpit--Ed.], my dear friends, this is not some fanaticism, not some little worked up something in a corner. About seven or eight years ago, people said the program can't go over; it'll never be. But when the Angel of the Lord appeared to me out there on Green's Mill bank, out there in that little cabin that night, He told me to go, and I'd be praying for statesmen, and great men, and kings, and monarchs. It would sweep around the world, and now, there's a revival sweeping the world, originating in Jeffersonville, Indiana. Amen. Oh, how wonderful.

L-32 Now, kings, and rulers, and great men, they don't deal in fanaticism. Now, I will admit the devil's got scarecrows along the road. He's got people who tries to impersonate something. He's got people... Devil's got people that impersonates a Christian, try to make people believe they're Christians when they're not. But that don't take away the value of a real Christian. To my opinion, it makes him conspicuous. And that's the same thing on Divine healing. There's people go around with a bunch of work up and fanaticism, calling it Divine healing. That don't take away the value of God's Word and His death at the cross. It only makes it more conspicuous that it is right. For as long as there's a bogus something, there's bound to be a real one for it to be made off of. It's only a vindication that there is a real one.

L-33 Now, notice, many has been the trials, heartaches, and hardships; but tonight we're more than conquerors in Christ Jesus. When Christ died at the cross, He was wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquity; the chastisement of our peace was upon Him; and with His stripes we were healed. That's the unadulterated Word of God. Truly. Now, then He put in Calvary those great things and every... Here it is; I hope you see it. Look. Every Christian believer has a right to any of those redemptive blessings that Christ Jesus died for. There you go. But it's out of practice. 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min People's afraid to take God at His Word. Do not be afraid. God's under obligation to make it so.

L-34 Looky here at the people: little afflicted children setting here; people out there, some of you cancer-eaten; and--and heart trouble; and things that you can't get well by--by medical cure. And then Satan come around and try to rob you from the only hope you have? If you'll excuse this expression before a religious group: ''The proof of the pudding is the eating of it." Here's people here that own doctors of the city and around about, have said they can't live any longer, and they're living witnesses and testimonies tonight of the power of the resurrected Jesus Christ. How can you doubt? Look, laying in here in front of me. 'Course it's just a little one night meeting. Sometimes they lay by thousands. But I guess if I would collect the testimonies that I've seen take place, infallible proofs, doctors witnessed it, in the past six years I've been on the field, would make over a hundred thousand. And I've seen sarcomas cancer healed by the right mental attitude towards God's Divine Word (That's right.), if you'll believe It, accept It.

L-35 No matter how sinful you are, no matter how stooped you've been in sin, if you'll look to Jesus Christ and believe Him as your Saviour and confess Him to be, God will save you by His grace. No matter how low you are in sickness, how bad you are, if God's servant the doctor has given you up, with all he can do, you have a right to accept Jesus Christ as your Healer and be made well. Here they are setting right here tonight: infallible proofs; not something that happened across the street, but something happened here.

L-36 Now, no man can heal you. When a preacher comes, or anybody else, and says, "Well, he's got healing power." That's an error. Healing power lays in Calvary; not in man; in Calvary. I said the other night in an international conference, where many, many thousands was setting together; I said, "I find two groups of people in the world. One of them, are the fundamental group: positionally, they know. And the next is the Full Gospel group that's got it and don't know. It's like a man's got a lot of money in the bank, but he don't know how to write a check. The other man hasn't got no money in the bank but he knows how to write a check. If you could ever get the two together, then you got something." If you would realize that you're sons and daughters of God by the death of Christ, and you have a checkbook in your hand to draw any dividends out of Calvary that Christ died for. Amen. That's right. Don't be afraid. Put it to work. Let your faith get started one time; turn it loose.

L-37 Look, laying here tonight in here dying before me. There's people setting out here, laying out here would be dead in a few weeks from now, if there isn't mercy showed somewhere. And what kind of a person should I be? God will hold me responsible at the day of judgment if I would mislead someone. But if I know of a real remedy for you, and can introduce it to you, it'll be a blessing.

L-38 Notice, just a few moments now, and we'll start the prayer line. Now, the only thing that a minister could do would be preach to you salvation in the cross. He couldn't save you. There's no preacher tell you he can save you. He asks you to accept what Jesus has already done. Is that right? How many of you are pastors, do that, raise your hand? Sure, you accept Christ. Now, he can preach, but he can't save; but he points you to Calvary. You accept it, then when you come up, and say, "Now, I take Jesus as my personal Saviour," you believe in your heart that you are saved. Now, the critics on the outside say, "Oh, John, there's no difference in you. Why, you look just the same as you al--..." But, you might look the same; you might not feel any different; but in your heart you believe you're different. See? Then you confess that you're different. "He that will confess Me before men, I'll confess him before the Father and the holy angels."

L-39 Now, if you believe you're better, then you say you're better; you act like you're better. See? You say, "Yes, sir, I'm--I'm saved." You associate with those that are saved. You believe you're saved. You act like you're saved, and it works righteousness. Is that right? That's 'cause He was wounded for your transgressions, setting at the right hand of the Father to make good anything you confess. Now, what if you come to the altar, say, "Well, I don't know." But in your heart you believe you're saved and don't say nothing about it? You'll never be saved until you believe it, accept it, and confess it. 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min

L-40 Well, same thing by Divine healing. "Lady, you're a very sick. You, you, you, you stretcher cases here, probably in a dying condition. I don't know you. I don't recognize a one of you. And the little girl here, I don't know her. And some other ones here, I never seen you in my life; but I'm bringing to you, my sister, a--the message that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. His love and devotion to you is just as it always was. And there's not one more thing that He can do in His great kingdom to get you healed, because He's already done that. Nineteen hundred years ago when He died, He saved every creature on the earth. Did He? He certainly did. "The Lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world." Now, it'll never do you no good until you accept it. Is that right? See? He saved you back there. The Blood sprayed the earth: "Father, forgive them; they know not what they do." But you're under mercy now, when--you're a free moral agent. But when the life leaves your body and you go in the Presence of God, you're already judged, 'cause God's already judged sin. Then, "He was wounded for your transgressions; with His stripes you were healed." And how can anyone do now what Jesus done nineteen hundred years ago? There you are. You can't.

L-41 Now, the only thing a minister can do would be preach the Gospel, tell you the truth. And you believe it, accept it, act upon your confession. Go out; say you're well. Believe you're well. Act like you are. You say, "Brother Branham, should I do that before it..." You never feel nothing. Jesus never did say, "Did you feeled it?" He said, "Did you believe it?" It's by faith, not by feeling. You're not saved by feeling. Why, the devil can beat you around every stump in the country, saying it's by your feelings. I'm not saved because I feel like I'm saved. I'm saved because God's Word says I'm saved.

L-42 Now, and listen; just a moment. The Word of God will defeat the devil any place, anywhere, any time on any condition. When Jesus was here on earth, the Father was in Him. God was in Christ reconcile the world to Himself. We believe that. All the fine qualities was in--was of the Father was in Him. But when He met Satan, look how He did. He brought it in your reach, and yours, yours, and all of you. See? He never used His great gift. When Satan comes in and said, "If thou be the Son of God, turn these stones to bread," He said, "It is written: man shall not live by bread alone." He taken Him up on the pinnacle of the temple. Jesus said, "It is written." He took Him up on a high mountain, showed Him the kingdoms of the world, said, "I'll give them all to you, if you'll fall down and worship me." Jesus said, "It is written." See? Always, "It's written," the Word. The Word of God is a Seed. Accept It in your heart: believe It; water It; testify of It; take It as your own personal need and God will bring it to pass.

L-43 Now, then you say, "Brother Branham, what made your ministry conspicuous?" This last statement. When I was a little boy, I was borned up here in Cumberland County, Kentucky, in a little log cabin. My dear old mother sets here tonight in this auditorium. She was fifteen years old when I was born. My father was about eighteen. The morning when I was born, he was standing with his (They tell me.)--with his hands in the bibs of his overalls. And a little old window in the side of the hut, after I was borned, a Light came into that window, settled down where I was. It's been with me from that day to this.

L-44 When I was a child, twenty-two years before this beautiful bridge spanned the river, setting down in my yard, I seen this thing go across the river and seen the men that lost their life on it. My mother thought I was nervous. Right here at Mr. Wathen's on Utica Pike when I was packing water in two little syrup buckets, out of the bush come a sound of "Whew." [Brother Branham makes a blowing sound--Ed.] I didn't see no leaves blowing nowhere, and looked up in the tree, looked like a barrel-size, going back and forth in the tree. And out of there come an audible voice and it said, "Don't you never smoke or drink or defile your body in any way. There'll be a work for you to do when you get older." I'm at home. I'm among people. I'm among young ladies that I went with in my young days. I'm amongst boys here, boyfriends that I played together. I ask you today if you ever seen me smoke, drink, or be drunk, or--or defile myself in--in that way? No, sir. I did not. Not for my goodness, but it's by His mercy, His foreordained will for me to do this.

L-45 Later on I become a minister. You very well remember the time when the star appeared down here on the river, that Light. It's appeared: we've got It now hanging in Washington, DC The only time in the world they had to that time, that a supernatural Being could scientifically be proven; it proved by the FBI that is was absolutely a supernatural 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min Being. It comes into the meeting; It's right here at the platform now. And it's not me; I have nothing to do with it. It's the Angel of the Lord. And He's here now. And a man can come through this country, tell you anything, minister can speak of anything. Man is subject to making mistakes and telling stories. Man's word's just a man's word. But when God speaks that it's so, then you believe it, because it is so. God's Word will be worth more in the next few minutes than all the words that I could say.

L-46 I was born... I believe that gifts and callings are without repentance. How many Christians believe that? It's not what you try to work yourself up to; it's what you're born to be. See? Back in the making... You begin in your germ of life when you become germatized in your great grandfather. That's Scripture. Levi paid tithes in the loins of Abraham, his grandfather. See? All right, but your germ, your life, your soul, begin in the creation of God in the beginning. Didn't Jesus tell His disciples, "I knew you before the foundation of the world"? Called us, ordained us to be ministers of the Gospel, and so forth; it's the foreordination of God.

L-47 Now, how many... Now, in here, in working... Now, watch. Jesus said... Thank you, Teddy. [Brother Branham speaks to Brother Teddy--Ed.] He said, "The things that I do, shall you do also, and greater than this shall you do, for I go to My Father." Is that right? Do you believe so? Now, you sick people, look here for a minute now. Do you believe that that is the truth, that Jesus said in Saint John 14:7--or--or I mean 14:12, "The things that I do, shall you also; and greater than this shall you do, for I go to My Father"? And Jesus plainly stated... Now, listen, and outside, I hope you hear. Jesus plainly stated that He could do nothing of Himself, but what God showed Him to do in a vision, that's what He done. Is that right?

L-48 Now, let's see how it works. After He made His statements of Who He was, Philip was converted, he went to find Nathanael. And when he found Nathanael, Nathanael... He said, "Come, see Who I have found, Jesus of Nazareth, the Son of Joseph." And what did Nathanael say? Now, you Bible teachers here, so what'd he say? He said, "Could any good thing come out of Nazareth?" A mean city, wicked, bad, worse than Jeffersonville. And then...?... So then he said, "Could any good thing come out of Nazareth?" He said "Come and see." And when He came up to where Jesus was, Jesus was in the prayer line. And when Nathanael came up, Jesus said, "Behold, an Israelite indeed, in whom there's no guile." In other words--in other words, "You're a good Christian man, a truthful man." And Nathanael was surprised, and he said, "When did You know me, Rabbi?" or teacher, reverend. He said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree, I saw you." Is that Scripture? Now, what if Philip would've said--or Nathanael would've said then like many people say today, "It's reading your mind; it's mental telepathy"? Well then, the Script--would've--the thing would never been done. But he said, "Thou art the Son of God." Is that right?

L-49 When the woman was at the well, He told her her sin, how many husbands she had. Is that right? He knowed where a fish was, had a coin in its mouth. God showed Him where this man was laying with the--the disease. And He did all things as the Father showed Him to do. Now, if I come, my brother and sister tonight, and told you that the spirit of some great artist was in me, you'd expect me to put a canvas out here on this place and paint a picture like the artist would paint it. Is that right? If the spirit of the artist was in me... And if I told you the spirit of some criminal, John Dillinger, was in me, then you'd expect me to have big guns and be an outlaw like John Dillinger was. If his spirit is in me, I'll act like him. And if we are Christians and the Spirit of Christ is in us, we do the works of Christ.

L-50 Now, as I said before, I can do no--nothing at all but what He shows me. Now, in the meetings... (Sorry, I've pulled on that, brother.) [Someone answers, "That's all right."--Ed.] Now, in the meetings, I speak by vision. I cannot heal, but I see what's been wrong with the patient. I can tell them by the Spirit of God what to do and what will be the 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min outcome. It will go back and tell you the things back in your life, then it will bring it up here. If you know that's true, then from here out, it will tell you what will be, and watch and see if that isn't true. It never fails.

L-51 Now, for another case. A few weeks ago, I was standing in Los Angeles. Can you hear me in the back? Raise up your hands if you can. I was in Los Angeles, California, having meetings. Now, listen here just the way the meeting takes place, before we start. I pray; I fast. I just come out of a meeting: I've been gone now for two days; I've been home, been back to the house a couple times. Go off to myself and pray, not eating, fasting, waiting. And there's something comes down, takes over my life, my body, and I'm not myself. No more... That light can't say, "See what a light I am?" That bulb isn't making light; it's the current going through the bulb that makes light. And before there can be any light in there, there would have to be a switch to make a contact, and then the light comes forth.

L-52 Now, when He speaks through me, I know what He tells me. I see it just like I'm looking here. But when He doesn't speak, I can't say nothing. Or in the meeting, there I just walk into the platform. And as I walked in, I looked, I saw a stack of hay, just materializes in front of me. I begin to speak about that stack. I seen a little boy get hurt on a hay frame. I seen him years later, selling books from a wheelchair or something. I seen him a great man in a big office where a men wore a kind of rounded collars, begin to speak of it. My manager come to me or one of the ministers and said... And I seen the man setting back out there in the audience. I said, "There sets the man." Brought a wheelchairs and thing... I said, "There sets the man right there. He's under a certain church." Someone come to me and said, "You know who that was?" one of my managers. I said, "No." Said, "That's Congressman Upshaw. Did you ever hear of him?" I said, "No, sir." He said, "He run for President." I said, "It... I don't remember him." And he said, "He's been an invalid, crippled for sixty-six years." I said, "Yes, sir." And said--he said, "Well, what's going to happen?" I said, "I don't know."

L-53 And I seen his wife praying with him. I started to turn and say, "Bring the next person in the prayer line," and when the next person started to come, I looked around here before me stood a doctor: thin fellow, wearing tortoise-shell glasses, had one of those, whatever it is that he wears on his head to look in your throat. He was discouraged; he was shaking his head. I say, "I see a thin doctor. He's shaking his head. He's--he's just performed an operation on a little colored girl; it paralyzed her. And she's paralyzed from her shoulders down." And I turned back around, and I said to my brother, "Bring me your patient." And then way down, way in, I heard someone crying, and I looked; and here was a hospital stretcher like these along here, and an old colored woman crawling on her knees, coming behind, screaming, "God be merciful to me." And I looked, and there was the little colored girl that I seen in the vision. She said, "Lordy, mercy." She said, "Parson, you told just exactly the kind of doctor that was. Is God going to let my baby live?" I said, "Auntie, I don't know." I said, "I can only speak what I see." And she said, "O God, have mercy, have mercy," kept crying. The little thing's paralyzed. She's... I said, "It's been about two years, hasn't it, Auntie?" She said, "That's what it's been, sir." And I turned around to call the patient. I looked, and I seen something in front of me. And I seen a--something materializing, it looked like a road. But it was a street, and going down that street, went that little colored girl with a doll on her arm, walking like this. Brother, sister, all those devils in hell couldn't stop it then. I said, "Auntie, your faith has saved the child; it's whole." 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min

L-54 I've seen it in hundreds of cases, thousands of cases. And here before me tonight, I give any person leave. Did you ever one time ever see It say anything but what was perfectly that way? How manys been in meetings and seen it, let's see your hand? Raise your hands everywhere. There it is. Every time It's perfect, for It's God, not a man; It's God, and It can't be wrong. Then, notice, she said, "Is my baby healed?" I said, "Yes, ma'am." And she caught the little thing by the hand, and the little baby raised up, threw it's arms around mother, got up and walked out of the building, perfectly whole. People begin fainting.

L-55 And the--the meeting went on; in a few minutes I said, "I see the Congressman. He's got a pinstripe suit on. He's healed." And he was bowing hisself like this, after being a cripple for sixty-six years. Congressman Willie D. Upshaw, former Congressman. I think it was Senator of Georgia, run for President, because of his religious righteousness about believing in whiskey, he was defeated in the race. And God honored his faith. And tonight, setting on the platform is Congressman Willie D. Upshaw, that was a cripple for sixty-six years, perfectly whole here before us. Come here, Mr. Upshaw, my brother. Here's a man that was a cripple for sixty-six years. God bless you, Brother Willie. [The congregation applauds--Ed.] ... Say anything you wish to say to the people.

L-56 [Brother Upshaw begins to speak and Brother Branham speaks to him during the testimony: You don't how happy I am to put my arms of fellowship around this dear man of God, and what he means--has meant to me. I know he doesn't mind if I say this word to you. The night the meeting closed, in which my healing came, he authorized, he knew that I wanted to cover the six states that I have not yet covered since I got off the bed where I stayed seven years. He authorized and offered me to buy a car, and he knew I had given away all that I'd ever made, helping people in distress. I think he'd be happy now, as he started it, to know that that car just lacks two hundred and twenty dollars of having enough to complete it, and start out on our--some of these trips. And that everybody that shakes hands with Mrs. Upshaw and me tonight, will have a dollar in it, or something else, and...?... and you far more than covered, 'cause you put gasoline money besides; or if you can't do that, send it to a--a Hotel Times Square, New York, we... Blank.spot.on.tape Remember this, you who are stretched out here and want to be healed; step out as God helped me to do. I said, "God voice has spoke with me, though I asked Brother...] "Branham" [Branham said, "The Congressman is healed." I said, "It's the voice of God." And I've been the happiest man since I threw away my crutches and started out to witness to His healing as well as His saving power. The happiest man that's ever been in Jeffersonville since Columbus discovered America--Ed.]

L-57 Amen. Let's say, "Praise the Lord," for the old brother. He's just eighty-five years young. Look. Looks like if he'd have got healed, that he would've got healed back there when he was about seventeen, doesn't it? But God, down through the age, held it back. And now, he testified there and in--in Congress, and different buildings, going up there to meetings, don't you see how God's got His body work in this day? Can't you see it? Then you see the supernatural with a man laid there and was a wheelchair patient, on crutches for all those times, and now, a well, sound man, eighty--to be eighty-five. Abraham was a hundred and twenty-five years old. Before Isaac was born to him, God gave him a promise and Abraham testified of it for twenty-five years before Isaac ever come on earth. Is that right? He's the same God yesterday, today, and forever. His promises are still true.

L-58 Now, here sets two people. I feel that I'll be back to this city here again shortly for a meeting that'll last for several weeks--or several days, I should say, God being willing. So hot, and you can't hold the attention of people when it's so awfully hot and crowded and jammed. I tried that sometimes in meetings where many, many thousands was standing in a tent. Pray for me. I love you with a Christian love, burns down in my soul. And the things that I have said to you tonight, concerning Divine healing and His power, they are true. They are true with my Bible here at my heart. They're the truth. I can make no one well.

L-59 But I want to ask you something. There was lepers, one time, set at the gate. They said, "Why do we set here till 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min we die? Let's do something about it." Make an effort. Get up. The doctor's done all he can do. Everything's done all they could do. The next effort... God's done all He can do. And the next thing is due, is for you to act and let your faith go to work in God's Word. Now, look, everybody. A seer... How many here ever dreamed a dream? Let's see your hand. All right. Most all normal people do. That's your subconscious, we'll call it. Now, listen to this. Your subconscious... Here's a nor--your conscious, and here's your subconscious. Where that you people didn't dream a dream at all, theirs is way back. Now, I believe God deals in dreams (That's right.): King Nebuchadnezzar, and Joseph, and many of them, and so forth, He dealt in dreams. But a seer isn't that way.

L-60 Now, [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] ...?... we'll call a prayer line. And then out of that, some of you here... How many hasn't got a prayer card, let's see you raise your hand? Oh, my. All right. I'll tell you this. If you'll do this, if you will look this way to me... Do you believe me first? All over everywhere will you believe it's the truth? That's kind of a hard way for me to ask you to pop up here in this little hot room, and people standing, and children crying, and so forth, try to chop it off a message like this, but I proceed now, and let God testify. If I--if I told the truth, that God sent this to you people, not to me, it's to you...

L-61 There sets a man setting right back yonder now, that one of the best doctors there is in this country, told him a few days ago he had cancer through the liver. He's dying. He'd never raise. I just happen to see the man now. He was taken to Louisville to a very fine specialist by a man, a doctor here in the city who's a friend of mine, that said to do it. Took him over there, and my doctor friend called me up, said, "The man's going to die: cancer in the liver." And the man went down to two great institutions, and they both turned him down. And I love the man. He was converted in my meeting. And he was rubbing his hands. His wife was rubbing her hands and crying. And I was setting on the side of my bed, here a few mornings ago, and was going to do it, go away before daylight. And while I was setting there, I happened to look standing in front of me, and there stood a very green worm-eaten apple, knotty. And I thought, "Well, where..." And it was just so real, just like you look here. I reached out, and I seen it move. And I seen; I said... I knew it was a vision. And here come another one, and another one, and another one: five of them came. Then a great big apple came down from heaven and eat up those five knotty apples. And the Angel of the Lord spoke inside the room and He said, "This is concerning your Brother Hall." I said, "Brother Hall," went to him, said, "Don't you worry. You've had... How many--how many weeks you been sick, Brother Hall?" He said, "Five." I said, "But the time is coming for your deliverance." He was down to--wasn't it just like this picture here. And here he is setting in the building tonight, eating, going on his business, praising God. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." Hold up your hand, Brother Hall. There he is right there; that's the man. A few weeks ago... And, doctor, I seen you setting back there. There's a man who was going die the other day. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. He's quite worthy of all praises. Thank you, sir. That's a minister from Milltown, the same place where by vision...

L-62 I never heard of Milltown in my life. I was setting here with Mr. Wright, another man setting here. I was at my little church. Many of them was... I never heard of... I seen a vision. I heard a lamb crying, "Milltown, Milltown." I didn't know where it was at. I went to--went out, and Mr. Wright told me where it was at. And I went down there. I didn't know what to do. I'd bought a little old soap box and was going to preach on it on the street corner. The Lord told me, "Go up on the hill." And I went up there and there was a big Baptist church, which I belong to the Baptist church. And I said, "Well, anybody there?" "No," said, "there's some trouble come up and they hadn't used it for nothing." I said, "Lord, if You want me to go in that church, open the door." And the man came by in a few minutes and opened the door for me. Went in and started a meeting. Still I wondered. Mr. Hall came in that on the very first night and was converted. He's the pastor down there now.

L-63 Then I thought, "That's not the lamb." And a few days later, someone told me there was a lady down below the hill, 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min a little girl, that had got one of my books and was reading it, and she was dying: been in the bed for nine years and eight months. I went down there and had prayer for her; her and her mother. And look--listen to this: I went away, went on out, preached my revival. Two weeks or three weeks later, I come back and had another service. She wanted to be baptized. She hadn't been out of the bed. And I went home with Mr. Wright setting here, for dinner, after I'd had a baptismal service. She cried all day. She seen this Nail girl here; she may be here in the building tonight, from the Methodist church up at--at--I forget the name of the place up here above Salem. Crippled in her right ha--right foot and left hand; arthritis had drawed her up. She was healed instantly by a vision.

L-64 See, it's not what I do; it's what He showed me. I can't do nothing. What He tells me, I just go say it, and do it like He tells me. Here's my own mother laying here dying; I couldn't say nothing till He would tell me. See? How many understands now? It's not me; it's God. I can't do nothing till He tells me. And then, that's what the Angel of the Lord told me when He met me there at Green's Mill. Said--I said... He said, "You're to take the--this gift to the peoples of the world; and you'll be praying for kings and great men." Look at it. I said, "Oh, I'm uneducated, Sir." He was a Man, not just a shadow. He was a Man, weighed about two hundred pounds, had dark hair to His shoulders, and had His arms folded like that. Said, "You were born for this purpose." And I said, "Sir, they wouldn't believe me; I'm uneducated." He said, "As it was with the prophet Moses, He gave him two signs to a vindicate his ministry, so will you be given two signs." And said, "One of them, you'll take hold of the person's hands, and not you speak, but I'll speak through you and tell you what's wrong with the patient. The next thing, you'll go like--like our Master did, and tell them the things that they've done in their life that's hindered and caused, like our Master did." Well, that was hard for me to stand here before my friends in Jeffersonville, and around, and make that first statement.

L-65 But when Miss Margie Morgan there, the first one that come in, laying there so helpless, cancer eat her up, and they give her radio x-ray treatments, and the doctor said the cancer wrapped around her intestines like the root around of a tree--wrapped around. And there she was laying there. And I walked down, took ahold of her hand, and I turned it loose. I looked at her, and the Spirit of the Lord came down, and told her she'd live, and there she is. That's just one of the thousands: people out of the insane institution and so forth. He promised it. He'll do it. He's God. And down there at Milltown that day, I went on out to Mr. Wright's to eat supper. Here he sets, right here. And he... I said, "Brother Wright, I must go up on the hill to pray." And I went up--up there and knelt down in the bushes, and I was praying, and stickers sticking me. It seemed like I couldn't quit praying. I heard the dinner bell ring, and I know that Mother Wright wanted us to come. I just kept on praying and praying. I said, "Lord, what do You want me to do?" And all at once, here come that Light, came right down through a dogwood bush, shined right down on me; and I heard a voice say, "Go by the way of Carters." That was enough.

L-66 They had parties out hunting for me. And I jumped across the fence, running towards my car, and it--landed right in the arms of Mr. George Wright, standing there. And him and Mr. Brace, a man from Texas, had just come up. And his wife had been healed. They want... They said, "Do you mean to tell me that Georgie Carter will be healed?" Why, her little limbs was like a broom stick, up here around her hips. I said, "She'll be healed in the next thirty minutes. If it isn't so, then brand me a false prophet and say I don't know what I'm talking about." We got in the car. The same time, her mother had got so seriously. Her little girl had been crying. She'd laid there and set there by her daughter for nine years and eight months till she'd turned gray. And so she went in, was praying in the room and asking God what had happen, that I'd come through the country and made that statement to the girl, and--or the girl was all upset and so forth. And she claimed she seen a vision of somebody coming; she thought it was her daughter, next door, coming down. She looked and it was Jesus standing there, a shadow on the wall. He said, "Who's this a coming?" And she seen me get out of the car with this same Bible over my heart, and she could see all my hair being thin there, and knew it was me coming, said, "Who's this?" And she jumped up to run and to tell Georgie about it, and no sooner she got in the room, the door closed, and I was walking out into the car. God's works on both ends of the line. He's always on time. 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min

L-67 I walked into the room under the anointing of the Holy Spirit...?... down there back yonder where the girl was, put my hands upon her. I said, "Georgie, even Jesus Christ Who you love has appeared to me, back yonder, of--of--by Mr. Wright's, and told me, come lay hands on you and you'd be well. Rise up in the Name of the Lord Jesus. And without even enough strength to... They couldn't even put a bedpan under the girl; they had to use a draw sheet for years. There's her mother. That's right. And she was in such a condition, and there they'd showed me her bed the other day when I was down there, all the paint rubbed off of it where she'd hold her hands and cry and pray like that holding it, rubbing it, that... And she couldn't even get her hands back down. When she'd go to cough, she'd go, "[Brother Branham illustrates--Ed.]" in the sputamin cup, when her mother would hold it up.

L-68 Walked up there under the anointing of the Holy Spirit and pronounced that girl healed. And in the Name of the Lord Jesus, she rose up from there, and went out, and set down, and blessed the grass and the trees, and played the piano. And there she sets tonight as a perfect witness. And God, Who I stand before now, and will judge me at the great day, when I stand before every one of you, knows the hundreds times hundreds of those cases has happened, and there's never been one of them failed yet. And it shall not fail tonight. God won't let me down when I'm standing here before my people where I've been raised. I know He'll be here to meet me. That's right. Is that testimony true, Mrs. Carter, wherever you are? If you'll raise your hand, wherever you are. That--that's it; raise your hand. That... Mr. Wright, is that testimony true? Yeah. Any where, friends? It could be the thousands.

L-69 Now, look. People come. I'll slip away now to pray for a few moments. I want you... How many people's got your prayer cards? I believe it's--my boy said they had O's. There's a hundred of them. Let the first fifteen or twenty line up down here and come across the stage, and according to your number. Number 1, number 2, number 3, number 4, we'll just take... 'Cause you can't put too much standing room. Who's got prayer card number 1 raise your hand. Number 1? Prayer card number 1, raise your hand. Prayer card number 2, raise your hand. Number 3, number 4, number 5, just line up down here like that, right--right across the end of this line down here, while the piano plays, "Only Believe," if you will. And let's all, for a change of posture, let's stand now and sing, "Only Believe," while you line up according to your number; that's the first group. Then we'll get another group just in a moment. All right come [The congregation sings "Only Believe."--Ed.]

L-70 Thank you. While we bow our heads now, if you will, for a word of prayer. Our heavenly Father, we thank Thee for this amazing grace; for Christ Who died for us in our stead, an innocent One for we guilty sinners. We're unworthy to come to You tonight, Father, and ask You these kind things that we're going to ask. God, don't look upon our iniquity. Look at the stripes on the Son of God's back. He was striped for our healing. We do not come in our righteousness, for we have none to offer, but we come as believers, witnesses of His in this last day. We thank Thee for all that You've done for humanity; for hospitals, and for doctors, and nurses, and the many great aids that You've give us. Lord, we thank Thee. And, Father, may yonder in the laboratories and around, may soon find something to aid cancer and heart trouble and these great things that's taking so many of the people. We pray for them, Lord.

L-71 Now tonight, here is dying people. I--I--I don't know what to say, Lord, and here's... You said in Your Word that a prophet in his own country was without honor. Lord, will You just brush it back a little bit tonight for me? And may the Angel of God, Who's fed me all the days of my life, and helped me when I was a little old boy, running around here with one of my dad's shoes on and my mother's... Going to school and no clothes... I love You. 'Fore going to dark lands, yonder in Africa, will You come to Your servant tonight and anoint, Lord, for the service? Thou knowest that I give all praise to Thee. It's not I, Lord, but It's Thee, as Thy representative. And now, as Thou has met in others countries and around, here they lay tonight, Lord, paralyzed, laying here on stretchers and cots, and setting in chairs. They're out there with heart trouble, cancer, TB, I guess, and all kinds of diseases. I do not know one of them. Thou knowest all of them. Father, I realize that Jesus paid the great price at Calvary. Now, will You send the Angel of God upon Your servant, that I might be able through a vision to see these people that would encourage them to believe on the Lord and be 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min healed. Grant it, Lord. Bless them altogether now. And I'm going to wait on You. I know You're here. You said a sparrow can't fall without You know about it. And You're so sensitive to even know a sparrow that falls and every one that falls. How much more You're sensitive to these poor crippled suffering, bed-bound people laying here. Be merciful, Almighty God, and help me now. If I spoke of You, You speak of me, Lord, that I told the truth, will You, Father? And confirm it with signs and wonders; for we ask it in the Name of Thy beloved Child, Jesus. Amen. May be seated.

L-72 When I think of His goodness and His mercy... Now, friend, I'm going to ask you something very seriously (That's right, "Only Believe."), seriously as I can... Now, if... Now, I haven't time to explain all these things; our time won't permit. There's things that go with it that no man knows; that's between God and I. But here's one thing that I do know: diseases are backed by demonology. If you don't know what I mean... Like Jesus, when a man was deaf and dumb, the doctors say, "Now, his vocal chords are dead." Said, "What killed it? Why didn't it kill all over his body?" Jesus said, "When the deaf and dumb spirit came out of the man, he could speak and hear." "Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. He that believeth not shall be damned; these signs shall follow them that believe." Is that right? "They lay your hands on the sick; they shall recover. In My Name they shall cast out devils."

L-73 Now, if you're here and a critic... If you're a critic, remember, dear friend, if I was in your place, I'd have Him save me from that, for be it assured to you, that they go from one to another. Now, that's right. That's Scriptural and it happened here a few nights ago. I was speaking. I had a little baby and the epilepsy wouldn't leave it. Epilepsy's a devil. Look at Jesus, when they come up there, and they brought this boy had epilepsy. He said, "He has a devil, and oft time he falls in the fire and so forth like that," and Jesus rebuked the devil, and the boy's fainting fell away, raised up well. Look at those boys who thought they seen Paul casting out devils, doing these kind of works, and they thought they could do it too. So they went down (Acts 19), and they told a man who had epilepsy, called that devil, said, "We adjure thee by Jesus, who Paul preaches, come out." The devil said, "Jesus I know, and Paul I know, but who are you?" And they took epilepsy themselves. You have to know what you're talking about. See? And this is no way at all.

L-74 A few nights ago when they hired in a big city, a hypnotizer to come hypnotize me. They go around these army camps and make boys bark like dogs. You've heard of it. And I was setting before, about, around twelve thousand people. And I kept feeling a funny spirit when the anointing was on, "There's a man setting there gazing up at me like that." And I looked around again, and I seen a bunch of boys, them hiring to do that. I said, "Why has the devil put in your heart to do that?" And before the man left the building, he was paralyzed, and is paralyzed yet tonight. See? I was trying to get the epilepsy to leave this little child; there's a minister setting back there with his group of people: twenty-eight of them, that wouldn't believe and didn't believe in Divine healing. And I couldn't get it to leave the child. I said, "Somebody isn't believing." I looked back; I said, "It's the man setting there with the gray suit on, and that bunch of people with him." And I said, "Keep your head down, sir." And he said, "I don't have to." I said, "You're a...?..." I said, "Father, don't hold this poor little innocent child guilty for that person. Satan, come out and you're at large." And twenty-eight people fell on the floor with epilepsy right there. That's true. See? It's not playing church, friends. If you don't understand, be reverent. Now, remember, you are wrong...?...

L-75 If you're reverent, whatever I tell you to do, you do it, but don't move around while the buildings--while--while the service is going on. I'll give a interviews every few minutes while the boys take me back or something. Now, when the anointing comes on, I want you to understand this. If you see me acting strange, I'm in a subconscious condition. It's when that anointing comes down, it's something else speaking, not me. Let every man know that assuredly. Now, be just as reverent. Keep your children close to you. Keep just as quiet as you can now, while we pray.

L-76 Now, Father, please. I pray in the Name of Thy Son, Jesus, that You will come now to Thy humble servant and will help me, Almighty God, to do Thy will. Now, come near to me, Father, and anoint Thy servant and pack me from this--this sense bound existence into the spheres where You live. And may this be done through Jesus Christ's Name, 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min that I might know the diseases and the thoughts of the people's mind. And You said, "These things that I do, shall you also, for I go to My Father. A little while and the world seeth Me no more, yet you'll see Me; for I'll be with you, even in you to the end of the age." I believe You, Lord. Now, come, Lord. Take me away and put Yourself in, that the works of God might be done here in this city. Remember when You went to Your city, they said, "We heard Him do these things over somewhere else. Let us see Him do them here." And He marveled at their unbelief. They said, "Who is this, the carpenter's son?" Then You said, "A prophet's not without honor except in His own country." But, Father, these people here love me. They believe. And help tonight, for I ask it in the Name of Thy Son, Jesus. Amen.

L-77 Now, if they will, just let the organ and the--if you will, constantly play slow. Now, to you people out in this a way that's sick, bound, and afflicted, without your prayer cards or so forth, now, you look here. And you look this way and believe with all your heart, and accept the story I told you. Pray to the Father like this: "Lord Jesus, I know that You promised these things in the last days. Here is our brother. We been raised with him. And we know he's just a man, just a poor illiterate boy, but we believe that You're dealing with him, and I believe he told the truth. Now, if he has told the truth, You speak to him and have him to call me and tell me what's wrong with me and what I--so forth, anything that might hinder." And ask that, and watch the Holy Spirit move out over the audience then, everywhere there is in the building. He'll do it. And then, if you're a doubter and unbeliever, watch It do you the same way.

L-78 All right. Now, be reverent, and be in prayer as you can. And bring the dear patient. Come, lady...?... Did you check these cards here, everybody? You wasn't in them numbers there, lady? Do you not get farther up the line? Look. Tell you what you all do: You start praying and believing. Will you do it? Will you there pray and believe? Will you do what I ask? Will you two ladies here, and you there, and you there, you just pray now and ask, say, "Lord, You help me." And if God will speak and help you, lady, you'll believe Him, won't you, on the stretcher, and you here on the stretcher? You all, you'll believe with all your heart? The little girl here...

L-79 Ladies, I don't know none of you. I've never seen you in my life, as I know of. You're all strangers to me. And back out there, you that didn't have prayer cards and so forth, I don't know you. I don't know of one person here. I believe I know this lady setting there. I believe she's from Tennessee. I believe you was healed, or whatever, your little girl or something in the meeting one time, wasn't it? I recognized her. And down--down through that line there, I don't recognize anyone. I know this lady setting here; she's a nurse...?... That's right. You're with her. All right. All right, sir. Now, I believe that's it. Now, up in the galleries and balconies, rather, just have faith and believe. Now, believe with all your heart. Just let everything drop aside. Just say, "Now, I'm going to lay everything back, and I'm going to watch."

L-80 Now, if I've told the truth, our heavenly Father will speak it though me. If I tell not the truth, He'll have nothing to do with me. Is that fair? That's fair. Now, let the heavenly Father, Who I pray in His Name, that He'll come and confirm what I've said to be the truth. I'm just a little short, and now, the microphone to me. I don't know when I--where I'm at when I'm doing this so many times, when It comes upon me. How many knows that that's Scriptural? Why, Daniel saw one vision; he was troubled at his head for many days. Is that right? And Jesus, when a woman touched His garment, He said, "I perceive that virtue has gone from Me." Got so weak, He laid in the back of a boat and didn't even know the storm was on. Now, be reverent.

L-81 Now, you're the patient, aren't you, lady? All right. Now, I'm--just want to talk. Can you hear my voice, back there now, to where I'm at? All right. Now, be reverent, every one. Now, I believe you're a stranger to me, lady. I don't--don't know you. And I--I've never seen you in my life. Well then, we're perfect strangers tonight. Now, of course, you feeled a real odd feeling. Now, that's nothing to hurt you. That's just the anointing that's coming on me. And--and you're believing me. See? You believe me, because I can feel it welcoming (You see?), and I know that you are a believer. Now, that won't hurt you; It's to--It's to heal you, to make you well. 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min Now, if there's anything in your life, or concerning you, that--that I don't--I would know--have no way of knowing it, 'less it be revealed to me through the Spirit. Is that right? Has to be a supernatural One. Now, if we are strangers, hold up your hand there, so the people will see. We don't know... And the only thing that you know now, that there's a real, kind of a sacred, calm feeling here: It--it--it--it kind of satisfied feeling. If that's true, so the people can see, rai...? Right.

L-82 Now, what it is, audience, It's moving down just now, the Lord Jesus, the Spirit that was upon Him. And my body is becoming moved out now (See?), or my life. Now, it looks milky around over the audience. See? Now, I don't whether I can talk to you much longer or not. Now, it's for the sister. Now, I want you to understand, lady, that's it's truly just the Spirit of the Lord. And now, Jesus when He stood, it was the same thing, the same way, the same operation. And it's not me. He said, "The world won't see Me after a little while, but you'll see Me; for I'll be with you, even in you, to the end of the world."

L-83 Now, what I'm trying to do now, is just get a contact of your spirit. See? You're human. And the woman at the well, He talked to her; said, "Go, get Me a drink," just to get a conversation. Then He told her just exactly what was the matter with her. Is that right? Now, if His Spirit is here tonight, It can do you the same way. Is that right? Now, isn't He lovely? Wonderful Christ, isn't He? I've loved Him, lady, with all my heart. I love Him now. And I done--know as I go into the dark lands there, I'll be under witchcraft and wizards, and--but I know Who I have believed, and I'm persuaded He's able to keep that which I've committed to Him against the day. Yes, ma'am. Now, I see, standing before you, you're--just been under an operation, haven't you? You've had an operation some time ago. Been years ago; it was for a tumor. And that tumor was on the face, now I believe. Is that right? I see the surgeons when they're performing the operation. That tumor's come back again. Isn't that right? Is that true? All right, you're healed now; you can go off the platform and be made well. God bless you, sister. Another thing, I noticed in there, you've been praying, haven't you? And you've never--and in your life, you haven't had a satisfaction to live just like you've always wanted to live. Is that right? That's going to be granted to you, sister. And you go on; you're going to be all right. I seen you praying, and I knew; you was praying by a chair, and that... God bless you, you go now. Let's say, "Praise be to God." It's left her. You can look at her. She's all right then. She's well.

L-84 Oh, my, bless her little heart; bring her. Come, sweetheart. Did she have a prayer card? Hi there, honey. The mother? Don't weep, mother. I want you to look this way to me. Do you believe me as His prophet, as God's prophet? I'm a stranger to you; I don't know the baby; I've never seen her. But that baby has a heart trouble. Isn't that right? It was born with a heart trouble. It was born in that condition. Is that right? I heard a doctor say that, that it was. Now, you've prayed. And when you heard that I was going to have this meeting, you said, "If I can get it to Brother Branham, and he'll pray for it, it'll get well." Isn't that right? I'm not reading your mind. But I'm telling you what you did. Is that right? All right, bring the baby to me. Almighty God, the Author of Life, and the Giver of every good gift, I bless this child in the Name of Thy Son, Jesus, to in--firm the faith of this mother; may the child live and be well. In the Name of Jesus Christ, I ask this heart trouble to leave the baby. Amen. Don't worry about your child. Your child will be all right. Take it off now. Let's say, "Thanks be to God Who gives us victory through our Lord Jesus Christ, brought Him again from the dead." Now, He's here to heal and to make well.

L-85 Now, all right, bring the lady here. All right. Every one reverent. Now, if you'll notice, audience, the expression on the people's face as they begin to draw near the platform. See what it is? If you could only feel just what this is now. How many of you seen the picture of It, where they took it? Let's see your hands up like this. Where George J. Lacy, and the FBI, and all of them examined it. It's near us right here now. That's what's the matter with the lady. She feels that. Now, there's something wrong with her. I feel it moving against me (See?), just like a dark cloud going, "Whewww, whewww, whewww." [Brother Branham makes a blowing sound--Ed.] Now, what it is, I do not know. Now, I just want you to look this way, just a moment, lady. Now, try to be just as calm as you can. See? And... Now, we're strangers, I believe. I don't know you. I don't--I don't believe I ever seen you. Well, then we'd be--we'd be 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min perfectly total strangers then. [The lady speaks to Brother Branham--Ed.] Yes. Now, there's nothing here that will hurt you, lady. Now, you--I want you to look this way to me. Just look to me and believe with all your heart you're going to be healed. Do you believe? All right.

L-86 If--if I know anything wrong with you, it'll have to come from our heavenly Father. Is that right? Now, you just be reverent. 'Course, I see you're coughing, but that's just a tickling in your throat. Now, that isn't your trouble. I see you as... Oh, yes, you've just had surge--No, you've just been examined, and you've--you got cancer. And the cancer is located on the womb. The doctor told you there's nothing can be done for it. And now it--there's only one hope that you have, and that is in Christ Jesus. Is that right? Are those things true, what was said? Then do you believe if I ask Him, you'll get well? You'll be as Miss Morgan and them? Would you bow your head, audience? Our heavenly Father, we thank Thee for Thy mercy. And I pray Thee to bless this woman, who I bless in Thy Name. And may, now, Your Spirit come upon her. She wants to live. And I ask for this blessing. And may this hideous demon of cancer leave the woman; in the Name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God. Amen. God bless you, sister. Now, go testifying of your healing, and praise Him with all your heart.

L-87 All right, bring the lady. Howdy do, lady? Do you believe with all your heart? You are... You have real strange feelings, don't you? Especially, in the late part of the afternoon. I see you getting kind of a leery, weary-like feelings. You're nervous, is what's the matter with you. It's due to the time of menopause. It's the changing time of life. You get real weary thoughts. A few days ago, when you heard of this meeting, you told God that if you'd get--let you get up, you'd be prayed for, and you'd be healed. Isn't that right? And you're taking some kind of a shots for that, aren't you, sister? Yes, I see you're taking; I see them give it to you in the... Isn't that right? Come here. Do you believe me as God's prophet? Have I told you the truth? And you believe that comes from God? Well, if I told you what was truth, then by the Spirit of God, I tell you what's truth now. You go out of here; be real happy. You're going to be well, for Christ has blessed you, and you're going out to be well. God bless you, sister. Yes, ma'am. Could we say, "Thanks be to God." That might not seem very much to you, but what if that was you? Have faith in God. Believe Him with all your heart and God will bring it to pass.

L-88 All right, the lady? Howdy do, lady? I believe we're strangers too, aren't we? Where was... What service were you in? In Louisville. You was at the Male High School Auditorium. Yes. We have right nice service, the best of my memory. You couldn't get a prayer card. But there--then when you got this prayer card, how happy you felt. You... Saying in your prayers, if you could get in the prayer line, God would make you well. You're wondering now what I'm going to say. You're suffering with a heart trouble. Isn't that right? You have a heart trouble; it's enlarged heart. Then you also--you... Don't you have a gallbladder trouble too, isn't there kinda... Don't you have stones in the gallbladder? Is that right? Go on your way and be well, sister; in the Name of the Lord Jesus, may He grant this. Let's say, "Praise be to our Lord." That might seem very strange to you, but that's the same thing that Congressman Upshaw, when he was an invalid for sixty-six years, was made whole. He's here. His Presence is here now. He knows all things, and He can do all things.

L-89 Do you believe that, lady? You do? You believe it, lady? You believe with all your heart, do you? What about in here? I want you to pray now. Keep praying. Believe with all your heart. All right, lady, come. Now, every one real reverent. I trust to God, we could get down in this cripple line, just in a little bit. Howdy do, lady? Do you believe with all your heart? You believe? You believe that God will make you well? You'd like to get over that asthma condition, wouldn't you? Yes. Wouldn't like... Go, as you have believed, it will be to you. And may God bless you. That was really... Now, just a moment. Every one real reverent now. Every one reverent. Let the lady, come.

L-90 Someone right in here is praying. Seems like something just pulls you. It's getting weak. Howdy do, lady? I perceive that you're a believer. Now, that lovely feeling... If our Lord Jesus was here, He could tell you what was wrong with you. He could help you, could He? Well then, if He was--if He was standing here, He--only 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min thing He could do would be to tell you what was wrong with you or--or your hindrance with something. Isn't that right? See? He could--He's already made the atonement for your healing. Now, look this a way, just a moment. Would you like to be free from that nervousness? You would? Raise up your hand like this, say, "Thank You, Lord." Now, go on your road and be well in the Name of the Lord Jesus. God bless you, sister.

L-91 Let's say, "Praise the Lord." Do you love Him? He is here now. Sister, stop worrying about your boy, back there. He's going to get all right. Little boy that was run over, he's going to be all right. Father backed over the child. See? All right, just have no fear now. He's going to be all right. Every one reverent. All right, come, lady. Do you believe me to be God's servant? You do? Do you believe that the--Jesus that bore the cross of Calvary stands present now and here at the platform to make you well? You do? Been failing for a while, haven't you? Yes, ma'am. All right, you'd like to get over that asthma that you have. Come here just a moment. Father, I bless this woman in the Name of Thy Son, Jesus, that she's made well. Grant this kind blessing, in the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen. All right, lady, don't fear no more. Go on your road and be happy. Christ makes you whole.

L-92 Let's say "Praise the Lord." You love Him with all your heart now? You feel a lot different now, don't you? See, that nervousness has left you, that tension. Now, many times they say nervousness, "Get next to yourself." See? That isn't to be done. It's something that causes that. Now, when you're standing here awhile ago, it was like a black cloud come floating up against me, going, 'Whewww, whewww. [Brother Branham makes a blowing sound--Ed.]." Now it's gone from you. You're all right now. Now, go and the peace of God be upon you, 'cause you're going to be well. All right, every one reverent and bring the baby. Howdy do, mother? Mercy, look at the baby. You're very sick, aren't you? Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. You believe He'll make you well. Is he hearing? Which ear was it in, lady? Do you believe it with all your heart? Come here, just a moment. Merciful, heavenly Father, I come in the Name of Thy Son, Jesus, as Your servant, asking for the deliverance of this woman. Grant it, Almighty God. May she go from here tonight, a normal, well person, in the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You understand me all right now? Hear me do that? How long have you been that way? You're all right now? Can you hear all right. It's all gone. You're healed now. You can go on your road rejoicing. God bless you, sister. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." The little woman... Yes. All right. Everybody be reverent.

L-93 All right, come, lady. Amen. Do not fear. Only have faith. Our Lord is here to make you well. You're--you're very fearful though. There's something wrong. I don't... Yes, I do: cancer. You know that? You're scared it's going to take you. Have faith in God. You're in His Presence now, sister. The only thing that can ever help you--can ever do you any good, you're standing near It now; not I, your brother; but this that you know It's present by you. You're conscious of that, aren't you? You know that there's something there. All right, come here just a moment. I want to show you something. I want you to look at my hand. Looks just like an ordinary man's hand, doesn't it? I want to show you the effects of a cancer. Lay your hand in here on mine. Now, look at there. See those little white things running across my hand? I would call that a vibration of cancer. Want the audience to look at that. Now, watch here. I'll take my hand off. Look at my hand now. See? I put my hand on it. Put this other hand over here on it, sister. Come here, Billy. I know there's nothing wrong with you. Touch my boy's hand here. I'm going to put--look at my hand now; just normal like any other man. Is that right? Now, watch here. I'll put my hand on. Now, put your left hand on it. Now, change your hands, sister. Now, put this hand on. Now, looky there. See what I mean? Now, there's something that you know that's there. Now, I believe in the vision told you what it was: cancer.

L-94 Now, see, in you is a--is a--a power. In other words, it's a growth, a living. Now, when you were born, you were just a little germ in the womb of your mother. And you begin to delop--develop cells, come forth to a child, and you're where you are now: a multiplication of cells. Is that right? Now, there's something else in there that's got a multiplication of cells, which is called cancer. It's got a life, a different life from yours. It's in you, eating you up. Now, that life in there, and me being anointed, and you're... You know that there's something going on, don't you? Now, watch here when you put your hand on there, watch the results of that. Now, Jesus said in the Bible here, "They shall lay hands on the sick." Is that right? That's what He means. Now, see it? Now, when I move your hands, move it off. 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min Watch here. I put my hand on; there's no different. Now, audience, you see that. Now, I can't make it leave the woman. I know what she has. Now, there's a life in there; a growth, malignant. It's going to take her life, if something is... Now, the only thing could happen would be like, if you would take her life out of her, her body would drop down here dead. It'd still be here, but it would be--it wouldn't be active. But she'd finally decay and go away. Now, if that life goes out of the cancer, the cancer dies. The woman will be all right for about seventy-two hours, then when the cancer begins to decay, or rot, then corruption sets in, and the cancer's laying in her. The growth's dead, like a tumor or something, and a wad of flesh. And then the heart stream--or the bloodstream picks it up and makes her have fever and sick for about twenty-four hours, something like that, maybe a little longer. And then she gets all right.

L-95 But now, watch here. The Bible said, "In the mouth of two or three witnesses, let every word be established. Is that right? How many says that's Scripture? All right. The woman's a stranger to me. I don't remember what was told her, 'cause it--I didn't--don't... But I know it was cancer. But what I said was the truth, wasn't it? Now, you're a stranger and we're both human. And you come here, and you lay your hand on mine. Now, first thing, there's one witness; that is, that It told you what was wrong or what was done, or... That was right, wasn't it? That's one witness. There's another witness that there's something physically taking place, that you can see with your own eyes. Look. See them little, like a warts running over my hand. See? Say, female disorder also. Isn't that right? You've had that for some time. Uh-huh. I never seen you in my life and how would I know that? You know there's a supernatural Something, anointing here, isn't it? Now, if I should take that--if it should leave you, that would stop. If it doesn't, I--I can't make it go. But do you believe me? Do you accept me as God's prophet, Jesus Christ as your Healer? You do that? And believe that I told you the truth?

L-96 Let us pray. Now, audience. Now, this is one--a stubborn case of cancer. Whether it will leave her or not, I do not know. I want her to watch; I want your eyes open, watching my hand. May I lay--I want you to notice, lady. It isn't as somebody out there is thinking. Don't think this is mental telepathy. It is not. Now, you get that out of your mind (See?), 'cause it's not. Mental telepathy show something like this? You say, "You're reading the woman's mind." That's right, but I'm no mind reader. Jesus Christ read the people's minds. Is that right? He perceived their thoughts. But Jesus said... Did you ever see a mind reader preaching the Gospel? A doing any... You seen the little old sign setting out here on the street, charging people to deceive them; but Jesus said, "By their fruits you shall know them." A corrupt tree cannot bring forth good fruit, neither can a good tree bring forth corrupt fruit. Is that right? And it's not mental telepathy, certainly is not. See?

L-97 Now, as I say it, lady. See you can't... You see it's not the position you--your hand's in, it's everywhere. See? But I want you to watch my hand. If it leaves, I want you to believe. If it leaves, all right. If it doesn't, you're... Only thing I know, sister, is make peace--keep peace with God, go to meet Him in peace. If it leaves you, you're get well. Now, it's your faith in God that determines it. But I shall help as way of praying and see if it would leave you, that would encourage you. See? But it would merely come again if you disbelieve. You've got to believe. Just like in salvation, you got to believe you're saved, and act upon it. But now, every one bow your head. And if anyone setting here is hard of hearing, you tell them to keep their head down during this time, and do not raise their head till I call you. I want you, lady, the patient, to watch. You're the one that has the cancer. Our heavenly Father, Thou knowest all things and know that I'm not here trying to make a public show to display Your Divine gifts. But my heart is thrilled tonight to know that here in this city that Your--Your Spirit has anointed Your servant to see and to know of these things. And here sets my people, my brothers, my mother, many of my loved ones who's setting here. O God, how I thank Thee that Thou art ever near. And now, this lady has come with a cancer, a hideous demon called in the medical name: cancer. You would call it a demon, which it is, a tormentor of her body. Knowing that life is just a little while for her, except Thou will help her. I pray Thee to be merciful. I've ask now that this woman here might see and show the physical results, and how my arm is stiffening and dying, feels like it's--it's asleep or something, of where the power of that enemy that's sent to take her 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min life. God have mercy. Thou spirit of Satan, who's bound the woman, in the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ, leave her. Come out from her.

L-98 Now, every one with your head bowed; I haven't opened my eyes, but, lady, it hasn't changed, has it? It's just the same as it was. The cancer's still there, hidden. Now, you have faith now. Let's pray. Every one bow your head now and keep in prayer. And you watch. Father, please, if I have did wrong, may You forgive me. And this enemy is trying to hold her life. And dear God, standing up yonder, You the Spirit Who came to me that night in that room and told me to go do these things, and You'd be with me, You have blessed it, Lord, and have proven it to be true. And now, Lord, I come humbly in Your Name to ask this blessing. And I just don't... Won't You, Father, please don't hold it against me to try like this would be a public show, but, Lord, bless this dear woman and give her this great witness, as she's watching my hand, reverently, knowing that her life is just a few days more unless Thou will help her. And she'll go home encouraged and be made well. Bless Thy servant, Lord. I testified of You. Now, You have said, "In My Name they shall cast out devils." Help me as I go forward in the duel of faith to challenge this great hideous demon that's taken her life. Thou demon called cancer, I come in the representative Name of Jesus Christ that died at Calvary. I charge thee by His death, claiming a gift of Divine healing that was ministered to me by an Angel, that you're aware of, come out of the woman; in the Name of Jesus Christ, leave her. Now, keep your head bowed everywhere.

L-99 Now, lady, before I open my eyes, something happened then, didn't it? You can raise your head every one 'fore I do. Something's happening. It... You're healed, lady; you know when it left you. Go home now; you're going to be well. God bless you. Let's just say, "Thanks be to God." "Thanks be to God." Now, bring the lady here again just a moment, if you will, so that... Come here, sister. I want the audience here to see my hand now. Come right back around this way to see what's happened to you. Now, awhile ago when I'd take a hold of your hand, well, big white whelps would run across my hand. Look at it now. Do you see? Now, something's happened, hasn't it? What's happened? You're hea--you're healed. Go home; be well now, sister; your faith has made you whole. Let's say, "Praise be to God." The Bible said, "The people praised God for such wonderful..." That's not me; that's the Lord Jesus, your Saviour. He's here at the platform. The very same act that was in the Scripture is being done right here. Believest thou this? All right. Have faith.

L-100 All right. Come, lady. Howdy do? Very kind looking person, I perceive a Christian. How would I know you were a Christian? You remember, the Spirit was upon our Lord, that when Philip come to Him He said, "Behold, an Israelite, indeed, in whom there's no guile." Mother... He said, "Whence knowest Thou me?" He said, "When, you were under the tree." And I knowed you when they told you you had heart trouble. Isn't that right? Now, go and be well in the Name of the Lord Jesus. God will bless you. You're going to be... Let's say, "Praise the Lord." Let's hear this audience say, "Praise the Lord." Praise the Lord. That sounds good. All right. Come now, bring the lady, if you will. Howdy do, sister? You and I are perfect strangers, aren't we? I do not know you. I want to speak to you just a moment, something; I see it moving before me. You have a female trouble, caused a burning (Is that right?) of the...?... seen you in a room...?... That right? Those things are true? [Brother Branham speaks to her privately--Ed.] That right? Now, nobody at all would see that, only Almighty God. Is that right? Raise your hand if that's true. Only Almighty God would know that, a what was told the lady just now. And I seen her, what she was doing and told it now. Is that right, lady? All right. You're healed. You have believed. You can go and be made well...?... Let's say, "Thanks be to our Lord Jesus," every one now. Amen. Have faith in God; God will bring it to pass. You believe? Our Lord Jesus is here now.

L-101 Friends, I'm afraid you're not conscious of what's going on. The very God of eternity; the God Who made the heavens and earth; the God that was upon our Lord Jesus, brought Him from the dead, anointed Him and He went about doing good; is here in this auditorium in Jeffersonville, Indiana, tonight. He's here now. Be reverent; believe with all your heart. 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min All right, bring the lady. Every one real reverent. All right, come. You're the--you're the lady, aren't you, sis? All right, come here just a moment. Howdy do, sister? A believer, well aware of where you're standing now. Now, That will not hurt you. See? That's to do you good. Now, there's something wrong with you. You are... I see you crossing a street. And you're getting down kindly slow. You have on a light looking dress and you lean back. It's arthritis, isn't it, or some...? Is that right? Arthritis? You get out of the bed of a morning; I seen you kindy move slowly, don't you? 'Cause you can't hardly get up. But you have believed. You accept me as God's prophet? Raise up your hands in the name of the Lord. Stomp your feet up and down. The arthritis leaves you; go off the platform; here is your pock--pocketbook. Saying, thank the Lord, and go ahead off, and praise Him. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." like this, everybody give God praise. All right. Have faith.

L-102 Come, lady. Howdy do, lady? You're trying to believe, aren't you, lady? Now, have faith. I know what's wrong with you, but if you'd just get a little more faith, you'll be able to get up from there and go home. See? Now, have faith. Howdy do, lady? You're the one that's come here, the patient? I... Don't think it strange... I see a table coming before me. It's got food on it, and you're refusing it. You have stomach trouble which is caused by an acid condition, a peptic which is in the stomach caused from a nervous condition, causing your food to sour, and have acid in your stomach, and so forth. You believe me as God's prophet? Is that true? You... Is that right? You believe me as His prophet? Go home and eat what you want to; Jesus Christ makes you whole. Amen. Yes. God bless you, lady. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." All right, bring--bring the lady here. Have faith in God. Don't doubt. Howdy do, sister? Do you believe that--me as God's servant? If I am able to know your life by the Spirit of God, then I--I be God's servant. You believe that? You also are suffering with a stomach trouble. You have a female disorder too, don't you? Isn't that right? What do you think happened then? You were healed; go off the platform; be made well in the Name of the Lord Jesus. Don't you doubt or fear any more. Just go believing. You believe with all your heart? How many of you believe out there?

L-103 Poor old colored lady here, laying on a stretcher, holding her hand up... You believe, auntie? With all your heart? You believe I be God's servant? Remember, nineteen hundred years ago, coming dragging down through the streets of Jerusalem, come a old rugged cross, dragging out the bloody footprints of the Bearer. On His road up to Calvary, His little frail body fell under the load that Simon, the Cyrene, came by and helped Him bear the cross. He knows what's wrong with you. You believe it? You accept me as God's prophet? You believe that I tell the truth? You're setting with a heart condition. Isn't that right? You believe with all of your heart? If you do, rise up, pick up what you're on, go on home. Rise up. Don't doubt. Raise up now. There you have it in the Name of the Lord. What about you, lady, laying on this stretcher here? Do you believe with all your heart? Lady, laying here on the stretcher here, what do you think? Do you believe with all your heart? You believe I be God's prophet? You accept me as God's prophet? Do what I tell you? You're in a dying condition with cancer. Is that right? In the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ, rise to your feet, and He'll give you strength, and you can take your cot and go home. You believe it? Rise up. Raise her up out of the bed. You have faith. All right. There she comes. All right. Undertaker can come get the stretcher whatever it is.

L-104 What do you think of it, the other lady? Laying on that stretcher, do you believe me as God's prophet? You accept me so? If I'm able to tell you what's wrong with you, you'll believe me? Gallbladder condition is about to get you. Isn't that right? You accept me as His servant? You believe what I tell you is the truth? Then, in the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ rise up out of that stretcher and go home. Stand up on your feet. Get up, don't doubt nothing. That's right; give her a hand there, some of you ushers. All right, believe. Look this way, every one of you. Here. All right, lady. Look right this way, every one of you. Be reverent while they're getting up. Looky here. Do you believe back there? Some of you pray. What do you say, lady? You setting there, setting there crying and praying, tears running. You believe me to be God's prophet? You're suffering with a nervous condition. Is that right? Raise up just a minute. I see a vision going by you. Something's happening. Here, you was in an accident not long ago. Is that right? An automobile accident. Is that true, raise your hand. Accept Jesus Christ Who's made you whole. Go home and be made well. Do all of you believe? Are you ready? Raise up your hands now. 51-0923, The Principles Of Divine Healing, Jeffersonville High School, Jeffersonville, IN, 123 min Our heavenly Father, we ask You now, in the Name Your Son Jesus Christ, to heal every person that's in Divine Presence just now, that they'll be made altogether whole. Satan, leave this congregation. Come out of every person in here...?... Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ At Thy Word
