Date: 1954-04-04
Title: God Has A Provided Way
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Memorial Auditorium
Location: Louisville
Duration: KY, 113 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 54-0404E

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 Good evening, friends. It's a great privilege to be here tonight in this auditorium to minister to God's children, to the sick and the afflicted, and to minister to the unsaved in the way of salvation. And we're sorry that this has to be our last night in this special campaign, series of these services, but we certainly want to thank each and every one of you for your wonderful cooperation, for all that you have done for us, giving us your faith, and your... all that you have done. We appreciate it from the depths of our heart. Only eternity will tell how that we appreciate. And we want to be grateful to our Brother Cauble, for his sponsoring us here in the city; and for the fine cooperation we've had with him and his church, and his people. And we thank all of you who's come from different places, from Indiana and around, the states about. It wasn't even advertised out there. I guess you just got it through the mail somehow, for it to be here. 'Cause we know we wouldn't have room much in that church. And we thought, if it got too bad, then maybe we could find a night or two at the auditorium. Now, we're grateful for the people who let us have this auditorium tonight, for we appreciate that, for them opening up this place for these services on this Sunday night, for the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ. We thank Him.

L-4 And now, just as I was coming in just now, my brother, and Billy, and some of them was standing out there, told me that there had been adequate, enough sufficient of the funds to pay off all the debts. They paid off the rent on the church, and the newspaper, and the custodians of the church, and the music, and all the newspaper advertisements, the radio broadcast. Everything has been paid, up till tonight. I think they had enough, so that left the night love-offering free for me. That, I have always tried to keep, as you know, a reputation about money. We don't do that. And if there's not enough to take care of the things, then I'll take it out of my love-offering. And the love-offering, I wouldn't even take that, if I wasn't a poor man and had to live like the rest of us does. If I could work, and still run these meetings across the nation, I'd never mention a love-offering for myself. Just expenses to be paid is all we require. And that's not only been in Louisville; that's been around the world. And as long as I live, and God will help me, it'll remain that way. Not money, I'm not after money. I'm trying to get the people to believe the Lord Jesus Christ for their salvation and for their healing.

L-6 And your tithings, and so forth, that you've put in this last week, has gone for that purpose. And on Sunday night, they usually, or the last night of the meeting, whatever, it's a week or two weeks, ten days or whatever, they take a love-offering for me. And if there would be something in there that would be left over, it'd go right straight to foreign missions. Perhaps my secretary and them who takes care of the money, and so forth, are setting present now, and my wife and them, who knows that that's the truth. And Almighty God, Who is our Judge, knows that to be true. And so we're thanking you for everything that you have done.

L-7 Now, this being the closing night of the service... Now, we start tomorrow for Shreveport, Louisiana, to begin there in the Municipal Auditorium for the services; the next service is to begin there. And then we go from there to Denver, Colorado, where the Christian Business Men, of Denver, sponsors us there in a--a campaign. And I believe it's the Civic or the City Auditorium there; no churches sponsoring it, just the Christian Business Men. And then from there, we go to--to Edmonton, Alberta. And then from there, to Grande Prairie, British Columbia; Dawson Creek; on up into the Eskimo land.

L-10 And we get back down then again around, to begin down here in the states again, around June, which will be over in Des Moines, Iowa. And we go to Methodist campgrounds at Cedar Lake, in the convention there; and then on over to the Pacific northwest. And then from there, to Durban, South Africa. This time, it isn't my choice, my setting. It's THUS SAITH THE LORD. And to go to Africa, India, Palestine, Luxembourg, Frankfurt, Germany, and London, and then to Paris, then back home. 54-0404E, God Has A Provided Way, Memorial Auditorium, Louisville, KY, 113 min Then from there, we ought to get in around January or February, we go to New Zealand, Australia, and to the East. And I'll be expecting prayers to be coming from Louisville, Kentucky, in support of this meeting that we're going, the itinerary.

L-14 One of these times, if I'd happen to get back even a year from today, there's many setting here tonight, perhaps, won't be here, if I'm spared. In a audience of this size, oh, a thousand people or more, whatever, they'll be--they'll be many of you will be gone. Then I'll meet you again, some of these glorious mornings, at the resurrection, when the saints (the redeemed) are brought back to earth again for the great Millennium. I hope to spend an endless eternity with you in the Kingdom of God, to which I represent here tonight. God bless you all. And I don't want to leave out anyone. The little ladies that plays the music, and, oh, everyone, God bless you.

L-16 Now, it's my lot tonight to speak just a few moments again. And I don't know what time we have to close the auditorium. But a getting started just the time, at eight-thirty, maybe speak a half hour, and then start our prayer line, praying for the sick... And now, you dear Christian people here, of Louisville, Kentucky, and Jeffersonville, New Albany, one of these days, I would like to advertise the meeting nationally and have an old, big old tent set out here, that'll seat several thousand people, and have an old fashion revival. That's what I think we need in Louisville, is an old fashion, God-sent revival. You pray. If the Lord leads that way, I'll come.

L-18 Now, there's two or three healing campaigns going on in the city. That's the reason we never made it no national affair. We just come to Brother Cauble's church. See? And we didn't come here to be competitors to these other brethren. We don't believe in being competitors to the religion of Jesus Christ. We are brethren together, working together for all that we can, for the good of the Kingdom of God, and every church, every one. We might different a little bit on ideas, the ministers, but not to the peoples. We still believe the Blood of Jesus Christ cleanses us from all unrighteousness. We become sons and daughters of God by confessing our sins and accepting this Blood, no matter what church you belong to. And we believe that with all of our heart. My services is always inter-evangelical, or interdenominational, so we trust that God will bless you all.

L-20 Now, in standing, mainly, in a city or a place, we are not here to represent Divine healing. We're not even featuring Divine healing. We're featuring Jesus Christ, the Son of God. And when you feature Jesus Christ, you feature Divine healing. Because it's the attributes of His death, what gives us salvation and healing for our bodies. And there's no--no power within any man, that can heal another person. Healing has already been purchased at Calvary. And only thing that we can do is point men to where that one-time, all-sufficient sacrifice was made by Jesus Christ the Son of God. In there we just look and live. God made the way, and we accept it. A minister couldn't save no one; he could only preach the Gospel, if he's anointed of the Holy Spirit, and point people to the place where they were saved. They were saved nineteen hundred years ago at Calvary. You have to accept it as your personal Saviour now to have benefits, or dividends off of His death, and enjoy the attributes of what He died for.

L-23 Now, and Divine healing is the same thing. "He was wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquity, chastisement of our peace upon Him, with His stripes we were healed," all in the same day, by the same Man. Inseparable, run parallel, one to the other, the Blood coming from His back and the ones coming from His wound, mixed together and run off of His feet... See, that's it. Salvation, healing, peace, satisfaction, joy, everything that we have need of in the earthly journey, was met in Calvary. And God will minister to everyone who will accept it upon those basis and believe it with all their heart.

L-24 Now, "God set in the Church, some teachers, apostles, prophets, gifts of healing," and, oh, different kinds of gifts. He put that in the Church for the perfecting of the Church, getting the Church together. And now, days has passed since the first round of the apostles. They had all the nine gifts working in the Church. The second round, they begin to cool off. The third round was about all gone. Then went out into the fifteen hundred years of dark ages. Then come the reformation. After the reformation come sanctification, after justification come John Wesley, preaching sanctification. In there come 54-0404E, God Has A Provided Way, Memorial Auditorium, Louisville, KY, 113 min Calvin, Knox, and all of those who came down into the Pentecostal, Nazarene, that age.

L-27 And now we're moving right on into another great age, coming for the rapture of the Church. And in this, we're living in the time of the restoration of the gifts. It stumbled many of the big fine churches; it sent Nazarene backwards; it made fanatics out of a lot of Pentecost. But just the same, God's moving right on, bringing in the rapturing faith for His Church. That's right. So tonight I represent that faith, the faith that was once delivered to the saints, in the way of a Divine gift. Which, to my opinion, "Gifts and callings..." Not my opinion; but the Bible says that gifts and callings are without repentance. There's nothing you can do about it. You can't make yourself with blue eyes when you got brown. You're just what you are, by the grace of God. You can't even come to God without God calling you first. You can't seek God without God seeking you first and calling you. "No man can come to me, except My Father draws him." So God is seeking. "God has set in the Church..."

L-30 And then from a little child, born here in this state of Kentucky, visions just comes to me just the same as--as eating or anything else. It's just as God will, He provides it. I just do as He tells me to do. Certainly, I have many critics. I have many people who disbelieve it. No matter what would take place, they'd disbelieve it anyhow. I expect to have that. And if I didn't have that, I'd go down to an altar somewhere and say, "Dear Lord, what's wrong with me?" "For all that live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution." Right. We must have it. That's right.

L-33 So Jesus had it. He said, if... When He could stand in His audience, and know what (the people) was wrong, and how whether they was healed or not. And they touched Him, with the--their faith. When He turned and said, "Who touched Me?" He said, "Your faith has saved you. Now, your blood issue has stopped. Your faith has made you whole." A woman come to Him one time. Or He was standing where she was at, at the pool, or the drinking place, the well, Jacob's well. And a woman come, and He carried a conversation with her for a few moments till He found her trouble; said, "Go, get your husband." She said, "I have none." Said, "That's right. You have five."

L-35 He, when He was here, He knew where a fish was, had a coin in his mouth. He knew where two mules was stand, hitched to, where two ways came together. And He knew where a man would be packing a pitcher. Many things that He knew. He knew Philip when he come to Him, that he'd been praying before he come, under a tree; knew that he was a good, righteous man. But He said in His Own Words, "I can do nothing of Myself, until the Father shows Me what to do." All that believes that Scripture, say "Amen." [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] That's what, Saint John 5:19.

L-37 He passed by a big multitude, two or three thousand people in there, crippled, twisted, lame, halt, blind, withered; full of love and compassion, walked right by every one of them, healed a man with some little disease like... Oh, I don't know; he might just been subject to bad colds, for all I know. It, he had it thirty-eight years. It wasn't going to hurt him or kill him; it was retarded. And He made that man whole, and walked away and left that multitude laying there. And then when He was questioned, He said, "I can do nothing of Myself, but what I see the Father doing."

L-38 Now, sometimes people want Him to clown with that, when they seen He had that power. They asked Him. Herod said, "Do me a miracle. Let me see You do something." And he asked Him to speak for Himself. He stood, like dumb before shearers, like a sheep dumb before the shearers. They wrapped a rag around His head one day, a bunch of critical soldiers, and hit Him on the head, and said, "Now, if you're a prophet, if you know all these things, and so forth, tell us who hit You. Do a miracle for us."

L-40 When Satan first met Him, Satan said, "Now, if you will do a miracle for me, I'll believe that you're the Son of God. Turn these stones to bread. Let me see you do it." Jesus just quoted the Scripture right back to him. And then, every time Satan wanted to see Him do a miracle. The people who's possessed of Satan, wants to see Him, "Do something for me. Let me see You heal this one. Let me put a scratch on Your hand, and You heal it, and I'll 54-0404E, God Has A Provided Way, Memorial Auditorium, Louisville, KY, 113 min believe You." There you are. The same evil spirit that said, "Come off the cross now and we'll believe You. Your hands are tacked up there. You're calling Elijah; let's see Him come, deliver You now. If you found so much favor in Him, in God, let's see Him deliver You. Come off the cross and we'll believe you. Do a miracle before us." Miracles has always stumped the unbeliever. But just the same, our heavenly Father is a miracle-working God. That's it. Everywhere He's always been, whatever His ministry has been, where He's had His ministers, there's been signs, wonders, and miracles.

L-43 Now, the Lord bless you, while I read a text of Scripture here for a few moments, and then we will go into the service, and then right to the healing service.

L-44 Now, look. Jesus, when He was here on earth, He said, "Now, the things that I do, shall you do also. More than this will you do (or greater), for I go to My Father. Now, yet a little while," I'm quoting Jesus, "yet a little while and the world sees Me no more, yet You shall see Me, for I'll be with you, even in you, to the end of the world: Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever." How many Christians in here tonight, believe with all your heart, that Jesus Christ has risen from the dead and lives tonight? Let's see your hand. Well, if He is the same yesterday, today, and forever, won't He produce tonight in His Church the same thing He did in His Church, when He was here on earth in flesh? See? It's just... The Holy Spirit is the Spirit of Jesus Christ. He's here in a spiritual form, just as much alive as He ever was, here, living in us, performing the things that He did when He was here on earth, as a confirmation of His being with us. "I'll be with you, even in you, to the end of the world." The Lord bless you.

L-46 Shall we pray. Heavenly Father tonight, get glory, heavenly Father, out of our efforts that we're trying to put forth for Your glory. Now, here lays the Word here on the pulpit, opened up. But who can understand It? When, It's written by inspiration, promised that It was hid from the eyes of the wise and prudent, and would be revealed to babes such as would learn, now, Father, we pray that You'll let us consider ourselves babes, not knowing anything, that we might learn some things through the revelation by the Holy Spirit. May He take the Word of God now and give It to every heart as we have need. For we ask it in His Name. Amen.

L-47 In Genesis... Just a little warm up here; I guess it is out there also. If the custodians will, give just a little air in the building, so the people will feel just a little better. I see some of them fanning.

L-48 Now, in Genesis the 22nd chapter, I want to draw your attention to a few words here, just on the close of this meeting, of the Gospel. I always like to say, or read some of the Word here, because this Word will never pass away. And It's eternal, forever. And if I would say anything about a text, for tonight, I wish to speak on this: "God Has A Provided Way." He has a provided way of approach to Him. He has a provided way of escape. And He has a provided way for everything we have need of. If we can only find that way God has provided, then we're sure to get it. If God... If this building was provided here to take care of, keep the rain off of us, as long as we get into the building, then we're out of the rain. If God has provided a way for salvation, we can find that provided way, we can have salvation. If God's provided a way of Divine healing, then we can find, get in that way, we find Divine healing. If He's provided peace for the unstable, then if we get in that way and find His provided way, we can have peace.

L-52 Now, reading from the 7th verse of the 22nd chapter, notice this now, great, dramatic story here before us. And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father, and said,... father: and he said, Here am I, my son. And he said, Behold the fire and the wood: but where is the lamb for the burnt-offering? And Abraham said, My son, God will provide for himself a lamb for a burnt-offering:... May the Lord add His blessings to the reading of that Word. I might read in respond to that, the 14th verse also. And Abraham called the name of the place Jehovah-jireh: as it is said in this day, In the mount of the LORD shall it be seen.

L-54 Jehovah-jireh was God's Name of redemption. God, the word "Jehovah-jireh," means, "God will provide Himself a sacrifice." "God will make a way," otherwise. Now, God had seven compound redemptive Names: Jehovah-jireh, and 54-0404E, God Has A Provided Way, Memorial Auditorium, Louisville, KY, 113 min Jehovah-manasses, and Jehovah-rapha, the Healer; and all these different compound Names that He had, what He was, representing what He was to the people. And this provided sacrifice tonight, Jehovah-jireh, "The Lord will provide Himself a lamb."... The great dramatic story laying before us, as--as we move in now, may the Holy Spirit take these next few words and bind every heart.

L-56 Now, this is the last night of the service. I want each one of you to give me your undivided attention and listen close now. We're trying to go in for the greatest victory of the meeting. This is the last night. Usually there's more people healed on the last night than there is in the rest of the meeting: their great anticipation. Satan fights harder. Everything goes wrong, seemingly, because Satan is trying to keep that people in tension and everything else, so that he can keep them away from this great time of strain that we're now entering into, for the great, as we'd say, "Going in for the kill now." He's already beat up in the corner. He's been exposed and all of his devises is exposed. And men and women has accepted Jesus Christ as their Saviour. People with cancer, and tumors, and--and everything else, has been healed: doctors' statements proving that it's the truth.

L-59 Now, here sets a group of people here tonight, setting, waiting under great anticipation. And Satan, if he can interrupt your mind, that's all he has to do. But let's go in now for the great kill, just now, to drive Satan and all of his powers plumb out of the building, that God can have the right of way and heal every sick person, for the glory of God.

L-60 Now, Abraham the patriarch come down out of Shinar, away from the tower of Babel. He and his father journeyed down into the--the plains. And there Abraham, at the age of about seventy-five years old, God called Abraham by election and sent him out of his own country, telling him that he was going to have a child by his wife, Sarah, who was sixty-five years old at the time. God promised. I want you to see how God's promises are so real to those who will accept it. And He told him what He was going to do. And he moved out, not knowing where he was going, but sojourned in a strange land. God, when He calls people, He calls for total separation from all the things of the world: annihilation from the worldly things. Separate yourself, and God will bless you. Come out from among them; be not partakers of their sins. Yoke yourself not up among unbelievers, but yoke yourself with believers, fellow citizens of the Kingdom.

L-62 And Abraham had to take his wife and leave the country. But he believed God by faith. You couldn't reason it out. There's no way of finding how he could ever do it. How, this woman, lived with her since she was a young girl; both of them young, healthy people, all these days; till she was then forty, fifty, sixty, probably twenty-five years a past menopause... And God said, "You're going to have a baby by this woman." And Abraham believed God, against all reason, against all scientific research, even to this day. How could a woman sixty-five years old have a baby? But God said she's going to do it, so Abraham believed it. So he went out, not knowing where he was going. And finally, after Sarah got to be almost a hundred years old, Abraham still believing (I want you to see it.)--still believing that God was going to keep His promise, he had everything ready for the baby. And finally the youngster arrived. God always does it that way. He brought the baby just in due season.

L-64 See, longer it went, Abraham figured, "Well, I didn't get it today. I didn't get it this month. I didn't get it last month. But no matter how long it is, the longer it is, the older I'm getting, the more of a miracle it'll be," give God praise for it. Instead of being weak like we'd be: prayed for tonight, and get--get healed, said you got worse tomorrow, you say, "Oh, well, there's nothing to it." That's the reason; you can't keep God's Word. "Thy Word have I hid in my heart, O Lord," David. Hide God's Word away in your heart, and then God will keep that Word. God has to keep His Word. God doesn't have to heal to prove His power. But He has to heal to keep His Word. That's right. God don't have to prove nothing. He's God. But what He speaks, He's obligated to His Word. So are you and I obligated to our word. And God's obligated to His Word.

L-67 So if Divine healing's in the Word, that settles it. If He was wounded for our transgressions, with His stripes we were healed, that was the sacrifice, that settles it. As far as I'm concerned, that's all. If God did it there, promised He'd 54-0404E, God Has A Provided Way, Memorial Auditorium, Louisville, KY, 113 min do it, that settles it.

L-68 That's the way it was with Abraham. No matter what come or went, Abraham believed it anyhow. Perhaps got everything ready for the youngster, then God let him go till he was a hundred years old, turned him and Sarah back to a young woman, young man again, and gave them the baby.

L-69 There, what a beautiful picture now we have before us under consideration. Here's the youngster, becomes about sixteen years old, seventeen, the very heart of this old man and woman; lovely, the little fellow. Now, God speaks to Abraham, one night, said, "Abraham, take him up there to the mount, and offer him up. Kill him." And yet, God had promised Abraham that, "Through Isaac all the nations of the world would be blessed." How is he going now, after all these years waiting, believing, and now after all this time has passed, how is the baby... The only hope of God's promise, and God told Abraham to destroy every hope he had again.

L-71 See how God does? Testing, God permits you sometime to get a little worse after you're prayed for just to test you. The testings and trials of faith, but, "He that endureth..." There it is. Hold on; take God at His Word. Believe every Word of It. No matter what anything else says or does, believe it anyhow. No matter what the circumstance look like, believe God anyhow.

L-72 Then, there God says, "You take the boy and take him up there. I'm going to bless all the world with him. You've waited for all these years; now, you're a hundred years old, about a hundred and sixteen, eighteen years old. Now, I want you to take the little fellow, and take him up on the hill there, and kill him." My, oh, seemed very strange, unreasonable, that God would ask Abraham to destroy his only son. But behind it now, we see the picture He was painting: God giving His only Son.

L-74 Abraham didn't want to tell the mother, of course, it would break her heart, saddled up some mules, and taken a few servants, and rode off to the mountain. I just love this part here. Then he got up to where the mount was, and he said to the servant, "You wait here now, while the boy and I go yonder to worship. And the boy and I will return." How is he going to return, when he's going to kill him? But Abraham knew this, that he had received him in a figure, as one from the dead, and God was able to raise him up from the dead. God would make a way of escape some way, how, he didn't know. God told him, take him and kill him, and that was his only thing he had to do. "You wait here. The boy and I'll go yonder to worship, and the boy and I will return."

L-78 Notice, little Isaac picked up the wood, went up the hill, the father leading, Isaac, behind, with the wood on his back. Look at it, beautiful picture of some eight hundred years later, God leading His own Son up Calvary with the wood on His back for the sacrifice. Picture, God making a way of escape...

L-79 Now, and when Abraham got up on top of the mount, rolled the rocks together and built the altar, laid the wood down, the little lad said, "Father?" He said, "Here am I, son." He said, "Here is the altar, and here is the wood, but where is the lamb for a sacrifice?" And Abraham, with trembling voice, said, "God will provide a lamb for the sacrifice." Look at that dark moment. Yet, faith unadulterated, wouldn't let him disbelieve God. Notice. Oh, I just look at this story sometimes and weep for joy.

L-82 Abraham bound his own son's hand, laid him up on the altar, pulled the knife from his belt, and was ready to take his son's life, because God had told him to do so. And at that time, a Voice screamed from the heaven, said, "Abraham, stay your hand." And when the Holy Spirit caught his hand, said, "I see that you haven't withheld your own son. I know you love Me."

L-84 And about that time, something begin to bleat over in the wilderness, caught up over there, and there was a little ram. God provided a sacrifice. Watch, a ram, it had to be a sheep, a male, a ram: Type of Christ, Who would take the place of death. There's God's provided sacrifice. And Abraham offered up the sacrifice in Isaac's stead. What a beautiful picture now. Notice, God always made a way. He will make a way tonight, for every one of you. 54-0404E, God Has A Provided Way, Memorial Auditorium, Louisville, KY, 113 min

L-86 And Israel, when they were down in Egypt, they were in bondage and in trouble, and they begin to cry to God for deliverance. Notice, the way God will provide is when we're in God's Word. Israel had God's Word that they were going out of there someday. So they went to crying to God, according to the will of God, for God to provide what He had promised to do. There you are. You're praying for something that's out of the will of God, you can't have faith for it. But when God promises anything, I believe that He will keep His Word. So they knew. That's the reason Abraham knew that God was going to deliver him somehow, because He had promised that through Isaac, all the nations in the world would be blessed. The children of Israel down in Egypt, they knew God had promised them deliverance, so they went to praying for the promise.

L-90 You say, "Brother Branham, if I knowed Divine healing, that God had promised it." All right, let's take it just a moment: James 5:14. If there ain't a healing campaign in the city somewhere, he said, "If there's any among you sick, let him call the elders of the church; anoint them in oil, and pray over them. The prayer of faith shall save the sick." That's God's Word, God's provided way. That's right.

L-92 Notice, when Israel begin to cry, God begin to hear, and provided a way of escape: sent Moses to them. How strange it was, after crying for deliverance, and when deliverance was brought to them, they fail to recognize it, and refused it, and had to suffer forty years more. Isn't that typical of today? God will bring you something, and you'll get scared of it. God sent the Holy Spirit to you people who didn't like all this formal church, ritualistic religions. God sent you the Holy Spirit; great groups of them are scared of It.

L-95 The disciples were about to sink one night in a little boat, and it bounced around out on the sea, and they were crying for help. And when they seen the only Man that could stop the waves, coming, they were scared of Him and thought He was a ghost. The only hope they had, they were scared of It.

L-96 There's men and women setting here tonight, with cancer, heart trouble, dangerous diseases, no doubt. And the only hope that you have, after your doctor's done done all he can do, you're just scared to reach out and trust Him. Don't be scared. Take His Word. Stand right out there. It's God's provided way for you. God sent you here tonight for that purpose. He never sent you here tonight for me to pray for you. He sent you here tonight to accept His provided Way, Jesus Christ the atoning Sacrifice for sin and sickness. I hope you get it.

L-98 Notice, they cried for deliverance. God sent them deliverance. They had to wait forty years again to receive it. In the wilderness God promised He'd supply everything they had need of. They got out of bread. And the same Jehovah-jireh, God will provide the sacrifice to Abraham; four hundred years later, was still Jehovah-jireh, to provide everything that His children had need of.

L-100 Here it is. I want it to go way deep on the left side, under the fifth rib. Listen. He's still Jehovah-jireh, the Lord's provided Sacrifice. Accept it. Don't just try to reason it out. Don't try to reason; you can't reason. God's ways are a past finding out. You don't reason God. You don't know Him by knowledge. You don't know Him by education. You know Him by one thing only: faith. You can't reason. It's unreasonable to believe that you could reason it out. You can't. You just have to accept it.

L-101 Notice, again in this great tremendous time. They run out of bread. "What are we going to do?" If God told them they was going to the promised land, it's up to God to take care of them till they get there. And the very Jehovah-jireh was right with them. And then when they run out of bread, Jehovah-jireh provided a way of bread. All the way through the wilderness manna rained out of heaven. They run out of water. What's the use of worrying? Jehovah-jireh, the Lord's provided Sacrifice, was right with them. And he smote the rock. And they spake to it, from then on, and waters come abundantly, water all their cattle, thousands of gallons per second, pouring out of a rock in a dry desert. Unreasonable, isn't it? But God provided. You don't reason how He does do it. He just does it because He said He would. 54-0404E, God Has A Provided Way, Memorial Auditorium, Louisville, KY, 113 min

L-103 How could a patients, laying, dying with cancer, the best of doctors says that there's no hope at all, how could they get well? It's unreasonable. But He's Jehovah-jireh, the Lord's provided Sacrifice. How beautiful.

L-104 One day they got sickness in the camp. They had no, probably, no medics and treatments. What was... Moses out there with all that group of people, about two million of them, old and young, and sick and all; when they come out of the wilderness, there wasn't a feeble one among them. But now notice, when they were out there, and they sinned, and snakes begin to bite them, there was nothing they could do. And God, and while he, Moses speaking to Him, provided an atonement; told Moses, "Go get a piece of brass. Make a serpent out of it and put it on a pole. And it'll come to pass, whosoever shall look upon this serpent will be made well." Beautiful type again, the brass, the serpent itself spake of sin already judged. Eden, when God pronounced the judgment upon the serpent, it was already judged.

L-106 The brass speaks of Divine judgment on the brazen altar where the beasts bodies were burnt. After the blood was taken; every nine o'clock at morning, twelve o'clock, and three o'clock in the afternoon, gallons of blood was throwed on this altar, over the bodies of the dead beasts, black smoke rose up. Every Jew in Palestine fell to his feet, and his hands towards heaven; and as that smoke ascended up, his prayers went with it. All right. Divine judgment; the bodies burnt on a brass altar. Just like in Israel, when Ahab had caused Israel to sin, and Elijah went out to look at the skies; three years and six months, no rain. He said, "It looks like brass," Divine judgment. In Revelations when they seen Jesus, in Revelations 1, "His feet looked like brass," Divine judgment.

L-109 The serpent spake of Divine judgment, to appease God. His judgments are Divine. And then, the pole represented the cross. And the serpent represented Jesus, the lovely Lord Jesus; He came down and was made sin. God Himself revealed Hisself in a body, made like unto sinful flesh, to take away sickness and sin from the world. How beautiful. In there He made a way. Jesus said, "As Moses lifted up the brass serpent in the wilderness, so must the Son of man be lifted up." Now, what was the brass serpent lifted up for? For a compound reason. They had sinned and were sick. Now, then Jesus was lifted up, wounded for our transgressions; with His stripes we are healed: compound reason. And it's still just as real tonight for Christ to heal the sick, as it is to save the sinners. More of a miracle for Him to save a sinner; He has to change his way. And surely, after he's already changed, he would know how to believe God for his healing. See what I mean?

L-112 Another beautiful type, quickly, I just happened to think. In the Book of Ruth... Many of you run over the top of that Book; don't think, not thinking what it is. That's one of the most greatest stories in there of a type of Christ, in all the Old Testament. In the 1st chapter of--of the Book of Ruth, Naomi... The word "Naomi," means "pleasant." She, her husband, and her two sons, left Palestine, type of the church. And they left Palestine, went over in the land of Moab. And there they homesteaded out of the homeland. That's the--a symbol of backsliding, like Israel did. Any Jew that left Palestine was out of the will of the Lord. God gave Palestine to the Jews, and said, "Remain there." And Ruth went out, or, not Ruth, but Naomi.

L-114 And her two sons got married. And all the men died: her husband and the two sons. She started back to her home. Her daughter-in-laws went part of the way with her. One of them lifted up her eyes and looked back into her homeland; she went back. But Ruth the Moabite, she wouldn't go. She loved her mother-in-law. She said, "Go back to your own people. I'm old. And if I'd have more children, why..." You know the laws, that how it had to be in them days, you Bible scholars. Said, "If I would have a child, it would be... You'd would be too old for it when it growed up. So go back, and can remarry." Oh, I love this.

L-116 Naomi now, the type of the Jewish church, Ruth, the type of the Gentile Church... Notice. And now, here she comes back. See? Ruth, being a Gentile, heathen worshipper, she looked back and she said, "I'll go with you. Where you live, I'll live. Where you die, I'll die. Where you are buried, I'll be buried. Let your God be my God." That's the Gentile Church 54-0404E, God Has A Provided Way, Memorial Auditorium, Louisville, KY, 113 min accepting salvation through Jesus Christ our Lord. Notice, what a beautiful picture. And now wish we had time.

L-118 The 2nd chapter in Ruth, reveals her time to return, when she come back just in harvest time, barley season. And when she seen, looked over the homeland, she wept, "I just longing to get into Palestine." See, they was weeping as they seen the homeland.

L-119 Those Jews by the thousands, pouring into Palestine. That's the calendar of the day, brother. I tell you. We're living at the end of the road. I wouldn't be a bit surprised that there's many people setting here in old age, will see the time when there won't be one stone left upon another in Louisville, Kentucky. That may be in another year. I don't know; don't say I said a year. I don't know; no one does. But we're at the end of the road. I know that. Those hydrogen bombs and things are ready to explode any time. The Jews are going back to Jerusalem. And the six-point star of David, the oldest flag in the world, flies over Jerusalem, the first time for two thousand years: Sign time.

L-122 And notice, just as Naomi, who'd lost everything she had, and was returning back just in barley season... And Palestine today, is becoming to blossom like a rose. Some of the greatest things is found, riches of all the lands in the world; chemicals found in the Dead Sea, that's priceless to mention. Palestine, greatest citron country, lemons that'll weigh five pounds a piece nearly, raised there. Think of it, all fulfilling God's Divine Word. Going home, the Jews, returning in barley season...

L-124 She raised up her hands and wept. And they said, "Here comes Naomi." She said, "Don't call me Naomi, for God has dealt with me bitterly," not knowing what she was bringing with her. Little does the Jew know that his rejecting of Jesus only give the Gentile a place to come in. Oh, I just love it. Notice, then when she lifted up her eyes and wept...

L-126 And notice, then they had to get... All of her inheritance had been taken away from her, so they had to make a living. Ruth, being a young, beautiful woman, went out into the fields of Boaz to glean. That was what the peasants did, the poor. Want you to notice the type the Church is. It's a poor Church. Ruth, being a type of the Gentile Bride now, she went out behind the harvesters to pick up a few straws that had some wheat on it, shuck it off like that, in a sack, for a living. Gleaning, barefooted, in the fields of Boaz... And Boaz was the lord of the harvest, representing Jesus Christ the Son of God. Notice the great Lord of the harvest. And he came out to look upon his fields. He saw the gleaners out there; he saw the reapers. And when he cast his eyes towards Ruth, he fell in love with her: Christ with His Church. He said, "Who is this damsel that gleans in the field?" They said, "Ruth brought her back."

L-129 The Jewish church, under the leading of the Pillar of Fire under the leading of Jehovah made a way of the Old Testament, for the Holy Ghost Christian of the New. Brought Her with them... Oh, we had time to rest on this a little bit.

L-130 Notice, coming back. Then he said, "Have her to come over and set under the shade, and eat some of the food with us." Oh, if we had time to put some emphasis on that. Notice, then Boaz looks upon her, seen she's a virtuous woman. That surely must've been holiness. So he walked around and said to all of the reapers; he said, "Now, you, when this young lady is coming behind you," not letting her know it, said, "but now when she gets behind you, every once in a while, drop a extra handful so she can get it." Oh, my.

L-132 Going around, having a little meeting over here, and a cottage prayer meeting, laughed at, made fun of by the others, the other reapers, picking up a straw here and there and shucking it out, getting a little blessing here, and driving fifty miles for another; but I'm so thankful for a great big handful, once in a while the little born again Church finds at an old fashion revival, a handful.

L-133 She'd picked this up, I guess, and say, "Bless the Lord." Shucked it out. And at nighttime she had a sack-full. 54-0404E, God Has A Provided Way, Memorial Auditorium, Louisville, KY, 113 min Boaz, representing Christ, goes to the city, quickly. He didn't want this girl to get away. Said, "Who does she belong to?" Said, "Naomi." And the orthodox Jewish church gave birth to the Gentile Church. That's right. Said, "Who is she?" Said, "She's Naomi." So she goes... Then he goes down. He said, "Now, I have got to redeem all of her possessions." Now, the law of redemption in the Old Testament, that it must be a kinsman redeemer. The--the law required, not any person could redeem a lost estate, but it had to be somebody that was kinfolks; and then somebody that was able to redeem, worthy enough to redeem, financially able.

L-137 How beautiful. Oh, my. Christ, worthy, double worthy, the King of heaven, seeing the little, Holy Spirit-filled Church, dropping a little handful now and then. Notice, the only way that God could redeem, God had to come down and be made kinfolks to us. God was in Spirit. God come down and was made flesh. "God was in Christ, reconciling the world to Himself." Then in order to redeem man, He had to become man, kinfolks. Could you imagine Deity coming down, made flesh? Love...

L-139 What will a young man do for his young bride that he wants for a sweetheart? He's blind. He will do anything. Yes, sir. He wants her. Nothing can stop him; he's going to have her. That's the way God did when He seen the Church. He loved her. Nothing was going to stop. He was ready to give His Life, and God moved down in a body of flesh: worthy, the King of heaven, made kinfolks. Then, God, after He come in the flesh in Jesus Christ, become a kinsman Redeemer.

L-141 Watch Boaz. Now, before he could have her, he had to ask if there was anybody, near kinsmen, that could take it, take her. So in order... There was no one could do it, so then he had to make a public testimony before Israel that he had redeemed Naomi. And he redeemed Naomi, in order to get Ruth. Oh, my. "He came to His own, and His own received Him not." But he had to redeem Naomi to get Ruth. See? Oh, what a beautiful picture! Tell me God's Word is not inspired? Every bit of it, speaking of the coming. And Ruth, now waiting...

L-143 And Boaz, the king of the harvest, or the lord of the harvest, goes outside the gates, and calls all the elders of the city, and made a public testimony, outside the gate. He said, "See to it, all of you people." He took off his shoe, kicked it off before them, as a testimony, said, "I, this day, have redeemed all of Naomi's lost heritage. And all of her possessions is mine, this day." Oh, my. Get ready; here it is. Oh, I just feel something moving. Notice, Christ, before the elders of Israel, led outside the gates of the city, and made a testimony: "He was wounded for our transgressions; with His stripes we were healed," a public testimony, He's redeemed the Church, from what? Her lost estate. In the garden of Eden, we didn't have any sickness; the garden of Eden, we had no sin; the garden of Eden, we had no death. "And God so loved the world, He gave His only begotten Son," made a testimony outside of the gate, that He had provided a way of escape for all who wanted to come. What a beautiful picture. I hope you can see it. Now, the Lord be blessed. And as I see, maybe, my time is getting away.

L-145 God making a provided way, and He made it in Jesus Christ. When Jesus went up Golgotha's hill, wounded, bleeding, the cross dragging out the bloody footprints as He climbed the hill, went up there, public testimony, "He was wounded for our transgressions; with His stripes we were healed." Died, ascended on high (You believe it?) and sent back spiritual gifts to the Church, making a provided way. And this joy that we have in our hearts now, is only the down payment, the earnest money, on what it will be when we're fully redeemed. And this Divine healing we have now is the earnest on our redemption of our body. We are redeemed. God made a provided Sacrifice.

L-146 I have to stop, friends, 'cause people are getting up and going out. I said to my wife, the other day, "I have preached in about, I don't know how many different nations, in every city throughout the United States. And Louisville, Kentucky, is the only place that people ever got up and went out when I 54-0404E, God Has A Provided Way, Memorial Auditorium, Louisville, KY, 113 min was preaching." That's right, home (See?), only place I ever seen. If anybody's noticed that, that's been in other meetings with me, raise up your hands, over the building. Sure, around, everywhere else, and never had it nowhere in my life but here at my own home place, Louisville, Kentucky. People get right up and go out when you go to laying the Gospel right to the hewing line. They'll do it. And I've never had it nowhere else, anywhere in the world I've ever been, even to Africa, all the other places, Sweden, Norway, where tens of thousands set. In my humble opinion I have never one time witnessed one person leaving, getting up and going out, while preaching, only right here. You see, friends, this week I have battled hard to try to convince some of the people, that...

L-151 Jesus Christ's Words, no matter what It is, has to be right. He said, "A prophet's not without honor, except among his own people, his own county." And that's exactly right. They just won't receive It. I don't know why. Jesus said so, and that settles it. I got people around this country, that would almost be willing to die for me. They love me. But in the general hold, it's God's Word; and God must keep His Word in order to be God. That's right. And anybody that's been in the meetings before, outside of here, we've had the fewest signs and miracles that's been done in any meeting I've ever seen of this type--of this long. Usually there's blind, deaf, dumb, cripples, and everything, wheelchairs piled in the corner, and people going places, and cots and stretchers. And there's only, as far as I know, there's been two people setting here. I seen one of them, before, this boy here, setting there. Seen the Holy Spirit stand over him the other night, come very near... I could've pronounced his healing, and just as I... 'fore I got through preaching; but I seen It drop back away from him again. Something crossed his place there and kept it from him. Is the only person that I seen even afflicted in any way, outside of a couple deaf people, or something come to the platform, they told me about. I don't know. But there you are. It's home. It's around your people.

L-154 Now, to my good friend, Mr. McSpaddin, Mr. McDowell, and those who are setting in the building tonight, who I've tried to tell this to, and you people at Jeffersonville, out of the Tabernacle, do you see what I speak of? You can't change the Word of God. It'll be forever that way, 'cause Jesus said so. Now, and to the people that were begging me to come back to the Tabernacle, do you see why? Where probably been fifty people saved this week, around here in a revival, maybe not that many, maybe not ten for all I know... Where, ordinary, in eight days, it would build into the hundreds and hundreds and hundreds, somewhere else. See? See the difference? It's home. It's among your people. Not because that they don't love me, but because Jesus said so. And when He went to His own people, the only thing He could do was to lay hands on a few sick folks and heal them; no mighty works He could do. Is that right? That's quoting Scripture. And that's the way it has to be. That's right. It isn't me, after all. It's Him. It's just Him. If I was a healer...

L-157 I got a brother laying in the hospital tonight, that God showed me a year ago. And I guess there's two hundred witnesses right here, of the boy fine and healthy. But God sent a vision and said, "He's going. And no matter what comes to pass, he's going." The doctor said, not long ago, "We can save him." But they didn't, and they won't. I seen the Holy Spirit come, show the vision, and marked his grave, and said, "He's the next one." And that's the way it'll be. How many heard me say that, long, long, long time ago? Raise your hands. That's right, when the boy's big, stout, and healthy. He just must go. That's all. How? If I was a healer, I'd heal him. That's my own, my own brother. But when God has said, God will keep His Word. And that's the reason I know what, THUS SAITH THE LORD. I'll die by It, for It's God's Word and He will keep It. He's provided a way, and I'm glad to accept It tonight, the Lord Jesus Christ. Aren't you? May His eternal blessings rest upon you.

L-161 And again I say, God's provided sacrifice tonight, the way of escape, is through Jesus Christ. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Then, Jesus Christ provided a Church for the unbelievers, that they could come in and see the manifestation of His resurrection, and know beyond a shadow of doubt that He rose from the dead. Jesus rose from the dead, making a provided way, for whosoever will might look and live. But if you refuse to look, how can you do anything but die? Jesus said, "If you don't believe that I am He, you'll die in your sin." That's true. 54-0404E, God Has A Provided Way, Memorial Auditorium, Louisville, KY, 113 min

L-162 Friends, I've always tried to keep a balance of the road. You get way off on formalism, just as formal and ritualistic as they can be, people grab for that lot. Then if you don't watch, you'll get plumb off over on the other side, and be just as fanatic as you can be. But there's a middle of the road, where the true sound, sane Gospel is preached, and God moves in there, vindicating the truth. "Strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, but few there'll be that find it." All right

L-163 To you little group of people here tonight, seated here, may God's love overshadow you tonight. And especially the sick and needy, I pray that there will not be one of you but what will go home well. If I could do anything about it, I'd gladly do it; but I can't do it. The only thing that I can do is represent Him to you in a way of a Divine gift. Now, if I speak the truth that God provided a Sacrifice, and that sacrifice, Jehovah-jireh, was Jesus Christ... And all of the seven compound, redemptive Names laid in Jesus Christ. Jehovah-jireh, "the Lord's provided Sacrifice." Jehovah-rapha, "the Lord that heals thy diseases." And Jehovah... "the banner." And--and all the other, seven compound Names, was all in Christ Jesus. And there's where all the types and the shadows of the Old Testament, all come and met in Jesus Christ. He paid the supreme price, ascended on high, and sent back the Holy Ghost tonight, which is God's provided Way of your escape. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... we had time to go in.

L-166 I can see the wise men packing up their camels, right quick. "Where you going, honey?" says the wife. "I'm going to see the young King that's born, way in Palestine." "Well, you didn't even take your compass." He said, "I don't need any compass." "How you going through the deserts, and valleys, and hills, without a compass?" He pointed up to the Star, said, "I'm going God's provided way." The Star led him right straight to Jesus.

L-170 And listen, 'fore we close. God has a provided way here tonight, not through church, not through theology; but through the Holy Spirit will lead you to God's provided way of your sanctification, the healing of your body, the baptism of the Holy Spirit, to joy, peace, and everything you have need of. Jesus Christ is God's provided Sacrifice. And I say that He rose from the dead, ascended on high, sent back the Holy Ghost as God's provided Way to lead the Church. He said, "He will not speak of Himself, but he will testify of Me," Jesus said. "And when He comes, He will bring these things to your memory, and will show you things to come. For the things that I do shall you do also. The world won't see it, but you'll see it. For I'll be with you, even in you, to the end of the age."

L-172 Hear it, Louisville, my last message to you. God's provided Sacrifice is Jesus Christ, the resurrected One here empowering the Church by the Holy Ghost. This is the Light. Walk ye in It, find rest to your soul, healing of your diseases. Shall we pray.

L-173 Heavenly Father, O God, when day... Way down deep in my soul, I wonder, as I'm made to wonder, of seeing this great beautiful nation of America, and seeing those big bombs out there being laid up across the sea... Wicked, ungodly men denying God, denying the Lord Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, with all the wickedness and mischievousness and devices that Satan can push into their mind to destroy this world, do just exactly like You said, it would burn it with heat. And even the great scientists of the world saying, "Within ten years there'll be a total annihilation, no one left, nothing living on the earth, swept across by the hydrogen bomb." O God, men and women setting here, unprepared tonight. You've been, this week, glorious to us. We've set in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, and we thank You for these dear saints in Louisville. And God, may they go from this meeting with a voice of warning to all around.

L-175 Dear heavenly Father, I pray that You'll send somebody in here with an old fashion revival that'll break down the walls around Louisville. Oh, do, God. May many loved ones be brought to the saving knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. I've did my best, Lord Jesus, all that I know how to do, giving a voice against sin as hard as I knowed how, and Thou has been more than glorious to us. You've confirmed every Word with signs and wonders, and we thank Thee. Now, 54-0404E, God Has A Provided Way, Memorial Auditorium, Louisville, KY, 113 min Father, for the results, we commit it all to You. Let Your will be done.

L-177 Bless Brother Cauble, Lord, our brother. Bless all of his staff, and all the other ministers. We think of little Brother Durban, down here, and these other brothers around here, who's fine brethren, trying their best to hammer away against sin and wickedness, whiskey and drinking, and carrying on, and rallying, or everything around the city. They're trying to give a voice of warning. God, bless them men and anoint them with the Holy Ghost. Grant it, Lord. May they be good stewards, having great success of calling the people out of darkness into the marvelous Light. And now, Lord, in the closing service tonight, won't You come? Come just once more, great Holy Spirit, power Divine, and overshadow us with Thy blessings. And may the Angel of God stand here at the platform as a witness of the resurrection of God's provided Sacrifice, the Lord Jesus Christ. And may He do great signs and wonders in confirmation of the Word. For we ask it in His Name, Thy beloved Son, Jesus Christ. Amen.

L-179 May the Lord bless you, Christian friend. Now, I want to pray for the sick. I want to ask you now, just beforehand. Is there one person present in the building that hasn't been saved, has never yet as even as much as been converted, asking Christ to forgive their sins? I'm asking you openly, just rugged way. And I believe that you'll be man or woman enough, or boy or girl, to do it. If you've never accepted Jesus as your personal Saviour, and want to do it now, will you stand to your feet as a believer, and say, "I now, from this hour, will be a believer in Jesus Christ." God bless you, sir. God bless you, lady. God bless you, lady. God bless you, lady. You're confessing your faith in Jesus Christ as you do this. About five souls, would a died five minutes ago, would've went in black eternity. If they die now, they're covered by the Blood.

L-181 One more, where is it? Right in the back, God bless you. Yes, my brother. God bless you, brother. That's... God bless you. God bless you, sister. That's right. Just old rugged... God bless you, brother, accepting Jesus. God bless you, brother. God bless you. Up in the balcony, somewhere? God bless you, sister. That's wonderful. Oh, my. I wish we had some room here for an old fashion mourner's bench and an altar call. That's what we need right now.

L-183 How many in here says, "Brother Branham, I have been a sinner, but now I'm confessing, accepting in my heart, Jesus Christ, God's provided Sacrifice." About two dozen has stood. Will you stand and say... God--God bless you. God bless you, young man. That's fine. God bless you. Someone else stand and say, "Now, I'm accepting Jesus Christ right now, as my Saviour. I'm making this confession, openly before the people and before God, that I now accept God's Remedy for my sins, Jesus Christ." Would there be one more, over here, anywhere? God bless you, young man. That's gallant. God bless you. That's fine. Someone else would stand, say, "I now accept Jesus Christ as my personal Saviour. I take God's provided Sacrifice for my sins." God bless you, dad; aged man, gray-headed, trembling, raises up to accept Jesus Christ as Saviour.

L-185 Now, God knows your heart; He's looking right at you. God bless you, young man. I seen you there, with the red sweater on, raise up. All right, someone else, raise up and say, "I accept." God bless you, and you, the lady and the young boy up there. God bless you. May God... Your name goes on the Lamb's Book of Life when you stand publicly before this audience. "He that will confess Me before men, him will I confess before My Father and the holy Angels. If you're ashamed of Me here before men, I'll be ashamed of you at that day."

L-187 Have you been sinful and want to be forgiven? Any other person that hasn't stood yet, and wants to stand, just to accept God's provided Sacrifice for your sin, would you stand. Some... God bless you. God bless you. [Someone says, "That's a soldier boy."--Ed.] That's a soldier boy. God bless you over here too. The Lord be with you, my brother. Would someone else? [Someone says, "Lady, right there."--Ed.] All right. God bless you, lady. God bless you, sister. That's fine. Someone else wants Eternal Life, by accepting Jesus Christ? God bless you. Yes. God bless you, three of you, up in the balcony. Isn't that marvelous? Some thirty or more now... All right. God bless you. That's the way, accepting Jesus, God's provided Sacrifice. He's Jehovah-jireh. All right. The Lord bless you in the balcony, my sister, giving you Eternal Life.

L-190 Now, you're finding favor with God. There's not a Christian in here, that knows anything about God, but knows 54-0404E, God Has A Provided Way, Memorial Auditorium, Louisville, KY, 113 min that the last five minutes the atmosphere has changed completely in this building. That's right. See? Just in the darkest of the moment, then Jesus comes along. Someone else say, "I now accept Jesus Christ. I want...?" God bless you, lady. "I accept Him, want my name wrote on His Book. I accept Him right now as my supreme Ruler of my life." God bless you, sir. God bless you.

L-192 Someone else, a backslider, would stand up and say, "I once was a Christian, Brother Branham, but I've traveled away, away from God. Tonight, I'm coming Home." God bless you, sister. God bless you, brother. Oh, God sees you. God bless you, lady. God bless you, brother. God bless you, sister. God bless you, sister. That's right. Oh, my. God bless you, brother; I see you in the balcony. God bless you. God bless you, brother with his hands up. Will somebody else? God bless you, lady. That's wonderful. God bless you, sister. That's wonderful. That's... Just keep coming. If... God bless you, sister; I see you standing. God bless you, sir, up there on the platform with your hand up. God bless you. In the back, way back in the back, would somebody say, "Brother Branham, I now have backslid; I'm coming home. I accept my Remedy, Jesus Christ, the provided Sacrifice for my backsliding. I'm coming home, right tonight. I settle it right here, now and forever. And I know that when..." [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Open wide Thine arms of love, Lord, I'm coming home. Coming home, coming home, Nevermore to roam; Open wide Thine arm of love, Lord, I'm coming home.

L-194 Wonder if we could hum it. [Brother Branham begins humming "Lord, I'm Coming Home"--Ed.] While they're humming it, is there one here, left, would say, "Lord, You see me as I stand. I'm coming home now. I'm tired of this roaming around, unsettled peace. I'm accepting Your way out, Jesus Christ as my Saviour. I now come, Lord, just as I am. I'm coming; raise up my hand. I'm going to stand up and let You see, and this audience, that I now believe, and I'm coming home"? [Brother Branham hums "Lord, I'm Coming Home."--Ed.] God bless you, sister. Coming home, coming home, Ne... Ever who feels in their heart that they want to accept Him, just stand to your feet. Open wide Thine arm of love, Lord, I'm coming home. Just continue on, if you will, sister.

L-197 I'm going to ask you something now. Every person that stood, I want you to stand to your feet while I offer prayer for you. Every person that stood up, stand again, just for a few moments. Just stand up, everywhere over the building. Everybody that stood, stand again, everywhere, balconies and everywhere, that we can offer prayer. That's it. That's it. Every one of you that stood, that stood up awhile ago... And if there's any more that wants to stand with them, accepting Christ, will you stand now. God bless you. Let's bow our heads now.

L-198 Kind heavenly Father, these are now coming as Your children. They have already come. The moment that the Holy Spirit spoke to their soul, they stood and accepted You, and You gave them Everlasting Life. God, bless them. Walk with them through life, Father. Some of them have been Your servants, times gone by, but have fallen away; and tonight, the Holy Spirit, by the preaching of the Word, come down and anointed them. And they now stand, accepting You, and giving You thanks for their Eternal Life that they now possess in Jesus Christ. Thank You, Father. May their life be happy and pleasant. May sickness stay away from their door. And may they live long, happy lives, and come at peace, into the Kingdom of God, at the end of the world. In Jesus Christ's Name we ask it. Amen.

L-199 God bless you. And the people said... [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Amen. God bless each one. If you're setting near someone who raised up, shake their hand, Christian, and tell them how happy you are for them. We haven't got the place here to call them up around the altar. We just haven't got the--the room here to do it. The Lord bless you. Many, many souls... 54-0404E, God Has A Provided Way, Memorial Auditorium, Louisville, KY, 113 min

L-201 Now, you know, according to the Word of God, what's happened in heaven at this time? Angels are rejoicing. The black flags of Satan has been defeated; they're down and chased out. And the angels and their white victory flags are flying through heaven tonight, and the bells of glory are ringing, just ringing melodies, as one sinner coming to Christ. The Lord be blessed and praised forever. Oh, my. I just believe we're going to have a real healing service now. Yes? What? Prayer cards? [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]

L-203 I, at this service, take every spirit in the building under my control for God's glory. Reason I say that, that puts the Name of Jesus Christ over the whole audience. If Satan would get unruly, you'd see what would happen. They'd probably pack them right out the door, out of this world. See? Now, so you must be obedient. Don't get up and walk around. Set still. These diseases go from one to another. You know, Bible scholars, that that's true. See? Not playing church now, and I'm not responsible for critics or unbelievers. Hear it. I speak in His Name.

L-205 Now, the Angel of the Lord near, I trust that God will manifest the resurrection of His Son. Now, you come near. I suppose, sister, you and I standing here together, that we're strangers to each other. I don't know you. I've never seen you. But God knows both of us. You're just a person that was brought up out of the audience. Some of them give you a prayer card, had a number on it. You just got your number, and it was called, and here you are.

L-207 And you don't have to have the prayer card. Anyone setting in the audience, just start praying; see if the Holy Spirit just isn't the same tonight, that's on the church, that was on Jesus Christ...?.... See if It isn't. If It isn't--if It isn't, then I have misrepresented the Gospel to you, then I become a false witness of the resurrection. If God confirms it to be the truth, then I have told the truth, and God has said it's the truth.

L-208 Now, the lady here, a stranger, never seen her in my life. She never seen me, I guess. We just met here; that's all. I don't know her. God does know her. Now, when our Lord Jesus was here, He talked to a woman one time, He'd never seen in His life. She was getting some water at the well. And He said, "Bring Me a drink." And He talked to her long enough to catch her spirit, then He told her where her trouble was. And she said, "Well, I perceive that You're a prophet." Now, Jesus said, "The things that I do shall you also, plumb to the end of the world."

L-211 A man come in His prayer line, one time; he was a righteous man. He said, "You are a Christian, a good man, a honorable man." He said, "When did You know me, Rabbi?" Or, "Reverend, Teacher," whatever you interpret it. He said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree, I saw you." In other words, "You prayed before you come to the meeting, and I seen you doing it." He said, "Thou art the Son of God. You're the King of Israel." Now, if Jesus has risen from the dead, then He will do the same.

L-216 Now, audience, now He is here, the Angel of the Lord. You're aware of that now, that something happened just then. Isn't that true? That's true. It is here? Now, to heal you, I couldn't. Your life you could not hide, for you're not in the presence of your brother; it's in the Presence of Him. Isn't that the truth? And you believe Him with all your heart, that God has sent us here to try to help you. Besides being sick yourself, you have a loved one that's sick. That's your husband. He has a rupture, doesn't he? Yes. You're both healed. You can go home now. God be with you and bless you. God bless you, sister. Simple faith touched and healed the woman.

L-218 Come. How do you do, sister? Suppose we're strangers to each other. We don't know one another. Now, I'm just your brother. It's for your baby, is what you're here for. A dark shadow hangs over the baby. Its disease is incurable, as far as doctors is concerned. Do you believe He would reveal to me what's wrong with the baby? With all your heart, you believe it? There's been some sort of a hospital experience. The baby has had an operation. And it's something in 54-0404E, God Has A Provided Way, Memorial Auditorium, Louisville, KY, 113 min the bowels. And there's some kind of a bone or something there that's wrong. And the baby has got a swollen liver now. Isn't that true? That's the truth, isn't it? Now, that wasn't me that said that. That was just fully surrendered to Jesus Christ. And His Presence is here. Now, the only thing I can do is ask God for your baby. You accept the baby's healing? Christ, Son of God, have mercy on this dying child. May it be made well this very night. Grant, Lord Jesus, that Your blessings come upon it and it'll be well, for I ask this in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. God bless you, mother. Let me hear about the baby, what--what happened. You're going to find a difference in it in the next twenty-four hours. Now, remember what I've told you. He Who knows what was, knows what will be. All right.

L-222 Come, lady. You believing with all your heart? You believe that the Lord Jesus Christ is here to heal and to make well? You believe me as His servant? You're conscious that you're in the Presence of Something besides man, and that's His Spirit.

L-223 The audience may not understand this. But watch the expression on the patient's face when they walk near here. Not 'cause it's me; I have nothing to do with it. I'm just a voice. But this woman here, or any of the rest, understands and knows that there's something supernatural here. And you can see it as a miracle. What is a miracle? Something that's not understood.

L-224 Now, the woman, a stranger to me, and I to the woman, know not each other; first time in life to meet, perhaps, but God has fed us both since we were born, lady. You believe that, the same Lord Jesus that talked to the woman at the well, that I have represented here tonight, that three hundred... or a hundred and three souls accepted Him as Saviour? You believe now that He knows your heart, and knows everything you've done? If He will reveal to me what you are desiring now, will you accept it? Neuritis. Is that right? You believe me now? Now, here's something else. You're interested in a loved one, which is a boy. And that boy has heart trouble. And he's a member of a church here in Louisville, a Baptist church. Go, the Lord Jesus bless thee and grant to thee the desire of thy heart. Amen.

L-226 [A brother on the platform says, "Say, 'Praise the Lord.'" Congregation says, "Praise the Lord."--Ed.] Just be reverent; accept, believe.

L-227 Now, I see a lady, colored lady, setting praying. She's got kidney trouble. You don't have it now, lady. Your faith has made you whole. Stand up. God bless you. Just believe with all your heart, and you shall have it. The Holy Spirit, New Testament religion... Amen. You believe that blood pressure will leave you, sir, setting there, looking at me? Yes. All right, you can have it. God bless you. Just believe Him.

L-229 Have faith, sister, setting there looking this a way, praying too. Got something wrong with your throat, haven't you? Setting right back behind that little girl there, you believe that God will make you well, the little lady setting here? You was setting there praying for me to say something to you. I know it's your throat condition. You don't need no prayer card. You just need what you got, faith. Do you accept your healing now? God bless you. You go home and get well now. Amen. Have faith. Believe with all your heart; Jesus Christ will bring it to pass. Oh, I love Him, don't you? All right. Come, mister. Have faith in God. Believe with all your heart. God shall bring it to pass.

L-232 How do you do, sir. Was you one of the standers, a few minutes ago? I see it's still Light around you. You accepted Christ as your personal Saviour. You're suffering with a nervous condition. Isn't that right? You've had a bad habit: smoking. God don't want you to do that. That's hurt--hurting your nerves, making you do that. Isn't that the truth? You want to get over it; you forsake cigarettes, you forsaken everything. Jesus Christ has already touched your body, and you're going to be well and serve Him. You believe now? That you might know this. You're not from this city. You're from out of town, aren't you? You're from Indiana. You crossed the river. You're from a city called Greensburg, or something like that, Indiana. Is that right? Now, you're all 54-0404E, God Has A Provided Way, Memorial Auditorium, Louisville, KY, 113 min right. Yeah. Now, you can go home and be well. God bless you.

L-234 The audience be reverent; be in prayer; be expecting God to bless and to heal. Amen. Have faith in God. You setting there, lady, with your finger up like this, suffering with a hi... You believe that God is going to heal you of that low blood pressure you got? You believe it? Yes. You believe He is. Stand up on your feet then and accept it, and it'll leave you, and you can go home and be well. You say, "What did that?" The same Jesus Christ that turned to the woman with the blood issue, said, "Thy faith has saved thee." Said... He knows all things, and He reveals it as He will. All right. Bring your patient. Have faith.

L-237 How do you do, sir? Do you believe me to be His servant? You believe you're in His Presence, not your brother. But you're aware that something is going on? Someone said I was reading your mind just then. That is wrong. Jesus Christ "perceived their thoughts." Is that right? The people's not thinking of their sins and things that they did. It's the Holy Spirit. All right. Look this a way, sir, and believe. Are we strangers to each other? We don't know one another, probably never seen one another in all of our life. Just this meeting. Then if there's anything about you or anything, your sickness or anything, only God would know. As far as I'm concerned, I don't know.

L-240 But I see you being taken to a hospital. You're just come out of a hospital. [The brother says, "That's right."--Ed.] There's something wrong with the blood, corpuscles breaking, or something. And you've had... I see you in a bed, and there's some kind of a something hanging up by you, it's something drip... It's blood. I see one, two, three, four, five, six, seven blood transfusions you've just had. Is that true? It is the truth. You've got a wife that's sick. She's got arthritis and liver trouble. Is that right? And you're not from this city. You come from up the river, from Cincinnati, Ohio. Your name is Berghaus. R. P. is your initial. Return home and be well. Jesus Christ has made you whole. Have faith in God. Telling him his name? Didn't Jesus Christ tell Peter, "Thou art Peter"?

L-243 Now, be reverent, friends. Visions make you so weak. You've been in the meetings this week, and you know what I'm speaking of. Just have faith in God. Believe. And there was something... Just a moment. I see a lady before me. No, it's--it's this lady setting right here at the end. You're... It's not you; it's a different-looking person. It's a loved one that's in a hospital, and they got cancer. And it's a lady, and she's in a dying condition. And she is your sister-in-law. Is that right? If it is, stand up on your feet now and accept healing for your sister-in-law in the hospital. The Lord Jesus Christ Who knows all about it...

L-245 All right, sister, you clapping your hand, rejoicing. You had something wrong with your hands, didn't you? All right, they're healed now, and you can go home. And you setting next to her there, you had gall stones, didn't you, lady, sitting there? Stand up on your feet. You can go home, too, and be made well. They leave you in the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Just believe. "All things are possible to them that believe." Have faith in God.

L-248 Bring the lady. You believe, lady, as you come? You accept Jesus as Saviour, and accept me as His prophet? Then if that be so and I've testified of the resurrection of Jesus Christ, He Who stood and talked to the woman at the well, knowed exactly what was wrong with her. He said, "Go, get your husband." She said, "Come, see a Man told me everything I ever done." He never told her all she ever done. But He knowed, as the Father would reveal to Him, all she ever done. Is He the same resurrected Lord Jesus? You've had an accident. No, you got something like it's a... You have been... It's the Holy Ghost is what you're seeking, the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That's right. And you got... I had seen something. You got a--you got a high blood pressure too, isn't it? Just a moment, a vision appeared before me. Oh, it's the woman setting there, praying. It's you that had a... You hurt your foot, haven't you? An accident, and hurt your foot. Is that right? And you got kidney trouble. Is that right? Come on across, with the lady, you're both going to be made well. Jesus Christ...

L-252 Hallelujah. Oh, the glorious, matchless Lord Jesus Christ Who saved your soul, just awhile ago, is a vindicating 54-0404E, God Has A Provided Way, Memorial Auditorium, Louisville, KY, 113 min His Presence. Amen. Check on your tape recording and see if what He says isn't the truth. Oh, have faith in God. Believe. "All things are possible to them that believe." All right, Billy, is this your patient? Bring him on. Believing with all your heart? Got a loved one's in trouble too, haven't you? They're not here in this city either. Got some kind of a jerking. It's a Saint Vitus' dance, like. Is that right? And they live in a city where there's a river. It's a big city, and there's a river goes by the side of it. And there's a lot of bri... It's St. Louis. Is that right? It is right. And you've got another relative, which is a sister or something, and she's from a country that's got hills in it, evergreen trees. It's Arkansas. And got heart trouble. Go, your desires is granted to you by Jesus Christ the Son of God.

L-255 Let's say, "Praise be to the Lord Jesus Christ, the resurrected One, the One from Calvary." Be reverent. Don't stir. Just a minute, and we'll close in a few minutes. Don't stir around like that. It makes it interfere me. I'm having... here tonight, watching... Be reverent.

L-257 Let the lady come. Do you believe you could get well by faith, and that tumor would leave you without being operated? You believe it with all your heart? You accept it now? In Jesus Christ's Name, may it be to you as your faith has said. Amen.

L-258 Sir, setting there, with the red tie on, you're suffering with a--a rupture. You believe that the Lord Jesus makes you well? You accept it? You're from out of town too. I see you come from up the river also, Cincinnati. Isn't that right? All right. While you're dual working, both stand to your feet right now and be made well in the Name of Jesus Christ. God bless you. It leaves you. Go home; be well.

L-259 Come, lady, having faith. You believe that female trouble has left you? You accept Jesus as your Healer for it now? That was an abscess, had drainage, and it would've pretty soon been to cancer. But your faith has saved you. Now, go, give God praise for it, and you shall have anything you ask for. Come, sir, believing with all your soul. If God will reveal what's your trouble, will you accept your healing? Heart trouble, is that right? You believe He healed you now? Then He does. Your faith makes you whole. Go, and God's peace being. Come, lady. You believe God will heal that baby as I come across the platform? It's got kidney trouble. Go now; Jesus Christ makes the little lad well, in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. You was nervous; that's left you also. God be with you. You believe Him? [The congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Have faith in God.

L-263 You want to get over that bronchial condition? You believe God heals you of it? If you believe it with all your heart, stand up on your feet, lady. Accept your healing. God bless you. You can go home now and be made well. All right. You believe with all your heart? Will you accept your healing if Jesus Christ, speaking, will reveal your trouble? We're strangers to each other, but He knows your trouble. You have a lady's trouble, female; it's the womb and ovary. Now, go, God has made you well. Your faith saves you, lady, in Jesus Christ's Name. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." [Congregation, "Praise the Lord."--Ed.] Every one of you can be made well at this time, if you'll believe.

L-265 Now, lady, stand where you are; look this a way. This whole audience, a big percent of them, suffers with that nervousness. Sometimes you think you're going to lose your mind, don't you? You get so nervous. Recently you dropped something; it was a dish or something; you was going across with it. But now Jesus Christ has healed you from it, and you're aware of that. Now, go on your road rejoicing.

L-266 Now, in the Name of Jesus the Son of God, I challenge every believer in here to believe that this is the truth. Do you believe it? Well, then, if this be God's vindicated truth, hear me. Lay your hands over on each other, while I pray for you. And I want every person in here now to accept your healing.

L-267 Almighty God, be merciful to the sick and the needy. Standing here, and this whole room seems to be one big Pillar of Light now, knowing someone's standing near with their hands around me, laying upon handkerchiefs; bless them, Lord, to the healing of the sick. All these needy people here with their arms and hands laid on each other, may the power, God's provided way, the Son of God, in His great power and majesty, sweep over this building like a 54-0404E, God Has A Provided Way, Memorial Auditorium, Louisville, KY, 113 min rushing mighty wind, and...?... it condemn every disease, cast out every evil spirit. Now, I condemn Satan, claim victory over him just now. And come out, Satan, of these people, in the Name of Jesus Christ. And let every one in here, that believes that Jesus heals them, stand to their feet and give God praise in Jesus Christ's Name. God, in Jesus Christ's Name, they now accept their healing. Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ Earnestly Contending For The Faith
