Date: 1963-12-01
Title: Wedding Ceremony
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Life Tabernacle
Location: Shreveport, LA
Duration: LA, no audio
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 63-1201w

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 [This wedding ceremony by Brother William Marrion Branham united Sharon Myers to William Simpson in marriage, at the Life Tabernacle in Shreveport, Louisiana, on Sunday morning at eight o'clock, December 1, 1963, in a Sunday School room before preaching An Absolute. The pianist played several wedding songs, and the Bridal Chorus, at the beginning; then the minister, the groom and his attendants came to the altar, then the bride's attendants came to the altar, followed by the bride--Ed.] Who will I ask for this woman to be the wife of this man? [The bride's father answers, "We do."--Ed.] Dearly beloved, we are gathered here together in the sight of God, and the face of this company, to join together this man and woman in holy matrimony, which is commanded by Saint Paul to be honorable among all men. It is therefore not by any to be entered into unadvisably or lightly, but reverently, discreetfully, soberly, and in the fear of God.

L-2 Into this holy state these two persons present come to be joined. If there is anyone here that can show a just cause why they should not be lawfully joined together in this holy matrimony, do you now speak, or, from hereafter, forever hold your peace. I will require and will charge you both, as you will surely answer at the Day of the Judgment when the secrets of all hearts shall be disclosed, if there is either of you that know any impediment why you should not be lawful joined together in this holy matrimony, do you now confess it, for be it assured unto you that any couples that are joined otherwise than God's Word doth allow, their marriage is not lawful.

L-3 But duly believing you have considered this solemn obligation you're about to assume, and that you have prepared to enter upon the same, reverently, discreetfully, soberly, in the fear of God, I shall propose to you the marriage covenant. You will witness the same as you join your right hands together. [The groom and bride join their right hands together--Ed.] Will you have this woman to be your lawful wedded wife, to live together in this holy state of matrimony; do you promise to love and honor and cherish, and support in sickness or health, riches or poverty, and will forsake all others as long as you both live? [The groom answers, "I will."--Ed.] Will you have this man to be your lawful wedded husband, to live together in this holy state of matrimony; do you promise to love, honor and cherish, and support in sickness or health, riches or poverty, and cleave thee only unto him as long as you both live? [The bride answers, "I will."--Ed.] I will require a token. [Two rings are placed on the minister's Bible, then offered to the groom for the bride, then to the bride for the groom--Ed.] Will you join back your right hands, and step forward for your covenant. Let us bow our heads.

L-4 Heavenly Father, as we are conscious of this act that we are performing, and realizing that You married the first couple that was married on the earth, when You married our father and mother, Adam and Eve, and commanded them to go forth into the world, and to be fruitful and multiply. Down to this day, Lord, this young man and young woman comes now to be united by the virtues of Thy Word and Thy Promise, as in their life's journey they have chosen each other to be their life's companion. I pray Thy blessings upon them, Almighty God. Make them an example in this day of reckless living, that a man and a woman can live true and virtuous in the sight of the world and before God. Make them fruitful, Lord. May they always serve You. May You be the unseen Guest, at all times, at their home. And as Thou did bless Isaac and Rebekah, and they lived so happily together through their life, I pray likewise that You will bless this young man and this young woman. Father, I pray that You hear me, Lord.

L-5 And now by the virtue of my commission to be the servant of God, given to me by Almighty God, and witnessed to me by an Angel, I pronounce this man and this woman, husband and wife, in the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen. 63-1201w, Wedding Ceremony, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, no audio God bless you. You are married. [The couple kiss, then face the congregation. The pianist begins playing the Wedding March--Ed.] Whatsoever God joins together, let no man put asunder. [The groom, the bride, and the attendants leave.]

L-6 The sweetness of wedlock! A man and a woman has been joined together, to face life's journey in its ups and downs. Father and mother, on both sides, had to give son and daughter. That's what your father and mother did one day. I pray God to strengthen you. And realize that this is part of your duty in life, as it was for you to have your wife or your husband, as your father and mother did the same. As I see two walking out like that, coming to be joined, I always get a picture of the Coming of Christ for His Bride. I'm trusting that we'll all be a part in that Bride, that day. He shall come, too. That's the happiest moment of this young people's life. That will be the happiest moment of a Christian life, when we're joined to Christ as one.

L-7 The Lord bless you. Let's stand. Heavenly Father, as our eyes has been turned to a wedding this morning. We're thinking of some glorious morning when Jesus shall come, and there will be another Wedding; when the redeemed of all ages, that's been redeemed by the Blood of the Lamb, shall be partakers of His Life also, the Eternal Life, and we'll have a body like His glorious body in which He lived now. We long for that hour. As we leave this room this morning, may it be afresh upon our hearts and our lives, dedicated, at that great Wedding that we're going someday. In Jesus' Name we pray. Amen. Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ Why Little Bethlehem
