Date: 1964-02-13
Title: Then Jesus Came And Called
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Elliott Auditorium
Location: Tulare
Duration: CA, 67 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 64-0213

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 Saint John, the 11th chapter, beginning with the 18th verse, I wish to read. Now Bethany was nigh unto Jerusalem, about fifteen furlongs off: And many of the Jews came to Martha and Mary, to comfort them concerning their brother. Then Martha, as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming, went and met him: but Mary sat still in the house. Then said Martha unto Jesus, Lord, if thou had been here, my brother had not died. But I know, that even now, whatsoever thou will ask... God, God will give it thee. Jesus said unto her, Thy brother shall rise again. Martha said unto him, I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day. Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and... life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this? She said unto him, Yea, Lord: I believe that thou art the Christ, the Son of God, which should come into the world. (And watch that!) Then when she had said so, she went her way, and called Mary her sister secretly, saying, The Master is come, and calleth for thee. [John 11:18-28]

L-2 Let us pray. Heavenly Father, confirm those Words to our hearts, tonight, as we wait on Thee now. Thy Word, Thy servant, and the text, is all committed to You, in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. You may be seated.

L-3 My purpose of being here is to try to help the people of God. Not in so much as to pray, and lay hands upon the sick, but that they might recognize Jesus Christ in our midst, the Son of God in our midst. We are speaking tonight on this subject: Then Jesus Came And Called.

L-4 Now on this time that we're speaking of, it was a very sad time. If you ever read the story in the life of our Lord, we find out that He was a great friend to this boy, Lazarus. He was... After the going away of Joseph, or he had left and come to live with Martha, Mary, and Lazarus. And they were great friends. They had... He was like a pastor to them, a--a real friend. And made Him little things to wear, a coat to wear, I believe, they claim, and it was wove throughout without a seam. And then they had done things for Him, because they believed in Him. It was they--they had believed and had seen that. They had left the church, and so forth, to follow Him. And that was a great thing in that day, which even the penalty of it could be death, to--to go away from it. [John 11:18-28]

L-5 But, Jesus, this Fellow that was going round as they claimed, tearing up their churches, and saying evil thing about their priest, and--and so forth, He had--He had done a great harm to them, they thought. And--and to even confess Him would a-been to--to be put out of the synagogues. And then if you're out from the church, they--they thought you had no--no chance for redemption. If you didn't belong to one of their sect, like Pharisee, Sadducee, or something, there was no redemption if you was outside of that. And if they had the right, the keys, and they could just kick you out if they wanted to. That was their own saying. No wonder Jesus said, "You, by your tradition, has made the Word of God of no effect." See? [Mark 7:13]

L-6 And now it's repeated again, 'cause we all know history repeats itself every so often. And it's sad to say, but it was prophesied to repeat, and it has done it again. We find that Jesus wasn't well thought of. [John 8:13-59]

L-7 Many times, people want to judge the man who doesn't agree with them. We're not to do that. We can disagree with one another, yet be friendly. If I couldn't disagree with a man, and still love him and pray for him, and disagree with 64-0213, Then Jesus Came And Called, Elliott Auditorium, Tulare, CA, 67 min him upon the basis of the Scripture, and for better enlightenment, then I won't say nothing to him. I always want to disagree with him, friendly, 'cause I love him, and I--I certainly don't want him to be lost. And he should do the same thing with me; we don't want to be lost. And we must base our thoughts upon what the Word says. Let the Word be Truth. Not our creed or what our thoughts, but what He says; no private interpretation, just what the Word said. [II Peter 1:20]

L-8 The other night, I did something and it seemed sacrilegious almost, I believe it was at a ministerial breakfast the other morning. I put Jesus on a trial. I said, "Just as they did then, so do they do today." Maybe it would be good if I repeat it just for a moment, if we have the time. Now, I said, today we find out that...

L-9 In Luther's reformation, he, in the time of that, he said the just shall live by faith. "The man that believes, he that's got It." But we found out many of them said they believed, and didn't have It. [Romans 1:17], [Hebrews 10:38], [Galatians 3:11]

L-10 In the days of--of John Wesley, if they got the second blessing, they called it sanctification, entire sanctification, they got happy and shouted. "Everybody shouted, had It." But they found out they didn't have It. A lot of them shouted, and didn't have It.

L-11 The days of Pentecost, they said, "Now the restoration of the gifts has come, the baptism of the Spirit. He that speaks in tongues, has got It." We find out that many spoke with tongues, and didn't have It.

L-12 So they say, "Well, the fruit of the Spirit, that's what It was." Oh, no, not the fruit of the Spirit. Christian Science has that, where hardly... Love is the fruit of the Spirit. Then, and they have more love than anybody, and deny the Deity of Jesus Christ; just call Him a prophet, just an ordinarily man. See? So that doesn't do it.

L-13 Let me question that just a minute. Let's take Jesus on trial. And God forgive me for this statement, from the platform, but I'm going to be against Him for a minute, just to bring you the Light. See?

L-14 "Now I've got you people here tonight; I'm talking to you. I was back in another day when Jesus of Nazareth was on earth. I come to you, and to reason with you against this Fellow, Jesus of Nazareth. Now we all know that God is love. The Bible says He is. All right, and the love, the Spirit is long-... long-suffering, gentleness, patience, meekness, and so forth, and love. Now I'd say, I want to ask you something. We're going to take what--what we know, a Christian.

L-15 "Look at this old priest of yours. His great-great-great- grandfather was a priest. He had to be born in that lineage of Levites, to be a priest. We find out, now, he doesn't have a young man's life like the rest of you did. What does he do? He sacrifices himself, he is up there to study the Word, the Word of God. He goes through it, day and night, day and night, has to know every letter of it, every word on the scroll. He has to know it by heart. He--he, just something about it that he must know.

L-16 "Then, besides that, when your father and mother was married, who joined them together as husband and wife? Your godly old priest. Who was it come to your father when he was in need and had owed some money on his farm, that the mortgagers was going to take it. Who stood by him? Your kind old priest. Who stood by your mother in the room there when she was giving birth to you? Kind old priest. Who comes to you when you're sick and needy? Your kind old priest. Who was it blessed you and committed you to God, and circumcised you the eighth day? Your kind old priest. When your father and mother was about to divorce, who brought them back together, held them together? Your kind old priest. When there is trouble in the neighborhood, who takes care of it? Your kind old priest. Certainly.

L-17 "Now this kind old priest knows that the Bible said that God requires a lamb for a sacrifice. Many of you man are businessmen, so you don't raise sheep, yet God requires a sheep. They made some stalls up there, they sold their sheep so that the--the businessmen could go up and buy it, offering a sacrifice for their soul, that God requires.

L-18 "What did this young Fellow, called Jesus? Where did He come from? Said He was born, a virgin birth. Whoever heard of such a nonsense thing? We know His mother had Him before her and Joseph was born... or her and Joseph was married, He was born. Now we find out that He's a--He's a bad name, to begin with.

L-19 "What membership card does He have? If He was a godly Man, what group did He join with? When your priest studied, studied, studied, studied, to know that Word; here He comes around, tearing down what he has built up. Would 64-0213, Then Jesus Came And Called, Elliott Auditorium, Tulare, CA, 67 min you call that 'God'? Certainly not.

L-20 "Now, the other day, when your priest had made that place up there, the... and for where you could buy the sacrifice, what did this young fellow do? Kindness? He beat, put some ropes together, some...?... and looked out upon the people, with anger; kicked over those tables, and beat them out of there. And you call that fruits of the Spirit, looking upon them, with anger? And, look, depriving the man of his opportunity to worship Jehovah! The businessman wants to worship Him; he don't raise lambs, and he went there to buy it. And He turned it over, and kicked them, and run them out."

L-21 Who has the fruit of the Spirit there? See? There you are. See, not fruit of the Spirit, not speaking in tongues, not shouting.

L-22 You say, "Then, Brother Branham, what is the evidence? What is the evidence?" The vindication of the Word in the hour.

L-23 They had the Bible. He was exactly what Jehovah said would happen. It don't need any interpretation. It interpreted there. There was your priests, there was all they had, and everything else just so routined and everything, but yet they failed to see the Word. And He made that Word live out for that age. That's the evidence of that age.

L-24 Luther had the evidence of his age, Wesley of his age, Pentecost of its age, but we're in another age. Those things are good. But like the baby, has got a finger, an eye, and nose, but after a while he has to become a human being. He has to become a--a matured child; then be born, have a soul, body, spirit, can move around.

L-25 Now we find out that, all this, Jesus had declared it in just a few. Just those who He had ordained to Life, saw Him. Not great crowds; His crowd could never like be like Caiaphas' crowds. Why, Caiaphas could have called the whole nation together. Jesus called just a few together. Not many knew Him. Thousands times thousands, when He came on the earth. He went through the earth, and they never even knowed He was here. [John 18:12-14]

L-26 So did they again! He'll come to those who are called to Life. He knows who is called to Life. And He'll not... It's His business to take care of that.

L-27 Now we notice that then they come out of the church, and they had believed Him. Everything the Word had been saying about Him, there He was.

L-28 And one day He left their home. I want to speak of three things: Jesus had left; death had come; and all hopes was gone. I want to speak on those three things for a few minutes. [John 11:1-15]

L-29 Jesus had left. And when He left, trouble come in. Now when He leaves you, or your home where you dwell at, trouble is on its road. Satan has got an open door when Jesus leaves.

L-30 He had gone, and--and as soon as He did, then death came in. And when Jesus goes out, death comes in. To be separated from Him is death, so death come in when Jesus went out.

L-31 And death had lingered with Lazarus. And then the One that they believed in and loved, they had sent to Him to come pray for Lazarus, 'cause they had seen Him and knowed that He knowed God, that whatever God... Martha expressed it back there, "Whatever Thou sayest to God now, God will do it." She recognized that He and God was one. He was the Word of the hour, so she recognized that. And she knew, if she could ever get in contact with Him, but He was gone and they couldn't get a hold of Him. And they sent for Him, and, instead of Him coming, He went on further. And then they sent again, and, instead of Him coming, He went on further. [Mark 11:24]

L-32 Sometimes we wonder why those things happen, but doesn't the Scripture say that, "All things work together for good to them that love God"? He knows what He is doing. If He delays, that's all right. He knows what He is doing. There was a purpose. [Romans 8:28]

L-33 We find out that He said, in Saint John 5:19, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing." [John 5:19]

L-34 The Father had told Him to go away, and to be away so many days. After the days was accomplished, then He said what He said then, that, "Our friend Lazarus sleepeth." 64-0213, Then Jesus Came And Called, Elliott Auditorium, Tulare, CA, 67 min And he said, "Well, he does good." [John 11:11]

L-35 He said, "He is dead. And for your sake I'm glad I wasn't there." Cause, they'd a-been trying to get Him to go to him, to heal him or say what had to be done. But He knowed what had to be done, so He had done just exactly what He was ordained to do: stay away. You notice Him at the grave when He come back. He expressed that when He came back and found this home. [John 11:14]

L-36 All hopes was gone. Lazarus had died. Every hour, they kept thinking, "He might come on the scene. He might come on the scene. He might come back." Finally, he died, the breath left him. [John 11:1-15]

L-37 They went out, embalmed him, taking the blood from his body, wrapped him in linen, spices, and embalmed him and laid him into the grave, put a rock over the grave, which was their custom of burying in them days. A hole in the ground, just maybe in the rock, and lay a rock over the top of it, that was their custom. [John 11:10-15]

L-38 First day passed, second day passed, third day passed, fourth day passed, the man was already rottening in the grave. His nose had probably fell in. That, I think that's the first thing that falls in, is the nose. And he was already rotten. His--his flesh had gone back to the dust, of the earth, or going back. His soul was four-days journey somewhere, from him. [John 11:10-15]

L-39 All hopes of ever seeing him again, in this life, was gone. And then when all hopes was gone... They had waited, "Maybe if He'll come the first day, second day!" No. Then he died, and He hadn't come. Then desperation set in.

L-40 After a while there was somebody must have told her, "The Master is outside." Here goes Martha down the street! [John 11:20]

L-41 Jesus came in that dark hour when every hope was gone. That's usually when He comes. See? He comes just at that darkest time, then Jesus appears on the scene.

L-42 Now watch, He come and called for Martha. His Presence brought new hopes. No matter if the boy was dead, yet His Presence brings new hope.

L-43 You might be setting here tonight, my friend, where the doctors has give you up, with cancer, heart trouble. Maybe in a chair, crippled, all science has said there is no hope for you; the deposit of calcium has--has knotted your--your--your bones, that you can't bend them no more. Or, either your--your heart is so bad, the doctor says you might go at any minute. Oh, and great bunches of people with cancer and TB, maybe the last hope you got, and it seems like that the doctor has turned you down. Yet, to be in the Presence and recognition of the Presence of Jesus Christ, brings hopes again. [John 11:20]

L-44 Somebody can even name it to you. Maybe you've never heard of it before, but let somebody say, "I know where there is a church, they believe in God and they pray for the sick," quickly now (you're ready to die), see, new hopes spring up. It always does. In that dark hour, that's usually when somebody says something about it, tell you about Jesus. His Presence brought new hopes. [John 11:20]

L-45 May It do the same thing tonight, like It did last night, when we see that vindicated Word beyond any shadow of doubt, that's been made manifest and proved; that that Jesus that lived nineteen hundred years ago, that died on Calvary, rose up on the third day, and appeared to those disciples and opened their eyes, and made this promise of the day, is right here tonight in our presence now. It's bound to bring hopes to people. New hopes flash up.

L-46 Maybe somebody said, "The church has been kind of dry for a while. We haven't had any good fresh water for--for--for a few months. We haven't had a revival. Looks like everybody is so stagnant, or something another. We just go to church and sing a hymn, and--and hear a few messages and go back." But all of a sudden, then, when we begin to get dry, then Jesus comes on the scene, freshens us up, brings something new to us. He is always there to do that. New hopes comes when--when Jesus comes in. His Presence brings new hope.

L-47 She knew that He was that manifested Word of God. She had seen that age. Or, if she wouldn't, she'd a-still been Orthodox. She'd a-still belonged to the church. But she had seen that promised Word. She had seen that promised Word manifested by Him and she knew that He was that living Word. And when she heard about it, she didn't care how many 64-0213, Then Jesus Came And Called, Elliott Auditorium, Tulare, CA, 67 min criticized her, what else, she took out for Him just as hard as she could go. See? She knew He was that manifested Word. [John 11:20]

L-48 No doubt but what she had read of the story of Elijah in his day. Now, he was God's manifested Word in that day. He was a prophet, and the Word of the Lord comes to the prophet. And there was a woman in there, who had a little baby that had been given to her by a blessing that the prophet had blessed her by, and she had the child. [II Kings 4:1-20]

L-49 One day, about eleven o'clock, he must have had a sunstroke. He was out in the field with his father, the Bible doesn't said it was, say it was sunstroke, but he begin to cry, "My head! My head!" About eleven o'clock in the day. And he had a servant, the father did, to take him to the house. He laid on his mother's lap till about noon, got sicker and sicker, and finally died. [II Kings 4:19]

L-50 And now, instead of going to spare, all the neighbors come in screaming and going on. But that steady mother, her baby was dead, she took it up in that little room that she had provided for the prophet, and laid him upon his bed, like that. And she said to the servant, "Saddle me a mule, and you ride straight, and don't you stop unless I tell you to." Oh, my! That's it! [II Kings 4:24]

L-51 We ain't got time for debating and fussing. This is past that day. Let's go on. We got to get there. We got a need.

L-52 And so he said, "You go forward, and don't you slack your riding unless I command you to." And they went till they got to Elijah.

L-53 Elijah, being a man of God, not like Christ; Christ knew all things, 'cause He was God. Elijah was a portion of God. That was Christ in Elijah. And that was the message of the hour, for the Word of the Lord for that hour was with that prophet.

L-54 Jesus was the fulness of all those prophets, every one of them only manifested Him. That's all. All the way from Joseph, from thirty pieces of silver, everywhere, He--He portrayed Christ. So did Moses!

L-55 David, setting as a rejected king upon the hill, weeping because he was rejected. Eight hundred years after that, the Son of David set on a hill. That was the Spirit of Christ in David there. And He... My! He was both Root and Offspring of David. And so He set up on the hill, weeping, as a rejected King, "Jerusalem, Jerusalem, how oft would I have hovered you, as a hen would her brood." What was it? It was Christ back there. [Matthew 23:37]

L-56 It was Christ crying when David wrote the hymn, "My God, why hast Thou forsaken Me. All My bones, they stare at Me. They pierced My feet and My hands. They parted My garments among them. They cast lots for My vesture." That was Christ speaking in David. That's right. He was the manifestation of the Word. Christ come to fulfill them things that had been spoken by the prophets, 'cause the Word was with the prophets. [Psalms 22:1, 16-18]

L-57 He said that in the lesson last night, that He come to fulfill what the prophets had said about Him, 'cause they had the Word. And Elijah was God's prophet, the Word of that day.

L-58 So the Shunammite woman stayed with that prophet until he come and manifested the power of God, and laid hisself upon the baby, and the baby come to life.

L-59 Now Martha must have recognized this, although she had been busy taking care of a house, dishwashing, and so forth. But there she showed her color. She showed really what was in her. She went to get Him immediately. If God was in Elijah, God had to be in Christ, 'cause He had proved that He was that Person. Amen. I like that, that determination! She goes to Him. She had to get to Him. And she find out there, as she got to Him--to Him; now remember, knew that He had never changed, that God never changes His program. If He was in Elijah and could raise the dead, He was in Christ and could raise the dead, though He hadn't done it, 'cause it's the same God.

L-60 Neither has He changed yet! Just as much God tonight as He ever was. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He changes not. [Hebrews 13:8]

L-61 And He knew she knew that it was in Him. Watch, just in a few minutes it proved it, when she said something to Him about her brother, and she said, "Lord, I--I believe that You are."

L-62 And He said, "I am the Resurrection and the Life. Though he were dead, yet shall he live. And whosoever liveth 64-0213, Then Jesus Came And Called, Elliott Auditorium, Tulare, CA, 67 min and believeth in Me shall never die. I AM." That's the I AM was in the burning bush, with Moses. "I am the Resurrection. I am the Life. I was the wall. I am still He. I am the Resurrection and the Life. He that believeth in Me, though he were dead, yet shall he live. Whosoever liveth and believeth in Me, shall never die." After this great assurance that she had, that He was the promised Word; when He said, being a Prophet, He could not lie; therefore He, when He said, "I am the I AM. I am He that is the Resurrection and Life." [John 11:25-26]

L-63 She said, "I believe that You are the One, the Son of God that should come in the world. Although my brother is dead, laying out there in the grave, he's... his body has decaying now; but even now, whatever You say, it'll come to pass." Right! [John 11:27]

L-64 All she wanted was to hear Him say it! Amen. Oh, Martha, where are we tonight? "Just speak the Word; my servant will live!" Just hear Him say it! They might have come told her He said it, but here He was Hisself. O God, open blinded eyes, that they might be able to see! When He, in His Presence, speaks the Word, always is manifested.

L-65 She said, "Whatever You ask God, God will give it to You. Just let me hear!" She wanted Him to say the Word. That's all she wanted to hear. Just get the Word, that's all she needed, was hear Him say He would do it. [Mark 11:24]

L-66 And He would have done it right then, but, you see, by the vision that the Father had showed Him, He had to be standing by the grave. Oh, my! Hold your faith! God is working everything right. It'll be all right. Just wait till she got to the grave.

L-67 Notice, she could just get Him to say it, even when he was yet... All hopes gone, all everything. He was dead, rottening in the grave, but just hear Him say it, is all she wanted.

L-68 Now when He said, "I am the Resurrection and Life," she believed it. She believed it. Now notice, now she had to believe for the impossibles, when she heard Him say, "I am the Resurrection and Life. Though he were dead, yet shall he live, and whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die." Said, "Do you believe this?" [John 11:25]

L-69 And she said, "Yes, Lord, I believe it. I believe that You are the Son of God that was to come into the world." I like that. I like that. [John 11:27]

L-70 I've said this before. It might stand again now. I was talking to a woman not long ago, it was a certain church that I mentioned a while ago, that doesn't believe that He was God, His Deity; He was just a prophet, an ordinary man.

L-71 He was that, truly. He was that, plus God. See, He was the manifestation. Jesus is the body, the Boy, the Man; God was what dwelt in Him. God was in Him. He was a God-man. He was a Man, yet He was God manifested in flesh. When we see Jesus, we see God. That's what He said, "When you see the Father, see Me, you see the Father." Because, He was the reflection, because He was the Word, amen, that was in the beginning. Amen. [John 14:9]

L-72 He called the prophets, "God." Do you know that? He said, "You call them 'God' who the Word of God come to. How can you condemn Me when I say, 'I'm the Son of God'?" [John 10:34-35]

L-73 Cause, the same Word said He would be there, and there is the Word made manifest again. And still they wouldn't believe it.

L-74 This woman said to me, "I can prove to you." Said, "I like to hear you preach, but there is one thing you do too much." "Well, what's that?" Said, "You brag too much on Jesus."

L-75 I said, "I hope that's all He has against me when He comes." And she said... I said, "I hope that's all He can, fault He can find in me." I said, "If I had ten thousand tongues, I could not speak enough, oh, my, what He is!" She said, "But, you, you make Him God."

L-76 Said, "He was. Or, if He wasn't, He was the greatest deceiver the world ever had." She said, "He was a prophet."

L-77 I said, "He was a prophet, that's true: a God-prophet, the fullness of the Word. The prophet just had the Word come to him, that's what make him--made him a prophet. But He was the fullness of that Word." 64-0213, Then Jesus Came And Called, Elliott Auditorium, Tulare, CA, 67 min

L-78 And she said, "I can prove to you." Said, "You make Him Divine." I said, "He was Divine." And she said, "He can't be Divine." I said, "But He was." She said, "You said you believed the Bible." I said, "I do."

L-79 She said, "I'll prove to you, by your own Bible, that He wasn't Divine."

L-80 I said, "Do it. If the Bible says so, then I'll believe it, 'cause I believe the Word is right."

L-81 She said, "On the road from down to Lazarus' grave, you remember that in Saint John 11?" I said, "I certainly do, madam." [John 11:35]

L-82 Said, "Well, now, on the road down, He cried. The Bible said, 'He wept.'" I said, "Certainly, the Bible said He wept." Said, "How could He be Divine and weep?" I said, "He was human." "Human and Divine?" [John 11:35]

L-83 I said, "Yes, lady. You fail to see. He was a--a man going along there, crying with those that were crying, that's right, grieving with those who grieved. He was a Man. But when He straightened His little, frail body up, and said, 'Lazarus, come forth,' and a man that been dead four days, stood on his feet. That took more than a man, that was God in the Man." Who can raise the dead, but God? He is the Resurrection and the Life! That's right. [John 11:43]

L-84 That night out on the sea, when He was out there, tired, laying in the back of the boat, where ten thousand devils swore they would drown Him that night, and that little old boat flopping around like a bottle stopper out there on a stormy sea. Them devils thought, "We got Him now. He is asleep; we'll sink the whole bunch." Oh, He was a Man, tired, but when once aroused, He stood His foot up on the brail, and looked up and said, "Peace, be still," and the winds and the waves obeyed Him. That was more than a man. [Mark 4:39]

L-85 He was a man when He was hungry. He come down off the mountain, looking for a piece of bread or something to eat, or a fig off of a tree. But when He took five biscuits and two fishes, and fed five thousand, that was God in that Man. That's right.

L-86 Oh, every man that's ever amounted to a hill-of-beans believed that, all the poets that believed that. No wonder one wrote: Living He love me; and dying, He saved me; Buried, He carried my sins far away; Rising, He justified freely forever; Someday He is coming, O glorious day!

L-87 Eddie Perronet, when his songs would not sell. One day, staggering under the impact of the Holy Spirit, grabbed a pen, he wrote the inauguration song, when he wrote: All hail the power of Jesus' Name! Let Angels prostrate fall; Bring forth the royal diadem, Crown Him Lord of all!

L-88 Hallelujah! Certainly, that's what we believe He was. Yes, sir.

L-89 She has got to believe for the impossibles now, to modern thinking of that day. So do you have to believe for the impossibles, to see new Life, to see something happen. But if He recognized... She recognized Him to be the Word, then the impossibles can take place, because He is the creator, and will stand by everything He said. [Matthew 19:26], [Mark 10:27] 64-0213, Then Jesus Came And Called, Elliott Auditorium, Tulare, CA, 67 min

L-90 "And all things are possible to them that can believe." That's His Word. But the impossibles are made manifested when God is took at His Word. Yes, sir. When God is took at His Word, the impossibles are--are made manifest. When God says it'll be, then you take that Word and watch what, the impossibles happen. It certainly will. [Matthew 19:26], [Mark 10:27]

L-91 But notice, even in all that, she said, "Even now, Lord, whatever You ask God, God will do it." She knew that she could just get that Word to come from Him. That's all she needed to do, was get that Word. Yes, it was her darkest hour, and Jesus come along and called. Oh, what a thing they saw, a resurrection! [John 11:22] Let's look at some more where the dark hours come.

L-92 There was a man one time, named Job, one of the oldest prophets in the Bible. He was a great man. He had--he had loved the Lord, and he done all he knowed how to do. And Satan desired to sift him, so he said to God one day... Yeah, God said to him, rather, "Where have you been, Satan?" [Job 1:1-7]

L-93 He said, "Oh, walking to-and-fro and up-and-down on the earth." [Job 1:7]

L-94 He said, "Have you considered My servant Job? There is none like him in the earth. He is a perfect man." [Job 1:8]

L-95 "Oh," he said, "sure, You give him everything, do everything for him. Certainly, he's a great man. But let me have him one time, I'll change the tune. I'll make him curse You, to Your face." [Job 1:10-11]

L-96 He said, "You can't do it." That's His confidence in a believer. Why? He is Infinite. He is Eternal. He knows the end from the beginnning. He knowed Satan couldn't do it. For, He is the Word, He knowed what Job would do. [Job 1:8-12]

L-97 Now, remember, Job, he broke him out in boils, killed his children, took everything he's had. His health was gone. Even his comforters came, and they couldn't do nothing but just accuse him of being a secret sinner. And old Job got in such a place until he got so distressed. [Job 2:5-10]

L-98 You have to get in distress, first. You have to get to a time we're at the end of the road.

L-99 Job got into the end of the road, when he said, "Cursed be the day that I was born. May the sun not even shine, and may the moon not shine by the night, may the name never be called." And in that distress, then Jesus came along. He looked down, and he said, "I see a man. A flower die, and it rises again in the spring. If a tree blows down, it comes up again through the scent of water." He seen all botany life living again, but said, "A man layeth down, he giveth up the ghost, where is he?" You knowed he was an old man. He said, "His sons come to mourn over him, and he perceive it not. Oh, that Thou would hide me in the grave and keep me in the secret place, till Thy wrath be passed. Appoint me a time and set me a time. We went..." And going on like that, talking. He was at the end, of his distress, "What would happen? The leaves live, come back in the tree, the flowers come back again, everything else come up, but a man layeth down and giveth up the ghost!" He was in distress. He didn't know what could happen to him, and him at that age. [Job 3:1-2, 8-9], [Job 14:2, 7, 10, 13]

L-100 When he did, then Jesus came along. God pointed his head towards the sky, and he saw Jesus coming in the last days. [Job 14:2-14]

L-101 That darkest of hour when his wife said, "Curse God and die the death," yet he said, "Woman, thou speakest like a foolish woman. The Lord gave, and the Lord taken away, blessed be the Name of the Lord." Even his wife turned him down. His church turned him down. Everybody turned him down. [Job 2:9-10]

L-102 In the dark hour, where he didn't know where he was going from there, Jesus came along. Then he screamed out, "I know my Redeemer liveth, and at the last days He'll stand upon the earth. And though after the skin worms destroys this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God, Whom I shall see for myself." In his darkest hour, then Jesus come along. Yes, sir. [Job 19:25-26]

L-103 Moses, for Moses, the darkest hour come for him in Israel. He was right in the line of duty; met God up there in a bush, and said, "I AM THE I AM." He went down and fought through all kind of impersonations of Jannes and Jambres, trying to impersonate his work. All this, he had stood true to God. He finally got Israel to believe. And here 64-0213, Then Jesus Came And Called, Elliott Auditorium, Tulare, CA, 67 min he comes out of Egypt, going up to the--to the promised land, where God said, "You'll worship Me on this mountain." That was the Word of God. Moses knowed he had to go to that mountain. Amen. God said so! No Pharaoh can kill him. No Devil can kill him. Nothing can kill him. He is coming to that mountain. Amen! Hallelujah! I feel religious. He is going to that mountain. [Exodus 3:12, 14]

L-104 So are we on our road to Glory! Nothing is going to stop us. No, sir. God is going to vindicate His Word. I don't care what takes place, He is going to do it, anyhow.

L-105 He is on his road, right in the path of duty. Here he is, hemmed in between the mountains. He listens and hears a roar behind him. What is it? Pharaoh's chariots, by the thousands, coming; armored, and spears and things, to ride them down and trample them down. There is the Red Sea, had him cut off. What did he do? He got in di-... He got in distress. The people all screaming, "Oh, we're in for it now. Pharaoh will kill us, his swords will be run through us. Our babies will die here in the wilderness." Moses cried out, "O God!"

L-106 And then Jesus came on the scene. He was the Pillar of Fire. That's right. He come down and He hung between him and the danger. Amen. He is our go-between. He's the stand-between, amen, a mediator. There He stood, standing there; darkness to the Egyptians, those who were coming to try to do something about it. He was light to them, to walk by. Then in the morning when the wind started blowing real hard, that night, then what did He do? He had come in the form of the Pillar of Fire.

L-107 Remember, He is still that Pillar of Fire. Yes, sir. When He was on earth, He said, "I come from God, and I go to God." [John 13:3]

L-108 And after His death, burial, resurrection, and ascension; Saint Paul, on his road down to Damascus, he was struck down by that Pillar of Fire. Remember, he was a Hebrew. He would have not said this... He said, "Lord, Who are You?" Capital L-o-r-d, Elohim. "Who are You that I persecute?" He said, "I am Jesus." [Acts 9:5]

L-109 Amen! Hallelujah! He's the First and the Last. He's everything. "A little while and the world seeth Me no more, yet you will see Me. I'll be with you, even in you." The same Pillar of Fire, the same God doing the same thing, with the same promise, amen, making His Word manifested. "I am the Resurrection and Life. I am He that Was, He that Is, and He that Shall come." Yes, sir. Yeah. "Our fathers eat manna in the wilderness." [John 16:16], [John 11:25]

L-110 He said, "They're, every one, dead. But, I AM THAT I AM." Moses... In the burning bush, that was the I AM. He is still the I AM, not I was; I AM, present tense, all time. [Exodus 3:14], [John 6:49]

L-111 We find out here that Moses is backed out into this corner, and the Christ had come down. Now, and the Bible said that, that, "Moses esteemed the--the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures of Egypt." The reproach of Christ! Christ was the anointing, the Logos that went out of God. The Angel, any Bible reader knows that that Angel was Christ. And there He was in the wilderness, and He came on the scene, in the form that He was supposed to be manifested in. Glory to God! [Hebrews 11:26]

L-112 He comes today in the form, the same Christ, manifesting Him. [Luke 17:30]

L-113 He told them He would take them out. He was doing it. There He come to stand by His Word, to vindicate It. Then after He had done come, like He did to Martha, then He called. He said, "Moses, why are you crying to Me? Speak to this people, that ye go forward." That dark hour, the Red Sea opened up and they went across, on their journey to fulfill the Word of God. Yes, at Moses' darkest hour, then Jesus come along. We got time now... And He called Moses. [Exodus 14:15]

L-114 We want to draw your attention to another little man. His name was Jairus. There is so many of them in the world today. He was a secret believer. He loved Jesus. He had heard about Him. He believed Him. But, you see, he had already joined hisself to an organization. Yeah. He--he--he just... He couldn't come out and confess it. He believed it, but he couldn't confess it, so he had done joined up with the unbelievers. But he really believed it. [Luke 8:41-56] 64-0213, Then Jesus Came And Called, Elliott Auditorium, Tulare, CA, 67 min

L-115 You know, when a man gets in that shape, sometime God brings Him to the showdown. It's in distress when we really show our colors, what we really are.

L-116 So there he was, he was already joined up to the unbelievers, and he had done went over and put his name on the book, and so forth. And he was a priest, and so he--he just couldn't hardly make a confession, 'cause that was his meal ticket. So, but he still believed Jesus.

L-117 One day, his little girl got sick. Oh, my. He, no doubt the man had picked, like that, would have called the doctor. The physician come, attended to the child. The fever got worse and worse. After a while she got so hot, and everything, she finally got to the point of death. He was in distress. He had to do something. He, he just didn't know what to do. Now he thought, "If I could only find Him, wherever He is." Now he never waited until it got nighttime, like Nicodemus did, to have a private interview. Time was for action, the time had come for action and he must act then. [Luke 8:41-56]

L-118 And I think, brother, sister, the same is now. The time has come for action. The time has come to believe or don't believe. That separating line comes to every man and woman. It comes to every child. Sometimes when you pass that line, there is only one thing left, that's judgment, when you pass between mercy and judgment, when you pass that line.

L-119 Remember, he got in distress. He didn't know what to do. There stood his priests, all the rabbis standing around him. The fellowship was with him, all down there, watching his little girl die. The doctor standing on the outside, with his hands folded, shaking his hands, "I've give every medicine that I knowed, and still..."

L-120 See, it was Jesus a working all the time. Jesus was doing this for a purpose, to bring the color out of that little fellow. After a while, I can see him go get his little black hat and pulled it on, put his little priest coat on. "Where you going?"

L-121 "I heard He's down at the river. I'm going after Him!" Oh, my! Away he went!

L-122 In that hour of distress, he had to make a decision: let his child die, or he knowed that was the manifestation of the Word. He was a priest, and he had read the Word, and he knowed that that was God's manifestation. God was in Christ, reconciling the world to Himself. He knew that, and he was forced to the issue. He had to make a mistake, let his child die, or make his confession. When he got in that distress, it was about that time that Jesus came along. He went to see Him. He said, he said, "I'll go with You, whatever You say." And out on the road, here come a runner, the dark thing there. Had made his confession, that he believed Him. He had done excommunicated himself then, and put hisself in public eyes then, that he was a believer on Jesus. [II Corinthians 5:19], [Luke 8:41-42]

L-123 And here come a runner, said, "Don't bother nobody, 'cause your girl has already died. She died yesterday. She is already dead. Don't, don't fool with it no more." [Luke 8:49]

L-124 And, oh, his little heart like to a failed. But he looked and seen those eyes of Jesus, said, "Didn't I say to You? Don't fear, if you want to see the glory of God. What you scared about? I've already told you I would go." [Luke 8:50]

L-125 He has already said He would come. He has already said He would do this, and here He is doing it. Amen. He said He would rise on the scene in the last days and do these things as He did, as we've read last night and talked. Here He is doing it. What are you scared about? [Luke 8:49-50]

L-126 Remember, when He came, and He called her from the dead. He came on the scene and called her from the dead. Old blind Bartimaeus, one time, hit his darkest hour. [Luke 8:53-55]

L-127 Jesus was down there, organized a Full Gospel Business Men's breakfast down there in--in Jericho, and He had Zacchaeus down there. He had met him in a tree, down the street. So when He was... Well, He wouldn't organize anything else, I'm sure. See? So then when He come down there, He--He had him, Zacchaeus had went with Him. [Luke 19:1-10]

L-128 Old blind Bartimaeus had been blind since he was a little boy. So he thought Jesus might come out that gate, and he was waiting. After a while he heard a lot of noise, and everybody coming by. [Mark 10:46-47]

L-129 And he heard the priest saying, "Hey! Hey, You, You going up the hill there! Did--did--did... We hear that You 64-0213, Then Jesus Came And Called, Elliott Auditorium, Tulare, CA, 67 min raise the dead. We got a whole graveyard full of them up here. If You be the Messiah, if You be the Messiah, come up here and raise these dead."

L-130 You know, that same devil still lives, see, in the form of religion, the same way. See?

L-131 "If You be the Messiah, we... You raise the dead; we got a graveyard full of them up here. Come." And, oh, everybody screaming. One hollering, "Hosanna to the Prophet!" Another one hollering this, that, or the other. Such a confusion!

L-132 This old blind man thought, "Oh, I missed Him. He come out down there, and I thought He'd come here. I've been put in the wrong place." And he got to screaming. He thought, "If He is the Word, He is God; He has got to be." So, "O Jesus, Thou Son of David, have mercy on me!" In that hour of distress, he called out. [Mark 10:47]

L-133 Now Jesus, if you'll mark it here, was at Jericho. Where they said he was setting, he was a hundred and fifty yards from where Jesus was. With thousands of people rushing around Him, He couldn't have heard that man's cry. No. But He felt it. He stopped. [Mark 10:47-50]

L-134 I want to preach, one of these nights: "And then Jesus stopped." Oh! "And then Jesus stooped." Oh!

L-135 But when Jesus stopped, what was it? He called him. "The Master has come. Don't be weary," said the disciples, "He calleth thee. He is calling you." Called him out from that crowd. [John 11:28], [Mark 10:49] He does the same thing now. Does it soak in? See?

L-136 "The Master has come and has called for you." And He is calling from--from blindness to light, from darkness to light. And He called him, passed from death to Life. "The Master has come and He calls for you." And when He called him, He give him back his sight. [John 11:28]

L-137 The little woman with the blood issue, one time, up on the hill, had spent all of her money, with the doctors. She no doubt had sold the--the team. They had sold the--the farm, had it mortgaged. They had spent all they could with the physicians, none of them done her any good. She constantly got worse and worse. The blood wouldn't stop. Constantly, on and on it went, she got deeper and deeper. [Luke 8:43-48]

L-138 And one day, while setting there knitting, up on the hill from where she lived, she looked down into the valley, and she seen a boat come in. Everybody begin to run, "Hosanna to the Prophet!" [Romans 10:17]

L-139 She had heard about Him. Faith comes by hearing. Now she said, "I'll go down and get a look at Him."

L-140 And when she walked down there, and she first got a sight of the Word of God manifested in flesh, there was something about His talk and His looks, that she knowed that was Him. Yes, sir. "Oh, if I could only attract His attention some way, if I could only touch Him in some manner!" And she slipped through the crowd and she touched His garment. [Matthew 9:20-21]

L-141 Now remember, it wasn't her finger that He felt. No, sir, because the Palestinian garment hangs loose. And He... Then Peter said, "Everybody has touched You." [Luke 8:43-48]

L-142 He said, "But this is a different touch. I perceive that I have gotten weak." [Luke 8:46]

L-143 Jesus had come. Her money was gone, everything was gone; but in that dark hour when the blood wouldn't stop, and the doctors couldn't stop it, Jesus come. And what did He do? He called her. Looked around till He found her, and He said, "You had a blood issue, but it stopped." [Luke 8:43-48]

L-144 "He is the same yesterday, today, and forever." "The Master has come and He calls for you. He has come and He called." He called her back to health. [Hebrews 13:8]

L-145 The little woman at the well, that we spoke of last night, all hopes was gone. Perhaps, maybe her fifth husband had left her, and she just took the sixth one that night, and she--she was in a little doubt about him. Morally, she was gone. She wanted to be a real lady; she, no doubt, she had been reading the Bible. [John 4:1-10]

L-146 And she was going along there, going up about eleven o'clock. She couldn't come early in the morning when the righteous women come. And they packed their water up on their head, and the jugs, and went back down. And so she 64-0213, Then Jesus Came And Called, Elliott Auditorium, Tulare, CA, 67 min couldn't come, mix with them. They, they had a segregation of that in that day, the right and wrong didn't mix together. The immoral stayed in their place, so she couldn't come with the rest of them. They wouldn't let her come. So after everybody had got their waters and went back... She come for Better. [John 4:7-10]

L-147 And then she come up there with this pot on her head, no doubt she was going along, thinking, "Now, the man that I married, got a hold of last night, I'm doubting him. He's a man, he acts so funny. I--I just don't know about him. I haven't got a chance. I'm ousted from society. And I can't go to those churches, they don't... Just look at them! I don't know what to do. I'm in distress. And I've been reading the Bible; surely, someday, that Prophet will come on the scene. Now I know they've claimed that there is no such a thing, and, 'this is so maybe a hundred years off, and a thousand years off. We've been looking for it for thousands of years, and it's never happened yet, so we ain't looking for it now. Everything is so. Oh, no, we got churches and things. We don't need nothing like that now.'" So then she was going along there, thinking. [John 4:7-10]

L-148 You know, when you think about Him, that's when He appears to you. Like we had last night, when they was on their road to Emmaus.

L-149 When she thought on those things, she heard a Man say, "Bring Me a drink." [John 4:7]

L-150 What about it? In her darkest of hours, when her morals was gone. Maybe a pretty little lady, been turned on the street to live that. Sometimes it's not the little girl's fault, it's her parents' fault, to let her get out like that. And there she was, maybe her little curls all hanging down; she was depleted, going along, weary, and nobody had anything to do with her, the child, and may be a big story behind it. [John 4:7-30]

L-151 Anyhow, I know one thing, she had read the Bible, and she believed the Bible. And there was a little seed laying down in her heart, says, "If it ever happens, I'll know it." She was predestinated to that. [John 4:7-30]

L-152 Look at that old Judas standing there and acting like what he did. It was black down in the bottom of his heart. The Light was shining up here in his works, but down in his heart he didn't believe It. And here she was... See, the Light couldn't get down to that. But here she was, believe, she believed It, but her life was blacked out; when the Light struck, It took the blackness out. But when the Light struck up here, It blacked it all over. That's the difference. [John 4:7-30]

L-153 See, she was born for that purpose. She, she said, when He told her how many husbands she had, she... What happened? She got all at once excited like. She got in distress. She said, "Sir, I perceive that You are a prophet. I know that when the Messiah cometh, He'll do these things." [John 4:19], [John 11:25]

L-154 Then He called her. Then He called her. "I am He, He that speaks with you." She recognized it by the Word of God. He called her from her sins, to a Life. And her name is in the Bible, and she has got immortal Life today. [John 11:25], [John 4:26]

L-155 He can call you the same way, because He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. The... [Hebrews 13:8]

L-156 Yeah, her morals was gone, but still she knew that He had that discernment. She knowed that that had to be the Messiah. Then when Jesus said, "I am He, I am He," she knowed that was. [John 11:25]

L-157 One time the disciples was out on the boat, all hopes was gone. The storms, they had went away without Jesus, and the storms was just--just like it was at Lazarus' house. All hopes was gone. The little old boat had waterlogged. And they was screaming and crying, and maybe praying and going on, and the lightning a flashing, and the boat filled up with water, the mast poles dropped down, the oars broke, and they were holding one another, crying. [Mark 6:47-51]

L-158 And in that real darkest of hour, then Jesus come walking along. But He looked like a shadow to them. He looked scary, like a spirit, and they cried out with fear. [Mark 6:49-50]

L-159 That's what's the matter today. Jesus comes in the hour of your dark hour, and you're afraid of It. You don't know what It is. [Mark 6:47-51]

L-160 They didn't know what He was. They said, "Oh, it's a spirit!" They was screaming. [Mark 6:49-50]

L-161 And then He called them, said, "Fear not, it is I." In the darkest of hour, Jesus come along, their help. That's the 64-0213, Then Jesus Came And Called, Elliott Auditorium, Tulare, CA, 67 min way He always does, comes in the darkest of hour. Then Jesus came and manifested Himself, and come to them. Peter said, "If it be You, bid me come on water." Jesus said, "Come on." [Mark 6:50], [John 6:20], [Matthew 14:28]

L-162 You know what, friends? Soon He will come for those in this last days. Now, isn't it strange that the church has got in this dark hour again?

L-163 I'm going to say something here. It's not a doctrine. I'm just prophesying. You know what's happened? It's going to come to a place, soon, mark my word, that all denominations are going to have to join the Ecumenical Council. If they don't, they can't have the support of the Council. Therefore, there'll be a boycott, and nobody can go to these churches, or go to any churches; unless you have a mark from your own church, you cannot buy or sell. You see it just as it was, so is it going to be again, a mark unto the beast. And the church, they're realizing that, spiritual people.

L-164 And you Pentecostal people, anyhow, are recognizing it. You've begin to feel it. When your churches, many of the organizations of the Pentecostal; and I don't have to call your names, but you know right now they are, they are coming into it. They've done witnessed that they were. And when you do that, what are you going to have to do? You're going to have to forfeit your Evangelical teaching of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You're going to have to forfeit your doctrine of the Bible.

L-165 And the members is not going to stand for it. Real born-again Christians will die, first. They are born by the Word. They know this thing is coming. Yes, sir.

L-166 And isn't it strange? And right in this darkest of hour, then Jesus comes along and calls them, said, "Don't get scared. It's Me. I'm still with you. I'm here to manifest My Word." As He was then, so is He now. He said He would do that. Oh, my! The Master has come and has called for us. [Matthew 14:27]

L-167 Many sick people here, no doubt, that they're sitting here, and the doctor has told you there is no--no hope for you. You may be in your darkest of hour, but, remember, the Master has come and called for you.

L-168 And someday, someday, the Master is going to come and call for every name that's wrote on the Lamb's Book of Life. If yours are not there, get it on there now, for He is going to come and call. Even those that are in the grave shall hear His Voice and come forth to Life. The Master will come and call for you. And while He is calling today, answer and make preparations for that Day, is my advise to you. [John 11:28]

L-169 The promise of this age, He promised He would be here. The things that He did, He would do again, and now again the Master has come and calls for you.

L-170 Let us bow our heads. I got about six more pages here, but I--I can't get to that now. Let's bow our heads. I promised to let out early, and it's already quarter after.

L-171 Heavenly Father, O Lord, let it happen again. All these things that I have said, "Jesus has come and calls for thee." What does He do when He comes? He calls. And let it happen again, Lord. Let Thy Holy Spirit come among the people tonight, the Lord Jesus in the form of--of the Spirit. Let Him come tonight and reveal Himself, and then manifest Himself. Like those people, how they believed, we will believe, also, Lord. There is many here, maybe, that's never had this opportunity. We pray that You'll grant it to them again tonight. For we ask it for the glory of God, in Jesus' Name. Amen. [John 11:28]

L-172 That's it, sister, but just go ahead with that. That's fine. Go right ahead. Oh, real quiet, everybody.

L-173 Do you believe He has come? He has. Does He still call when He comes? Now if you'll just only believe. If you'll just believe the Word of God, God will grant it.

L-174 Now look, I haven't got time to call the prayer line up here. I'm going to call them tonight, out there, if the Lord willing. The Master has come. He has come to fulfill His Word in the last day. And what He was then, He is today. What His manifestation or identification was then, it is today, because He is still the Word of God. Do you believe that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] And the Word of God is a discerner of the thoughts, intents of the heart. And way He did then, is the way He has always did. He is still the same. If He would do that just now, would you believe Him? 64-0213, Then Jesus Came And Called, Elliott Auditorium, Tulare, CA, 67 min Would it make you believe Him? [John 11:28]

L-175 You people out there now, let me look first and see if there is anybody that I know, setting anywhere in here, that I know.

L-176 All that's around, up in here, that don't know me, raise up your hands; know that I don't know nothing about you, and you're sick, raise up your hands. I guess, everybody. All right, now, you believe. You just believe with all your heart. Don't doubt. Have faith. Believe God.

L-177 I'm going to ask you to be real quiet, be seated. Don't stir around now, please don't. See? See? You are a--a soul, body, and spirit. And your spirit... And the Holy Spirit is real timid.

L-178 How many remembers, many years ago, that the Holy Spirit, when I come out here and told you? When I take the people by the hand, He told me this discernment would come, and then go on? You remember it, remember that? But He said, "If you can get the people to believe you." Remember them days, many years ago? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] You've got to believe.

L-179 I seen a man, I believe it was down here at the other meeting, setting right there. And the Holy Spirit... I been watching him when I was preaching. He was a crippled man. He had crutches under his arms. And just when I started to make the call, Satan come to the man, a black shadow. And I watched it with my own eyes. He got up and walked out. He'll always be crippled, see. And so, he, where he'd be healed right there if he just--just... See? But, just, I don't know why. I guess he just listened to the enemy. But if you'd stand and watch those shadows, see those things in forms, the way they are, and watch them how they do. See, it would be.

L-180 Now, I cannot heal. The man that tells you he can heal you, he's wrong. You're already healed. But, it's recognizing the Presence of Jesus Christ. Now if Martha knew that if she could see Him again, that she would get her desire, because He was the manifested Word, can't we believe that much tonight, to believe it? Sure, we ought to. He has come. He has come, He has come in the form of the Holy Ghost. That's Who He is. Now you just pray.

L-181 See, up here, if I had somebody standing here, right here by me, just--just praying; seen so many people praying, it's all over the building. You just have to watch it. You can't say. "Say, Brother Branham..." No, sir. I--I couldn't do it, no more than you can dream me a dream. See? You might dream. You, God could have you dream a dream of me, you believe that, but you can't do it yourself. You can't say, that, "Brother Branham, I'm going to dream a dream of you now." No, you can't do that. Neither can I see a vision. Ever who gives a dream to you, that's the one has to do it. The same way it is by a vision.

L-182 I see a man sitting right here at the end of the row, with arthritis. If he will believe with all of his heart, God will heal him of the arthritis. Do you believe He'll do it, sir? Sitting out there, the Mexican man, sitting at the end of the row, will you believe it? All right, sir.

L-183 The lady sitting next to you, she also has arthritis, too. Do you believe God will heal you, lady? (Has this got a rebound to it? I'm afraid the people don't hear it.) You will? All right.

L-184 How about the other little Mexican lady sitting by her? She is suffering with a stomach trouble. Do you believe God will heal your stomach, lady?

L-185 She got it. When I see that Light go down, that means it happened. Yeah. That's it. It struck her. There It was, swirling right around... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... that does it. See? When He can find the faith! See, "Many things He could not do because of their unbelief." [Matthew 13:58]

L-186 Here is a lady sitting here praying, right here. She is scared. She should be. She has got a cancerous condition, real bad. I don't know you, but God knows you. Do you believe that God can tell me about this cancer, or something another? Look at me. There is so many there praying, you see, is what I'm saying it for. Look at us. Now, yes, you're not from here, this is not your home. You're from a place called Porterville, California. That's right. Do you believe God can tell me who you are? He knows. Your name is Mrs. Wintham. That's right. Now believe, and the cancer will leave you. If thou canst believe! That's all God asks you to do. If thou canst believe! [Mark 9:23] 64-0213, Then Jesus Came And Called, Elliott Auditorium, Tulare, CA, 67 min

L-187 Don't you believe that with all your heart? Somebody in this section in here, can't you believe? The Master has come and called for you. He is calling you from death to Life, from sickness to health. [John 11:28]

L-188 Here is a man setting right back here, head down, praying. He is really not praying for himself, he is praying about somebody else. It's a--a girl. It's his daughter. Do you believe, sir? You got trouble with your legs. You got trouble with your knee. That's right. No need of weeping, that's Him there by you. Your daughter is in a hospital, isn't she? Tuberculosis case. You believe. You believe? The Master has come and calls for her. Will you believe that you'll find her totally well? You will? May He visit her tonight, and you. May it be over. [John 11:28]

L-189 Here is a little boy, little brown-faced boy. He is suffering with a skin disease, and asthma, a little Mexican boy, Mexican boy sitting there. He isn't from here. He is from San Jose. Do you believe, son? Another thing, your father is here with you. He is a minister. That is right. Do you believe God can tell me what your name is? Would it make you believe real strong? Your name is Reuben. Now believe. All right.

L-190 The Master has come and He calls for you. Oh, sinner, oh, sick person, don't you see the Master manifested in a human beings, between believers? He has come to call His believing children to health. He has come to call the sinner to repentance. Backslider, church member, the Master has come and calls for you. [John 11:28]

L-191 Do you believe it? Do you believe it for your need right now? If you do, raise up your hand, say, "I believe for my need." Then raise up on your feet now and accept it. The Master is come and calls for thee. And whoever you are, whatever need you have for, the Master has come and He calls for you. He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. [John 11:28]

L-192 That little women went into the city, and said, "Come, see a Man Who told me what was wrong." You didn't go into the city. You come and seen it, yourself, so the Master has come and calls for thee. [John 11:29], [John 4:29]

L-193 Raise up your hands and praise Him, and say, "Lord Jesus, I'm a sinner; forgive me. I'm a backslider; take me back, Lord. I need the Holy Ghost; fill me. I'm sick; heal me. I'm crippled; make me well." The Master has come and calls for thee. Rise up your hands now and give Him praise. Amen. [John 11:28]

L-194 Give us a little chord here, "I will praise Him, I will praise Him." You know, "I will praise Him." You know that, don't you? Do you believe? I will praise Him, I will praise Him, Oh, praise the Lamb for sinners slain; Give Him glory, all ye people, For His Blood has washed away each stain.

L-195 You love Him? Now don't you love to sing to Him while He is here? He is a Spirit moving around through the building. He knows your hearts, knows all about you. Let's sing it to Him, with all of our heart. I will praise Him, (raise your hands when you do it), I... (now just praise Him)... praise Him, Oh, praise the Lamb for sinner slain; Oh, give Him glory, all ye people, For His Blood has washed away each stain.

L-196 Oh, lady, you in the wheel chair, if you'll just believe a little more right there. "I..." Let's try it once more. I'm waiting on something. I will praise Him, I will praise Him, Oh, praise the Lamb for sinners slain; Give Him glory, all ye people, For His Blood has washed away each stain.

L-197 Now while we sing that again, turn around, get a hold of somebody's hand, while we sing it, sing, "I'll praise Him." Come on, all together now. I will praise Him, I will praise Him, Praise the Lamb for sinners slain; 64-0213, Then Jesus Came And Called, Elliott Auditorium, Tulare, CA, 67 min Give Him glory, all ye people, For His Blood has washed away each stain.

L-198 Oh, sinner friend, won't you walk up here now? Come up and give Him praise, all ye people. All you people that wants to confess Him as Saviour. In His Presence, while the saints are worshiping in the Spirit, won't you come here and stand? Say, "I want to testify, tonight. I want to give Him praise. I want to come. I'm not ashamed of Him. I want the world to know that I accept Him as my Saviour, right here while He is present." Come while we sing it. I will praise Him, (won't you come?) I will praise Him, Oh, praise the Lamb for sinners slain; Oh, give Him glory, all ye people, For His Blood has washed away each stain.

L-199 Oh, that's it, lady, come right on. Who else will come, in the Presence of Christ? Come right up here, sister, stand here.

L-200 Some other person that wants Him to be your Saviour, right now, that's not ashamed. He said, "If you're ashamed of Me before man, I'll be ashamed of you before My Father and the holy Angels." If you're not ashamed of Him now, and you want Him for your Saviour, while He's here! You've seen Him. It's so perfect, the Word Himself make It known. Come up while the saints are worshiping now. Won't you come up? [Mark 8:38], [Luke 9:26]

L-201 God bless you, sir. Here comes an old lady, coming to a real age. Won't you come now? I will... (sing it now)... I will praise...

L-202 That's right, young folks, come right on around. Just praise. God bless you, lady, that's the way to do it. God bless you, young ones. ... sinners slain; Give Him glory, all ye people, For His Blood has washed away each stain.

L-203 While the ministers are going to these people now won't somebody else come? Backslider, will you come, say, "I'm ashamed of my life"? Here He is. You believe me to be God's servant? Raise your hands. Why, Jesus Christ is in the midst of us. Won't you come? Give Him glory... (Won't you come, give Him glory?)... people, For His Blood has washed away...

L-204 Martha, are you coming, or are you going to set in the house with Mary? Are you going to stay back in some organization, and say, "Oh, my church don't believe It this way," when Christ is made manifest? Are you going to set back and say that, or are you coming out? "Well, I'll tell you, when I..." No. Today, this is the hour. Death hangs around you, like Jairus' daughter.

L-205 Come now! Backslider, come now. Sinner, come now. This is the time. The Master has come and He calls for you. He is calling you. You say, "How do I know?" He is using my voice. If He uses my voice to tell sickness, afflictions and things, don't you know He is calling also for sin. Come out! Come now, this may be the last opportunity you'll ever have.

L-206 Once more, there is more in here ought to come, friends. I don't want to embarrass you, to call you out like this. That's not right. If you'll sometimes maybe... Them Pharisees thought they were saved, but they wasn't. You are thinking the same thing. Come now.

L-207 Be sure! Don't, don't just take a halfway chance on it. If there's a little doubt in your mind, don't take no chance. Come on now. Now is the time, now while the Fountain is open, while the Holy Spirit is here. The Master has come. That little doubt, is what He is trying to tell you, "You're doubting." Give it over. Come on, now. The Master has come and calls for thee. That's right, just keep coming, keep right on coming. I will praise Him, I will praise Him, (Won't you come give Him praise?) Praise the Lamb for sinners slain; 64-0213, Then Jesus Came And Called, Elliott Auditorium, Tulare, CA, 67 min Give Him glory, all ye people, For His Blood has washed away each stain.

L-208 Now while the sinners are coming, to claim Him; let the people give Him praise, as we sing it now. Up with your hands, sing, and praise Him, all together. I will praise Him, I will praise Him, Praise the Lamb for sinners slain!

L-209 Just give Him praise! You people around here, pray, ask Him to forgive you. That's what He'll do. The Master has come and calls for you. God bless you. Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ The Voice Of The Sign
