Date: 1965-04-25
Title: God's Provided Place Of Worship
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Embassy Hotel
Location: Los Angeles
Duration: CA, 99 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 65-0425

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 Let us bow our heads just a moment. Dear Heavenly Father, we certainly deem this a privilege to be here today in this city of Los Angeles, and amongst these, the believers that... the Elected that's been called out of the world, separated children of God, in this great hour that we're living, under this great expectation of the appearing of our Lover, the Lord Jesus, at any time. We thank Thee for this in our heart, that we believe that He will come in our generation. We're looking for Him today. If He isn't here today, and we're here tomorrow, we'll be looking for Him tomorrow.

L-2 Dear God, we pray that this meeting will be just a--a special meeting. May it be a time that it'll make a--a record for the Church advancement, that'll be on Your Books in the Eternity. Bless every feeble effort that we put forth, Father. We realize that we're a total failure without You, so therefore we must have You, Lord, if it can we continue. And we do not want this for our own glory. We want this for Your glory. For that's our heart's desire, is to see Jesus glorified in His people. To strengthen the faith of those, Lord, in this day when the battle is so hard, we've come in for this revival among us, and a retreat, a refreshment. We pray that You will grant all these things to us, for we ask it in Jesus' Name. Amen. (You be seated.) [I Peter 4:11]

L-3 Brother Shakarian, Sister Wyatt, and to the friends of our Lord Jesus Christ, I certainly appreciative of this opportunity to be in Los Angeles again, to preach of this glorious Jesus that we're all out here to learn more about today. If our efforts...

L-4 [Someone speaks to Brother Branham concerning the microphone--Ed.] Yes, sir. [Blank.spot.on.tape]... this kind. This is quite a complicated affair. Say, this thing doesn't like to cooperate. [Others suggest how to adjust microphone.] Well, it isn't going to work like that. [Blank.spot.on.tape]... Brother Shakarian. Now that sounds a little better.

L-5 I'm kind of small, got a small voice, and but a great big Message from the Lord. A lot of opposition from Satan, to keep from bringing It, but we'll get here anyhow. We're trusting this will be a great week for all of us.

L-6 I was sitting there thinking of how many times that our dear deceased Brother Thomas Wyatt, no doubt, had spoke from this same pulpit, a great servant to Christ.

L-7 I knew Brother Wyatt. He was always a great inspiration to me when I would meet him and talk with him. I remember, just as a boy preacher, he would always... his book, called, Wings Of Healing. I like that title, Wings Of Healing.

L-8 And we're glad to be here in this temple that's been dedicated for service of Christ. God bless his widow, and all of you people who... Sure, I know you miss him, too. I missed his program. When I heard that he was gone, I--I could hear that voice. He was getting a little aged, but he still carried a good strong voice, and--and had a message from God. And his life still lives on here in you people. And over in the mission fields where he sent all those units, and so forth, the Gospel still moves on because of Thomas Wyatt. May his soul rest in peace until the time we meet him in that glorious Land where there is no death or old age. We're here to carry on now until our time is called or the great general resurrection when Jesus comes to get us all.

L-9 Now I know you have service here, I think, tonight. And I was told, a few moments ago, that--that you had service here tonight, so I will hurry up as quick as possible.

L-10 Because, I've got Monday night, Tuesday night, Wednesday night, so forth, this week, so I'm trusting that the Lord will bless us. We're going to pray for the sick. We're going to preach Christ, if He will, if it be His will, in all the power of His resurrection that He will permit us to do. And whatever He gives to do, that we want to do with all our heart. And I--I know that He'll bless us if we'll just believe Him.

L-11 And now just before we open the Word, to read It, I want to speak to Him again, while we bow our heads and get quiet now, and trusting the confusion is over. We realize, all Christians know, that the enemy, our enemy, works on 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min every hand. But, see, when things like that happen, just hold quiet. God knows what it's all about. See, just sit still, He might have been doing something you might not know nothing about right now. Let's speak to Him.

L-12 Father, we pray now that You'll calm the sea, the mighty Lord Jesus come walking in on His Word now, introducing to us, in a new spheres, and His power and manifestations. We ask this, as we read His Word, may It be quickened to our hearts today, that we might know Him, in the power of His resurrection. For we ask it in Jesus' Name. Amen. , [Philippians 3:9-10]

L-13 Now if you'll turn in the Book of Deuteronomy. I want to read a verse, or two, out of the Book of Deuteronomy, the 16th chapter of Deuteronomy. Observe the month of Abib, which means April, and keep the passover unto the LORD thy God: for in the month of Abib the LORD thy God brought thee... out of Egypt by night. Thou shalt therefore sacrifice the passover of the LORD thy God, of the flocks and of the herd, in the place where the LORD shall place... (pardon me)... in the place which the LORD shall choose to place his name therein. Thou shall not eat no leavened bread with it; seven days shall thou eat unleavened bread therein, and the bread of affliction; for thou comest forth out of the land of Egypt in haste:... thou mayest remember the day that thou comest... out of the land of Egypt all the days of thy life. And there shall be no leavened bread seen in thee, all the coast, all thy coast seven days; neither shall there be any... flesh, which thou sacrificedst the first day at the evening, remain at all until morning. Thou mayest not sacrifice the passover within any gate... which the LORD thy God giveth thee: But at the place which the LORD thy God shall choose to place his name in, there thou shall sacrifice the passover at evening, and the going down of the sun, at the season that thou comest forth out of Egypt. [Deuteronomy 16:1-6]

L-14 [A baby now cries out, in the congregation--Ed.] Like we got some trouble again. I believe I can holler louder than that kind of a thing, see. See?

L-15 It's a very strange text I wish to speak a little while on, this afternoon, is on: God's Provided Place Of Worship.

L-16 Now, this is unusual. But as I've said, many times before, that God usually dwells in unusual manners, unusual places, does unusual things, because He is unusual. Ever who believes on Him, acts unusual. There is many, many things that we would like to say about His unusualness. But I know that all, who are acquainted with Him, knows that He is unusual, does the unusual things, some sometimes at the unusual time. So we are trusting today that God will bless these, this reading of the Word, and the text that I have chosen to talk to you about.

L-17 Now, what I think that caused our trouble here, was, they cut them tape recorders in over there, and just pulled the current right out of the microphone. So, if they don't fix it, why, you'll hear me anyhow. God will fix our ears so that we can hear.

L-18 The reason I want to speak on this text, and it's a good time to do it, at the Full Gospel Business Men's meeting, is because all of the churches, or many of them, are represented in this group, all different denomination.

L-19 And I find, many times, that people, meeting them on the street, in the highways, and on planes, trains, buses, I'll say to them, "Are you a Christian?"

L-20 One of them will say, "Well, I'm Methodist. I'm Baptist. I'm Presbyterian. I'm Lutheran. Pentecostal," or something on that manner. And all... [Microphone system squeals--Ed.]

L-21 Everyone has got a denomination that he wishes to represent. And that's perfectly all right to be represented by a denomination, but, still, the bad part of it, that each one thinks that this certain group is the only group that--that's going to go to Heaven, and it's the only one that--that God is represented in, at all, is somebody's certain group. I thought this afternoon would be a good time to settle that. [Congregation applauds--Ed.] And perhaps that's why Satan keeps working on this microphone. You know, anything that man makes will go wrong, but what God makes doesn't go wrong. So being a good time to do it, a good place to do it, so, God help us that, by His grace, we will try to do our best 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min to talk about it.

L-22 Now this text, coming out of the Book of Deuteronomy. I understand that Deuteronomy... as I have some Scriptures and things written down here.

L-23 It used to be I could think of them real fast, but since I passed twenty-five, the second time, it comes a little hard for me to remember it all. So, I go into the room and pray. And as He gives me the Scriptures, I jot them down, and maybe a note now and then, with it, kind of keep my mind running the way it was when He gave it to me.

L-24 Deuteronomy being a Greek word meaning "two laws," the word Deuteronomy. And God has two laws.

L-25 And one of them is the law of death, to disobedient to His Word. We find that, when Eve disobeyed His Word, it brought death. That's one of His laws, "The day you eat thereof, that day you die." , [Genesis 2:17]

L-26 And then He has another law, which is the law of Life, to obedience, if you don't do such a things. Why, keeping His Word, you'll live. [Romans 8:2]

L-27 It boils down to two things, to my way of thinking, that's, either keeping His Word or disobeying His Word. , [I John 2:5]

L-28 One of these laws was given at Mount Sinai. And the other was... That's the law of death. The other law was give at Mount Calvary, where the law of Life was given, through Christ Jesus. He also has two covenants. [Exodus 31:18], [Exodus 34:29-32], [John 3:16]

L-29 He had a covenant with Adam, the first man on earth. And that covenant was on conditions, "If you do so-and-so, I'll do so-and-so." Adam would had something to do in order to keep this covenant alive before God. He had to walk in God's ways, keeping all of His Word, not breaking one Word. [Genesis 2:16-17]

L-30 But then He made another covenant, and that was with Abraham. This covenant was not on conditions, but was unconditionally. God gave the covenant to Abraham, no strings tied to it, at all. Unconditional! Not, "I will." "I have! I've already done it." [Genesis 17:2-8]

L-31 And that's the law that Christians must live by. Is not what we do ourself, but what He has done for us. Christ has already been sacrificed. Not, "He will be." He has been! It's a finished product. He lived, died, rose again, ascended into Heaven, has come back in the form of the Holy Ghost. So, it's a finished work, with God. Christ, knowing no sin, became my sin; that I might stand in His place, He took my place. I was in Him, at Calvary, when He died. There I must die with Him, to live. Because the law of sin and death is in the body, you have to die, to be reconciled to Him. , [Romans 8:2-3], [II Corinthians 5:21]

L-32 But now we get all these words that we could use, these great texts, which we're all familiar with many of them, and the great types of the Scripture. But, this afternoon, we're confronted with this, that, in the face of all this, He still says there is only one place that He'll meet you, in the face of all of our different theories. We've had Judaism. We've had Mohammedanism. We've had... We got all kinds of creeds and denomination, churches, and so forth, but yet God said there is just one place that He'll meet you. All those places, each one says that, "He meets in my church. And if you don't belong to my church, He--He won't meet you. You, you just got to be in this group or He--or He just won't meet you there. Or, He won't meet you nowhere else but there, rather."

L-33 And then we find out here that He does have one place, just one place only. "Thou shall sacrifice the sacrifice in the place that the Lord thy God shall choose." Now He's got a chosen place that He meets the worshiping children, and they were not to sacrifice anywhere else but in that one place. Any other place would not work. He had one certain place that He would meet them. And one place, alone, is where He meets the worshiper. [Deuteronomy 16:2, 6]

L-34 And then, if that be true, we better be very careful that we find that place. I think it's very behooving to us, that, as people who know that we are dying, and living in a dying race, living in a dying age, living in a dying nation, under the banner of death.

L-35 And this world must soon come to an end. It can't go much longer. Sin is too deep. It's beyond hope. There is no more hope for the world. It's past that. 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min

L-36 I believe the Holy Spirit is gleaning in the fields, finding this one and that one, for the hour is far spent. The Gospel has been preached to every nation. Ism's and things has followed It, but yet the Gospel has went on just the same.

L-37 And now, at the end time, we see the things happening the way they are, there's a great warning amongst the elected people of God, to find what is right. And it behooves us to know that. Now, not somebody's theory, but to know what is Truth, what the Bible says is the Truth. Because, it'll be too late one of these days, for us, and this may be the day, so let's take real consideration of what God has said.

L-38 Remember, when God speaks a Word, He can never take it back. He has to ever remain the same. He can never say something, and then say, "Well, I--I didn't exactly mean that." See, He is infinite. He knows the best, to begin with. We say things that we think is best, then after a while we take it back. But God can't do that, and remain God. So if He is infinite, He--He does not do that, because He is perfect in every Word. He never utters a Word unless it's Eternal. All of His Eternal's was with Him at the beginning, His thoughts, His attributes, and they're only expressing themselves in the world today. [Ecclesiastes 3:14]

L-39 Now, remember, He has a provided place, one place alone where He'll meet the believing children. Anywhere else won't work.

L-40 Remember, Jesus said, when He was here on earth, talking to a bunch of people who was very religious, very fine, very cultured, a very zealous people, of God, but Jesus said to them, "In vain you worship Me," teaching for Doctrine their traditions of man. Remember how pious those people was, and how zealous of God. I believe if we were counting the people who were more zealous, of today or that day, they would be more zealous than we are. Far more! When it come to keeping the traditions and laws, and things, they lived by those. And they were very zealous of God, and they believed God. But Jesus, God made flesh among us, said, "In vain do you worship Me." Now, He didn't say they didn't worship Him. They was worshiping Him, but in vain. [Matthew 15:9], [Mark 7:7-9]

L-41 So anything in vain is of non-, no avail, doesn't do no good. You should never do it, because you're just wasting your time. You're wasting your breath, you're wasting your efforts, until we come to know what we're doing.

L-42 Surely, if God expects people to be perfect, as Jesus said, "Be ye therefore perfect even as your Father in Heaven is perfect," there must be some preparation somewhere. And He said, "I'll choose the place that the people will worship Me. No other place will I meet them." And, now, that's got to be that place, and we ought to seek it out. Find out where it's at, and then go there. And I think we should turn there, quickly, when we find the place, leaving other things alone. [Matthew 5:48]

L-43 Now, remember, Jesus said in this same Scripture here that I'm quoting. Man's tradition then is in vain. We should never fool with it. There needs be, somewhere, some place that He has provided a place for us, that we could come and the worship would be received. Now, remember, outside of that chosen place, no matter how sincere you are, how fundamental you are, you are still worshiping in vain. [Deuteronomy 16:2]

L-44 I know that sounds rude. But, the building is about finished, we don't want it shaking. Let's bolt it down with the Gospel, so that when people meets you on the street, or wherever you are, you Christians, that you'll have an answer for them.

L-45 In the hour when they're saying, "Oh, this is That. And I seen these do this, and that do that." Certainly, all these things has got to happen. But there is a place that's provided by God alone, and that's the place that God meets the worshiper, alone. [Deuteronomy 16:2, 6]

L-46 Notice the 2nd verse, "Worship in the place that I have chosen." Chosen what? In this place shows' that He has a place where all people worship. Other places are in vain. "And in this same place," He said, "I have chosen also to put My Name in this place. I'll choose a place, and I'll put My Name in it, in this place that he's going to worship." [Deuteronomy 16:2]

L-47 Now, this shows that there is one place, just one. It must be God's choosing; it can't be ours. We have no choice coming; He's already chose it. Now, what God chooses is right. I can choose wrong, you can choose wrong, but God 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min cannot. Choose right. After all, it's, He's the one that's being worshiped. And He's got the place where He wants His worshipers to meet there, and we must meet Him there. That's the only place that He stays; only place that He'll hear you from. [Deuteronomy 16:2, 6]

L-48 Let us notice here, also, "The place I've chosen to worship Me in, I'll put My Name in that place." [Deuteronomy 16:2]

L-49 Oh, now let us search the Scriptures for that place that He has His Name in. Now we have shadows and types, all through the Bible, we know that, of different places where He met the people, but that's not the place that He'll meet them today. Because they were only foreshadowing something, coming up to the real place where He's to meet the people, the place, the Church that He is to meet in. And there is a place, there is a Church, that God promised to meet the people in this place and answer their prayers, if they would just come to this place and worship Him.

L-50 Now we find out that there is many claim that--that they have the place, God's Name is in their place. But, you see, they put God's Name in there. There is a lot of difference between God putting His Name there, and somebody putting there, His Name there. See? We must remember that God said, He would put. "I have put My Name. I will put My Name in this place. And that's the place that I choose, and have chosen, that people should worship." [Deuteronomy 16:2]

L-51 This, bringing us now in view of these shadows of time, brings us Christ in view. All the Old Testament foreshadowed Jesus. In Egypt, that night when there was to be a--a passover lamb killed for the protection of the people, we realize that God had one place, one condition. No matter how young, how old a priest, a clergyman, whatever you was, you must be in this certain place. All outside that place, perished. You must be in this one place, a place that He provided.

L-52 Now, we could spend much time, this afternoon, in explaining that, which would be just reviewing what we already know, that how Christ foreshadowed in the types. The sacrificial Lamb, how it must be kept up, a male without blemish, and how it must be killed by the elders, and how that the blood must be sprinkled on the door, all foreshadowing the coming of Christ. And under this shed blood was the place that God met the worshiper, when the Death angel passed through the land. [Exodus 12:5-7, 12-13]

L-53 I believe that we're ready to go out of Egypt, one of these days, and go into this promised Land. And it's time that we got in the right place, and quit this here fussing around, "I'm Presbyterian. I'm Methodist. I'm Baptist. I'm this. I'm that or the other." Get out of it, and find where this place is, because there is death everywhere besides His chosen place. Death will strike just as sure as the world, if we're not in His chosen place. But where He chooses, death cannot come.

L-54 If you notice in the sacrificial lamb, death had already visit there. Death had come to this place because the lamb had died. Death had already visit. And so where death had visit, then God promised that would be His place. Then, Him in view, we see now what the sacrificial lamb was, what the place of life was at that time.

L-55 Now, to me, this denounces all arguments. With Christ being in view, being the sacrificial Lamb, then that denounces all denominations, all creeds, all dogmas, all church-anity. It denounces the whole thing. That's right, for we find, here, Him in view, for He is the pure unadulterated Word of God. Saint John 1, said, "In the beginning was the Word, the Word was with God, and the Word was God. And the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us." Therefore He is God's unadulterated Word made flesh, made manifest. [John 1:1, 14]

L-56 And this in view, we could not attach that to any church in the world today, any denomination. Any place like that, we could not attach it, because it isn't so. We put Christ's Name upon a building, call it the churches of "Christ," and this, that, or the other. That doesn't make it so. That doesn't do it, at all. But when God puts His Name in something, that's what does it. [Deuteronomy 16:2]

L-57 Now, there is nothing in the Bible that would type our modern organizations, except Babylon. That's the only type in the Bible of our modern organization, organized religion, because it was founded by Nimrod and a forced unity amongst religious people. And that's what the creeds and our denominations do today, force unity, "You either belong to this or you're out!" And we're coming now, as we can see, to a forcing all into one great unity of it. But that is a 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min mechanical made advice by a man, and it cannot stand. It is not God's will. It is not God's program, no matter how people try to say it is. It is not. It can't be. It's just impossible, for it to be. God wouldn't put His Name in such a thing as that that denys His Word. How can God live in something that denys His Own Word? You cannot do that. [Genesis 10:8-10]

L-58 So we find out, it doesn't attach to any church, Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Pentecostal, Catholic, Greek Orthodox, whatever it may be. It's not God's place of worship, yet.

L-59 Now let God, Who made this promise, come forth and prove it, that it's right. That's the way to do it. If He is still God, He is still God! If He ever was God, He remains God!

L-60 And now we see this forced religion, right in view now, to bring all the little groups into "one great unity," they call it. Some of them believe in this, and some believe in that; and some deny this, and some deny that. The Bible said, "How can two walk together except they be agreed?" It'll never work. [Amos 3:3]

L-61 We've got to be in an agreement. And what in agreement with what? Not in agreement with one another, as much as we've got to be in agreement with the Word, with God. That's what it's got to be in the agreement with.

L-62 Now we find out, and a forced unity was represented by groups of people at Babylon. God cannot put His Name in such a thing as that. He never did and He never will. Though they tried it, they put their name into it, put His Name into it, but it's not so.

L-63 But we must find where He put His Name, for it is the place and the only place that He has provided for the Christians to come, and believing children, and worship Him in this place. What would this place be?

L-64 Now to back it up, we could take the entire Bible to back up what I'm going to say. For, the place that He chose is in Christ, in Jesus Christ. It is in Him, His Son; God's Son, Jesus Christ.

L-65 "Well," you said, "I thought the Scripture reads here that He said He would choose the place, and He would also put His 'Name' in that place." [Deuteronomy 16:2]

L-66 Well, the son always takes the father's name. My name is Branham because my father was Branham.

L-67 And Jesus said that He came in His Father's Name. Saint John 5:43, "I come in My Father's Name and you receive Me not," therefore there is where God placed His Name, under the sacrifice of His Own Son! That's God's only provided place. There is where people can meet God, is in Christ. That is His provided place. No denomination, no creed, no nothing else, God has promised to meet. Only in Jesus will He meet, for that's the only place His Name is. [John 5:43], [John 10:25]

L-68 We also hear Jesus, as I follow the Scripture out, in John, John the 5th chapter and 43rd verse, He said, "Another will come, and come in his name, and him you will receive." We can join a creed, "another," we can join a denomination, you'll receive him; but when you receive Jesus, it's different. "Another will come, 'I'll say I'm Methodist, I'm Baptist, I'm Presbyterian,' you'll receive that all right. But I come in My Father's Name, doing that what the Father said I would do, and you receive Me not." He said, "John came, and he had a great witness, but I have a greater witness in God--in God than what John did. For what the Father has given Me to do, that I do," the Words that was written of Him, what He must be in that day. For He was... [John 5:33, 36, 43], [John 17:4], [John 10:25]

L-69 His Name was God. God has many titles. God is a title, Itself, was called Jehovah-jireh, Jehovah-rapha, Jehovah-manasseh. He was called the Rose of Sharon, Lily of the Valley, Morning Star; Alpha, Omega, Beginning and End; then Father, Son, Holy Ghost; all these titles. , [Song of Solomon 2:1], [Revelation 22:13, 16], [Matthew 28:19]

L-70 But His Name, God's Name is "Jesus Christ," the Anointed One. That is His Name. He had many titles, but one Name, the only, "Not another Name under Heaven given among man, whereby you must be saved." We find that that's true.

L-71 Also this warning, that, "When this other one comes, that he come in his own name, 'Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Pentecostal,' so forth, you'll receive him. You'll join up with him." But Christ is turned down. They turn That down. [John 5:43] 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min

L-72 The prophet said! Let's trace his name a little bit. The prophet said, "His Name would be called 'Emmanuel.'" Now, Isaiah said that, about the 7th chapter. And also in Matthew 1:23, said, "This was all done, that it fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying, 'His Name shall be called Emmanuel, which is by interpretation, "God with us."'" [Matthew 1:23], [Isaiah 7:14]

L-73 Emmanuel, and His Name was Jesus, God with us, with His Father's Name. He came in His Father's Name. There is where God placed His Name, in His Son. That's the only place that you can worship Him. The only place God will ever meet you, is in that Son which was typed by the sacrificial lamb. And all down through the Old Testament, all brought types of that one thing, that that place alone, God, alone, met under the sacrificial blood. Only place He met, the only place is He meets today; it's not in the name of creed, or in a name of a denomination, name of a church, or name of a group, or name of a society, but in the Name of "Jesus Christ!" [Isaiah 7:14], [John 5:43]

L-74 I tested that when I was a young man. I had often heard of spiritualism, of the Devil, how he does things. And I knew if there was a God, there must be a Devil, because the Bible said there was a Devil. And he, I thought... heard about these spiritualists. I went to some of them, found out they were phonies, nothing to it, just a big bunch of make-belief. But I found out there were some of them were real spiritualists. [Revelation 12:9]

L-75 And I was at a camp one time, where a minister and I went to see them in there. They had raised the table up from the floor, and had whisky glasses sitting over it; and taken that table, turned it back and forth. And a guitar flying through the building; people's clothes. Had had this up, in the room. Said, this medium said, "I challenge anybody to knock it down."

L-76 Two man said, "I'll get it down." They grabbed it around the legs like that, and tried to hold it. It wouldn't. Why, that table throwed them plumb across the floor.

L-77 Don't you just sit around. If you've never been a missionary and been on fields, only thing you know is just the thought of a Devil. If you look out here on some of these people walking around the streets, you can see him. But there is a Devil! Certainly is.

L-78 And people worship the Devil, don't even know what they're doing. They worship the Devil in churches, "Teaching for Doctrine the commandments of man, creeds--creeds and traditions." I said... [Matthew 15:9], [Mark 7:7]

L-79 This woman hollered over to me, and said, "They tell me you're a preacher." I said, "I am." She said, "Then if you don't..." Said, "What do you think about this?" I said, "It's the Devil." And she said, "Well, then, if you've got so much power, knock it down." I said, "I don't have any power, at all. I have no power, but I'm here representing One."

L-80 I said, "Lord Jesus, You said, in Saint Mark the 16th chapter, 'In My Name they shall cast out devils.'" I said, "Now, that Your servant may know, as the battle lays before me!" [Mark 16:17]

L-81 I said, "I command that table to fall down, in the name of the 'holy Church,'" and it stayed right there. I said, "I command that table to fall down there, in the name of the 'Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,'" it stayed right there. I said, "I command that table to fall down, in the Name of 'Jesus Christ,'" and like to a-broke all four legs off, hitting the floor!

L-82 "In My Name they shall cast out devils!" That's the Name of the Father. He put His Name in Jesus Christ. And in Him He meets, to worship. In Him He meets, to cast out devils. In Him He meets, to heal the sick. In Him He meets, to save. In Him He meets, to save, fill with the Holy Ghost. That's God's only place to meet people for worship. Now we find out that Jesus said also that... The word, Name Jesus, means "Jehovah-Saviour," Jehovah the Saviour. [Mark 16:17-18]

L-83 Remember, "You shall not worship the Lord..." Why? Verse 5, "You shall not worship the Lord in any gates, that the Lord God giveth thee. Any gates, you shall not worship Him there," God said, in 5th verse here, of Deuteronomy 16. "Thou shall not worship Him in any gates, that the Lord God giveth thee. He give you these things for temptations." 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min We're going to get into that, this week, the Lord willing, see whether God takes His Word back, or not. Notice, He give you them gates, but don't worship the Lord in any of those gates, because the Lord thy God ain't going to meet you there. [Deuteronomy 16:5]

L-84 But the Lord God has chosen the gate. He has chosen the door. Jesus said, in Saint John the 10th chapter, "I am the door to the sheepfold. I am that door." He is Jehovah-Saviour. [John 10:7]

L-85 Now we could go on here for hours, explaining that. But I'm sure you understand it, by your action, that you--you respond to the Truth and to the Word. So we'll not go any further, you can take it anywhere you wish to. Everywhere you come, if it's the Truth, it'll fall right back in line with the rest of the Word. You can't make the Bible say one thing one place, and something else another, it's contrary to what He said first. It must be the same all the time.

L-86 I'm omitting a lot of Scripture here on this, just because I see it's getting late. And our sister and them is having service here tonight, and we want to pray for the sick. That is, and find out, Billy, if they got some prayer cards.

L-87 [Someone says, "No service tonight."--Ed.] No service. Good. Good, good. All right. Now let's find it. All right. All right. [Congregation applauds] We trust that the Lord will bless this lady for this, letting us have this place, giving us this time.

L-88 There is so many infallible proofs that Jesus is the place. He is the gate, He is the Name, and the only provided way that God has for man to meet in worship. He is the Way, the Truth, the Life; the Gate, the Door; the Alpha, Omega, the Beginning and the Ending; Rose of Sharon, the Lily of the Valley, the Morning Star; the Alpha, Omega. He is all, the whole thing put together. He is both Root and Offspring of David, the Bright and Morning Star. In Him dwells the fulness of the Godhead, bodily, where we in there are sons and daughters to God, in God's Godhead. Yes. As sons and daughters, we're in the family, if you're in there. [John 14:6], [John 10:7], [Revelation 1:8, 11], [Revelation 22:13, 16], [Song of Solomon 2:1], [Colossians 2:9], [Romans 8:17]

L-89 Now how do we get into this great place to worship? That's the next question. How do we get into this place, if Jesus is the place? He is the Name of God. He is the place of God's worship. And He is the only door to the sheephold. And we want to find out how we get into Him then. [John 10:7]

L-90 Now, if you're into the door, of course, you come in like the family, as we was talking the other day about, the... or at the breakfast, about the little sheep, that God would not close the door until He found that last little sheep and brought him in. If you've come in, then you become a family. You're a family of God when you've come into God. But you can't be a family of God and be Presbyterian, Methodist, Baptist, and Pentecostal. You can't do it. You have to come into Jesus Christ. [Luke 15:4], [Matthew 18:12-14]

L-91 "Well," you say, "we did it." We'll see if you did it. Let's find out what the Bible says now. We find, in First Corinthians, the 12th chapter, the Bible said, "By one Spirit are we all baptized into one Body." We're baptized into the Body of Christ, by one Holy Spirit. We're not shook in, we're not joined in, we're not baptized with water in. We are baptized with the Holy Ghost, into the Body of Jesus Christ. [I Corinthians 12:12-13]

L-92 How long does it last when you get in There, until you misbehave yourself? Ephesians 4:30 says, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed until the day of your redemption." Argue with Him, not me. That's what It says. I'm reading It. All right. "You're sealed until the day of your redemption," until the day that Jesus comes for you. Then think of it! [Ephesians 4:30]

L-93 You are then not yourself, you are a new creature, for the Greek there means "a new creation." You've been re-created again. The power of God comes upon you, and you become created, a new creature; which brings the whole physical being, spiritual being and everything, in subject to the Word of God. Not no other way! [II Corinthians 5:17]

L-94 How can you say that you're a Christian, and disobey His Word in one thing? Whosoever disobeyed the law in one--one part of It, was guilty of all of It. Whosoever! Jesus said, "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every Word that proceeds out of the mouth of God." Not just part of the Words; every Word! That He said in Revelation the 22nd chapter, "Whosoever shall take one Word out of this Book, or add one word to It, his--his part will be taken out of 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min the Book of Life." We are not to take away from the Bible, or add to It. Just say what It says. , [Matthew 4:4], [Revelation 22:18-19]

L-95 And in First Corinthians 12, It said, "By one Spirit we are all baptized into one Body." [I Corinthians 12:13]

L-96 Now after you're in this Body, Romans 8:1 said, "There is therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus, that walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit." There is the place where there is no condemnation. Whether you go to a Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian church, wherever it is; if you are in Christ, you are a new creature, and there is no condemnation in you, no where at all. That's God's meeting place. That's where God meets the worshiper. There is where you are accounted a new creature, for they're dead to the things of the world. They're alive in Him. The living Presence of God is with them, day by day. [Romans 8:1]

L-97 He lives in them, through every age. Every age that's come along, down through the Bible, when man meet God's requirement, comes into the place to where He provided in His written Word for that day, God makes that person to be a new creature, and he has no condemnation. Look at Job.

L-98 Am I deafening you, the way I'm in these mikes? I'm sorry about it. I know it's the rebound in here. I hear it here, myself.

L-99 But, look. Job, regardless of how many people try to condemn him, how many said he was wrong, he was keeping the commandment of God, by that burnt-offering. He knowed he was justified, because he was keeping the commandments of God. That's how he was justified, because he was doing the things that God wanted him to do. [Job 1:5]

L-100 The living Presence of God lights up the day, every day, from death of creeds, and to Life and to the Word of the day. Now, God has things that He does.

L-101 As a--a little flower, like I said the other morning at the breakfast. When a seed comes to light, he starts growing. It drinks from God's fountain, keeps pushing up till it gets to the bud part, gets up into the flower, up into the blossom.

L-102 Now we find out, that when we start with Christ, we grow the same way, because we grow in grace and in admonition of God. [II Peter 3:18]

L-103 God's only provided plan, for any age, is His Word. His Son came and manifested every promise that was promised for His age. All the prophets came just exactly on time, they was God's Word living on earth. They was the Word. Jesus said that they were "gods." Jesus called those prophets, "gods." , [John 10:34-35]

L-104 A man met me in the last meeting I had, he said, "You're a poor theologian."

L-105 And I said, "I don't claim to be one." I said, "The Word don't come to a theologian; theology does." The Word comes... See? I said, "Just theology comes to a theologian. But," I said, "we're talking about something else." [Amos 3:7]

L-106 Now we find that, in each age, when God said a certain, thing would happen, here come that man along and manifested that, here come their people along and lived that. That was God Himself living in the people, because it was an answering of His Word. [Romans 1:19], [Romans 8:19]

L-107 Now, God's only provided and only provided plan, today, is His Son, through His Word for this age, quickened by the Spirit of His life, quickened.

L-108 Now we have great schools of theology. And many times when we do that... Nothing against it, certainly not. But, you see, when you got a school of theology...

L-109 Jesus said, in Saint John 4, "The time is coming, and now is, when God, being a Spirit, will be worshiped in Spirit and in Truth." Now some people have Spirit, no Truth. Others has Truth, no Spirit. [John 4:23-24]

L-110 So it's just like if we had a big car, we were going somewhere in a Cadillac. And both Cadillacs was made just alike, and we pushed them out here and we... up to the tanks, and we filled them both up with gasoline. And you crank and crank on one. Well, you look out, say, "The seat is all right. The steering wheel is pretty, it's got diamond studs in it. And plush, sit... sets pretty. And you sit back and go to sleep. And, oh, a lot of things you could do, each one, but, you see, one of them... All of them has the right mechanics, but one of them has the dynamics. You see, you might 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min know the mechanics, but it takes the dynamics to start off the mechanics, to make them work.

L-111 And that's what's the matter with the church today. We're full of theology, without any dynamics in it. That's right. See?

L-112 In other words, you've got to have the spark to the gasoline, or the gasoline is no more than... It's not even as good as water, as long as it hasn't got the spark to fire it. So, that's the way.

L-113 No matter how well we're taught, how well we'll believe, and how much of the Bible that we say is true, and we believe it all true, it's got to be the--the dynamics has got to be there, the spark, to set that Word afire and make it start rolling. It's got to have that. If you don't, the church sits still, the car sits still, you'll sit still. But no matter how much you say, "I sympathize. I believe every Word of That." You've got to have something to spark that off, to make that one hundred octane go to firing, and the big Church of God go to moving on. It's got to take the dynamics with the mechanics. Nothing wrong with the mechanics, but lacking dynamics.

L-114 And I think that's what's the matter with the church today, we're lacking that dynamical power, to press this Word and make It live for this day.

L-115 Martin Luther had the mechanics and dynamics, of his day. John Wesley had them, of his day. Pentecostal had them, with their day.

L-116 What about our day? This is another time! The Church should be fully grown now, ready to go meet Christ, with the manifestation of every blessing that He promised in the Bible, operating in that one great Body where He promised that He would meet the people and be worshiped, in this great Church of His.

L-117 But, you see, we send our kids away to school, we learn reading, writing, arithmetic, all the history of the prophets and everything. That's alright, but unless you got something behind that!

L-118 "Oh," you say, "well, I--I shouted. I spoke with tongues." That's good. I believe that, too. But that's not what I'm talking about yet. See, you'll--you'll... it'll splutter. You say, "Plank-plank, boomp-boomp," like an old car trying to start. You say, "Yeah, I believe this. I believe that, too. But, but when it comes to this, them days, oh, no. No!"

L-119 She's a hundred octane, brother, with a right kind of a generator behind her, it'll fire every Word of God to Its promise. That's right.

L-120 That's what's the matter with us today, we almost come to a stop. We want to believe this, believe that.

L-121 I say something, about This. "Well, I don't know." Well, the Bible said so! That settles it. If God said so, it's there to be done. If we... If that's what God said do, we've got to do that. Just stay there till God fires it off, and directly you start running then again, you see. If you don't, you get the plugs all smutted up. And so we need something different, we need something to fire us off.

L-122 Then notice, not only does He come in by the Holy Spirit, with the learning of His Word, He manifests that Word. Now remember, the prophets believe the Word. They receive the Word of God. And God the Holy Spirit came into them and fired that promise out, and made it come to pass. Oh, my! Who is going to condemn that? , [John 6:63]

L-123 Jesus said, "Who can condemn Me of sin? Sin is 'unbelief.' Whatever God wrote and whatever the prophets said, I'm the Answer. What they said I'd do, I do." He came as a prophet, the Son of man. That's exactly what He was, and what He proved to be. He was. Why? The dynamics was there to fire off the mechanics. He was the mechanics, the Son Himself, and the Father was the dynamics. "It's not Me that doeth the works, it's My Father that dwelleth in Me. He splatters forth the--the--the dynamics and makes the thing move on. He brings it to pass." [John 8:46], [John 14:10]

L-124 "When did I ever say anything..." Like Samuel said one time to the people, "Have I ever told you anything, in the Name of the Lord, but what come to pass?" See? "When did I ever say it, and when did it not happen to come to pass?" [I Samuel 12:3-4]

L-125 "Oh, you, what you told us come to pass, but we want the king anyhow." [I Samuel 8:19-20]

L-126 That's the way it is today. People want to hold onto their petty ideas. They want to hold onto their creeds. They 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min want to hold onto it. Then talking about a revival in our day, how can we have a revival when it's all messed up the way it is? Watered gasoline and everything else in it, all kinds of detergents and all these modernistic things mixed into it.

L-127 I was coming down the road one day, and it said, some kind of modern detergent, said, "You don't have to wash the dishes, the only thing you have to do is dip them in there and dip them out."

L-128 I thought, "I'm going to be a hero in my house." I go and get me a box of this stuff. And I said to the wife, "Go on in, honey, let me wash the dishes."

L-129 I thought, "Boy, them guys know what they're talking about, them scientists. I'll show her how. I'll, she'll... till she catches onto this, what I'm doing. Just dip it in and sit it out, that's all you have to do."

L-130 The kids had eat eggs for breakfast. And I poured this detergent in there, and dipped it in, dipped it out, and dipped it in and dipped it out. It was still eggy. Yes, sir. I don't believe anything I hear on television, no more. No, sir. No, no. No, indeed.

L-131 That's the reason I don't believe any man-made system can stand. God has got one provided way. It isn't Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian; but it's Jesus Christ, by the new Birth, believing that Bible. That's God's provided way, and the only way that He has, is in Jesus Christ, His Son. And, in His Son, He placed His Name. His! God's Name is Jesus, 'cause He came in His Father's Name. And so that would be God's Name, because He was God. [John 5:43]

L-132 Now notice, when this great moving power of God comes into a son of God, it quickens him, the Spirit of Life enters into him. Then what does it do? It seats them in Heavenly places, right now. Not they "will be." We are now. Now we've already resurrected, the dynamics and the mechanics is gone to work, quickened us, and we're quickened up into the Presence of God, where His Spirit is. And now we are seated together in Heavenly places, in Christ Jesus; in Christ Jesus, sitting in there, that great seat that's already fired up, been raised from the dead. We're a part of it. If you're a part of the Bride, you are, because the Bride is part of the Groom, you know. So we find out that it's the same thing, and She'll do just exactly what's predicted for Her to do in this day. She won't be a Laodicea, not by no means a lukewarm. But She'll be on fire for God, She'll be moving on in the Spirit of God. , [John 6:63], [Ephesians 2:1, 5-6], [Colossians 2:13]

L-133 Now we're looking here now to find out. Now let us, now at this same time that it does, that this strikes us; and, when, we're once dead in sin and trespassing, trespasses, rather, he... we been quickened together unto His Word of this age. [Ephesians 2:1, 5]

L-134 Now let us think about way back in the old times, of somebody that was quickened by this Word; just before we have the prayer service for the sick. Let's take a few characters, watch their characteristic.

L-135 Let's take a man here that kept all the Word of God, back in the Old Testament, by the name of Enoch. He was so quickened by the Word of God, that he had a testimony, that, "He pleased God." There wasn't one thing that God commanded Enoch to do but what he did it. [Hebrews 11:5]

L-136 I wonder how many Enoch's would be here this afternoon, that, if you know it's in the Word of God? How many of you bobbed-haired women could call yourself an Enochist, see, see, and know that God condemns that? How many of you man, that let's them women do that, could call yourself an Enoch? Oh, my! That's just one thing, how about the thousands? And we smother down, say, "I belong to this, and I belong to that." You may belong to that, but... till you come into God's provided place! And you can't get in there unless you become part of that Word. And, being part of It, you become all of It, subject to all. Notice, we have this here that the Bible calls "the Word of God," and, which, it is the Word of God. [Hebrews 11:5]

L-137 Now we find out that Enoch come into God's provided way, with His Word, and walked five hundred years, and pleased Him. And we find out that the mechanics was so perfect in Him, that when the dynamics got to working in the engine, It just took him off the earth. He took the first airplane flight, like, to Heaven. Working on God's mechanics and dynamics, together, "he was not," because God took him out of the earth, without death. That's exactly right. He was walking in God's provided way. [Genesis 5:23-24] 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min

L-138 The same thing we find out on Elijah. Old Elijah had bawled out so many of those painted-face Jezebel's, and haircuts, and so forth, that they were using of that day, the old man had spent his life just condemning sin amongst them women, because they had a woman, Jezebel, there to set a pace. [II Kings 9:30-37]

L-139 Just about like your Hollywood here has, and got all the sisters all wound up into it out there. And, the Jezebel still lives, you can just look around and you can see she does. And she is still in great power, too.

L-140 Now we find out, the old fellow being a prophet, he had cursed that thing and everything, stayed perfectly in the will of God. When all the rest of the preachers weakened off, he stayed right there with It.

L-141 And one day he got so tired, that, God sent a chariot down from Heaven, and horses of fire, and took him up. He was so full of that quickening power! Just think, with the Word of God in his heart, he become so full of that quickening power that quickened him! , [II Kings 2:11]

L-142 "If the Spirit of God, He..." I believe we find in Romans, 11, or one, 11... "If," it says, "if the Spirit..." Romans 8:11, it is. "If the Spirit that raised up Jesus from the dead be in you, it will also quicken your mortal bodies. If the Spirit that raised up Jesus from the dead, if--if It be in you, It'll also quicken your mortal bodies." [Romans 8:11]

L-143 Quickened it! What does the word quick mean? The Greek word means, "to be brought to life after death." Hallelujah. There's the gate of worship. Worshiping in the Spirit and in Truth, mechanics and dynamics, together. You see what I mean?

L-144 "If the Spirit that raised up Jesus from the dead dwells in you, It will quicken, make alive, your mortal bodies, because It's already Life." And when It comes into your body, It brings your whole body subject to It. Subject to what? The Word of God. "If it's in you." [Romans 8:11], [Ephesians 2:1, 5-6], [Colossians 2:13]

L-145 Now if it's something in you, telling you, "Well, that was the days past. And Mark 16 is not true, and that Pentecostal idea of the baptism of the Holy Ghost." That ain't the Spirit of God in you. I don't care how well you're trained, you, that's not the Spirit of God. You say, "Well, my mother belonged to this, and my father, through years, and my brother." Whatever you want to say about your relatives, and so forth, that might have been all right with them; but it ain't for you, see, you've got to this day come into Christ Jesus, for this age and the promise that's meant for this age.

L-146 Notice, we find out that this great quickening power struck Enoch, it quickened him and he went Home without dying. [Genesis 5:24]

L-147 It struck Elijah, quickened him till he went Home without dying. We find out his successor was Elisha, which is a type there of Christ and the Church, Elisha. Elijah done four miracles, and Elisha done eight miracles. He had a double portion, like was poured out upon the Church. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Later they had a dead man, throwed it over on his bones, and he come to life. That quickening power was in the grave with him. You can't... , [II Kings 13:21]

L-148 It's always there, when you get that quickening power of God, being quickened up with Him now. , [Ephesians 2:1, 5], [Colossians 2:13]

L-149 Now remember, in Christ, we are flesh of His flesh, bone of His bones. When God wounded Christ at Calvary, He was wounded for me and you. We are flesh of His flesh, and bone of His bone, body of His body, Name of His Name, Bride of Him. See, we are in Him, we are His flesh and His bones. [Isaiah 53:5], [Ephesians 5:30]

L-150 And God has already raised us up, potentially. The quickening power that raised us from a life of sin, and changed our being, it has potentially raised us up in Christ Jesus, which, the resurrection will bring us forth in the fully maturity.

L-151 Now remember, we died in our own name, was buried, and raised in His. See, we're no more of our own. Of which, that great Name of "Jesus Christ" which the Bible said over here in Ephesians 1:21, that, "Both families, in Heaven and earth, is named after that Name." That's where God put His Name. That's the family's Name in Heaven. That's the family's Name on earth. [Ephesians 1:21] 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min

L-152 And we're in Jesus Christ, by spiritual baptism, not by water; by Spirit, we are baptized into one Body, which is Christ, the worshiping place. Then, being in there, we are being on this ground, it's like the abstract deed. [I Corinthians 12:13], [Colossians 2:12]

L-153 You say, "I bought a piece of ground." It isn't yours yet until you got an abstract. But if you got an abstract, it shows that everything was ever against that piece of ground has been stricken off.

L-154 And then when you've become a Christian and accept Christ as your Saviour, then, when God sends down the abstract, it shows that no matter what your father did, your mother did, what anybody else did; your mother, daddy might have been drunkards, prostitutes; whatever it was, every sin is stricken off! You've got an abstract title. There is nothing can put you off of it. And, look, everything that's on that ground belongs to you! Amen. And when you're in Christ Jesus, by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, every gift of God belongs in the Church. Amen. It's an abstract title deed. You, it's yours, it belongs to you. It quickens your mortal bodies. Oh, my, if we'd think of it! [Acts 2:38], [Ephesians 1:14], [II Corinthians 1:22]

L-155 Let us take a look at those faithful ones at Pentecost. They were all in the upper room there, and they was all scared. They had, they had the--the title, alright, but they were afraid. "And all at once there came a sound from Heaven," the abstract sent down to them, "like a rushing mighty wind, filled all the house where they were sitting." And they were so quickened by That, till all their cowardliness they were... One of them was even afraid, they even denied he wasn't a Pharisee yet, or he wasn't a Sadducee yet. But when that Holy Ghost fell and baptized him into Jesus Christ, he became flesh of His flesh, bone of His bone, Word of His Word. He was a new creation. He was a new person. It quickened his body. [Acts 2:1-3]

L-156 Look what It did, what It does to you when It comes in. It don't make you go out and say, "I'm Methodist. I'm Baptist. Oh, I know I oughtn't to smoke. I oughtn't to have this. I oughtn't to wear these kind of clothes. I oughtn't to do this. I oughtn't to do that." It so quickens you till you have to do it. It quickens your mortal bodies.

L-157 Look, It quickened their bodies, until they flew so close to Heaven till It quickened their body to speak in a language they never heard of before. It quickened their bodies, they spoke in new Heavenly language. They were quickened into the Presence of God, by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. God's quickening power baptized them into that. They were in the place of worship then. They were where they could worship. The Sanhedrin or nothing else ever could bother them, because they were quickened. They were new people. That's after they was baptized. [Acts 2:4], [Romans 8:11], [Ephesians 2:1, 5], [Colossians 2:13]

L-158 Look at little Stephen. He come into God's provided way, was quickened by the power of God; come into the gate, God's provided way. And even when they went to kill him, stone him to death, he said, "I see Heavens opened, Jesus standing at the right hand of God." That's quickening power. He was quickened up into His bosom. [Acts 7:55]

L-159 There was Philip, another one full of the quickening power. We find him down there at Samaria, holding a great revival. This great quickening power, after he was in Christ, come where he had thousands of people listening at him. And He said, "Now leave here, Philip, I want you to go out into this desert, Gaza, here. I got a man out there, want you to meet." And no question, no question at all, he was full of that quickening power. He was in Christ, he was in the provided place where God could talk to him. God spoke to him. There was no question. [Acts 8:5, 26]

L-160 Say, "Well, He spoke to me and told me I was going to be healed, but, I don't know now, I feel awful bad today." Oh, my! "Well, He told me I had the Holy Ghost, and sometimes I sure doubt it."

L-161 Philip knowed exactly the Voice of God, 'cause he had come God's provided way. He didn't question God, about, "Well, God, I got so many here, I have to stand. I have to see the state presbyter before I can do it. I have to go talk to the bishop," wasn't nothing about it. He minded God, right out into the desert he went! [Acts 8:26-27]

L-162 He found one man, a eunuch, an Ethiopian, a colored man coming down, reading the Scripture in Isaiah. And he said, "Do you understand what you're reading?" Said, "How can I unless someone would teach me?" [Acts 8:26-29] Philip got up on the chariot and begin to talk to him about the Lord. 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min He said, "Here is water, what hinders me from being baptized?" [Acts 8:36] He said, "If thou believest with all thy heart, all thy soul and mind, strength." Got off the chariot and baptized him. [Acts 8:37]

L-163 And Philip was so full of that quickening power, till, He caught him out of his sight. Think! In his mortal body, his physical being was caught up, out of the sight of the eunuch. I believe that to be the truth. God could take him somewhere else, where He had need of him. He was caught up. [Acts 8:39]

L-164 You know, death can't even take that thing away from you, when you're in Christ, in God's place. [I Corinthians 15:55-56], [II Corinthians 4:14]

L-165 Look here, Moses had it. He was a prophet that the Word of the Lord came to. No many... how many Korah's raised up and said, "We need a great organization. Now you try to take the place of being the only holy man." God said, "Separate yourself, I'll just swallow him up." And the Dathan's, and so forth, didn't bother him, he went right on. , [Numbers 16:21]

L-166 And when Moses died and was buried, by the Angels, that quickening power stayed on him. For, eight hundred years later, here he is over in the promised land, talking to Jesus. That quickening power was still on him. That's God's place of worship. [Deuteronomy 34:5-6], [Matthew 17:1-3]

L-167 "What say? How did you know?" He was a prophet. The Word came to the prophet. And he was the manifested Word of God for his age. Amen. [Amos 3:7]

L-168 See, you can't die, you're done quickened. Oh, if the church could only see that, that it's not what you're going to be, you already are! It's the Devil trying to rob you from that.

L-169 "Well," say, "now I'll tell you. I belong to this." Don't care what you belong to.

L-170 You've got to be borned, regenerated, baptized with the Holy Ghost, into Jesus Christ, quickened to every Word. Your Spirit, in you, will punctuate "amen" to every Word of the Bible. Outside of that, if it--if it shakes its head on one, you get rid of that spirit. It's not the Spirit of God that would dispute the Word of God. It'll keep the Word of God. Not only does it believe It, but It makes It live. It manifests the Word of God. Yes, sir. [John 3:3]

L-171 Notice also them saints of the Old Testament. Potentially, under the old sacrifice, they were waiting for this new one to come, had a good conscience towards God. In Matthew 27, we're told that, when Jesus raised and come out of the grave. Which, we just celebrated a few weeks ago, Easter. The Bible said that, "Many of the saints that was sleeping in the dust of the earth, raised up at His resurrection, and come into the city and appeared to many." What were they? They were manifestations of God's promised Word. The only place that God meets, under that sacrifice. [Matthew 27:52-53]

L-172 Now in First Thessalonians 4:16, the Bible said, also, that the New Testament saints would come forth with Him when He comes again, them that's quickened into Him now. How do you get into Him? By spiritual baptism, the power of God, the place that He meets, in Jesus. Now Jesus is God's provided way. [I Thessalonians 4:16]

L-173 Now notice, Jesus was so sure what He was! He knowed He was the Son of God. He knowed He was virgin born. He knowed that every Scripture manifested Itself right through Him. He knowed it so perfectly, till He said to them builders of the temple, that day, He said, "You destroy this temple, and I'll raise it up in three days." Think of that. "Destroy it, and I'll raise it up in three days." Why? It was a written Word of Him. [John 2:19]

L-174 David said, "I'll not leave My Holy One in hell, not leave His soul in hell, neither will I suffer My Holy One to see corruption." [Psalms 16:10]

L-175 Now, Jesus knowed that that was He. No question in His mind. And He knowed that, seventy-two hours, the body corrupts, sometime within that seventy-two hours He was going to come back to life again, so He said, "You destroy this temple, I'll raise it up again in three days." Why? The Word was written of Him. It was written of Him, because He was the manifestation of God's written Word for that day. [John 2:19]

L-176 Well, there's got to be, hallelujah, there's got to be, brother, there somewhere, God's manifested Word of God 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min today. And that's the same thing, for He spoke of these days and He said what would take place in these days. He has already told us. We know what's going to take place. And we see it being manifested in you, then you're in God's Church. Outside of that, you could call yourself, "Methodist, Baptist," or anything else, it'll never work. There was only one meeting place, that's in Christ Jesus. Oh, today, oh, how today that I would that everybody would see that, see how to get in, being baptized. The Bride is part of her Husband. The Church is a part of the Word, the manifestation.

L-177 Now what church are you in? Are you in a denomination? If you are, I'll strictly tell you now, you're in Laodicea. But if you're in Christ, you're a new creature, and you're in the Church of the living God, with the manifestation of the very same things that He did in His day will be coming back here in this day, doing the same thing that He said It would do. Then, that is the real Church. You get into It by spiritual baptism, not by joining, not by some more, but by being baptized by the Holy Ghost into His Body. All right. It's God's only provided way that He has left for us to do, is to be baptized into His Body, by His Spirit. [Acts 2:38]

L-178 Jesus said, in Saint John 14:12, "He that believeth, while he is in Me!" No wonder people say the days of miracles is passed, no wonder they say these things. "He that believeth in Me, not believe on Me, but believe in Me, the works that I do shall he do also." Why? It's His Life. It's His dynamics in His mechanics, that's in you, that fires it off, makes it go and do the works that it promised do. Or, my life in Him, has quickened me by His Spirit, to make His Word, which is the mechanics, work by His dynamics. Hebrews 13:8, "Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever." [John 14:12], [Hebrews 13:8], [Ephesians 2:1]

L-179 Now also in Mark the 17th chapter, the 30th verse, of Saint Mark. Listen close. Jesus promised these things in the last day, that He's "the same yesterday and forever." He promised, in Malachi 4, that He would "turn the hearts of the people, in the last days, back to the Faith of the fathers." He promised that. He promised, so many places in the Bible, the things that He would do. "Yet a little while and the world seeth Me no more, yet you will see Me; I'll be with you, in you always, even to the end of the world." And notice in Saint Luke again, 17:30, "As it was in the days of Sodom!" [Luke 17:29-30], [Malachi 4:5-6], [Hebrews 13:8], [Matthew 28:20], [John 14:19]

L-180 You know what happened in Sodom? Look at California; not only California, the United States; not only in the United States, but the world.

L-181 Look at this teen-age insane! Why, we had a... I told you the other day, they was taking an analysis there of the schools in Arizona where I live, and eighty percent of the children in school is mentally retarded. What will their children be? We can't have another generation. We're at the end. Jesus said these things would come.

L-182 Look at all the televisions and things getting these fictitious things in order. It'll come a time, I predict, that people will be completely, totally insane, the world will be. The Bible speaks of such hideous sights as they show in movies today of some prehistoric creature's age, that's lived in the earth for so many thousands and millions of years, hatch and come forth to some... That's just a minor thing, to what's going to happen. When hell is opened and the Devil comes out with all of his mysterious things, of women... or locust with hair like women, and teeth like lions. Why, the world will be completely, totally insane. It's not but just about one degree from it now. [Revelation 9:8]

L-183 Oh, for the glory of God, for the Coming of the Lord Jesus, for the Holy Ghost, for the know-so, for the living Presence of the living God! , [James 5:7-8]

L-184 Jesus said, in Saint Mark there, He said, "In that day the Son of man will be revealed." Now, remember, not Son of God. He came in three sons' names: Son of man, Son of God, Son of David. When He was on earth, He come as Son of man, He was a prophet. Son of man is a prophet. Jehovah Himself called the prophets, Jeremiah and them, "Son of man, what seest thou?" Jesus come, because He had to come according to the Scripture, as Son of man. Moses said, "The Lord your God shall raise up a Prophet, likened unto me." And He had to be a prophet, Son of man. , [Luke 17:30], [Acts 3:22]

L-185 But after His death, burial, and resurrection, now He has been Son of God, the supernatural, the Holy Ghost. , [Acts 2:33]

L-186 But He promised, just before the coming of the end time, the world would get like it was in Sodom, when a Man 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min came down in human form; three of them, two Angels and God Himself. That was God. The Bible said it was. Now He came down and He manifested Himself there, by turning His back to the--the tent where Sarah was, and told Abraham what Sarah was thinking in the tent. That right? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Now, Jesus Himself said, "At the day when the Son of man is being revealed," in other words, "the Son of man, the ministry of Jesus Christ Hisself." [Genesis 18:2, 13], [Luke 17:30]

L-187 The church will come through justification, through Luther; through sanctification, through Wesley; through the baptism of the Holy Ghost, or the Pentecostals; and go right on into the perfection of the Son of man, that when Husband and Wife will be the same-self persons. God will be so manifested into His Bride, His Church, till they will both be the same. They are one. Now you see where we're at. [Matthew 5:48], [Ephesians 4:13], [Ephesians 5:25-27, 30-32]

L-188 Don't hold to them traditions and creeds. They were alright in their day, but the flower has bloomed to a blossom now. It's seed time. That's right.

L-189 Jesus promised these things. Now when we see God make His promise live before us, and see that it's in us, and His Spirit is living in us; that is the only way of worship, only place of worship, the only true way you can worship, "For there is no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus." God made the promise. Jesus said, "The things that I do, you'll do also," and what He would do in the last day. How it come through this age, neither light nor day, would be the--the like a darkened time, but said, "The evening time, it shall be Light." [Zechariah 14:6-7], [John 14:12], [Romans 8:1]

L-190 The sun rises in the east and sets in the west. The same sun rises in the east sets in the west, civilization has traveled with it. It traveled over three bodies of water, three forms of baptism. Oh, yes, from Asia, over into Europe; from Europe, over into England; and from England, over into the United States.

L-191 And now we've come right straight back again, and here we sit this afternoon, on the West Coast, where the sin barrier of all the powers of darkness heaps in here. These movies and television casts, and man kissing women on there, and poisoning the minds of little girls.

L-192 Did you know any man that kisses a woman is morally obligated to marry her? Potentially it's a sex act. Sure, it is. Yes, sir. What is it? It's the male glands in a man's lip, and the female glands. When male and female glands comes together, it's sex.

L-193 Look on Hollywood, look at the little girls laying out here in the parks, and the boys wallowing around over these girls, and things like that, and even singing in choirs. And these Elvis Presley's, and so forth, that we have today, it's a disgrace to the name of America, to what our forefathers fought and bled and died for.

L-194 But the hour is come that every kingdom has to give away, because there is a Kingdom of God that's established in the human heart, by the baptism of the Holy Spirit and the Presence of Jesus Christ. And Christ will come to His Bride and will set up a Kingdom here on earth, that will never be diminished. How do you get into this Kingdom? You are borned into it. How do you know it? You just keep... How would you belong into a kingdom and disagree with the king? See, you would be... And the King is the Word. "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. And the Word was made flesh and dwelled among us. The same yesterday, today, and forever." [John 1:1, 14]

L-195 How did they know He was the Son of man? He'd look out there upon the audience and perceive what they were thinking about. We know that's true. He is the same today. Do you believe that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] [John 4:18-19]

L-196 Did Billy give out any prayer cards? That's one I forgot to ask him. Did he give out prayer cards? [Congregation says, "Yes."--Ed.] Did he give out prayer cards? All right.

L-197 I'll tell you. If you've got faith enough, I've got faith to believe that God, Who made the promise, can prove Hisself to be God right here, without any person coming to this platform. I feel to take the initiative, on account of the promise of the Word of the living God. Look at here, let me show you something. This quickening power, we're going to exercise It. Let me show you. How many believes you got that quickening power? [Congregation says, 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min "Amen."--Ed.] Well, what's the matter with your hands upon the sick?

L-198 When them disciples received quickening power upon them, on the Day of Pentecost, what did they do? They went out and layed hands on the sick, and they recovered. Jesus said, in Mark 16, "It'll continue on to the end of the world." How long, to the apostles' age? "Go ye into all the world, preach the Gospel to every creature. These signs will follow them that believe; if they lay their hands upon the sick, they shall recover." That's the quickening power like was on Elijah's bones, Elisha's bones. And the same quickening power is upon the saints that raised them up. If that same quickening power is in us, lay your hands on the sick, they shall recover. [Mark 16:17-18], [Acts 2:1-4], [Romans 8:11]

L-199 I've noticed here, I've almost quit having discernment, anymore, just lay my hands on the sick. I've been noticing when, my, things I never... I didn't get to one-third of the people, otherwise. This way, I get to more than I ever did get to. And I find out a better results, by just getting myself into God's arms, and saying, "Lord God, You promised it. It's Your promise; it's not mine, it's Yours, and You promised You would do it. And I've seen You do it. And I'm going to believe You're going to do it, because I've been baptized into Your Body, and Your Spirit here to identify that that's the Truth." Amen. That's the place of worship. Then you get into a place, "all things are possible." Then you get into a place that your--that your motives and objectives, for your achievements, is just exactly in the will of God. And when you lay your hands there and believe it, it's going to happen. Do you believe that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] [Romans 9:23], [Matthew 19:26]

L-200 I believe, before one prayer card is called, or anything else, that God Almighty can tell me what you've got out there, and what you ought to do, and what you ought not have done. That's taking the initiative, right, I know that's right, but that's exactly what God would have us to do. Do you believe that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] How many would believe it if God would do it? ["Amen!"]

L-201 There is not a person sitting in front of me that I know, that I can think of, or see anybody that I really know. How many knows, out here, we're all strangers, raise your hands. Know that I don't know nothing about you, raise up your hands. Anywhere in the audience, knows I know nothing about you. I guess it's everywhere, especially up in here. Now maybe the other people just... I don't know them. They just didn't raise their hands, but I--I--I don't know them, anyhow. I believe I do see Richard Blair sitting right here. I believe that's right. I can... It's dark down there. There is lights this way. I don't see.

L-202 But look at here, I'm trying to tell you, that, when that quickening power comes into you, it's Jesus Christ. When Jesus layed His hands on the sick, they got well.

L-203 When Jesus had quickening power to quicken Him, as a Man, He could look out and tell the thoughts that was upon the people, tell them what they were thinking about, what they done. Have His back turned to them, tell them the same thing, "Why do you reason in your hearts?" The woman touched His garment, He said, "Who touched Me?" He looked around and found her, and said, "I perceive virtue has gone out of Me. Your faith has made you whole." That's Jesus Christ. That proves that where the church is, and what the real quickening power of God does to the human being. Do you believe that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Let's bow our heads just a moment. [Matthew 16:8], [Mark 2:8], [Mark 8:17], [Luke 5:22], [Luke 8:46]

L-204 Dear God, we've had a fight with Satan this afternoon, on these microphones, knowing them people probably didn't get half of it, the bounding around on the... in the building like that. But I pray, God, that the Holy Spirit will take that which was meant to be, Lord, to let the people see that we're not some dead dragging bunch of hope-so's. God, we are alive now, quickened by the power of the resurrection of Christ. Jesus Christ lives in us. We believe that, Lord. , [Ephesians 2:1, 5], [Colossians 2:13]

L-205 We claim no glory of our own. Like on Mount of Transfiguration, where every one of us is represented there; there was Moses, the one that died and raised again; there was Elijah, the quickening saints that'll be caught up at the last day. Oh, they seen then, when they looked back, they seen Jesus only. We know, Lord, we don't want people to see us. We're not here for that purpose. Far be it! 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min

L-206 But, Lord, it does delight our hearts when we see Jesus glorified among us; when we see Him glorified, when we see His Word, which He is the Word; when we see we can read it here in the Bible, where He promised He would do it, then see Him work it right in us, O God, how it makes us feel humble, that we know that His living Presence...

L-207 We haven't joined nothing or bargained for nothing. We just believe, Lord, unto Eternal Life. And you sealed us in there by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and quickened our bodies, and quickened our spirits, and quickened us then to see visions, and prophesy, and speak in tongues, see great signs and wonders take place. Why, it's the living God. We're into that Body. When, to the world, is foolishness to them that perish; but to we who believe, it's the power of God, unto Eternal Life. We thank Thee for it, Father. [Ephesians 2:1, 5], [Colossians 2:13], [I Corinthians 1:18]

L-208 Now let it be known this day, Lord, that You are God, that You have never changed Your mind about one Word that You ever said. And You're the same yesterday, today, and forever, and the one--the one and only way that God has provided. The only Man that God ever put His Name in, was His Own Son Who carried His Name, Jesus; God, Jehovah, Saviour, Emmanuel, the Door to the sheepfold; He that Was, Which Is, and Shall Come; the Root and the Offspring, both Root and Offspring of David; the Morning Star, the Lily of the Valley. O God, how wonderful! No wonder Isaiah said, "Counsellor, Prince of Peace, The mighty God, Everlasting Father." Oh, we have no other Father but You, Lord. You are our Father. You are our Mother. You are all that we are, all that we could ever be. We won't see nothing else but Jesus glorified! [Isaiah 9:6], [Hebrews 13:8], [John 10:1, 7]

L-209 Father, I might have made a poor out of this, this afternoon, but take the semblance of my heart, and hear me, Dear God. And let it be said, this day, that Jesus Christ was glorified right here in this temple. Grant it, Father, for we ask it in His Name, and as I humbly wait with this audience, to see You move by Your Spirit. Amen.

L-210 Now I want you to do this one thing for me. I want to ask you one solemn question. I want you to answer me as if it was the last time that you would ever answer anybody in your life. Do you believe it's the Truth? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Do you believe there is not a church or a denomination could be recognized in the Presence of God? Do you believe that? ["Amen."] There is not a one. Only those that are borned into Jesus Christ, take on His Name! That's right.

L-211 You take on His Name when you are borned in there, not by water baptism. Although you can be baptized in His Name, but that don't take on His Name. You take on His Name by birth, not by water. See, you're baptized into the Name of Jesus Christ, yes, sir, into fellowship; but you are baptized by the Holy Ghost, into Jesus Christ. So you can be baptized a hundred times, any way you wanted to, the other way, it'd make no difference. But when you're once baptized by the Holy Ghost, into the Body of Christ, you become a son or a daughter of God, and, "Every Word is true!" And, then, He did that for that purpose. [Acts 2:38], [Romans 6:3], [Galatians 3:27]

L-212 As I said the other day, when God moved and struck the sun across the earth, He knowed them palm trees and everything was laying down under that earth. He... They were part of the earth at that time, so were you.

L-213 And when He raised up the Son of God, on Easter morning, and sent forth the Holy Spirit, it was to quicken, also, that seed of Eternal Life, that He foreknew before the foundation of the world, that would be here. He knew this microphone would act like this this evening. He knew that you would have the attitude you've got. He's infinite. You can't imagine it with your mind, you've just got to accept it. But, let me say this one thing, that same God stands here, this afternoon, in His people.

L-214 Whether you're a Methodist, Baptist, Pentecostal, whatever you might be, don't you trust in some organization. Cause, they cannot be an organization... It's made up of too many different doctrines. It's made up of among... You have to be an individual, to God. You have to be an individual. God deals with you, not in your church. You are to live a right kind of a life in your church or congregation where you're worshiping at, you should live that kind of life that you should be. But you see, they draw creeds, and so forth, that you can't even enter their doors if you don't believe that. So how can God ever come in there, when His Word constantly is being manifested?

L-215 How did Luther know about these baptism and--and restoration of the Spirit, when he was back in that day? The plant hadn't growed like that. Neither did Wesley know it. And neither does the Pentecostal know what's going on 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min today. Same thing, grows right away from you. That's right. It has in every age, and it always will.

L-216 And I can prove, by the Bible, this is the wheat age. Remember, after this great revival... There has never been another organization rise since Pentecost. They can't be. It goes from the shuck to the wheat, and there is nothing else but the grain. That's the reason. Fifteen years... Usually, three years, and they got an organization of any revival. Ask any historian. But there is no organization after This. They tried to raise up a Latter-day Rain, but you see what happened to it. It can't. It's wheat now. Yes, sir. There is no more carriers. It's the real grain. Christ is among His people. Do you believe it? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.]

L-217 Let's start from over here, on the bottom floor. I can't pick out in there, seeing there is so many of you. How many believe me to be His servant? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Have faith in God! How many over here believe that the same way, say, "I believe it with all my heart"? ["Amen."] Now may the Lord God grant this to us, that you might see the quickening power. It's something, vital evidence, that proves it.

L-218 Yes, somebody can say, "Oh, this is That, this, that." But let it act.

L-219 Now, it's totally impossible for me to know anything about you. You know that. I don't know but one person, I could look at, and that's Reverend Blair sitting out there, from way back east, I believe Arkansas or somewhere back in there. That's the only one in the audience, that I do see that I know. And God knows that's true. So it'd have to be something that...

L-220 I just happen to see over here, this little lady sitting at the end there, has got a spiritual problem you are praying about. Do you believe that God will straighten out that spiritual problem for you, and make it right? All right, you can have it.

L-221 Put your hand over on the other lady sitting to you, 'cause she's got stomach trouble she is praying for, too. Yeah. That right, sister? Raise your hands up if that's true. I don't know you, never seen you in my life. Two colored girls.

L-222 Now, what's that? Isn't that just exactly like what He said He would do? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Just exactly.

L-223 Here is a lady sitting, looking right down through here; sitting, looking at me. She has got heart trouble. Do you believe that God will heal the heart trouble? You was sitting there praying, "I wish I could get there." Is that right? Wave your hand like this, it's right. How did I know what you were saying in your prayer? See, just believe. That's all you have to do, is believe.

L-224 Here sits a lady right here that'll die right away if she isn't healed. She's got cancer. Do you believe that God will heal the cancer? Yes. You believe it? You, being that you was kind of slow putting up your hand, do you believe God can tell me who you are? Ms. Gunn. Now, if that's right, wave your hand like that, see. All right. Go home, Jesus Christ will make you well. "If thou canst believe, all things are possible."

L-225 That struck this lady sitting there with the dark hat on, looking at me. She also has cancer. Do you believe God will heal you? Do you believe it with all your heart? I'm speaking to Mrs. Miller. Do you believe that? I don't know the woman, never seen her in my life, and God in Heaven knows that's right. Amen. "If thou canst believe!" [Mark 9:23]

L-226 Here is a colored woman sitting right over here on the end, had her head down. She was studying, she is studying about a loved one, somebody she is praying for. She come, actually, to pray... have him prayed for. No he isn't here, it's her husband. That's right. She... He's not here. He's at home. He's had an operation, hasn't he? That's right. He was bothered with sinus trouble, and so forth. That's true, isn't it? He's going to be all right. Your faith was strong for it. Do you believe that that's to be true? Amen.

L-227 Can't you see that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever? Ask those people. It's went plumb across the audience. Do you believe that He's here? Do you feel that quickening power in you? Well, that's the God that makes you well, friends. Do you believe it? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] [Hebrews 13:8], [Ephesians 2:1, 5], 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min [Colossians 2:13]

L-228 Now will you do one thing for me? For, how many in here is sick, let's see you raise your hand. Now it's going on five o'clock. Lay your hands over on each other, and let's just... Don't say a word now, just lay your hands on one--one another. I want you to do something.

L-229 Say, the man sitting right back here, has got that growth on his back. Do you believe that God will take that growth off your back, sir? Do you believe that God will make you well? Young fellow, looking at me, and thought he was going to get passed by. Raise your hand up, sir. That's right. You believe with all your heart, God will take it off for you.

L-230 Hallelujah! I challenge this whole audience, in the Name of Jesus Christ! If you could, if... Your conscience, don't let it be seared with unbelief, don't let it be flustrated. Can't you see the Son of man, the Son of man in the form of prophetic Message, returning back again in His Church, in prophecy, revealing Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever? It's never been done through the age, till this time. See? There is the proof of it. [Hebrews 13:8]

L-231 What is the Church? How do you get into It? When you're in there, everything that Jesus Christ was, you are, even to be a son and daughter of God. He become you that you might become Him.

L-232 The thing of it is, you are scared to use it, or either you're not cooperating with His Word. Now, that won't do a bit of good, and I--I don't care what you do. If you don't come fully into that Word, it'll never work. Who can accuse me of something He said and promised in this day, and it didn't happen? Then don't throw your denomination at me, 'cause it won't work.

L-233 Hallelujah! I feel, I know He's here. I'm positive He's here. I know that now there is quickening power enough in the Church to heal every person that's sitting here. Can you believe it? Well, then, will you? [Ephesians 2:1, 5], [Colossians 2:13]

L-234 Do you believe in praying for the sick? Do you believe Jesus said, "They lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover"? All right, put your hands over on each other now. Don't pray for yourself. Pray for the next person. They are praying for you. Now quietly and reverently. [Mark 16:18]

L-235 Lord, how I thank You, can stand here at this platform and--and preach a Word that's so contrary to the people's thinking today, till they would call It "heresy," they would call It "spiritualism," they would call It "evil spirits," like they did, when, "Beelzebub." But to see You right in the midst of this grand audience, this afternoon, turn right around and confirm and prove exactly what's been preached, that It is the Truth.

L-236 God, these are Your people. The--the Devil has tried to mess up the microphones, he's tried to mess up the people's thoughts, he's tried to keep them from getting This. But I believe they'll get It, anyhow, Lord. I ask for them to get It. I ask for them to receive It. Grant it, Lord, these believers with quickening power, that when they... if they don't live to see Your Coming, that quickening power will raise them up at the last days. [Ephesians 2:1, 5], [Colossians 2:13]

L-237 Grant just now that that quickening power will quicken their faith, Lord, to what they are doing. There is a believer got a hands on a believer, a body to a body, a power to a power. And it's the power of God, by a son of God or a daughter of God, by the Son of God. O God, may Satan turn this people loose! May they be healed this afternoon, by the resurrecting, quickening power of the Presence identified, Jesus Christ. In the Name of Jesus Christ, may it be so! [Ephesians 2:1, 5], [Colossians 2:13]

L-238 Your hands on the people has got quickening power in them, if you've been quickened. Have you come to Life? Has Christ become real to you? Has the power of God been manifested? Are you in that Church, God's provided Church? How are you in It, how do you know you've been quickened in It? Your whole thoughts, your whole being, is in Christ now. And Christ is in the midst of the people, proving Himself alive, proving that He is here at the days of Sodom.

L-239 With them hands of those people, that their lives have been changed from streetwalkers, from drunkards, from prostitutes on the street, to a genuine saints of God, quickened. Their hands is laying upon you. They're in the Church, by Holy Ghost baptism, the same power was upon Elijah's bones. That same power is laying upon your shoulder, upon 65-0425, God's Provided Place Of Worship, Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA, 99 min your hands, upon your heads, that same quickening power; with Him standing here proving that He's alive from the dead, show Himself that He's alive, here now doing the very same things that He did when He was...?... Amen! [II Kings 13:21], [Ephesians 2:1, 5], [Colossians 2:13]

L-240 Can you believe Him now? Can you believe that them hands layed upon you are godly hands, can you believe that Spirit that's quickening us now, making us act crazy to the world, do you believe that's His quickening power? Do you believe you're in His Church? Then, if you are, and believe that those hands that are laying on you are holy hands, commanded by God; then I command you, in the Name of Jesus Christ, to stand to your feet and accept your healing, everybody that's been sick. Oh, Christian, you realize what's taken place?

L-241 Do you realize, out in that street yonder is millions of people walking these streets, today, that's nothing in the world but atomic fodder? Do you realize them people are dead in sin and trespasses, and lives are black; in churches all over, for a few little lectures or something on some kind of a keeping of a certain thing, and call it religion.

L-242 Did you realize that you have been raised from death unto Life, and has been baptized into the Body of the living God that's quickened your body, where there is speaking in tongues and interpreting tongues, seeing Jesus Christ manifested among us? Why, sickness could not stand in such a group as this. Let your faith go to Him, believe Him! Say, "Lord God, I believe with all my heart," and you will be made well. [John 5:24]

L-243 Is there sinners here that would like to come into that Body? Raise your hands, and say, "I have never come into It, I've never been filled with the Holy Ghost, but, Brother Branham, I certainly desire It this afternoon. Will you pray for me?" Raise your hands. Don't be ashamed, you're in His Presence. Just look at the hands! Look at the hands!

L-244 Now everybody that wants the baptism of the Holy Ghost, raise up your hands, wherever you are, that want It.

L-245 Now you that's got the Holy Ghost, who is standing near them, lay your holy, consecrated hands upon them. "If the Holy Spirit, that raised up Jesus from the dead, dwells in you, it quickens your mortal bodies, from death to Life." It brings the whole body into the subjection to the Spirit. Now let's bow our heads, and everyone pray for those people that wants the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And I do believe that God will fill each one of you, right now, with the Holy Ghost. [Romans 8:11]

L-246 Why do we wait, friends? You're going to wait too, long, one of these days. This is the hour. Don't wait any longer. You're right here in this temple where you got all night to stay and pray.

L-247 Dear God, I pray that You'll send the Holy Ghost again, like as a rushing mighty wind, fill all the house, after the perfect identification here, this afternoon, that You're living and with the people. In Jesus' Name. Amen. [Acts 2:2] Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ Proving His Word
