################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-27 - July 27, 2025 Sunday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - Building In Troublous Time pt. 2 - Bloteh Won - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-27
Title:   July 27, 2025 Sunday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - Building In Troublous Time pt. 2
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8v9MqAln34
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Amazing grace, how sweet the Though the savior like me I once was lost [Music] was blind but now I see [Music] grace that taught my heart to fear. and grace my fears relieve. [Music] How precious [Music] is the grace of you where all I first daily through many dangerous stars as this. I have already [Music] come. His grace unborn receive the smold. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, [Music] time in years. Christ shine in us the sun. [Music] We know last days to sing God's praise in me. Praise be God. [Music] Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. What a joy to pay these praises. Turn to somebody and say, "God bless you this morning." Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Bless your name, Jesus. To God be the glory. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. All right. We have um this is a praise report here. I want to thank God for adding another year onto um me on the 25th of July. I want to thank him also for bringing my family to celebrate with me. That is from Sister Joy E. God bless you. Amen. And happy birthday. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Want to welcome sister Joy family this morning. God bless you. All right, let's stand as we invite the presence of God and we continue the same service this morning. Heavenly Father, we want to thank you God for such a wonderful privilege. Oh God, we thank you Lord for giving us this time to come and celebrate. Lord, we thank you for your grace and your mercy. Lord, bless the time of worship. Bless the song time. Bless the instrument. Bless the musician. Oh God, even bless the time of preaching this morning. We thank you oh God Lord for those who are screaming online. May you bless and be with them oh God. Even remember those who are trying to make their way here Lord through the horrible traffic. Oh God. Father we pray that you wash over them. We thank you. May your spirit and love and may your blood of Jesus fill this room this morning. We thank you oh God for every aspect of the service. We give it unto you God. In Jesus mighty name we pray. Amen. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. My Jesus, my savior. No, there is no one like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. I comfort my shelter. Tower of reuge and strength. and every breath. All that I am never cease to want to shape you. [Music] Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty, praise to the king. Mountain bow down and it sees where all at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the walks of your hands. Forever I love you forever I stand. Nothing conquers to the promise I have in you, [Music] my Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. I come from my sh. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] ever seems to worship you. Hallelujah. Shout to the Lord of the earth. Power and majesty praise to the king. mountain bow down and you cur [Music] of your name. [Music] Forever I love you. Forever I stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Nothing conc. [Music] Hallelujah. Your hands Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let all sing power and majesty. Praise to the king. mountain abound and deceive thereof at the shroud of your name asking for joy who works of your hand forever I love you forever rested nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Hallelujah. Bless your name, Jesus. Hallelujah. All right, let's go ahead and see. We have a special here this morning. Um, from Sister Becky Okusi. God bless you, sister. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's put our hands together for Jesus. What a joy this morning. Thank you, Lord. Amen. All right, sister. I want to thank God for my sister and um for bringing us here to celebrate with her and he's been so faithful and we have so much to thank him for. When I look around and see the good things he does for me, I know I'm unworthy of them all. In his blessings, he freely gives. I owe my life to him. I've got so much to thank him for. Well, I've got so much to thank him for. Oh, so much to praise him for. You see, it's been so good to me when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from. I've got so much to thank him for. [Music] And sometimes while all this way I kneel, Lord, I stood up and said thank you. Thank you for all you've done for us. And one day reach heaven shore. Oh, please let me kneel once more and say thank you, Lord, for all. Well, I've got so much to thank him for. I've got so much to praise him for. You see, it's been so good to us. When I think of what he's done and where his brother has from, I've got so much to thank him for. Yes, we've got so much to thank him for. We've got so much to praise him for. You see, he's being so good to us when we think of where he's brought us from. And oh, all he's done for us. So much to thank him for. Oh, we've got so much to thank him for. God so much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to us. When I think of all he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. Oh, when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to him. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. We got so much to thank him for. Hallelujah. What a blessing this morning. Thank you, Lord. Amen. We got so much to thank him for. Thank him for his goodness. Thank you for the bread of life. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Let's go ahead and stand as we continue the song service. We'll ask the deacons um to go ahead and pick up the offering. Amen. Some glad morning when this life is over I away. Oh li away far away. Oh glory high far away. [Music] Hallelujah. Far away. Far away. Oh glory. [Music] Far away. [Music] Hallelujah. Far and [Music] far away. I bro glory. [Music] Hallelujah. far away the day. I away never end far away. Far away. Oh, glory high away. Hallelujah. Far and far away. Hallelujah. [Music] And the shadow of this life [Music] raising my Far away. Far away. Oh glory. Far away. [Music] Hallelujah. Far and far away days and days where we should never end. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Your hands [Music] glory. [Music] Lord days and death away [Music] far away. I far away. Oh, glory. Far away. [Music] Hallelujah. By and by are away. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. That's what the devil hate praises. Amen. The devil hate praises more than anything. When you praise God, he get mad. So, let's keep praising. Let's clap our hands for Jesus. Let's praise our most high God. He's worthy to be praised. Amen. You ask me why I'm happy. I just want to tell you why because my sins are gone. And when I met the prophets who ask me where they were, I said, my sins are gone. They are all underneath the cross. On the cross of Calvary as the darkness is from God in the sea of gospel they're good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Was that the old time where God could my heart my [Music] possession the devil my sins are gone. They are all that leave the cross. Hallelujah. [Music] They fall in love for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. When Satan come to temp me and try to make me down, I say I say hallelujah. You got me into trouble. My Jesus got me out. My sins are gone. They are all underneath the cross. On the cross of Calvary. Feels good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. I'm living out for Jesus. I'm happy and my sins are gone. My soul is filled with music with all my heart and say my sins are gone. Hey cross on the cross of Calvary of God's goodness and pouring out for me. Praise God my sins are gone. Praise God my sins are gone. Praise God, my sins are gone. Praise God, my sins are gone. They are on the ground on the cross of Calvary. [Music] Praise God. My sins are gone. Believe that shout glory this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Deeper deeper in the love of Jesus. Let me go higher. I am in the school of praise to Lord. My head I pray and higher every day and my amen. Yeah. Lost on Jesus. My head I pray. Yeah. Every day a blessed Lord in the preious holy birth. [Music] Let me go. Holy love of Jesus. and high every day. [Music] The blessed Lord in a preious holy word. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. All right. Now we'll go ahead and change the order of service as we allow pastor to come up preaching to us this morning. That's the most important aspect of this service. Let us put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Amen. As we prepare our heart to hear from heaven. [Music] Amazing grace how sweet the sound made it over but over [Music] amazing His house lead over a mouse for lost power over. [Music] It was grace that taught my heart to you. over a precious thing that we appear. Oh, we sing. Hallelujah. Oh. Oh. [Music] over gra, [Music] [Music] thousand years [Music] Oh [Music] my praise. I'm ready. Oh, we sing. Oh. Oh. [Music] Amazing grace. I see. Over the world's most wonder we oh [Music] amen. Thank you Jesus. Amen. [Applause] I'm kind of homey &gt;&gt; for a country to wish have never been before. Oh s goodbye [Music] with walk for time war [Music] anymore. [Music] You learn I'm longing for you. And someday [Music] I'll be and turn [Music] You la [Music] you land [Music] the land. I'm longing for you and someday only I stand there my Oh, shall be eternal. Oh, et build the lamb. [Music] We build the lamb. [Music] Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. Let's go to see the grace of God on your faces. We want to thank the Lord for giving us another opportunity into his house, into his presence this morning. He's been so good to us. He's been so good to us. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. We will greet everyone in the name of the Lord Jesus. And uh those that are streaming online that couldn't be in service this morning, we greet you all as well. And uh and all our streaming brothers and sisters from around the world. Uh there's a friend of mine that was coming from Trinidad and uh uh he was part of the brothers that were here with us last week and but he stopped in New York because he have to go back and and we were talking on the phone a good friend that we have not seen for many years you know so uh while we were talking from one thing to another he told me and he says uh you know uh I'm I subscribed to your church YouTube kind of and uh so I follow your service all the time. I say I see why I have heart I'm preaching. Praise the Lord. He's a good friend of mine, brother at so we we are so happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. We have some few prayer needs here. But before we do that, let's uh make our uh visitors welcome. We want to greet uh brother Johnson Brown that is fellowshipping with us. Okay. God bless you. God bless you. Thank you for coming to visit with us. And this morning we have uh sister Joy uh mother her brother-in-law sister was the one that gave the special day and her nieces. So, uh, Sister Joy, full represent, full representation in the house this morning. Amen. Amen. I I can't remember the years since. My memory is not too good. And uh, but uh, uh, it's been a couple of years now, Sister Joy has been with us and u, I remember she just came for the visit. We're having a special meeting and the special meeting keeps going on. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. And uh well, it's it's been a blessing to have our sister and it's good to uh be able to meet her mom and uh her sister and brother-in-law. God bless you for making time to come and see us and uh if Jesus tried, we will come and see you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So we just thank the Lord for that. So like I said we have some few prayer needs here. We want to uh also bring greetings from our brother um pastor Samura the the brother from Seleon that was with us. He finally got back home and uh uh and then the the rainstorm welcome him took the roof off of their church and uh so I I told him I says well what a way to be welcome back home. And uh so but he sent his greetings and and asked that we keep them in prayer and I think the Lord is helping them in that uh Muslim area of several where they are. Uh he sent some report to me of few people that were being baptized. So we thank the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; We thank the Lord for that. And I also uh brave myself to be able to talk to uh brother Solomon and sister James that lost their children in that uh hor horrific fire experience uh back in Liberia. I was able to speak to them last week separately and uh uh uh it was uh it was an experience but uh we you know it was good to it was good to be able to to talk to them. It was it was comforting. It was comforting for me and and found a way to be able to comfort and strengthen them too. So they ask that we keep them in their prayer. Brother Johnny and Sister Master, they're not in church with us this morning, but they are both ber. Brother Johnny lost his younger sister and sister Master lost her cursing back in Liberia. So, we want to pray for them this morning. There uh uh the Lord will will also help them. And uh uh and then a few prayer needs came in through our regular uh prayer request here. Uh let's take this one. This one came in very early this morning. Good morning since many of you uh uh have heard no doubt for me. I was just receiving this. Brother Max orders pass on uh to his reward yesterday. I've always remembered that big smile and booming voice leading worship at the uh at the Ruth uh North Carolina uh mission um camp meeting there at brother Joe Green's camp meeting. Praying praying that the Lord will strengthen and comfort and give peace to the family. We're also praying for my nephew uh this is from brother Dutch uh praying for his nephew Adam this morning. He has been sick uh uh for the week with a fluid and now inside of his mouth had broke with uh ulcers. He's having a hard time eating. So let's pray that the Lord will help him. Another one this morning. Also the word from brother Donnie Mc uh McRi brother brother was in a bad car wreck so bad he rip the seat out and he got a couple of break broken ribs and uh uh he's having some conculion. Brother Donnie says uh please pray for his soul first. He's not a Christian. Uh God saved this man, heal him spiritually and physically. Amen. Let's just bow our hearts to the Lord. [Music] [Music] You know this song that is playing Amazing Grace will always be my son of praise. Daddy Rambo wrote this song. [Music] And this song was for she wrote this song for her dad while she was believing him to be saved. Dory started singing from 12 years old. She's uh like a fanny cross. Most of the songs we sing, she wrote it as a little girl. She started singing and then her dad wanted her to go and sing uh in the nightclub and sing rock and roll. When she refused, her dad pulled her out of the house. From about 12, 15 years old, she started following preachers around and started preaching. But she was believing in her heart for her dad to be saved. [Music] And when uh daddy got saved, that was when she wrote this song. Amazing grace should always be my song of praise. But it was grace that bought my liberty. [Music] I do not know how he came to love me. soul. He lo my faults and saw my need. [Music] I shall forever [Music] live my night to calary to do. Yes. Where Jesus died for me. How my Lord grace that caught my fault soul. He looked me up my fault and saw my need. Let's pray together this morning. We remember brother Wesley and sister Carrot and uh as many as God will place on your heart this morning to remember. also pray for me and uh uh remember sister Lisbe too. Let's just lift our voices to the Lord this morning. Heavenly Father, we just want to thank you Lord. We thank you father God for giving us another opportunity Lord God to be in your house. Oh father, what an awesome God Lord and what a wonderful wonderful father Lord Jesus you are Lord. We just thank you father for being so good to us Lord. Oh God of true Lord, amazing grace will be will always be father our son of praise. Lord we want to thank you for grace this morning. We thank you father Lord for the opportunity Lord you have given us oh God. Father that God we can gather strength this morning in consciousness to come into the house of God. Father we pray that Lord God you would just come oh God just come and bless us Lord. Bless us in your presence this morning, Father. Lord God, as we lift all of these special needs to you, oh God. Father, we pray, oh dear Lord Jesus, that you will remember your children. Father God, pray for Solomon James again, Father God. Only you can comfort them, Lord Jesus. Oh God, Father, Father, Oh God, you know how to turn their sorrow, Lord God, into joy and blessing. Pray to father for that group there, Lord God. Father Lord, the roof of their belly gong, you can provide, you can supply their needs. Oh, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ this morning, Father God, pray Lord God for that young man with broken rips, Lord. Father God, out of an accident, Lord, his brother is asking for the salvation of his soul this morning and the healing of his body. We pray in the name of Jesus Christ, almighty God, that you, Father, Lord God, will step in. Oh dear Lord, we pray. Oh, Father God, also Lord Jesus, Father God, Lord, for every unspoken prayer request in our midst this morning. Oh, Father, we pray, oh God, for all of your people, Lord, that are in your presence, Lord, lifting up holy hands, oh Father God, we ask that, Lord, you bless us this morning, Lord. Draw us closer to you, Father. Come in a special way, oh God. Oh dear Lord and minister to also Father those that are mourning brother John and sister Master we pray that God be a comfort to them also in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh father we thank you Lord we thank you oh God we praise you father we glorify your name oh God oh thank you father lord yes oh Jesus you look beyond all of our faults lord you look beyond oh god father our failures lord our weaknesses oh god father lord our disgrace and lord you have met our needs oh god oh father to be in your house this morning so lord we just prayed as we commit ourself to you Lord You will come now God and bless us. You will come and bless us oh father. Lord. Oh sweet Jesus. Oh God. Yes Lord. Thank you father. Thank you Lord. Thank you. Thank you Jesus. Thank you precious Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Oh, we thank you, Father. We praise your name, Lord. We praise your name, Jesus. We praise your name, Lord. Thank you, Father. You look beyond our faults. Lord, you met our need by sending Malachi forward. You met our need, Lord Jesus. You said, "Lisa, come and smash the earth with a cur curse." But I send you Elijah the prophet. We want to thank you, Father God, for the message of the hour. We thank you for the Holy Ghost, Lord Jesus, that is still moving in the land that is still converting hearts, oh God, healing the sick of God. Father, we pray, though God Jesus, come and bless us, Lord. Come and bless us this morning. We thank you. We love you. In Jesus' name we pray. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Let's stand on our feet. Let's stand on our feet. I woke up this morning with my mind on Jesus. Let's greet one another as we prepare ourself for the word this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] I woke up this morning with my mind. Oh, stay on the Lord. Yeah. I woke up this morning with my mind. Oh yes. Stay on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh yes. I woke up this morning with my mind. Said on Jesus, I woke up this morning with my mind. Stay all alone. And I woke up this morning with my mind. Oh yes. Stay on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now I'm singing and shouting with my mind. Stay on Jesus. I'm singing and shouting with my mind. Stay on the Lord. Oh, I'm singing and shouting with my mind. Oh yes. Stay on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, I woke up this morning in my mind. Say, oh Jesus, I woke up this morning in my mind. Say on the Lord, I woke up this morning with my life. Stay on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Halleluah. [Music] Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. Let's take our Bibles. Thank you, musicians. Let's take our Bibles. And uh praise the Lord. We started speaking a couple of weeks ago on u Daniel chapter 9. Let's get back to Daniel chapter 9. And we will read from uh um the same verse we read from verse 20. Daniel chapter 9 verse 20. Praise the Lord. Daniel chapter 9 verse 20. Like we said before, Daniel was a Jewish boy, but God used him for gentile prophecy. So, the book of Daniel is uh is is a book that is filled with gentile prophecies and uh and some amazing things are in the book of Daniel. You find out what what Bible historians call the silent years between Malachi and Matthew. you find they are right in the book of Daniel. Amen. So there is nothing about the scripture that is silent. Amen. Praise the Lord. So Daniel chapter 9, let's read from verse uh 20. And while I was speaking and praying, I love this. while I was speaking and praying and confessing my sin and the sin of my people Israel and presenting my supplication before the Lord my God for the holy mountains of my God. Yeah, while I was speaking in prayer, even the man Gabriel, whom I have seen in a vision, this is the angel Gabriel coming to Daniel, but he came as a man. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now with flying wings on his back, he came as a man walking in the presence of Gabriel. Amen. whom I have seen in a vision at the beginning being caused to fly sweetly uh uh touching me about the time of the evening oblation and and he informed me and talked with me and said, "Oh Daniel, I am calm. I am now comfort to give thee skills and understanding." Praise the Lord. Something is bogging my mind, but I will get back to that. I've come to give you skills and understanding at the beginning of of that supplication, the commandments came forth, and I am come to show thee, for thou I greatly beloved. Therefore, understand the matter, and consider the vision. 70 weeks are determined upon thy people, and upon thy holy city, to finish the transgression, and to make an end of sin, and to make reconciliation for iniquity, and to bring in everlasting righteousness, and to seal up division, and prophecies, and to anoint the most holy. Know therefore and understand down here that from the going forth of the commandment to restore and to build Jerusalem from the glorif and to build Jerusalem unto the Messiah the prince shall be 70 weeks and three schools in two weeks. The street shall be built again and the walls even in troubles time. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; That's the word that we were looking for. That's why we did all of this reading because we want to speak on building in troubleous time. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, we just so grateful Lord. Oh God, with our Hmon knowledge, Lord, canary brain, we have been able to manage to read your word. But father, that have to do with the feeling of the soul is a work of the Holy Ghost. So we come that pray them that you come out of the pages of your word discern our needs Lord every every soul in this building even from the little ones something that will be said that will that will grab their attention Lord oh father that their soul will fe on oh God we just pray you come and take complete control now bless our time in your presence father we pray that God you would just water our spiritual appetite for your word. Give us Lord, Father God, the spiritual know nourishment to be able to pull on the gift of God. And Father, Lord Jesus, and we pray that you would go beyond our notes, go beyond our inspiration and preparation, oh God, and minister to the needs of your people this morning. Oh father, we pray that you come and have your way. To you be the praise. To you be the glory and honor. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. Praise the Lord. You may have your seat. Oh, we just want to thank the Lord this morning. Amen. For the Lord. He is good. Praise the Lord. He is good. He is good. The Lord is good. Amen. The Lord is very good. So this morning we want to speak we want to go back and and uh and speak on uh a subject that we started uh building in troubles time. Praise the Lord. And uh uh uh next week Sunday uh uh if the Lord tires and give us another Sunday, we would like to have a prayer meeting in the evening which will be our communion service uh for those that will like to be part of faith. So next week Sunday uh we want to have a little prayer meeting in the evening while we have our communion service and then we'll also ask your prayers that's supposed to be a way u in the coming upper week uh for uh brother Joseph Jacosi church dedication in Zimbabwe. So we will be there to to kind of support them minister for them as well. So please keep us in your prayers. Amen. Amen. And we will really need your prayers. Praise the Lord. It's a little bit uh uh uh challenging or troubling for me to to go away this time, but uh uh I gave a promise to be there. So I want to keep my word. So please uh keep us in your prayers. Praise the Lord. with uh uh my mother-in-law not feeling well. Uh I just enjoy staying close to home these days. So to be able to break there uh becoming a little bit challenging for me. So just keep me in your prayers. Okay. Let's uh let's just read uh uh a quote here to be able to start up. Let's just read. Let me let me uh um find something I can read just to be able to to break break out of myself this morning and just uh a word of a truth prophet. Uh a word of a truth prophet. we want to read this uh uh and and I was reading this uh while studying and uh I thought I said well this this will come out to be to be a good one that we can we can all meditate appreciate this morning the way of the way of a truth prophet that's the way of a true prophet he had the word of the Lord for the nation but the word of the Lord was foreign to those people yet they thought they had it. Amen. Now you have to know here he's comparing Amos with the last day ministry. Uh uh so he's speaking about Amos. He had the word of the Lord but the word of the Lord was foreign to the people of that time in in every age. It has been the same you know. Uh but there are some things he say here that we can appreciate. He said yet they thought that he had it. I hope this get down deep. That's that's the reason why I read it. Amen. So, it's it's a kind of a statement to be able to get our attention. I hope you pay attention to this. I hope you pay attention to this. They thought they heard they thought that they were proud and religious that the word of the Lord was a foreign thing to them. And that is the way it is today. The true word of God may manifest is a foreign thing to lot of Pentecostal people. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. The word of the Lord may manifest is foreign to lot of Pentecostal people. the real interpretation of the word. Not what we make the word to say. &gt;&gt; Not what we think is saying, but what thou said the Lord says. &gt;&gt; The real interpretation of the word is foreign. Amen. You go out there there is lot of appealing statement and sometimes I listen to uh uh uh some of the short videos and short comment they they are they are appealing but I mean uh uh if if the voice of God has not grabbed your attention the voice of God for this age it have not grabbed your attention anything that sound good you will take it to be the word of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Anything that say Jesus says or says the Bible says, you take it to be the word of the Lord. But the real the real the real interpretation of the word. Now listen now see see some of these things uh the real walls which mean the judgment. And this morning that's one of the thing we're going to talk about. We're going to speak about the three walls. Revelation 9 says, "The second world has ended. Behold, the tear war comes quickly." What are those things? What are the wars? We want to look at that this morning in uh uh uh I'm not teaching on it, but I'm going to pass that way. Amen. The real interpretation, the the real wars and and curses, the real blessings of God is a foreign thing to many people who call themselves holiness church member Christians. Why? Because the blessings of God are all attached to perishable things. &gt;&gt; Amen. People don't they they don't they don't they don't locate in the place of uh uh uh the real blessing of God is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Is uh is is is an is an it's an evidence of adoption and uh the token to go in the rapture. I mean that's that's not where they are looking at you know uh uh that's not what they are they are pointing to. It's for it's a foreign thing to them. They don't know it mention it to them. Never heard of such a thing. I've never heard it that God will get a church without spot or wrinkle. Praise the Lord. That uh you were chosen in Christ before the foundation of the word. Praise the Lord. You were chosen before you became a sinner. It's a foreign thing because the language is we are all saved by grace. truth we are. But before before we became saved by grace, there was a work that was done before the foundation of the word. And there were names that were put on the book of life. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Your good work did not put your name on the book of life. You were not born and your name is not from the hospital registrate that your name was put on the book of life but from the mind of God when he first thought about you. Praise the Lord. Knowing that the the the million James that will come from out of your father the one that he predestinated that he look upon and said this will be the one that we live out in 2025. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. that he took a picture of you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; A little boy one time was talking to his grandfather and he says, "Grandfather, do God really see me?" He says, "Yes, grandson, he loves you so much that he can't take his eyes off you." &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. And you know when grandchildren are saying those things, something is on of their sleeves. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; And that's a way to to be able to remind yourself that he loves you so much that he can take his eyes off you. Not only when you are in your good time, even when you are in your bad time, even when you are failing, he can take his eyes off you. Praise the Lord. And like brother Brandon says, you mention it. They have never heard of such a thing. And yet their organization grow and prosper getting bigger and bigger members all the time. more organization added every year they thought that anything that comes to them had to come out of the sectarian group. Praise the Lord. So the the reason why I read this is uh is is for us to say to you that we are a privileged people. &gt;&gt; Amen. We are a privileged people and we must count ourself to be blessed. Amen. Because what uh what what we share with you is not uh uh uh uh man calling devices. Amen. It's not something that we just we just think about that. Yeah, this thing will sound good. Let me go and say it. Praise the Lord. It has to be an echo. Amen. What we say to you is an echo. We are just echoing what the prophet of the age have said. Praise the Lord. So we must count ourself a privileged people. Many of us are uh uh young people you know either older people you know sometimes is it it does not get real to us. Sometimes we think that uh lot of the things that we put into this is our effort you know then the sacrifices that we made you know if God never got your attention you will never make the sacrifices that you are making. &gt;&gt; Amen. If God never got your attention to put his love in your heart for you to love him the way you love him, the measure that you love him, you will have never loved God the way you love him. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; So we know that it's not by power, it's not by might, it's by the grace of God. And we must always be grateful for grace that have found us. Amen. The God that has looked beyond our fault to be able to meet our needs. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; No doubt I believe there are some uh uh uh uh you know wonderful, beautiful people that uh that are hungering. I still believe there are people that are hungering and testing for truth. People that are hungering to be able to hear something from the word of God. not just uh you know a sandwich truth or just something you know uh uh of of popular demand you know something uh you know of of a balanced political speech. No, I mean something that will be able to tell them there is a living God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So uh we must count ourself privileged people uh knowing that uh we have the real interpretation of the word of God to know what the plagues are what the seals you know I mean many many many uh uh uh people will not attempt to even read from the book of revelation to talk about the seals or talk about the church ages you know uh talk about the plagues you know so we must count ourself a privileged people. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; And let make let's make use of everything that God has given to us. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So that's that just my introduction this morning. And while we get back to our subject of uh uh building in troubles time. We we we said that uh uh starting this subject, the book of Daniel exposed the gentile spiritual warfare. Amen. It speaks about the gentile spiritual warfare. You know, brother Bam says the gentile age begin uh uh uh with with supernatural things, supernatural signs, supernatural gift, you know, because the time of Daniel was uh was uh uh uh God giving the prophet Daniel uh uh uh supernatural uh dream dreams and vision just to be able to uh speak about our time. And like I said, uh one of God's attribute uh uh the Asian of day was manifested in Daniel. that that's is the only book that talks about the Asian of the Asian of Day was mentioned nowhere in the scripture but it was God manifesting himself uh uh to Daniel and Daniel saw one you know he talks about one like the son of man and one like the Asian of D which which looks like uh it looks like uh h a kind of a contradiction on until you understand that is God manifesting himself. Praise the Lord. As the supreme authority. &gt;&gt; That's what the Asian of Days stands for. The supreme authority. One that is the supreme judge. Amen. Daniel say, "I seen one like the son of man coming to the Asian of D." So there's a ministry of a son of man that will bring us to that place where we will come under the supreme authority. Praise the Lord. And that was only seen in Daniel. Then we also talk about where Daniel talk about the prince of Pesure. He says, "And the prince of Greece comes also." Praise the Lord. And he's using these words uh that uh uh uh sounds like like ranks in the empire of Pes or ranks like in the empire of the Greeks. But these were these were spiritual ranking demons. Amen. It was not just like the prince you talk about the the prince in Dubai or you know there the uh uh no that's is it was not that kind of a prince that Daniel was talking about. He was talking about a a supreme power. He was talking about uh uh a chief demon power that was over the land of Persia. He was governing the affairs of the evil that were done in Persia that uh that that that that Gabriel couldn't break in and bring uh answers to Daniel. And Daniel speaks of all of these things, but he also speaks of the the prince of of of Greece, you know, uh uh that's that is uh so uh it is from there that we know we learn that every kingdom, every nation has a chief demon power. Amen. Paul says, "We rattle not against flesh and blood but against principalities, spiritual wickedness in high places." And these are all praying spirits. You know Daniel talked about that. But as he talks about the spirits that are governing the earth, he also talks about the spirit that is that is that is in charge of the believer. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Just like the nation have praise, we also have praise. He says Messiah the prince. Amen. &gt;&gt; Will stand for his people. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So we have one that is standing for us. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Or else we will have all been wept out. We have all been, you know, uh we will not be here to be celebrating our victory. Amen. But we have Miah the prince. So Daniel is dealing with uh with some with some with some tough stuff. Amen. He's dealing with some real things. And uh so as as we talk about this, you will see why these are important because Daniel talk about the the gentile superpower. Amen. Today you know people look at Russia, America that is that is just uh uh uh uh political political powers that are ruling the world but they are not superpower. I calling to the Bible that uh the the the gentile word has uh uh uh five superpower you know the Babylonian kingdom the the me and Persian you know the Greeks and and and then coming down to the Roman that that was in the lead and it broke both into papa Rome and pagan Rome. So these are the the kingdoms that have been ruling the gentile empire. I call into God and I call into prophecy. So right now we we uh we we are we are stay on the uh uh the Roman domain. Amen. So you we find all of that over in uh in the book of Daniel. So it's a it's a very it's a very rich book. Amen. It's a very very rich book. So uh as we look at this uh the subject that we want to look at this morning, this is where my thoughts are going. You know, this is where my thoughts are going. Uh the moment I can give you, you know, uh uh uh my thoughts, then we all, you know, we can we can fight and eat on it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. If you if you never grown up where food was set before you and many others that you have to not eat eat uh uh nicely, you got to try to eat a little more. Amen. You got to try to outsmart somebody to eat meat. If you have never done that before, welcome. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. So uh where I'm going this morning is I want you I want us to watch this now. Uh as we started this subject we were talking about how God how God design it in a way to be able to build uh uh even even before he will come down and and uh and give us a universe you know he decided to do that in wars. Amen. He decided to do it. There there is just there is just something mysterious about God word. He used difficult times to be able to build his people. The Bible says he will he will he will uh uh uh he will give he will give the woman three sacred virtues there that will be given to her for redemption. But he did it in the night. He shut the whole uh uh creation down, you know. Uh he shut the whole creation down. It was night uh uh uh black and dark and then he went right into that darkness and formed the woman and gave her this secret virtue. You know, he showed that uh in Genesis chapter 15 to Abraham, you know, he shut the heavens when he was making covenant with Abraham and and promising Abraham. He brought darkness on the earth. that it's just something that is just mysterious of our God that uh that's the reason why Paul could say uh you know the foolishness of God is wiser than men. Amen. Praise the Lord. The foolishness of God is wiser than men. I mean uh uh uh I mean that God will want to save his people, you know, from a judgment and then tell Noah to build a boat. Praise the Lord. this almighty God. Why why not just uh you know create a supernatural presence around them you know uh uh uh and let everybody see them floating in the air. Praise the Lord. You got to put this old man to work for 120 years and uh you don't even have building skills. He was a farmer. But that's the way God works. You see, because uh uh uh uh a whole lot of your life is hid in a mystery. What you think you know about yourself is a little bit of the picture. We are put down here and all of our life is to discover who we are because you are more of a spirit being than the physical self you are seeing. Don't look at your your face. Don't look at your body. Don't look at your age. You have an ageless being in you. &gt;&gt; You have a You have a being in you that uh that that was there before the word began. And that's what life on earth is all about. That's what the the the gospel message is all about. That's what grace has come to you and myself so we can discover who is this person. Praise the Lord. All the troubles of life that we have gone through, it's not because the family we came from, the country we were born or or something about this body. No, it's about that that treasure that is in you, that mystery that is in your body. &gt;&gt; That God want you to discover. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. And you die a disappointed person if you really don't know who you were. All your days on earth, you are just impersonating, trying to be like somebody you saw on the magazine, somebody you saw in the news, somebody you saw in the paper. We always trying to be like somebody when we need to really know who we are, where we came from, where we going, what is this all about? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. And then so so when you see it here, you realize that uh uh man, I don't even know where to start from, but let's go ahead anyway. You look at it here, you realize that uh uh uh think about it. Think about it. Look, look at this. Look at this. Revelation chapter 12. Let's start from somewhere. Revelation chapter 12. Praise the Lord. If you don't help me this morning, you know that you're on a very long route. Amen. Because actually, I really preach for 30 minutes. But I need to find myself. Amen. I need to gather my thoughts cuz it's all scattered all over the place. And as soon I do that, then 30 minutes I bring my message. So all these things I'm doing, I'm just trying to gather my thoughts. Amen. So just be patient with me. I'm I'm I'm a Paul speaker. Revelation 12. Let's look at this. Verse 7. The Bible says, "And there was war in heaven. Michael and his angels fought against the dragon and the dragon fought and his angels and prevailed not neither was their place for anymore in heaven." Now, so you realize that every word every word that we we ever experience started in heaven. Amen. So just like just like I was saying from from what Daniel is showing about the prince of Persia and he's talking about Messiah the prince and and and and he's saying that the prince of Persia stopped me but Micah the archangel came. So we realize that wars wars all these forces they are not your battle. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Wars are not your battle. &gt;&gt; We just become battleground. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Where spirits come and war &gt;&gt; on us. Praise the Lord. Wars are not your battle. Every war uh uh uh uh begin uh uh uh you know uh they were all angelic wars. uh uh Isaiah uh 14 tell us there Lucifer saying I will ascend my throne and God saying I will bring you down to the lowest you know and and and that spiritual war that started in heavenly places you know uh now becomes human conflict it becomes parent and children fussing husband and wifeing praise the Lord when it's it's it's it's just the effect of what is taking place. That is the reason why if if there is a situation if we can just grab oursel and ask our what this is all about. What this is all about because sometimes it's it's just some of the most silliest thing that if you just take time to think about it, you realize you don't have no reason to fuss. Are we together? So wars, you see wars are uh uh praise the lord what what were angelic wars have become human conflict. They have become human conflict and and and and the influence that war that uh uh that is that uh John is telling us about you're describing war in heaven became human conflict you know and before it was start in the human conflict it started the first world war was a lie if you just look at some of the things that is creating some of the the the the the family dispute that families have church problems. Praise the Lord. When none of us can save ourself, yes, we have church problem. We have reason why we can't go to this church. When none of nobody went to Calvary. So when you look at some of the things you realize that is just an influence from somewhere. Praise the Lord. I think I think some of you I think you have seen that you know where where where you know uh uh uh someone is just is just telling of what has happened you know and and they I mean they they are dramatizing and I can't believe it and and and right away another innocent guy just get angry and he ready to fight. You really they did that to you? Where was that? Who's that? He don't know what has happened. He don't know who is this person. But just from the way the person is uh you know using all their energy to say this, this guy is anointed. He want to fight. And sometimes that's the way we are. Amen. That's the way we are. So what were where what what were angelic wars be uh has become human conflict and and and and they have influenced some of the dispute. What were angelic war became the first lie in Eden. Praise the Lord. It became the first lie in Eden. And then from the first wall, that's uh uh uh uh uh uh Revelation chapter 9, it says, "Behold the first war and after the first war come the second wall, which is the second wall war." We will get to there, but I just I just trying to build up here. So from the first first war or the first lie then it it it what did it became? Uh it became the first idolatry. So it was it was a lie that was told to one person and then the next thing two person got involved that wall in heaven now has affected then the next thing that is that a whole family is involved because king has killed a first lie the first adultery the first murder those were the first three wars happening right in Eden But they were influenced from the war in heaven. Praise the Lord. Word John testified here that uh uh uh uh Micah and his angel fought against the dragon and his the dragon and his angels uh uh the dragon and the dragon fought and his angels and prevailed net. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Verse nine. And that great dragon was cast out, that old serpent called the devil and Satan which deceiveth the whole world. He was cast into the earth. So you see what was angelic world now has become human conflict. Praise the Lord. It started to deal with one person break into the realm of reasoning. Amen. Which is our mind battles. Amen. Our mind battles. Sometimes our war is with ourself. Are we together? We are just in the word of our own mind. Glory be to God. You love the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. You see and and and that's what happened. You know uh uh uh if a person don't take God's word, if you are not reading God's word and believing what God says, you will make your mind your own God because you will think your thoughts are right. The way you think about it is right. Everybody in the world is wrong. Praise the Lord. Your mind becomes your own absolute. &gt;&gt; Are we together now? So you see uh uh uh what was angelic war became human conflict and now influencing all our dispute here on the earth. It it you know influenced the first lie, the first adultery, the first bloodshare. Lie was a one person, adultery was two person. The bloodshare divided the whole family. So we see here that the first world was a religious war. Amen. It was a religious war. The first blood that was ever shared was shared on the altar. Praise the Lord. So you see church, this thing uh uh about serving God, this thing about uh uh uh uh you know uh if we if we don't come into his presence, if we don't come into his sanctuary, we we it's it's easy for us to take on a religious spirit and rel and and and a religious spirit can get bloody. &gt;&gt; Amen. Yeah. Religious spirit can get bloody because until we come into his presence and become h and take on his attribute and become his uh h take on his nature. That's the only way we can be sacrificed. Amen. And that's the only way we can give ourself for others. That's the only way we can let go and let others have the room. But until we come to that place, we're going to fight our ground. And if it has to be bloody, let it be bloody. Praise the Lord. Religion is one of the greatest curse the world ever have because it never brings conviction. And when a man is not converted, he's very dangerous. Praise the Lord. He can kill for what he believe that he's not ready to live. &gt;&gt; Amen. He can kill for what he believe, but he's not ready to live. &gt;&gt; That's how dangerous it can be. Let's get into this thing, people. We are building in troubleous times. So we see here that uh uh uh uh there there there is just something there is something mysterious about how God you know works in this way that uh uh just in the midst of the chaos he was able to bring out a garden of Eden. Praise the Lord. in the midst of Adam and Eve falling to lies and uh uh uh you know uh uh getting into the devil deceit and adultery and all of that but yet he was able to provide a lamb. So you see that uh uh God always build in the midst of our rubbish. He always build when when there when we are in troubles time when it looks like everything the Bible say the imagination of men were evil and and and they were taking as wives as many as the one you know and and the the whole earth was but yet he was able to build an ark just when the world is just going crazy but yet God has a design he's building something praise the Lord Amen. He's building something. Let me let me show you where what caught my mind on this thing. Revelation. Let's go to the book of Revelation. We just take few verses quickly. Revelation chapter 8. Amen. Revelation chapter 8 verse 13. And I beheld and I and and and I heard an angel flying through the midst of heaven saying with a loud voice, w to the inhabitants of the earth by reasons of the other h voices of the trumpet of the three angel which are yet to sound. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What are that? What is that? Praise the Lord. What is that? Revelation chapter 19. No, chapter 9. Sorry. Revelation chapter 9. Let's look at verse Let's look at verse 12. Like I said, I just I just want to to pick these verses. And you can can go and read and study on your own here. Uh verse 12, listen to what it says here. One world is passed. Verse 8 tells us about a flying angel that have that have pronounced to the inhabitants of the earth world. In verse nine here we see the Bible speaks of one world is passed. Verse 12 in chapter 9. One war is passed and behold there come two wars more hereafter. Praise the Lord. A prophet will come and help us to see that these walls that are pronounced to the earth they are the war wall wars. Amen. Because these war walls are major curse. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. They are major curse that is that is going to affect the inhabitants of the earth. So every nation on the heaven one way or the other will be affected by these by these wars. So chapter nine says one pass and they are two to come because the angel in chapter 8 said world wars. Are we together? Follow me a little bit here. Just be patient. Amen. Chapter 11. Chapter 9 say, "One war is passed and behold there there cometh two walls more yet after." Chapter 11 verse 14, the Bible says, "The second war is passed and behold the tear wall come quickly." Praise the Lord. Amen. The second world is passed and behold the tail world comes quickly. And now when when when you look at these prophecies that are in the Bible and then you try to bring it to history, you realize this this is the thing that caught my attention people. If you realize all of these three wars which represent the three wars happen in our generation when it has to do with biblical dispensation. Now this is the thing that grasp that grab my attention. Pay attention to this. Here is it that God said in Malachi 4, behold I come and smash the earth with a curse. Praise the Lord. He said, "Behold, I come and smash the earth." Re I mean, uh, Malachi 4:1 talks about where the whole earth is going to burn and the and and the righteous will come and walk on the ashes of the wicked. But God says, "I will hold to that until I send a prophet messenger on the earth until I send Malachi for. Behold, I send you Elijah the prophet." &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; And he will come and turn the hearts of the children back to the father, the fathers to the children, the children to the fathers. And then I will come and I will smash the earth with a curse. &gt;&gt; Are we together? See the progression. See the fulfillment of this. Are we together? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Oh my my my. Amen. Watch this as we as we study together. The first war war was in 1914. Okay. It was in 1914 when the first world war was started. But Brandon was born 1909. Count from 1909 to 1914. Praise the Lord. The first world war was started November uh uh uh no started July 28, 1914. Here is God promising to send a ministry, a ministry, a humble ministry that will that will be able to labor among the people and to be able to get his predestinated children grab their attention. And just when uh that little child where the the parents were not even religious. The father was a drunk. &gt;&gt; Amen. And God just slip in there. Praise the Lord. He just slip in there. Not finding a religious family. It just found this ordinary family. He just slip right in there. And a gift was born into the earth. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But right at that time, they want to saw the supernatural things that took place at at his birth and all of that. We know the story about it. But what will happen is that in 1914 when this uh a little child will have his first vision as a seven-year-old boy, you remember going to fresh water with his brothers and the whalewind go right in the bush and he hear grab his attention. innocent child walking with a bare feet in the hills of Kentucky. And he will y, "Do not drink, do not smoke, do not defile your body because I have a work for you." At the time he's hearing that voice, the entire world is breaking into a war. He's confused. Throw the bucket down. Rent to his mother and say that the bird talked to me. Mama, the bird talked to me. Billy, are you okay? Praise the Lord. If we would learn to step back a little bit, people and just pay attention and ask ourself what this is all about. Praise the Lord. will realize that uh there is more to this life that we have not understand yet. Just at that time 11 years I mean 7 years old the the the uh uh uh that that was the beginning of the first world war. He said I was just a child. I couldn't go. You see, I've always wanted to be in a war and didn't know that God has prepared him for the greatest battle ever fought. Amen. Hallelujah. Did he know that God has prepared him to be a commander for this greater battle that we are in to prepare the people to be able to fight spiritual war? But it's the beginning of your message. &gt;&gt; Is the beginning is the birth of your messenger born in a time of war. Praise the Lord. The fulfillment of Revelation chapter nine. The first war cometh and after that two other wars will come and that war lasted for four years. The entire world was in war. Praise the Lord. Every nation was involved one way or the other. Praise the Lord. If they did not have men that were fighting their nation, her alliance with countries that were involved in the war. Praise the Lord. But just at that time, that's where Malachi fall was just a little boy in the hills of Kentucky. Are we together? Praise the Lord. One year after the war started, that was in 1915, he had that he had that experience. The first world ended and behold the second war cometh. And that was in uh uh uh September of 1939. Praise the Lord. 1933, it was the visitation on the Ohio River. Praise the Lord. A young Baptist preacher was preaching. Praise the Lord. have not met his uh commission yet. Didn't know that there was a message of the hour. Praise the Lord. All of those things came later. He was a young Baptist preacher preaching. At that time he was baptized in his 17th person that seem injured. I met him when he was just a sevenyear-old boy came on the Ohio River and said just as John the Baptist was saying. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; That was 1933. In 1939, the second war started. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Once again, the whole entire world was in war. But you see as the word was going on in the AAS and everything that was happening and you know then and and and and out of Hitler is on the other side you know and and and he's uh h getting after the Jewish people and nations around the world are are gathering together to be able to stop that mustard and and and what was happening at the time. But here we say God was doing something simple &gt;&gt; in simplicity. Almighty God has come on the earth just like when John was at the river Jordan. Once again &gt;&gt; there was no big crowd. There was no public city about it. only the local newspaper carry it that something happened when a when a Baptist preacher everybody took their own story about it but God was building in troubles time &gt;&gt; he was building a man &gt;&gt; that would step out of the Baptist church because he would deny woman preaching a man that will read a Bible and saw that baptisming is done in in Jesus' name and go to his Baptist pastor and say baptize me in Jesus name. Baptist do it in father, son, and the holy ghost. But you baptize me in Jesus name because the Bible said that is the way it is done. &gt;&gt; That's what God was doing. He was building a man &gt;&gt; with all the opposition. &gt;&gt; Amen. Society was against him because he never had good education. His father was a drunk. But God was building a man. &gt;&gt; God was using that to build a man. &gt;&gt; You that want to be built on s platter. &gt;&gt; Every little thing we back up, we cry. &gt;&gt; Character is not built in the head. Character is built by the things you experience. &gt;&gt; It's not built by your reasoning. &gt;&gt; You don't go to school to learn character. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. God was building the man. Hallelujah. say, "Oh, Billy, you're having a nightmare." He's talking to to his to his uh his his Baptist pastor about all of this vision that he's having. You say you need to get sleep. You're not sleeping. &gt;&gt; And he's he's not understanding it. But God is building &gt;&gt; in trouble time. That's what Daniel said. &gt;&gt; The walls and the streets of Jerusalem will be built in troubleous time. &gt;&gt; They will be holding bricks in their hands &gt;&gt; and swore on the other side. &gt;&gt; They are ready to fight for what they believe. &gt;&gt; They're ready to die for what they believe. &gt;&gt; If you believe it, fight for it. complain, make excuses, and look for somebody to blame. Are we together? Hallelujah. Amen. right between the time of 1933 and uh uh uh and 1946. 1933 was the Ohio River. 1946 was in the cave where the angel came and gave him his commission. Look at that. You you think about that. Think about that. Let's let's little trouble comes. You know people they go away from church now. &gt;&gt; But think about it. The war came in between Ohio River and the commission. The war was 19 h 39 to 1945. It would have been a time where the young preacher will be trying to find a better life for he and his family. Yeah, &gt;&gt; but I mean he was so consumed by this divine gift that was in his life. This vision that was happening and he wanted to know what is this all about. &gt;&gt; There is war going on. War is happening in the entire world. And you mean you are just concerned about your spiritual life because that's your real life. &gt;&gt; Your spiritual life is your real life &gt;&gt; or the other one is fake. &gt;&gt; They will perish. Praise the Lord. Right in between there, he's not attracted. This is the same voice that spoke to me at 7 years old. This is the same thing that's been haunting me. Dreams and visions. &gt;&gt; He had the seven last vision of everything of all this technology thing that we are seeing. All your driverless car was revealed to him in 1933. He's having all of those visions. &gt;&gt; He's trouble about it. &gt;&gt; But yet the entire world is dealing with Hitler. Hitler killing Jews, sending them to concentration camp and all of those things are happening. Bombs are flying. Things are are bursting everywhere. But here is this young Baptist preacher. Trouble. &gt;&gt; What kind of a life is this? Why am I different from everybody? All the question is in his mind &gt;&gt; because God's building is different. &gt;&gt; God's material is different. &gt;&gt; When God is building a man is different. When he's building a family is different. &gt;&gt; You don't mash your family with Hollywood. You mash it with God's word. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; Not a mega church where we say okay I if we bring disco light let's make blue and white you know the light be blinging it make the people to be dancing. &gt;&gt; What is that? What is that? What is the benefit? We just dance and sweat &gt;&gt; and then we go from here empty. Praise the Lord. What's the benefit? &gt;&gt; But the prophet of God said, "We come to church to become better people." &gt;&gt; Amen. You believe that? &gt;&gt; We come to the house of God to become better people. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, I I mean I don't know what's going on with you this morning, but I think uh the Lord is good. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, the Lord is good. The shout of the king is in the camp. &gt;&gt; Glory be to God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, mine. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Ezekiel chapter 45. I just read something this morning. Praise the Lord. I need to stop preaching. I really need I need to stop taking your time and just get to my message this morning. See what the prophet Ezekiel say. Ezekiel chapter 46. Did I say 45? No, 46. I should not be lying on the pulpit. Praise the Lord. Ezekiel chapter 46. Let's uh let's just read something here and see uh what what the the Lord is telling the people here. But Ezekiel, then we'll get back into our message. Verse 9. And when the people of the land shall come before the Lord in the solemn feast, he that enterth in by the way of the north gate to worship shall go out by the way of the south gate gate. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; You cannot go back the way you came. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. No, you can't go back the way you came. The prophet said it. Ezekiel said it. When you come in by the north, you must go out by the south. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; When you come by the south, you must go by the north. You can't go back the way you came. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Which mean you just stop at the church. You really did not enter his presence. You can just stop at the church, sit, feel comfortable, enjoy the AC, and sleep. But when you enter his presence, you can never go the way you came. &gt;&gt; Well, let's get back to preaching. &gt;&gt; Oh, you love the Lord. &gt;&gt; Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. He is worth water to be praised. Hallelujah. And here is here to what uh uh uh uh uh John is telling us here in in Revelation chapter 11. The second world war is passed and behold the ter comes quickly. So we see that the prophecy of these of these three wars of Revelation chapter 8 is fulfilling in our time. Yeah, &gt;&gt; right from the 19th century year and year say the whole world is now balling &gt;&gt; with what is happening in the Middle East and what is happening in Russia and all of the the whole world is balling. &gt;&gt; The crowd of this angel that after the second wall the tear is going to come quickly. Do you see the time that we are in? You see the h it's not more about the time. But what I want to grab your attention on this morning, people, oh my God, I pray that the Lord can really help us. Amen. That it will not just be uh you know uh h a kind of a lecture, but something that will have an impact on you and you'll be able to think about it. You just think about it. All of the time that you have been born, all your years on earth has been under the influence of these wolves. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; There is nobody here yet that was born 1909. So I can say that with the virtue of all the years you have spent on this earth has been influenced by these wars. We are the people that were born in troubleous time. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Some of you have not seen the trouble of wars or the trouble of farming, the trouble of earthquake. You watch them on your phone, you say, "Oh, wow. Oh, man." But all your life on earth has been under the influence of these three walls. If the scripture remains the truth and honor of these three walls, God birthed the greatest ministry. He birthed the greatest move of God. On these three walls, God be moving mightily in the earth seven times around the world. Amen. &gt;&gt; A message that has affected shake every nation under heaven &gt;&gt; until one time the the Russian government started putting their eyes on voice of God because of how the message was spreading through that country. Praise the Lord. Communism has stood in China. But yet the message has break in &gt;&gt; all of these walls. But yet God, &gt;&gt; the Holy Ghost is moving like a magnet. &gt;&gt; He's moving here. He's moving there. He's moving almost about everywhere. &gt;&gt; Pulling his ellets out &gt;&gt; on a h a tribal conflict. Amen. &gt;&gt; The Holy Ghost is still saving souls. &gt;&gt; On a save a wall. &gt;&gt; Some of us we got saved, &gt;&gt; we received the Holy Ghost on a save a wall. &gt;&gt; What are you talking about? I know what I'm talking about. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; My my my birth to this message and all of my years has been on a wall. I have I have had them everywhere. Amen. I ran from one ran into another one. Praise the Lord. I I hope I don't bring war to Minnesota. It looks like I don't know whether I'm the one carrying it or he's coming after me. But I'm I just trying to grab your attention this morning. All out all of our existence, we have been able to to go to school. It has not been a perfect word. The world has not really been quiet. If it is not happening in your backyard, don't think that the whole world looks like your backyard. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. What are we talking about people in trouble time? Every every war, every conflict, every conflict, every conflict, every disagreement you have ever had in your life was influenced by one of these three walls. Every disagreement, every evil thought that have ever bothered you, praise the Lord, it was just one little demon that was born that was slapped. Amen. Mama slap that little demon and it come bugging your mind. Praise the Lord. Sometimes we just think is we we are making things by our own choices. There are sometimes when these uh uh uh uh uh uh uh things get attached to our spirit then it become wars that we fight all through our lives. Praise the Lord. Amen. It become wars that we fight all through our life. When the lion spirit catch a little child or a lustful demon but in the midst of this, that's what I want to get your attention to. Behold, the second wall, the tail war comes quickly and we see the nations are breeding to death. We see the things that are happening. But that's not where I want to I want to grab your mind this morning. What I want to show you is God in simplicity, he's building a people. &gt;&gt; God is building a racket &gt;&gt; that's going to fly in the twinkling of an eye. &gt;&gt; God is conditioning a people. &gt;&gt; He's changing the atoms of our body. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. You that feel so heavy to say amen and jump up, &gt;&gt; you better get that thing working. Let the grace of God grease your wheels. &gt;&gt; Behold, the tail wall comes quickly. But yes, God on a countdown. He's on a countdown. &gt;&gt; He's on a countdown and he's preparing the people. A little yet, a little there. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; See what he did to that uh h prophet messenger. He's too alone. All the theologians and all of these men and go Lancet and all of these guys around, they could not understand his ministry. This man have such a gift that he could have sweeped the whole world off their feet. Yeah. &gt;&gt; They say he was he he's very disorganized. &gt;&gt; A man that will leave an entire convention. He say I have to go to Minneapolis. &gt;&gt; He had to come down and see God in h God in Peterson in this city. He says the the the angel of the Lord tell me get down to Minneapolis or else the Pentecostal people will be in trouble. He forsoke the entire meeting. It disorganized the organizers. People don't do things like this. Will Brandon &gt;&gt; He was not really an organized man because sons of God are led by the spirit of God. [Music] &gt;&gt; That's right. when he tried to follow their organization in South Africa, he got himself in trouble and he and and he got uh he got ammo. He got sick almost to death. And he told those brothers, he says he he told them uh uh uh uh he told all of these brothers uh uh what is his name? E F Boswave. He says uh he says, "Brother Bosov, I'm telling you, we will go the way that you brothers have planned, but every one of us are going to pay for it." He said, "Because that's not the way God said that this meeting are supposed to be. I'm supposed to get down to Derban and be with Sandy Jackson." &gt;&gt; They said, "No, brother Brandon, the way the meeting was planned, you're supposed to leave from Johannesburg and you're supposed to go up this way, get down to Cape Town and all of that." He says, "Okay, if that's the way y'all want to go, let's go. But I'm telling you, every one of us will pay for it." &gt;&gt; And we are God's sake. &gt;&gt; And yet we sit down. We sit down hearing these things and it does not even shake us. It don't even shake us. They have just turned now to be a slogan. The prophecy. The prophecy. We take the one that suit us. But the truth is a mighty hunter. The truth do not miss. When it target you, &gt;&gt; it don't miss. Try to dodge, it will get you under your bed. Praise the Lord. One time Ahab tried to dodge the truth. He disguised himself in battle. Praise the Lord. While Jo Jehoshaphat was dressing like a king, Ahab decided to dress himself like a nominal man because he says, "I don't want the Syrians to see me." Syrians were not looking for him. That prophecy was looking for him &gt;&gt; because Elijah said the dogs will lick your blood. That's it. What are we saying church? Amen. That's the reason why we don't get it so easy. Just at a time when it looks like everything is growing and you realize all sorts of problem is breaking up everywhere. Children misbehaving, family having problem. It looks like uh where is the church? &gt;&gt; But just in the midst of that, &gt;&gt; praise the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; When we pay attention and we dress back and say, "Lord, what's going on? What's happening to this church? What is going on?" &gt;&gt; He said, "Don't worry. I'm building in troubleous time. I'm I'm I'm putting some cornerstone somewhere. I'm I'm I'm I'm prepping this thing up. &gt;&gt; I say I will build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. When you think you are misbehaving, I'm lifting my heads up onto the hills, &gt;&gt; welcoming my help. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I said, God, if this is your work, raise up men that will rise up to the challenge. &gt;&gt; Have people that will come and just be spectators. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He be in troublesome time. Glory be to God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Just at the birth of Jesus, a gospel pass a tax problem. Everybody go to your village. At the time where the world was supposed to be born at the time where the Christ child, &gt;&gt; it was chaos everywhere. &gt;&gt; Everybody going by the let's go. We got to go to Judah. Oh, we got to go to Beth. Everybody running up and down. But God got a man and said, "Joseph, fear not &gt;&gt; to take Mary as your wife, for that thing that is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost." &gt;&gt; He was building in troubleous time. &gt;&gt; He was ready to put his repetition on the line. &gt;&gt; Call me what what you want to call me. The angel said, "This child is of the Holy Ghost. I believe it." &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Can you imagine the passing is seeing a Mary paper on the her of picture on the newspaper a girl that say angel visit her &gt;&gt; and Joseph had to look at that when he know that is his wife &gt;&gt; but you see no matter what is on the internet is different from what is in my heart &gt;&gt; what God has placed in your heart is greater than what is on the internet is greater than what is in the newspaper is greater than whoever say the thing that hold you is what God has revealed to Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh my. No matter what you're going through, no matter what you feel in your body, what your mind tells you. Praise the Lord. You know when God spoke about the the the the the sixth sense, the sixth sense is not part of your mental sense. The six sense is a fifth sense. &gt;&gt; It's only your soul that has the fifth the six sense. Your brain will never get the six sense. &gt;&gt; The sixth sense is a sense of the soul. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So no matter what your body is going through, Amen. If you are able to take God by his word, &gt;&gt; praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Like ain't G mama. She knew that God never fail. She said, "Lord, I am that widow woman. Where is your Elijah?" &gt;&gt; And she came out and she was just hanging there and just standing. &gt;&gt; The dew of the morning falling on her. She knew that God never fail. Amen. &gt;&gt; She knew that he's an ontime God. &gt;&gt; He may not come the time, you know, I I want him, but he will be on time. &gt;&gt; She stood right there. And here is this white man passing in a black neighborhood &gt;&gt; at a time where the nation was on a racial crisis. &gt;&gt; And she said, "Passing, &gt;&gt; glory be to God." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; She's a person. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He check. He says he check. &gt;&gt; How did you know I was a person now? It was her faith that drew him there. &gt;&gt; It was not a vision that carried him there. It was not a divine gift. It was a faith of an old widow woman that believed God, took God at his word. She did not know the seal. She didn't know about Malachi fall. But she knew that God honor his word. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The thing where we want to make everything about Malachi 4. God was God before Malachi 4. He wrote re he wrote Genesis before Malachi. He wrote Isaiah before Malachi. &gt;&gt; He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; She knew that God was God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Brother Jack said, "How do you know I was a person?" Praise the Lord. Because he didn't even know where he was going. The Lord just said, "Go." He didn't know where he was going, who he was going to. &gt;&gt; Amen. You love the Lord. &gt;&gt; My my my what a wonderful Jesus we serve. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. But when she was having troubles time her own a son baby she said I was just like that widow woman and God gave me this child. He went away pastor. He's a good boy, but he followed the wrong crowd. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. But Bam says she when she got down to pray, he knew. He knew that this woman talked to God. &gt;&gt; Amen. She's not just a religious woman. She's not putting up. She's somebody that have talked to God. In the midst of that, in the midst of trouble, it's it's a it's it's a mysterious thing. Look through the scripture. Praise the Lord. In the midst of trouble, there here is those three boys standing before the whole nation. All those Jewish believers, the message of the our believers that was in bapt, they are all backslided. There is these three boys standing and says that we will not bow down. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Do you realize that Daniel was not among them? Praise the Lord. But Daniel was in Babylon, &gt;&gt; but he was not among them. Praise the Lord. They didn't send and say well let's send message to Daniel let's ask Daniel whether we should bow down or not you know because they image they have made it in the name of Daniel so let's &gt;&gt; they had their conviction they were standing for what they knew to be true &gt;&gt; we will not bow down &gt;&gt; we are not careful in this matter &gt;&gt; it could have been easy for God to just come down there change the mind of the people &gt;&gt; he wait for trouble time &gt;&gt; when the fire was heated seven times. &gt;&gt; That's when God show up. &gt;&gt; Hey, God don't show up when you feeling sorry for yourself. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh my God. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory be to God. Amen. That's that's how God build. Amen. That's how he build because he don't want the enemy to grab his plan &gt;&gt; when he's when he's putting his materials in the building. He don't want the devil to know what he's using. &gt;&gt; So he will build when you going through trouble. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And we can say like Job do he's slaying &gt;&gt; yet I would trust him. Praise the Lord. I was talking to that young sister there that I mean those those people just like children to me and Solomon he's he's just like my boy you know uh uh I mean uh Bas Solomon back there 1994 uh in in Yakipa he traveled with me to the Har co and I was talking to the wife there on the loss of their children you know I told her I says I said this this will be the difficult thing for you where your challenge will be is if you can trust God. Can you trust God when you heard your children crying in the burning house and you couldn't save them? Can you trust God? I said that's where your life battle will be. Because you have every reason. You have every reason. There are some things you cannot Google. There are some things that you cannot Google. A generation that depends on Google for everything. The Lord bless you. Musicians, you can come. We'll continue. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. [Music] Oh Jesus. Let's bow our heads. We are watching play this. Okay. [Music] [Music] while we do his good will. He abound with him and with all who will trust and oy. We sing trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus. God of trust and hope. We say trust and obey. Oh, for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust him. Oh, yes. When we walk with the Lord. Oh, in the light. What a glory he shares on our way. Why we do his will? Yeah. Abide way. Oh Lord, and with all will trust and obey. We sing trust. Trust and obey. There's no other way to be happy in Jesus or to trust. And let's pray together this afternoon. On Wednesday night, we were speaking about the death of a of of a cow, how he dies, the man that is afraid, and the man that is h an age that is just filling us with bunch of uh the thoughts of cowardness and so easy to back up and throw the towing and and we don't even know values. We don't know values. Our our skill of value is out of balance. We don't know what to put first. We don't know what to put major. We are majoring on a minor an age that is that is not that that has just been affected because a generation you think about how people live before 1914. Go back and see how they live. honor the comm. They didn't have the kind of hospitals and technology we have. They live longer. They live healthier. They live happy. They were a support to one another. People those days were working for less less and the the the value of the currency the things have weight and money. But yet we say we come on the curses of these three wars. Three wars affecting every government on the earth. We're talking about this government is corrupt and that government is corrupt. Just let's look at the bigger picture. Look at the bigger picture. We are all under this influence. Almighty God by his mercy, he has reached down his hands to sneak your life out to grab your attention and say, "My child, look at me." the community the the the inconment of this world will fail but I will never fail you. I'm the Lord that will heal you of all your diseases but yet we can't trust him. It's so hard for us to trust him. We keep looking to fueling systems around us. Oh God. Oh God. [Music] He have kept us. Grab some of us. Some of you young people. Grab you in the in in the innocences of your life. The virgines of your life to keep you not to experience all the abuses that is out there. He kept you and give you a family. Now you want to think that you have the family and you can run it the way you want to run it. I say shame on you. I would say shame on you. God built you for this moment. He built you for that home. He build you to be a builder in the life of your wife, to be a builder in the life of your husband. God will take us from different places and bring us down to a church that went many years to find a pastor and yet he will bring us together and we will just come and then we just want to sneak in sneak out. You don't even know the reason why you are here. How are you? How are you involved? Where is your shoulder to the wheels? Are you seeing that this is the place I bring my family? Can you take a time by yourself and says, "I would stick my face to the ground and pray for the church." We keep looking over our shoulders and looking for what to complain about. [Music] Oh God, raise up men, man that would be like Neimas that would go before the king and ask for a day off. He went before his bus. He said, "Give me a day off. We have a convention in in Jerusalem. I want a day off. I want to get down to Jerusalem. I heard how the walls are building." [Music] We find excuses to make. How did you survive? We are spitting in the face of grace that flesh us out. [Music] This is God's work. And God will raise up men to build his work. He will raise up men to build his house. He does not rely on the arm of flesh because the arm of flesh fails. The arm of the Lord never fails. Oh, thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. My soul has found a resting place. Let's sing there before we pray. Eight. [Music] Eight. [Music] Oh yes, Lord. On Christ the soul rock I stand. All the ground is seeking sound. All the ground is sinking. Yes. On Christ the son rock I stand. Oh all the ground is sinking his hand. Oh all the ground. Heavenly Father, Almighty God, I just pray the Lord that you would take uh take the burden, take the inspiration from my heart, Lord, and deliver it to your people. Father, we we were just laboring, Lord God, so we can be able to see, Lord, Father, that the things that are happening around us, Lord, they are not just common to us. The entire seven church ages was on the behold the ter world cometh. [Music] They went through a time of persecution. They went through a time when the entire ro Roman government came against the church. [Music] The world went through the Spanish flu. We went through the the black plague that came on Europe. Father, Lord, we went through the pidemic, the COVID, but in in the midst of this, Lord, Father, we never lose our faith. You were using that law, Father, to put her on our knees. We have Maxes on our face. We were still going to church. We were still gathering. Why? Because you built in troubleous time. Oh God, I just pray that Father, you you are the one that gave revelation. Lord, take this inspiration, break it to the hearts of your people. I pray to God, Father, stimulate their faith, challenge, oh God, their weak faith, Lord Jesus. Oh God, Father, Lord, quicken it in their heart, oh God, precious Lord. Oh father god and make yourself real to us oh father that God we can realize we can realize Lord Jesus the time that we are in oh father God we see Lord God a war that is boiling all around us oh father god precious Lord but oh God we also see father God the seals is open Lord Christ is in our midst Lord the revelation of Jesus Christ oh God father is made known to us oh father to prepare us Lord for the rapture oh Oh father, why should we settle down Lord God? Oh father, Lord for all the God, Lord Jesus Christ is perishable things and we are wicked in our faith, our prayer life, our devotion, consecration to you, oh God, precious Lord, I pray, oh Father God, that you will encourage the heart of your people, oh Father God, Lord, you will wake them up, Lord Jesus, that precious Lord, we will appreciate these things, oh God, Father Lord, that is spoken to us, oh God, we will appreciate it dearly to our hearts, oh Father God, we will be thankful to you for Malachi 4. We will thank you for a message that was able to snatch us out, oh God. Oh, Father, Lord, and give us a purpose, Lord. You have given us a purpose to live. You have given us a purpose, Lord. Father God, we have something to fight for, Lord. We have something to live for every day. It is not just to go to work and come home. No, we get something to live for. Christ is the revelation in our hearts. Oh God, Father. Oh God, I pray. Please, Lord, please. Oh Jesus, please. Almighty God, help your people, Lord. Waking us up to the hour, to God. Father, Lord, encourage our faith, Lord Jesus Christ. May we be able to hold the hands of our wife, get down on our knees and pray. May we be able to find a time, oh God. Father, Lord, oh precious Lord God, to ourself, oh precious Lord Jesus. Almighty God, Father Lord, the lukewarmness, oh God, Father, the reasoning, oh God, the excuses, oh God, Father Lord, your prophecy, a life that is worth it of the gospel. Father God, it's a life, oh God, of balance. It's a life, oh God, of balance because a one of excuses is not worth it of the gospel. Oh God, we pray, Father, just wake us up to the hour right now, Lord. Help us, oh Father God. Oh, precious Lord. Thanks, oh God. We will always have challenges oh father Lord God and but we must not make excuses oh father let's visit because we are bound for this hour this is our time give us grace lord now we thank you we give you the praise we give you the glory blessed be the name of the lord [Music] song Lord I offer you giving you my life everything I've been through. [Music] The Lord bless you. Let's stand on our feet. Let's just sing this song in worship to the Lord. [Music] Lord, I offer my life to you, Lord. Heat. Heat. to all your glory. I sent it back there. I sent it back there. You check your mail. Check your mail. Lord, I offer my life to you. Everything I've been through, use it for your glory, Lord. Lifting my praise to you as a pleasing sacrifice. Lord, I offer you my life. Let's sing that now. Lord, I offer my life to you. everything I've been through. Use it for your glory. Lord, I offer my days to you. Lifting my praise to you as a pleasing sacrifice. Lord, I offer you my life. Let's try the verse now. All that I am, all that I have, I lay them down before you, oh Lord. All my regrets, all my claim, the joy and the pain I make go. Oh Lord, I offer my life to you. everything I've been true. Use it for your glory. Lord, I offer my days to you. Lifting my praise to you as a pleasing sacrifice. Lord, I offer you my life. &gt;&gt; Things in the past. &gt;&gt; Things in the past. Things yet unseen. Wishes and dreams that are yet to come true. All of my heart, all of my praise, my heart and my hands are lifted to you. So Lord, I offer my life to you. everything I've been through. Use it for your glory. Lord, I offer my days to you. Lifting my praise to you as a pleasing sacrament. Lord, I offer you my love. &gt;&gt; Let's sing. There are things in the past, &gt;&gt; things in the past, things yet don't see. Wishes and dreams that are yet to come true. For all of my heart, all of my praise, my heart and my hands are lifted to you. Lord, I offer my life to you. everything I've been through. Use it for your glory. Lord, I I offer my praise to you. Every praise to you as a pleasing sacriice. [Music] Lord, I offer you my life. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. He's worthy to be praised. Amen. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. Let's go in the peace of the Lord. We look forward to see you on Wednesday night. And uh uh may the Lord watch over you, all your plans, all your programs, and may he strengthen your hands uh and and bless your home and and uh Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Let's sing that as we be dismissed. Amen. [Music] Oh, what a change in my life. And oh what a wonderful change in my life. Oh is Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh what a change in our life. [Music] Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the inside working on me. Oh, for a change in my life. Oh, what a wonderful change. [Applause] Oh, is Jesus on the inside working on the outside? Oh, what a change in my life. It's Jesus on the inside, walking on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. It's Jesus on the inside, walking on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, what a change in my
