################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-22 - (5-21-25) Corinthians, Part 18 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-22
Title:   (5-21-25) Corinthians, Part 18 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AgVfp41s_BQ
========================================

This is part 18 and I actually would actually I'm not going to change it but this should really be part 19 because brother Simon preached part 18 for us last Wednesday. How many thankful for that? Wouldn't that beautiful? Uh my brother Rod Simon comes in here. I was at home with my wife with the baby and Simon preaches a s just a sermon and hits like the highlights of the whole book of first Corinthians, right? and I've preached 17 sermons and Simon didn't know that. And it was such a a vindication of the Holy Ghost. So, I was so thankful. I didn't let Simon know yet, but I thought that was a masterpiece. I thought it was just a true word from the Lord. Uh we're so so thankful by God's grace. Hallelujah. I loved how he was, you remember, he was using those quotes about division and speaking against your pastor, right? We've just gone through that. You know, Simon doesn't know what's been going on. Uh, so what a vindication of the Holy Ghost. Praise God. And I just love how he ended it there with uh, you know, the book ends with the greatest of all things is love, right? And if you get love right, you'll get the gifts right and then you'll go in the rapture. Hallelujah. Because the chapter 15 is about the rapture. Praise God. Oh, I was just so I'm I'm so thankful that God uh moves by his Holy Spirit. Praise God. Oh my, we're so blessed to be in his presence. And what another vindication God's with us. Praise God. So, 1 Corinthians 10:16 and then 11:26. Same verses I used a couple Wednesdays ago before my wife had the baby. So, I'm getting as many many snuggles as I can. The baby's now nine days old, brother. And I'm I'm kissing her. I do about 20 kisses on one side of the cheek and I go about 20 kisses on the other side. I'm enjoying this be our last one. It's it's at least by surgery. It's going to be our last one. So, I want to enjoy this uh newborn stage as much as I can by God's grace. So, 1 Corinthians 10:16. Remember, the Bible says, church, that the the fruit of the womb are the reward of God. They're God's rewards. So, we just take it as a real gift from the Lord, and we're thankful for God's amazing grace. Verse 16, I'll read this. Well, you know, we all can read it and then we'll go to 11:26. 1020 I'm sorry 10:16 and then 11:26 pardon me. Let's read that on three. One, two, three. The cup of blessing which we bless, is it not the communion of the blood of Christ? The bread which we break, is it not the communion of the body of Christ? Hallelujah. Then 11:26. So the bread and the cup are signs of that we're having communion with the Lord Jesus Christ in 11:26 here. Let's read that on three. 1 2 3. For as often as ye eat this bread and drink this cup, ye do shu the Lord's death till he come. May God add his blessing to the reading of his word. You can be seated. Praise God. So you can switch over. I got some uh verses here and some things I want to uh share here tonight by the grace of the Lord. So again, we're thankful, you know, that was a wonderful masterpiece, Brother Simon preached for us uh u you know, last Wednesday on uh Corinthian uh Corinthians. And uh I'll probably go back and listen to it again and preach on it again here by God's grace. But um let's here continue go going. Uh a couple Wednesdays ago, I was looking at there's five at least five Old Testament examples of communion. We call them foreshadowings in the Old Testament uh before we even get to the New Testament. Praise God. Uh but before we get to the second one here, let's look at communion again. This is according to the the lexicon here. So communion, the the communion of the bread and the communion of the cup. It means fellowship or association or the community or the joint participation or intercourse to share with uh which one has in anything. So we can read those. I like this one right here. Intimacy. Praise God. So when we have communion with the Lord, it's especially the the the cup and and the the the the cup and the bread. It shows that we're intimate with Christ. We know him more than just a general terms of him, right? We know his very heart. Hallelujah. And and we know what he wants done. As brother Ram said, we know what he wants done with the word. Hallelujah. And we know many churches don't know what he wants done with the word. They let women preach. That shows they don't know what God wants done with the word. Hallelujah. They let the women strip off their clothes and just holiness is an easy one for us to see, you know. Uh so it shows when they when they dress unholy, they dress sexy sex sexy, whatever, and they let women preach or they they call God three persons and no scripture for it and they they take a uh they take transubstantiation, we'd say, in the Catholic church, or they give uh the prayer beads, the the merry Hail Mary beads, and all these things, it shows they don't have an intimacy with Christ. They don't know the real word of God. Hallelujah. But we do. And we should be thankful that God has revealed the truth to us. Praise God. And we should keep reaching out to those who want to know. Hallelujah. So, uh, we looked at this last time, the the three purposes in these verses of communion. We see the benefits of communion, the examination of communion that's required, and the proclamation. Uh, communion proclaims something to each one of us, right? It even proclaims something to God. It proclaims to God that we want to have intimacy with him. Hallelujah. So the word uh blessing there in the Greek means a benefit. So the cup of benefit which we bless. Now church, I've been taking communion uh my whole life, but I really didn't start taking it seriously till I got saved around 2000. And so I can see from 2025 years, I can see blessings all over my life. Hallelujah. Uh so many blessings I can hardly count them. Can you see that many? Hallelujah. I hope you can see many blessings over your life. And I'm talking about spiritual, not just physical, but spiritual blessings over your life. In other words, the power to overcome sin. The power to come back to God if we've fallen short. Hallelujah. The power to see gifts and miracles. Praise God. Hallelujah. Oh my. There's so many blessings that come along with it. Supernatural power. And there's character power because we know that's all we're taking with us is our character. Praise God. Hallelujah. We're not taking our money. We're not taking our our necessarily our our physical clothes or our homes or vehicles. Alls we're taking with us is our soul. Praise God. Our soul and spirit. Hallelujah. The Bible said they go back to the creator who formed them. Hallelujah. So, we want to recognize there's more than just physical benefits. Hallelujah. There's of course spiritual and I'd argue uh maybe with a godly argument that that's more important the spiritual benefits than the physical. Praise God. And also now it also means we uh show so the part of communion is uh uh showing forth the Lord's death and that means to declare it to make it known. Hallelujah. And church you know when when people learn about our lives many times and they they say wow you go to church that many times or you you really believe that you dress that way. When people really learn that about your life it's actually showing forth it's declaring the gospel to other people. Hallelujah. Uh it it declares that like I remember Aacia last year at uh at the horse lessons when when her friend and her were talking her case got to share really what we believe and that was that was this that was showing the Lord's death because Aacia has to die to the things of the world to manifest the real life of Christ to her friends, right? To wear holy clothes and to not cut her hair and she has to die. It shows the Lord's death that she's died to herself and she's raised a new creation in Christ. Hallelujah. Same same thing for our brothers. Brother uh Rod used to invite me. You want to go drinking and golfing? You know, my my boss used to invite me. You want to go drinking and golfing? And I'd say no. And that was me showing the Lord's death. I've died out to those things. Hallelujah. I I don't partake in those things anymore. So, see, and that's what that's what the communion does. When we partake of the the Lord's cup and the Lord's bread, it's showing to all, right? It's showing to everybody that we're dying with Christ daily. Praise God. That's right. Now, last time we looked at uh uh by God's grace, uh we looked at uh Abraham and Melzdc for communion. Do you remember that? We looked at uh Melzdc. Melzdc was God with a flesh body on him. Hallelujah. A flesh body. But this is a very special uh visitation here. Let's go to Genesis 18. Let me set a timer here as well. By God's grace, you know, I was uh wanting to preach this last time, but I went so long on Melzdc. I never usually don't plan to do that, but it's just kind of how it happened. But let's here look at this one here by God's grace. Genesis 18. Now here where uh here's where we see Abraham here is waiting at the tent door in verse one. And the Lord appeared unto Abram in the plains of Mamry and he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day. Now my wife got me a book for my uh you know for Christmas and it actually has the site in archaeology arch archaeology. It has the exact site. The book has it where Abraham sat right there in memory. They have the place. It's still like some of the remains are still there. Hallelujah. And they have layers of it. So when Abraham was there and then they have the layer of when people came uh was it later a couple people oh the time of David they have the remains because they have the artifacts. Oh this matches this time period and then they even have uh then Christians came to dwell there about the time of Christ. There was Christians there too. So they have at least three layers. It's a nice little book. I've only got started on the first maybe 10 pages of it. Uh but it's just been a neat thing to see that right there in Mamry. So they actually and there was an altar there. They they've actually been able to excavate that Abraham's altar where he sacrificed to God in Mamry. It's amazing. See God the Bible said God doesn't leave himself without a witness. Praise God. Hallelujah. They're still finding these uh they're still uh digging up all these uh findings. God's word will always return true. Hallelujah. It will not return void. Hallelujah. Thank God. So he sat in the tent door and he lift up his eyes and looked and three men stood by him. And when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door and bowed himself down toward the ground. Now here we're going to show here's what you do when you when you commune with God. You bow down and worship him. And the church said, "Amen." Hope you bow down in your prayer closet, right? Or, you know, it can be a small room. It don't have to be a closet. But see, when God comes, we want to bow down and really worship him. Hallelujah. That's what Abraham did. And how many know that you're a child of Abraham, too? That's right. Hallelujah. How does Abraham act when God comes again? Now, he's already met God. How many times have he already met God? He met Melzdc. He heard God tell him to leave of Chaldis and go to to this land. You know, he's met him many times in visions. He saw visions of him. He's heard the voice of God numerous times. But notice no notice now he meets him in a new manifestation. And that's how we should have it. We should meet Jesus in different manifestations. Sometimes it's dreams. Sometimes it's in a sermon. Hallelujah. Sometimes it's meeting him in somebody else. Hallelujah. Right? So, so we want to meet Jesus that way. Sometimes it's through a prophecy, a word of wisdom, a word of knowledge, a word of faith. Sometimes it's prayer and the Holy Ghost just comes upon you. You know, there's many ways to meet Jesus. Hallelujah. But we know it's always him because he always acts the same way because his nature doesn't change. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And every experience we have with him will point us back to the word of God. Not to some creed or some tradition or some pleasure of the flesh or lust of the flesh or lust of the eyes, pride of life. It'll point us to a consecrated holy ghostfilled life. Hallelujah. That's right. Now he bows himself in verse three. He said, "My Lord, if now I found favor in thy sight, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant. Let a little water, I pray you, be fetched and wash your feet and rest yourselves under a tree. Oh my. So look, he bows down and then he washes his feet. And brother Ram said, "That's what we should do. It's like the woman who washed Jesus' feet. We should we should pray and we should bring tears and we should show God our love with tears." Amen. Hallelujah. See, it's more than just a more just well I come to church, I walk in the doors, I walk out. Show him some love. Hallelujah. Kiss the son lest he be angry. Hallelujah. Psalms chapter 2, I believe, if I'm not not mistaken. Kiss him. Show him. Show him how how good, great he is. Give him some praise. Hallelujah. We're in the house of God. This is God's house. Amen. He deserves our worship. Abraham says, "I'm going to bow down. Then I'm going to get some water. Then I'm going to wash your feet. Make you feel welcome." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Remember church, we've had uh Remember church, we had a a family. Now the family moved away but uh the brother remember he had a brother coming here he got married but then he moved away and remember his wife said she visited us for a couple months his wife said I I normally go to church that has 300 people it's a mega church a message megaurch and he but she said I feel more love in this place than I do at the mega church. Why? Because we shook her hand we pray with her. We greeted her. We fellowship with her. We didn't avoid her. And that's what Abraham is doing here. When God comes, Abraham shows him some attention. Praise God. And that's what we need to do. Show God's people attention, right? Show them love. Show them fellowship. Praise God. But also, most importantly above all that is giving God praise. Hallelujah. Giving God worship, giving God your prayers, giving him thanks, giving him your tears, giving shouts and claps. Hallelujah. Just making the Holy Spirit feel welcome. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank God. Hallelujah. That's right. Verse five. And I will fetch a morsel of bread and comfort your hearts. After that, you shall pass on. For therefore are ye come to your servant. So that's why he came. He come to fellowship with Abraham. See that? You're going to talk and then you're going to pass on. He come to spend time with us. God's spirit comes in our services to spend time with us. Yes. Verse six. And Abraham hastened in the tent unto Sarah and said, "Make ready quickly three measures of fine meal." Now, I don't I I forgot one time I studied this. I think it was two or three hours it would take to do all this bread and then kill these animals and then cook the the food. It was numerous hours. But notice, you think Abraham minded? No. He got to sit there and wash God's feet. Oh, he got to talk with God and the angels, right? Because it was God and two angels. God did not go down to Sodom. The two angels went down to Sodom. God stayed with Abraham. Ah, amen. And brother said that's a type of today. The Holy Ghost will stay with the bride who keeps all the word of God who doesn't crossdress and cut their hair and smoke cigars and and do all this nonsense and let women preach and Catholic Hail Mary beads. The angels will go to them, but God stays with Abraham's family. Hallelujah. That's us. Amen. Because we keep all the word of God. Hallelujah. Amen. That's right. Amen. Notice God never went down to Sodom. God sent the angels to save them out of Sodom. Hallelujah. God saved with Abraham. Hallelujah. Let's make sure we're Abraham's seed tonight. Hallelujah. That's right. I believe we are. But make your make sure your life is clean with God. Verse seven. And Abraham ran into the herd and fed. Now notice he ran. Here's an old man if I'm not mistaken. This is He's 99 if I'm not mistaken by my uh collection. He's 99 and he can run. Now, church, remember, why could he do that? Because God is starting to change him back to a young man. Remember, the Bible said both his loins were dead and the deadness of Sarah's womb, right? So, God had to do a body change. He had to make the old young again. Oh, hallelujah. When was the last time you seen a 99y old run, Brother Austin? You ever seen one? There might be some viral Tik Toks out there, but it's very rare to see a 99 year old man run. Why? Because they're just older. They're breaking down. But not Abraham. Abraham could run, bow down, wash feet, because God is making him young again. Hallelujah. Glory. God is bringing his promise to pass. Amen. And this is a foreshadowing of the church going to get a body change. God's going to make all the bride young again to meet Jesus in the air. Oh, hallelujah. That's right. It's a It's a type. It's a foreshadowing of the rapture where the dead in Christ rise first. Of course, Abraham doesn't represent that. Abraham represents the living who uh no matter what age, they'll be changed to be young again to meet Jesus in the air. That's right. Now, he ran. I don't think I finished verse seven. And he fetched a calf tender and good, and gave it unto a young man, and he hastened to dress it. And he took butter and milk and the calf which he addressed and set it before them. And he stood by them under the tree and they didn't eat. So God's not a vegetarian. Brother man makes a little joke about that. And church, it's it's unhealthy to be just a vegetarian. It's unhealthy because there's so many uh my wife told me one time, I'm going to I'm going to chop it up. But there's certain things in the animal fats that we need to stay healthy. So even God modeled that. I'm not a vegetarian. Now, you can do that for a little time of fasting like Daniel. Remember, Daniel did a fast. He said, "I'm not eating pleasant meats. I'm just going to eat vegetables." And notice what happened. God honored that. And God sent the angel to answer his questions. See? So, but God comes and shows us vegetarian is not the way. And they said unto him, "Where is Sarah thy wife?" And he said, "Behold, in the tent and he said, I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of life. And lo, Sarah, thy wife shall have a son." And Sarah heard it in the tent door which was behind him. Now church notice this. Sometimes God talks and uh it's not maybe we'd say to your face it's behind you. So sometimes we hear whispers of God and maybe it doesn't sound like God's talking to us. Maybe God's talking about us. In other words, sometimes we maybe we don't feel like we hear directly from God, but we hear whispers of God. In other words, we got to have our ears open at all times to hear from God. Hallelujah. Right? Because even in Revelation 1 verse 10, I don't have it up here, but even in Revelation 1:10, John said he heard a voice behind him and it was Jesus. Hallelujah. So, that just tells us God's not always going to tell us, okay, Austin do this, Austin that. Sometimes you hear something a little maybe from a a podcast. Charlie Kirk, we he told me a good testimony yesterday. a good testimony that relates to his testimony. Really beautiful. In other words, you can hear some somebody else's question and answer could be an answer to your life. Praise God. Hallelujah. So, in other words, we got to be listening all the time. Sarah wasn't being talked to by God, but God was talking about her. How many know this Bible talks about you? Hallelujah. The Gentile bride. Yes. Any scripture about the gentile bride or getting the bride ready for the rapture in the Old Testament, New Testament is talking about you and I. That's right. Amen. Esther is talking about you and I. Hallelujah. That's right. Rebecca is talking about you and I. Hallelujah. Sarah and Abraham is talking about you and I. Hallelujah. Oh my. All these examples down through the Bible, they're talking about us. It may not be say Jesse Smith or may not say Austin Laramie, but it's talking about us. It may not be right to us, but we hear the whispers of it and it's speaking to our hearts. Hallelujah. Glory. God even spoke to Ezekiel behind him. I'm going to read that one. Ezekiel 3 3:12. Ezekiel 3:12. I wrote that in my Bible as a a note. Yes. Then the spirit took me up and I heard behind me a voice of a great rushing saying, "Blessed be the glory of the Lord from this place." See, it's not always going to be right directly to you. Sometimes it's going to be just you hear the whispers of the Holy Spirit. Or somebody else is not even talking to you. You can just be bypassing somebody along and and just listen to somebody's testimony and that'll speak to you and they might not even be talking to you. Hallelujah. That's right. John heard it. Abra, I'm sorry. Sarah heard it. Ezekiel heard voices of God behind them. But listen, listen, church. They were listening. That's what we need to do. Listen for the voice of God. That's right. Now, when now Abraham and Sarah were old and wellstricken in age, and it ceased to be with Sarah after the man or women. Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying, "After I am waxed old, shall I have pleasure, my lord, being old also." So, she hears God's word and she laughs at it. Now, church, sometimes we might think, "Oh, how is God going to get how is God going to get me in the rapture?" And it might seem like laughable, but let me tell you, if you're in the bride, God's going to come and make you believe that word. We're going to start seeing prophecies come to pass. And the church said, "Hallelujah. We're going to start seeing more of what Brother Brandham said come to pass." And the church said, "That's right. Hallelujah. Amen." He says, "Now, uh, let's Yeah. Verse 13." And the Lord said unto Abraham, "Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Shall I of assurity bear a child which old?" Is anything too hard for the Lord? At that time appointed, I'll return to thee according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son. Church, is anything too hard for the Lord tonight? Hallelujah. But you just got to believe God and you got to be willing to wait. Praise God. God's not going to spoil us and do everything we want right away. God wants us to believe anything's possible, but we must wait on the God on God to move first. Hallelujah. Which made we must wait on the God of heaven to move in his right time. Notice it's like he told Sarah, it'll be according to the time of life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We got to be willing to wait till it's the right time of life. That's when God will return and God will answer great prayers we've asked for. Hallelujah. And now look at verse 15. Then Sarah denied saying, "I I laugh not for she was afraid." And he said, "Nay, but thou did laugh." Now we've all heard brother Ram say that. Brother Ram said, "God should have struck Sarah dead for lying to her." But God couldn't get rid of Sarah because she was part of the promise to Abraham. Hallelujah. Right? And God can't get rid of us because we're part of the promise to Jesus. We're his wife. Amen. Is that right? We're his wife. Amen. And we're going to a marriage supper. So, he can't get rid of us because we got to be there. We're the wife that he's marrying. Praise God. Amen. And then God will forgive our lies. Hallelujah. God will forgive our our sins that we commit, our iniquities. Real quick, I read this this week. Uh get go to go to uh go to Psalms 18 real quick. I read this this week. I saw a good scripture, church, about when we're under the anointing and living hard, living hard after the truth of God, God gives us victory over our iniquities. Give us uh Psalm 18. I was reading in my Bible uh Bible devotions. Yeah. Psalm 18. I want you to see what he says here. Uh verse 19. He brought me forth also into a large place. Now this is after David escaped Saul. Now look what he says. He delivered me because he delighted in me. Church, don't you know God loves your worship? Don't you know God loves it when you sing to him, read his Bible, and love him? Don't you know God loves that? He delighted in David. Amen. Because David was a man after God's own heart. Well, what whose heart are you after? I'm after the heart of Christ. Hallelujah. That's why I read the Bible. That's why I pray. That's why I listen to Brother Brandham. Hallelujah. Right? That's why I listen to other preachers, too, because I want to know my heart wants to know God's heart. Hallelujah. Amen. And I know God will perfect us through the five preaching gifts. That's in Ephesians chapter 4. remember uh the prophet uh apostle, pastor, teacher, evangelist. He he said the he said all these five will bring a unity of the faith and bring us to the fullness of the stature of Christ. Hallelujah. That's why listen to all the preachers. Hallelujah. The good ones now, not the bad ones, the good ones. Hallelujah. Now look at verse 20. Now look, church, look. The Lord rewarded me according to who? Whose righteousness? My righteousness. So this there's something to be said for you getting victory over your sinful human nature. I'm talking about I'm talking about when you obey God, God will reward you for bringing your body into subjection. When you get anointed by the Holy Ghost and your virtue overcomes uh any sin, your knowledge overcomes Satan's knowledge and and your patience overcomes your impatience. So instead of being impatient, you're actually patient. God will reward you for that. Hallelujah. Amen. Look at that. David said, "God rewarded me according to my," In other words, my obedience. God loves obedience. According to the cleanness of my hands, hack he had he recompensed me. You know, Austin, I prayed that numerous times. I've said, "God, remember I kept my hands clean from sinful things." I have. I haven't gone back after the uh evil things my hands used to touch. I haven't gone back. My hands only touch holy things now. Hallelujah. By the grace of God. Hallelujah. See verse 21. I've kept the ways of the Lord. Have not wickedly departed from my God. See, I was tempted. We're all tempted to leave God. But we didn't leave. We stayed. Amen. I did not leave the message. I've stayed in the message. Hallelujah. The Bible. Hallelujah. I've seen the Bible truth, the present truth for this day. We haven't left it. We've been faithful to it. And God sees our faithfulness. Hallelujah. Amen. This is a church. This is a Holy Ghost prayer. Who wrote the scripture again? Uh yeah, the Holy Ghost wrote it. Right. So, the Holy Ghost loves this. When people are righteous and they obey, God will hear their prayer, God will reward them. Praise God. He said, "I've kept the ways of God. I haven't departed. I haven't left the God and the truth." Verse 22, "For all his judgments were before me, and I did not put away his statutes from me. I was also upright before him, and I kept myself from my iniquity." That's where I want to get to right there. See, church, we all have iniquity. We all do sins that we shouldn't do. But what about the days when we we we we we feel tempted to do it, but we actually turn it down and we overcome it. That's what David was rejoicing in. David was saying, "I kept myself." In other words, I yielded to the Holy Spirit and I kept myself from my own iniquity, the sins that I would normally do. And the church said, "No, remember, don't forget all of his benefits. He forgives all your iniquities and he heals all your diseases. But there's going to be times when you get victory over the iniquities." Hallelujah. Isn't that a beautiful scripture? I just came across that this week again. I'm I'm almost uh I'm about probably uh twothirds of the way reading through the Bible again. See, and if you do that verse 24, therefore hath the Lord. Okay, see because he kept himself out of the sin he normally would commit. He didn't do the sin and go back into his sinful habits. because he kept himself out of his sinful habits. Therefore, the Lord hath recompensed me according to my righteousness, according to the cleanness of my hands in his eyesight. With the merciful, thou will show thyself merciful. With the upright man, thou shalt show thyself upright. With the pure, thou wil show thyself pure. And with the froward, thou will show thyself forward. Hallelu. Isn't that a beautiful portion of scripture? So, this shows right here how God honors you when you can get victory over the sin nature. Hallelujah. And your your constant mind battles. You know, there's days we we do better than others. But let's let's have days where we do better. And then we when we pray, we can quote these scriptures. God, you're going to reward me. The Bible says without faith, it's impossible to please him. Hallelujah. Amen. Right? And he rewards all those who diligently seek him. Praise God. That's right. I feel that's why God blessed us with that ninth little baby there by God's grace because God's looked at our clean hands. We ha we haven't departed from God. We stay true to God. Hallelujah. While the world will want to abort them and delete them, we'll receive them just as God sends them. Hallelujah. Think about that. The world doesn't want them, but God's people want them. Hallelujah. That's a real sign somebody loves the Lord. Hallelujah. Now, okay, back to Genesis 18. I just thought I'd drop that in there. Maybe I could have saved that for for a full sermon, but Genesis 18. So, even so, S Sarah lies and God forgives her iniquity. Doesn't even God God can't can't kill her because she's part of the promise. And God knows we're all sinners who need God's grace. Hallelujah. She's part of Abraham. But look at now look. God corrects her just like Jesus would correct everybody. Right? God says, "No, you did laugh." She said, "I didn't laugh." God said, "No, you did." See how the Holy Ghost will correct all of our mistakes. Hallelujah. Don't tell us. Ain't ain't going to look past, well, I didn't see that. No. The Holy Ghost say, "You're wrong. You did. You sinned." And we ought to be thankful for a heavenly father like that. Hallelujah. Right. to tell us the truth. Verse 16. And the men rose up from then and looked towards Sodom, and Abraham went with them to bring them on the way. And the Lord said, "Shall I hide from Abraham that which thing I do? Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him." Now, church, take a moment there. Remember that God is not going to hide what he's doing to Abraham. And what is he talking about? The destruction of Sodom. So, how does that relate to us? If we're the seed of Abraham, God's not going to hide from us what he's going to do to the sinful world. We're going to know about the judgments of God that are going to come and we're going to be kept from the judgments of God. Right? Hallelujah. So, we know what's going to happen to the LGBTQ whatever plus community they are. There's a million letters after that. just shows there's a million different devils to deceive them, right? But we know it's going to happen to them. God's going to do the same thing he did here in Genesis 19. See, but how many churches, like we saw, remember we saw in Obern. How many churches are uniting with that? Why? Because they're not God's friend. They're not the seed of Abraham. God's hiding that from them because they don't want to see it. But we're the people of God. We want to see it. So God won't hide it from us. In other words, God will reveal his secrets unto us. Hallelujah. And he has. Amen. Through God's prophet, brother Brandham. Hallelujah. Because surely the Lord God will do nothing except he reveals his secret unto his servant, the prophet. Hallelujah. Amos 3:7. I just love how this message ties the whole Bible together in this big beautiful knot. Brother Austin, it's just this like a big beautiful knotted, bowed up, beautiful present. God's tied it all up perfectly together. It's a present to us with thus sayeth the Lord. Amen. My God says, "Am I going to hide this?" Now, verse n, I love 19. Now, church, this is why it's so important to get your home in order, right? Why is God going to reveal this to Abraham? For I know him that he will command his children and his household after him. remember he had over 300 some uh servants back in chapter 14. I wonder how many he had now. And they shall keep the way of the Lord to do justice and judgment that the Lord may bring upon Abraham that which he has spoken of him. So the reason God's going to reveal more to Abraham is because God knows Abraham is going to keep the way of the Lord and make sure it's done at his house. Hallelujah. That's why don't let sin in your house like Achen. Don't bring the sin into your house. Achen learned the hard way, right? We got to keep all the sin out of our houses. Praise God. And we got to keep the way of the Lord. Oh, there's so much joy in serving the Lord. So, Brother Austin saying, I'm sorry, I was singing Omema. Dance around the house today, brother. See, what am I doing? I'm keeping the way of the Lord. I'm not dancing to the devil. I'm dancing for Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. praying to asking God, reading the word, listening to sermons. You keep the way of the Lord in your home, and God will show us what's to come that we haven't seen yet. Hallelujah. That's right, church. Nice. Verse 20. And the Lord said, be uh because the cry of Sodom and Gomorra is great, and because their sin is very grievous, I'll go down and see whether they have done allto together according to the cry of it which has come unto me, and if not, I will know. And the men turned their faces from tents and went towards Sodom. But Abraham stood yet before the Lord. Now notice this church, the angels going down, God counted that as him going down. But God's presence did not go down. That's because the Bible says the angels are angels of his presence. Angels carry the presence of the Holy Spirit. That's what Psalm says. They're angels of his presence. So God said, "I'm going to go down and hear the cries." Now look, we got another thought in there. God hears all your groanings and your cries. What cries were going down there? The people that dislike Lot. The people that were vexed. Glory. The people that were vexed by the sinfulness of Sodom. God heard their prayers. All right. So, it must have been Lot and his daughters right there. Who else? Who else was vexed down there? Everybody, God said, "I will not judge the righteous with the wicked." Oh, I I've never seen that before. That's just fresh. That's fresh. Thank you, Lord, for some fresh mana today. That was Lot. That was Lot's prayers. That was the cry of the city. And how about the ones that were abused, too? Maybe that they they died. The abused ones that died. What about the people that might have moved out of the city that were crying and vexed? Because the Bible said Lot was vexed every day by what he saw and heard. That's why, church, if you're vexed by your phone, by what you see or hear or a tablet or whatever it is or movies, you got to get it out of your life, right? He was vexed every day by what he saw and what he heard. But Abraham wasn't because he lived a clean life. Is that right? Ain't that beautiful? Hallelujah. And God said, "I'm going down because I hear people crying unto me. They're vexed." Wow. I just I just never seen that before. Wow. Lot was crying because he was vexed by this God. Now, church, did he have a choice to get out? Yes, he could have got out. But that's why he's foolish. He's the foolish. He's a type of the foolish virgin. Abraham's a type of the wise virgin. Everybody see that? You have two people that are saved. One's really obeying. One keeps all of his family with the word of God. Obeys, everybody in the house obeys. Lot remember, he lost some he lost some family members, even his wife, because he wasn't keeping the word like Abraham was. Hallelujah. And church, remember that God hears our cries. When we're vexed or we're struggling, cry out to God. God hears us. And then, church, he'll do something about it. But he wants to hear you cry first. Right? That's what it says right there. The cries. I've heard the cry of it. Now, before we read 23, go down to verse 33. Malachi, I want you read that for us, buddy. You got it. Now, that's what blessed me. I I I realized that's right. The word communion is used here. So all this going on is communion. The eating, think about that, eating some calf meat, brother. Man, that must have been some good calf meat. Totally organic, brother, before all the sprays. Can you imagine how good that must have been? But Abraham Eden there with God and the angels and Sarah communing and then Lord, can I worship you? Can I wash your feet, Lord? Oh God, can I work? I love I love you, God. Could I wash your feet? Thank you for coming my way. I've been sitting in the tent door. I've been waiting for you. I knew you were coming. Amen. We know he's coming for us. Hallelujah. Thank God. Amen. And all these talks, he's like, "I'm going to visit you." They're talking back and forth. I'm going to visit you according time of life. And oh, praise God. Uh Sarah's going to have a Sarah Sarah's going to have a child. Hallelujah. She said, "No, I'm not." And yet yes, you did. You did laugh. You know, all all this uh I'm not going to hide this from you, Abraham. Here's what I'm going to do here. I'm going to judge sin. All this is communion, church. Think about that. All the sermons we hear, what is it? It's communion with God. I'm talking about the part that's inspired, not the human part that fails. When brother Jesse stutters or says the wrong scripture or says my own opinion, that that's not communion. But when it's God's word and speaking your heart, that's communion because it'll bring us to a unity of the faith. Ephesians 4 says, so that blessed me so much. That's why that was a fresh thought. I wanted to preach it last week or two weeks ago, but I didn't get to it. Now, this is all communion. Now, we can see Genesis 18 is the communion chapter. So, you sit and wait for God. You bow down to God. You wash God's feet. You have a meal with God. You talk about what God's going to do in the future, future judgments, and also also future blessings. Talk about the future promises that are coming to pass. Sound like a really good church service, doesn't it? Sounds like a real good service. Amen. And church, we're not even done. The last part of communion is prayer. Interceding for the foolish virgin. Hallelujah. In other words, people like Brother Rod knows, Rod's a dedicated Christian, people that aren't as dedicated as Brother Rod and and us, right? You can I it's all over Rod's life. I' I've been privileged to spend 11 hours in the car with one trip with him. Hallelujah. And it's all Jesus. It's all about Jesus and history and how God has been gracious to all the people all down through history. It's a consecrated life. Hallelujah. It's a dedicated life. But we all know people that don't go that far. They waste so much time. And I'll say like this. We all know people that are vexed by their sinful addictions. So I don't we don't know all the sins Lot was committing but he was actually putting himself and his family in a very bad position. He was even crying out about it but he still could have left but he didn't probably because of the financial situation right because remember he first he looked towards Sodom then he saw all the wells of Sodom. It's like oh my it's like Garden of Eden there. Remember he just kept getting closer by the scripture. See that? But we all know people that don't live as dedicated to Jesus as we do. So whose job is it to pray? It's our job. And that is communion with God. Hallelujah. Look at verse and notice now he's standing yet before the Lord. Look at verse 23. Here's another good type of communion. And Abraham drew near and said, "Wilt thou also destroy the righteous with the wicked?" So see, that's how we that's how we get near to God. We pray. We start talking to God. Lord, what what are the plans for what what's going to happen in 220 2025? Lord, is there going to be a 2030? See, you should talk. We should talk to God like that, right? Lord, like Lord, I'm drawing near. I want to know if I'm going to live to see the body change or not. Remember, I've said that before. I that that's that's me drawing near to God and saying, "God, I want to know." Now, he hasn't revealed to me yet, but if he does, I'll let you know first. That'd be really striking. Hallelujah. But this is this is communion. Lord, we've had I've bowed down. I've worshiped you. I made you a meal. You've given me promises. This is awesome. This is so wonderful. But now I'm going to draw near. And I want you to hear my prayer for the righteous that are they're they're trapped in their sins out there, right? They're they're they're far away from us, but they're trapped in in a bad place. And God, please remember God just told him I'm going to destroy Sodom. So he's like, but now his heart's moved. Oh, I I I have family in Sodom, church. I have family. We have family in denominations that are are I'm talking about bad denominations, right? Yeah. Hallelujah. I have family, you know, uh in denominations that that they've broken the word of God. And brother Ram said, "Thus said the Lord, and denominations will never come back to this Bible, all the full revelation." And no denomination ever has a man said, "Thus say the Lord," they'll never break up their creeds and come back to the apostolic faith. Thus sayeth the Lord, and it's never happened, and it never will, right? Because denominations are set up by men, right? We're not to be a organization. We're to be an organism. Hallelujah. That's right, church. Amen. But now, what's the final part of communion? Is prayer. He said, "Lord, please don't destroy the foolish virgin. Please don't destroy those that are living amongst things that vex them every single day. They're tormented by the sinful things they see and hear every day." This also tells us we should be living a life free from a lot of these things. This means Abraham was living a life free from things that he saw and heard that vex his heart, right? He wasn't living there. He was far away from that. Hallelujah. Per venture. Verse 24, there be 50 righteous within the city. Thou would also destroy and not spare the place for the 50 righteous that are therein. That be far from thee to do after this manner to slay the righteous with the wicked, and that the righteous should be as the wicked. That be far from thee. Shall not the judge of all the earth do right? I love this. Abraham saying, God, isn't this your character? God, isn't this how you act? What is he doing? He's repeating God's promises back to him. Hallelujah. You can do the same thing. When you feel alone, you can say, "God, you said you'd never leave me nor forsake me." Hallelujah. It's your promise. He's quoting the promise back to God. That's what a high that's what uh that's what confession means. Brother Bam says the word means it. Confess means to say the same thing, right? So that's what Abraham's doing. He's confessing what God has already said and he's interceding for those who aren't living as true to God as he is. That's right. And I love this. Shall not Won't the God of all the earth do right? Of course. Of course he knows what the answer is going to be. Yeah. God Yeah. God said, "I'm going to do what's right. I'm not going to destroy the righteous with the wicked." Hallelujah. And see, that means church, all the foolish virgin in the tribulation while we're gone, the rapture, they're going to die some way, but they're not going to die through the way of God's wrath with the trumpets and the vows and the woes, they won't die based upon God's wrath. They'll die some other way. Probably through the mark of the beast. If they don't buy or sell, they'll be killed, right? Probably hunted down or something like that. But you know, if they know the scripture, they can try to go hide in some cave because Zechariah 14 says that they that are they that are uh left over the remnant, they'll walk up walk out. I'm sorry. They'll walk out into the millennium. Not on the ashes, but they'll walk out there and they can live into the millennium. All right? So, we see that now church, you all know this. Uh he breaks it down from 50 all the way down to 10. Verse 32. And he said, "Oh, let not the Lord be angry, and I'll speak yet, but this once, per adventure, 10 shall be found there." And he said, "I will not destroy it for 10 sake." And the Lord went his way as soon as he had left, communing with Abraham. And Abraham returned unto his place. So see church, we get something special here. Communion is praying with God and make look, he's making his request known unto God. That's what God wants you to do. That's what God wants me to do. Make our request. In other words, call those individual names, right? The names of the people in your family, call them out to God. Say, "God, be merciful to this one. God, be gracious to that one." Right? God, please don't let them be destroyed with the wicked. God have mercy on them. And it also gives us understanding too that when we pray, God's spirit comes closer to us than other times because look, what did the Bible say? Did God did God stay there? No. He went his way. Right? So, we know there's times God's spirit feels closer than others and yet God never forsakes us. But sometimes, brother Austin, right? He's closer. Sometimes I feel him a lot closer than other times. Right. What is that through? Prayer. Communion. Yes. Draw nigh to God. And then he promises, I'll draw nigh unto you. Hallelujah. It's a good verse, brother. Good verse. James, right? James chapter 4, if I'm not mistaken. Draw nigh to God. God will draw nigh to you. Hallelujah. Now, let me close up here. I've only been preaching about 40 minutes. Wow. Hard to believe that. So, God and Abraham now have a second communion. This foreshadows communion. Hallelujah. Because we got the eating, we got the bowing down, we got the worship, we got the making known, we got the prayers, the intercession, we have all these things. Amazing uh example here of communion. And brother Bram says uh God's visit to Abraham and Sarah was the last sign they got before Isaac was born. And that's true. If you look at uh n last visit, yes, God's last visit because chapter 19 is the destruction of Sodom. God doesn't visit them there. Acts I'm sorry, Genesis chapter 20 is Abraham's lapse at Gerrar, right? When uh Abraham lied again about Sarah. Now, my wife shared this thought with me. I thought it was pretty striking. Abraham's lie there the second time was way worse than the first time because the second time around, Abraham already visited by God and said, "It's going to come through Sarah." He didn't know that before. God just visit him and said, "I'm going to be with you." Like, I'm going to visit you and she's going to have a child. And yet he still gives her over to Aimilec because of fear. Church, fear is an awful thing. We got to rebuke it in Jesus name. We got to stand upon God's word. Hallelujah. But think about that. It was this was way worse the second time around. He's already been through this. But what does it show again? It again shows that God is merciful to our what? Our iniquities. Second time I've struggled with this. Now for some of us it might be this is the third time this is the fourth time now I don't know how many times but God will forgive all our iniquities even after he had thus sayith the Lord God visited him and said it's coming through Sarah I'm going to visit you next year and still he gives his wife up to another man oh God have mercy and we learn of course the previous chapter though prayer is communion okay so God. Uh, so God's last sign was God coming to Abraham and Sarah in the tent, right? That was the last sign. Now, look what brother Ram says. Brother Ram says this six times. Uh, but I have three here for you. Brother Ram said in 1961, "Remember, let me tell you, thus sayith the Lord God that's on me. This is the last sign to the Gentile church before the rapture." That's quite a statement. Remember, thus sayith the Holy Spirit. This is your last sign. Write it in your Bible. And if something rises besides this, greater than this, call me a false prophet. Brother Ram was talking about, Brother Rod, the prayer lines where he would tell people, I think I showed you one time, 15 secrets God told one woman. And brother Ram did this night after night after night after night. And brother Bam said, "Thus sayeth the Lord, if a sign comes greater than this, I'm a false prophet." Now, here we are 60 almost 60 years after Brother Bram. Has anyone ever risen that's greater than brother Brandham's gift? None. That's because he had thus sayith the Lord. That's because he was God's true prophet. I think I I don't know. I don't know if I had that on this slide or not. I don't think I do, but I had the I think I showed the 15 the last time. Okay. So uh and then the this third one he said just remember thus sayith the Lord you'll never and no more gentile church age ever see any sign to succeed this go greater this is the last sign to the church now this is powerful because he says gentile because that means the Jews the Jews are not included in this Jews will have greater signs than brother Brandham's we we might say right because the Jews uh they'll turn water to blood and they'll cause it not to rain for three and a half years. Brother Ram never did that. He spoke to storms and he uh prayed for the dead. They come back and did different things. But brother Ram says, notice he said this sign is to the church, not to the Jews. So see how see how see how careful see how detailed the Holy Spirit was not to let him say the wrong thing. Brother Ram's ministry was the last sign to the Gentiles, not the Jews. The Jews get greater signs. They get all those signs through the sixth seal and of course the two prophets. All right. Can everybody see that? By God's grace. Now, brother Ram says this because uh because God was standing there and Sarah was behind him in the tent and God discerned. In other words, God judged and knew Sarah's behavior even though she was behind him in the tent. In other words, God knew the secrets of Sarah's heart even though Sarah wasn't right in front of him. And that's what brother Ram had. Brother Ram had the gift to know the thoughts and intents of the heart. And brother Rod, I need to share. I need to find it with you and I need to post it online. But there's a sermon where brother Ram's preaching on act Genesis 18 and he says something along this lines and he said, "Let me prove to you that the same God that had his back turned to Sarah is the same God that's in sentent me." Brother man turns his back to the audience, Brother Rod, and he goes right down the row, the first row, and he discerns everybody's secrets in the f first entire row. Hallelujah. Ah, we don't have We're not playing some fairy tale. We've got thus sayith the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. I need to find that. Uh I think it was in 1964 if I'm not mistaken. Tremendous gift. That's why the Holy Spirit said this is the last sign, the greatest sign the Gentiles, Gentiles will see before the rapture of the church. Hallelujah. Amazing. Amazing grace. All right. Now, let me close just with those last few things here. Uh, I never got to preach because my wife had the baby. I never got to preach on the new pope situation. Now, 71 years ago, Brother Random said a pope was coming out of the United States. Now, I've made I put a video about out this uh out today about this on YouTube. Somehow, Brother Random had some knowledge from God. He doesn't tell us the specific prophecy, but he said according to prophecy, he said there's going to be a new pope brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy. Then they'll form an image liken of the beast. This was December 19th, 1954. And church, I've gone online. I think I found uh almost 10 quotes where people said they never thought there'd be an American pope. Yeah. Uh I I I watched you I mean I watched numerous videos about the new pope right you probably did too and a lot of these women and these reporters were saying oh this is such an amazing thing we never thought would one would ever come out of America uh because of her position because the church doesn't want you know America influencing the church because the church wants to say based upon its traditions. Well sure it does because it's got traditions of devils but America's just as bad. But they they were all saying they never thought there'd be an American pope. But who knew there'd be an American pope 71 years ago, God's prophet. Now, personally though, now this is what I put in the video, too. Personally, I don't think this was a specific prophecy. I think it was just a general prophecy brother saw in the scripture because look, there's no thus sayeth the Lord. Okay? Now the reason I believe that is because uh seven months later in May of 1954 for the first time brother Random preached United States is in revelation chapter 13. Okay it's 13 11-18. I'm going to go there briefly. Revelation 1311. Now the beast comes up in 11 out of the land. Notice it's not the sea. It's not the multitudes of people like the beast came out of Rome, right? all those multitudes of people, the kingdom of Rome, right? So, brother Ram says it comes out of the earth. That was North America where there wasn't a lot of people. He had two horns like a lamb. Brother Ram said lamb represents this innocent religion. And the two horns he says are ci civil power. So, government powers and ecclesiastical powers. So, government and church powers. And he spake like a dragon. In other words, he's going to start speaking like he's the boss of the world, like Rome was, right? And how many times has Trump declared, "We're the greatest nation on the earth." Many times. I know in 2017, I put in my book, in 2017, he went to United Nations nations said, "We're the greatest nation. We're the most powerful and we're going to be the most powerful ever." He boasts like a dragon. That's right. And he exercises all the power of the first beast before him. Okay. Okay. Now, he does great wonders to make fire come down from heaven. That was the two bombs in Japan, 1945. He makes fire come down from heaven, right? And no one's able to make war with him. Who's made war with the United States? Come and make war on us, right? And so, the Bible said he had power in verse 15 to give life under the image of the beast. So, this is what I believe. that to the best of my understanding. I can't prove it necessarily with a quote, but it looks like brother Ram's just giving a general prophecy. When the United Confederation of Church goes together, the new pope is brought on the United States and put over there according to prophecy. So, I believe what he's talking about is Revelation 13 verse 15. That's what I believe then. Okay, so once the pope's there, then they'll have to form an image like in the beast. And I tell you, the true church of God will be drove together, right? Because we're going to start hearing we're start hearing of all the churches. You got to unite with the government. It's it's all going to be a good thing. And we're going to start hearing about the mark of the beast. But this is going to drive the true church together away from the papal Rome. Hallelujah. And all the uniting of the Protestants, which they're not real Protestants if they're uniting with the pope. They are not protesting the pope. Amen. We're protesting the pope. Hallelujah. Right? The real true believers out of Methodists, Baptist, Presbyterian, I came out of the Pentecostal church, Nazarene, pilgrim, holiness, whatever they'll be. See, whatever he said, no matter what church it is, they will go together and cemented by the love of God. Amen. And what is God? God is the word. Hallelujah. See, we're going to love the word. And that'll make the body of the Jesus, the Lord Jesus Christ, all the believers. I think I left an S off there. I accidentally deleted that. Now, see, church, you got to be very careful how we interpret this because of this. We don't know if this current pope we have will be the antichrist or not. We don't know because we don't have a thus sayith the Lord on this. It seems like brother just looked at, well, if Revelation 13 is US verses 11 to 18, and they're going to lay down the mark, well, then the pope's going to have to be up from America then. That's what it looks like to me. Because we don't have a thus sayith the Lord. And look, church, did he give any scripture for us to use? No, we have no scripture pro. What pro what prophecy? We don't know. Now, some message people are making this a thus sayith the Lord prophecy. But church, it's not a thus sayith the Lord prophecy. It's a general prophecy from Revelation 13. Does everybody understand what I'm saying here? Because what if this pope dies? What if this pope dies in 15, 10 years and they get a now pope from Africa, right? They're going to say, "You bunch of liars. You've I'm not going to lie. I'm not saying this. I'm not saying this is a specific prophecy. It's a general prophecy because I don't know if this pope is going to bring uh raise up that image to the beast. I don't know if this is the pope that's going to do it. I don't know. And neither do you. And neither do any of us." And the church said, "None of us know the future unless God chose us." So let's let's not let's not bring reproach upon the name of Jesus and make something a prophecy when it's really not a specific prophecy. It's a general this is just he didn't even tell us the we don't even know the Bible verse. I'm just giving my best guess. Now what is this similar to? And Simon mentioned it. Remember Simon is like I heard him preach. He said I like brother Jesse's video on Camala Harris. Let's go over that real quickly here because church we got to be good with thus say the Lord. If we're not good with thus sayith the Lord, we're going to we're going to make something thus sayith the Lord that's not and then we look like fools when it doesn't come to pass. Like here's what brother said in 1933. Brother Rod, look what he said. He saw seven visions. In the six I s I saw the rose of an America, most beautiful but cruel woman. She held the people in her complete power. I believe that this was the rise of the Roman Catholic Church, though I knew it could possibly be a vision of some woman rising great power in America to a popular vote by women. And so when Camala Harris became vice president, a lot of people said, "Oh, this one's fulfilled." But I never did because I never saw her get complete power. When did Camala Harris have complete power over you, brother? Never. I never bowed to because other ways he tells us, he said, "The whole nation bowed to this woman. I never bowed to Camala Harris. I never voted for her." Hallelujah. I wasn't under her complete power. If the vision says complete power, it's going to be complete power. Praise God. If all the other visions and thus say the Lord as we preach with, we have thus sayith the Lord. Two sermons when brother Rod was here. I went through like what 20 of them. If all those came to pass, all the rest will come to pass. Praise God. Amen. Because God doesn't lie. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, this is thus sayith the Lord. But if she doesn't, if Camala didn't have complete power, then Camala didn't fulfill the vision. And that's what I said when she first got elected. And now look, And now what do people look like that say Camala fulfilled that? They look silly. They just look immature. They look like they don't know how to rightly divide the word of God. Now, why didn't Now, why didn't they see this quote from Brother Brandham? See, some people just want to use some quotes. And I'm not saying I use every quote from Brother Brandon, but I want to acknowledge all the quotes of Brother Brandham. Like, if there's a if there's a question and brother Brandham has ideas about this side of a topic and that side, I want to at least acknowledge both of them and I'll give you my opinion about which one I think it might be right if we don't have with us, sayith the Lord. Well, look what he says. How that doing so, they'd permit women to vote, which they did. Women suffrage. And doing so, they would elect the wrong president. Right? All those women voted for the handsome JFK. They voted for they voted for the wrong guy, right? He's a womanizer. He's a very very filthy man, right? And and and this would be a woman sent up that would govern the United States. Not actually a woman. Not actually Camala Harris, although people think that it was Camala Harris, but a church. Is Camala Harris a church? No. She's a woman, but she's not a church. Then I see her with nothing but ashes. It's going to happen. Hallelujah. So, see friends, it goes back to this new Pope thing, right? We got to be very careful what we do with prophecy because if we're right, yeah, we look right. But if we're wrong, we look foolish and we bring reproach upon the gospel of Christ. Oh, you know what? I know the way that we're going to get it right. Have communion with Christ. Let's stand to our feet. How did Abraham get it right, church? He had communion with Christ. Musicians can come. Does everybody understand that? By God's grace, we got to have communion with Jesus Christ. And then we'll say the right thing. We'll do the right thing. Not just shooting from the hip. I think it's gonna be that. Well, I got a quote for this. Well, guess what? There's always quotes on the other side, too. Have you looked at all the quotes? Have you looked at all the prophecies in the Bible? See, it's a shame when people don't do that. But God help us. God will help us, church, because I'm told by Jesus Christ that if I've got the Holy Ghost, I will be guided into all truth. And I believe that. How many believe that? Do we really think Do we really think that promise is going to fail? I don't. Do I think it's going to be my power, Genevie, that's going to bring that to pass? No. It's going to be the power. You're right. The power of Christ. Hallelujah. See, God's watching over his word. And God's going to help us watch over his word as well. Let's bow our heads. How many want to have communion with Christ? More. More communion with Christ. Praise God. I surely do. And I love to see that chapter. What a beautiful chapter on communion. Genesis 18. Heavenly Father, we thank you for tonight. Lord, thank you for your truth in your word. God, keep us balanced, Lord. Keep us humble, Lord. Keep us stable, Lord God. Help us to live what we actually preach and believe. So many don't, Lord God. So many will say, "Well, we got to have a scripture for everything." And and then when they don't have a scripture, they'll still make some claim that proves wrong, like the Camala Harris thing. Dear God, Lord have mercy, God. Help us to live and apply what we preach, what we say we believe. Hallelujah. Let us be doers of the word, not just hearers of the word. So Lord, we look at prophecy. If there's no thus sayith the Lord, well then we are not going to make it to thus sayith the Lord. Help us not to do that, dear God. Help us to do what we know is right, dear God. Because that proves we've had communion with the Almighty God. Oh God, draw near to us like you did to Abraham. Lord, and we even saw that Abraham can draw nigh to you, Lord God. Help us to draw nigh to you in our homes. Lord God, help us not to vex ourselves with what looking at the wrong thing, listening to the wrong thing. Oh God, help us not to vex the Holy Spirit. We know if we do though there's mercy, there's forgiveness. Lord God, help us Lord to have testimonies like David where you say, "The Lord rewarded me according to my righteousness because my hands were clean." Hallelujah. Because I did not give into my iniquity, I overcame my iniquity, Lord God. With the pure God, you will show yourself pure. Help us to be pure tonight, Lord Jesus. Oh God, let us be pure in thy sight, Lord God. Hallelujah, Jesus. Thank you, Lord God, for your blessings. Thank you for your word tonight. Thank you for the songs of Zion. Thank you for the prayers of the saints, Lord God. The prayer of faith shall save the sick, Lord God. We thank you, God, for these promises. They're yay and amen. Help us to listen when it's coming directly to us. Help us to listen also when it might seem like it's coming from behind us. Help us just always to listen. When the Savior calls, I'll answer. Oh God, help us to listen, Jesus. Lord, we're so thankful for this end time thus sayith the Lord message you given to us, pointing us back to the Bible. Help us to live it closer, Lord God, and bless our communion where we can get on our knees, Lord God, and worship and wash your feet, Lord God. We can have a meal with you spiritually, we'd say. And then we can plead for the souls of those Christians who don't live as high with a high calling as Paul said as we do. Lord God, not to exalt ourselves, God. I'm not exalting myself. I'm nothing. I'm a sinner saved by grace. But I can recognize that Lord, with all these standards, we have holiness. A woman that cuts her hair is not close to God is a woman who lets it grow. A man who's married twice preaching is not as close to God as a man who's married once and preaches. For the Bible said, "Let the bishop be the husband of one wife." Lord, so we can see how we're closer to God, not because we're better, but because you've given us grace, Lord God, to hear the word of God and to live it, Lord God. You've given us grace. So we thank you, Lord Jesus. Commune with us, Lord, here tonight, dear God. And Lord Jesus, may we intercede for others, Lord God. Hear our humble prayers. We ask it, Lord Jesus, tonight. Guide us by your holy spirit.
