################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-27 - (3-26-25) The Spirit of Burning, Pt. 5 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-27
Title:   (3-26-25) The Spirit of Burning, Pt. 5 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w--kVWmegIA
========================================

Thank you, sir. Good to see you tonight. So, we're looking at the spirit of burning tonight. This is part five. And at the end, I got a real just a real sweet little special testimony I'll share at the end by God's grace. So, thankful for God's amazing grace. Trust the series has been a blessing to you. It's been a refreshing to me and uh the testimony is about is about that as well. I'm sorry. Luke chapter 24, we'll go to verse 26. by God's grace. 24:26. Just want to start here and then by God's grace we'll move to Psalm 39 in just a moment. But let's read two verses here in Luke 24. 24:26. 246. Let's uh let's read 26 together. Can we read that together? On three. 1 2 3. Ought not Christ to have suffered these things and to enter into his glory? If you go down now to verse 46, uh later as Jesus meets with the other disciples that night on resurrection night in verse 46, he talks about the suffering again. Suffering again. Verse 46. Let's read that on three. One, two, three. And said unto them, thus it is written and thus it behooved Christ to suffer and to rise from the dead the third day. Now this whole uh series has been about the spirit of burning. Hallelujah. And we saw that in the scripture where uh they said they their hearts were burning in verse 32. They said one unto another, "Did not our heart burn within us while he talked with us by the way and while he opened to us the scriptures?" Praise God. So now if you turn your Bibles there to Psalm 39, please. Psalm 39. I wasn't planning on preaching this today till I got deeper in study and kind of felt the the tug of the Holy Spirit. It's just something to just experience as a minister uh tugs you a certain way. You know, you feel a certain way, but then all these things start uh opening up, it seems. And so, I'm just trying to follow the leading of the Lord tonight. I trust to be a help uh to somebody here tonight. Psalm 39 here. Now, in verse three is what we're going to read there. Notice uh here David experiences the spirit of burning, right? That's what we've been looking at. How the spirit of God doesn't burn. I mean, it does burn outside of us, but we're looking at when it burns inside of us. We're looking at a inner burning. Praise God. This is something you can't prove to the skeptics, right? The atheists, you can't prove this to them, right? Like brother, like brother saw, the atheists, well, let me feel God. Let me see God. This is something brother Brandham said. But if you repent and come the same way that I came to God, then you would know God's real, right? Then you would feel the spirit of burning. If you repent the same way brother Brandham did or any believer, praise God. Hallelujah. So Psalm 39 verse three. Let's read that and then we'll have you be seated on three. One, two, three. My heart was hot within me while I was musing the fire burned. Then spake I with my tongue. May God add his blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated. So I will set a timer here uh school nights. I try to watch the time. So we missed you on Sunday. We had a great service down there in Junction City. And uh just tried to minister to them the best we could. And I'm glad brother Brian was led by the Holy Spirit to say what he said. I love that when I leave and somebody comes in and they pick up right where things I've been preaching. He was preaching on Isaiah 6. I've just been preaching on Isaiah 6. Uh the 11. And he's just so many things. I I was driving home with Caris and Victoria. I was just smiling the whole time I listen to this sermon like, "Oh my, God is so good. God is so faithful. He just knows what we have need of." Truly approves he's a discerner of the thoughts intents of our hearts. So we're thankful for that by God's amazing grace. Now, you probably want to keep your spot there in Psalm 39. We'll be coming back there. It's a very short chapter. We'll be coming back there here at the second part maybe of this service uh or sermon by God's grace. But let's go to Isaiah 4 where we learn about where I learned about the spirit of burning aresh. Of course, I've read through the Bible numerous times, but uh this particular scripture didn't strike me until uh last month and that's when I started preaching on it. I was so struck by this uh the the the phrase here, the phrase the spirit of burning. And so it's inspired me. I hope it's inspired you. And like I said, I'll give it a course. They don't even go to our church, but I'm not going to say their name, of course, on the live stream, but um if you want to know after service, I'll tell you. I'm sure the person wouldn't mind. Verse four or verse uh yes, verse four. When the Lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of Zion. Remember, these are those daughters with all the chains, the bracelets, the mufflers, the bonnets, the high heels, the rings, the nose jewels uh in chapter 3. Mincing as they go, prideful, stretched forth next, uh, wanting eyes. Did I say that right? How do you say it? Want I can never say that word right. Wanted. And see, tinkling with their feet. See, always drawing attention to themselves, right? That's why that's where we get the high heels. And of course, they're stretched forth necks and the way it props them up. And then, uh, that's the filth he's talking about. So, ver back to chapter 4, verse four. When the Lord washes all that filth away, how does he do it? And he shall purge the blood of Jerusalem from the midst thereof by the spirit of judgment and by the spirit of burning. Hallelujah. And then the Lord will create Mount Zion, of course, which is the new Jerusalem. Praise God. How many looking forward to that by God's grace? Just this week, I might preach on Sunday. I saw the new Jerusalem is in Isaiah chapter 60. I never seen it before, but it's right there. Five examples. I maybe I'll preach that Sunday by the grace of God. I think I preached on the No, I didn't preach future home to you. I preached it to the Junction City Saints last year. Okay. So, now as we look down through this series here, uh the first one we looked at was in Isaiah 6. Isaiah experienced the spirit of burning because the Holy Ghost or an angel brought down a coal off to the fire of the altar and put it on his lips. And when but he had to first do the spirit of judgment. And that's that's the point we're looking at in this series. You have to judge yourself as a sinner or as uh one who fails, one who makes mistakes. you. In other words, you have to confess your faults first before God can clean you. Hallelujah. It's just like that man. Remember I was I said we were singing that song uh you know I was thinking of that man where Jesus said you know two men went down to the uh two men went down to the temple to pray and one man's like thank God I'm not like that guy and Jesus said he didn't get nothing from God. It was the guy who said God be merciful to me. The other guy saying how much I fast how much I pray. Now we should all do those things but when it becomes a brag you're in the wrong spirit. That's pride. That's not humility. That's not a true joy. Like, thank God. Now, we ought to have joy. Thank God I can fast if you can. Now, we don't expect the pregnant mothers to fast or the little children. We don't expect you to fast. But when you get to a mature age with Christ, you'll want to fast. The spirit of God will lead you to fast. Hallelujah. Because it's in the scripture. But, uh, the the man who was justified said, "God, be merciful to me. I can't even hardly raise my head to heaven, but I'm a sinner." And so, that's the spirit of judgment. The spirit of judgment came upon that man. He judged himself as a sinner. Hallelujah. And we'll always judge our flesh as sinful. Right? And often our minds, every day our minds will think some evil sin. And we got to confess that as well. But if you're born again, the soul can never sin because the soul is born again of the incorruptible seed of God. It's a part of God. Hallelujah. Your soul has a part of the living God. Hallelujah. Glory. So, we see the spirit of judgment must come on ourselves. For me, it was I I had to confess, you know, I'm guilty of hating my father and I'm guilty of watching too many sports and watching evil movies. I I'm I'm guilty of wasting so much time. I'm guilty of smoking cigarettes or chewing tobacco. Uh and that's just as a sinner. Now, there's more when I become a believer, right? There's things there's I still I still fall short of God's glory. But as the example of getting first saved, you got to confess all that. Say, I've said evil things. I've cursed people. I've said awful curse words. I've said all these things. God, forgive me. I'm guilty of hell. But because of grace, I believe I'll be forgiven. Hallelujah. Because of the blood of Christ, I have a place in heaven. There's a place in heaven for me in my father's mansion. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. That's right. By the grace of God, not by works, lest any man should boast. Hallelujah. But then, brother Ram says, "You do works because of your appreciation for God." Hallelujah. And Brian preached, remember Brian preached? He said, "We should be zealous for good works." How many remember that from Sunday? So, see, works are not something we get excited for to try to make it to heaven. works is something we get excited about to please the God who's in heaven. Hallelujah. Glory. God bless you, brother. Good to see you, brother Clark. Hallelujah. So, we see the first one that we looked at in our series was Isaiah experienced burning to put him into service. And church, that's what we looked at. You can't even start a ministry till first the Holy Ghost has judged you and then burned out your sin desire. Then you're into service. Hallelujah. And so over these last few years, you know, we see preachers that have preached 30, 40 years, fall away, leave the message, it showed they never got the spirit of burning because they would not have left the service God called them to. If they had the real spirit of burning because you never see Isaiah when when they said, "We're going to saw you in half, Isaiah. We're going to cut you with saws." We don't see him uh recanting and saying, "No, I don't believe the message. I don't believe these visions. I don't believe uh in the prophecies." No, he took it because he was a true believer. Praise God. He experienced the fire of God touch his mouth. Hallelujah. Glory. So see the spirit of burning puts you into service. Hallelujah. And then we looked at Jeremiah in our series. He also uh experienced burning. He said it's like fire shut up in my bones. Hallelujah. But that wasn't to put him into service. That was to keep him from quitting his service. Because in the verse, he said, I he said, uh uh I got to the spot, I'm not even going to talk about God anymore because of all my stocks I'm in and the persecution. I'm done preaching for God. I'm done prophesying. But the Holy Ghost came on him and said, uh that he's going to be burning again. And he said, I've got to speak for God. I feel it inside of me. Praise God. So that shows when you're at your weakest physically, call out to God, and God will send the fire to put you back into service. Hallelujah. That's right, church. Keep you from quitting. And we saw brother Ram happened the same thing to brother Random. He almost quit after Hope and Sharon Rose were taken off the scene. He almost quit. But God wouldn't let him quit. Hallelujah. And God won't lo God won't let you quit either, saints. How many believe that? He won't let you quit because he knows your heart. He knows you don't want to quit. We just go through awful mind battles. The Bible calls them strongholds, right? Castles. Uh brother calls them cl complexes. We just go through those. But God breaks every chain. Hallelujah. That's right. Glory to God. The third one we saw was just as we read tonight, Cleopus and his friend on that seven mile walk. It seems like it was about a two or two and a half hour walk if you're going about the regular pace. And they were so discouraged. Brother calls them brokenhearted disciples. You don't have to raise your hand, but who's ever been there where you had a broken heart and you thought you you thought all hope was gone, right? And so what does the what does God do? He himself comes in the form of his son. Praise God. steps out and starts preaching to them about himself. Praise God. And by the end of it, they invite him in. They say, "Don't leave us. Oh, you got to stay the night. We got to oh, please come eat with us." And then he did something that he was known for. He broke the bread. And in the breaking of the bread, the breaking of the food and the ministering of the food. That's how he was known. That's always how Jesus is known. When he gives a word to you that you need in due season. Praise God. That's how we know Jesus. Praise God. When you're struggling, when you're going through difficult times and you feel like quitting or there's tragedies in life and God comes around and gives you a fresh piece of bread, a fresh food, something for your soul that your soul needs. Praise God. In America, we don't run out of bread, but in America, we need spiritual bread. Hallelujah. So we don't starve ourselves and try to go to other things, worldly things uh to for the pleasures of this world like they go to Snow White or something like that. a bunch of nonsense trying to satisfy the soul with a bunch of sinful stuff like that. That's trash. That's Tommy rot that will never satisfy. It'll leave you wanting more of the world. But when you get God's word, it'll only want help you to want more of God's word. Hallelujah. Not more of the things of the world. Praise God. Hallelujah. So, Cleopus and his friend felt the burning to revive their service when they were going through doubts. And brother Ram said, "The Bible says the Holy Ghost is the dissolver of doubts." So if you have doubts tonight, let's look to Christ. Hallelujah. I can't help you. Only Jesus can help you. Hallelujah. Now, his servants can pray for you. They can preach and all these things, but it's God. You got to pull on God. God will give you what your heart desires. Hallelujah. He said, "This is the way." He said, "This is the preaching is the way to raise faith. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God." Hallelujah. It's God's way to raise faith. It's God's way to get the fire back in your life. Praise God. We all need it at times. Everybody should say amen sometime. Hallelujah. That I need the fire. I need a fire restored. I need the burning back in my life. I need a revival. Praise God. Everybody ought to say that at some point. Hallelujah. If not, you're only lying to yourself. Praise God. That's right. Now, I left off this and I just want to spend uh a moment here maybe five minutes. I'll say maybe five minutes. We'll see. Just mentioning that suffering aspect for our text. I read where Jesus says, "Ought not the the Messiah to suffer." See, they thought, and as we looked at it, they thought the Messiah was going to come in, take down Rome, and bring in the millennium. They thought it was a millennium move. Oh, but little did they know, God had to get a gentile bride. Little did they know, brother Claude and Patrick, you were in the mind of God. He couldn't start the millennium yet because he had to find you, Brother Austin. Amen. Hallelujah. Is that right, Brother Chris? He had to come looking for you. Amen. He said, "There's other sheep in other folds. I've got to bring into my fold." Hallelujah. Amen. He He He could have left us. Yes. He could have left us out there, Brother Chris. He could have left us out there amongst the goats, but his love constrained him to leave the 99 and go get his one gentile bride. Hallelujah. Oh my. Glory to God. So the apostles and all the believers in Christ at that time did not under understand the suffering of God's Messiah, God's servant, the branch. They only thought about ruling and reigning and restoring the kingdom, the natural kingdom of Israel instead of the spiritual kingdom of Christ. Look at Acts 1 vers6. I'm going to get you on a little exercise in your your wrist here tonight. Acts 16. When they therefore were come together, they asked of him, saying, Lord, wilt thou at this time restore again the kingdom of Israel? Now, think about this. He just resurrected. He's showing himself alive like he's in a glorified body. And what do they want to see? They want to see a temple rebuilt and they're not even thinking about all these billions of people down through the years that have will never would never have a chance to receive Christ if Christ doesn't go to them. And it's okay, church. Sounds a lot like you and I, right? We always think about ourselves. And the church said, "Oh, good. There's a few." Amen. Some people honest people. Hallelujah. Right? We're just human. We're just uh we just think about ourselves too much. Right? Like brother Brooks used to say, "Look at a picture of you and who's the first person you look at?" yourself, not other people. Right? I always struck me as funny. I still do the same thing today. How's that? Is he looking okay? Like it matters. Like it matters. But of course, they're thinking about themselves. When is the kingdom of Israel? When is this going to be restored? Like the days of Solomon and greater. But of course, Jesus was doing something different. And also Luke 19:11's here. So we get to get you A few good scriptures there, hun. Luke 19:11. While they were listening to this, he went on to tell them a parable because he was near to Jerusalem. And the people thought that kingdom of God was going to appear once. And they're talking about the millennial kingdom, right? So he tells a story. He's going to take the kingdom from the Jews and give it to the Gentiles. And the Jews like knew he was talking. So they got mad. Are you preaching on me again tonight? Yes. Jesus said, "I'm preaching on you again tonight because you failed to repent." I heard a preacher say this week. It's such a truth. Jesus used some of the harshest words against the people that wouldn't repent. Den of vipers, hypocrites, twofold uh more the sons of hell than your fathers. I mean, if anybody was harsh against hypocrisy and false religion, it was Christ. So, Christ servants will do some of the same. Praise God. I couldn't. So, it was expected. They were expecting the millennium. Oh, this is time for the millennium, saints, which that's an okay thing. But they didn't know the mystery. Ephesians 3 says it was the mystery of God breaking down the wall between the Jew and Gentiles and bringing one group together. Amen. The fellowship of the mystery. Hallelujah. Glory. John 6:14 and 15. H, if you want to get that. John 6:14 and 15. After the people saw the sign Jesus performed, they began to say, "Surely this is the prophet who is to come into the world." Jesus knowing that they intended to come and make him king by force withdrew again to a mountain by himself. This is how much they were focused on the millennium. They were literally going to force him to be the king. But listen, you can't force God to do anything. We listen listen. You've heard all people kind of they try to speak this, they try to speak that in existence, they try to do the third pole. They can do whatever they want, but if God don't lead it, it's not gonna happen. Hallelujah. See, they try to make things happen by force. You got to be led by the Holy Ghost to speak the word of God. Amen. How do you know? Because all your sins are confessed and you just feel and you just yield to the Holy Spirit and you realize it's not you, it's Christ in you. Hallelujah. Amen. That's right. All these people say, "The Lord told me this. The Lord told me that. Uh, well, God's going to do this. God gonna do that. Let's see what God does." Hallelujah. That's always always sit back and see what he's going to do. Praise God. The crowd wanted to force him to be king. Force him in the millennium. Just like Satan offered him the millennium, right? He said, "Just bow down and worship me and I'll give you these kingdoms right now. Give the millennium right now." And Jesus said, "It's written, thou shalt worship the Lord thy God only. Thou shalt have no other gods before me." Hallelujah. Jesus knew too much of the word. And church, we want to get to the spot where we know too much of the word. Or not too much, but we know more of the word. Sorry. We want to get to the spot where we know enough word to defeat Satan. Hallelujah. That's right. Now, see, just like us, church, just like us, many times we don't see the the suffering that was necessary. So, that's a good example. Uh Isaiah 60 is let's just let's just briefly go over Isaiah 60. We might as well. Isaiah 60 and then we'll go to Isaiah 53. Isaiah I'm reading through this. This has been one of the most tremendous books. Again, just a reminder. Isaiah 60. Now look how this is this is now brother Ram used verses one and two uh when he preached uh what's the name of that I just let's just slip my mind is the very first sermon of 1964 uh sorry I can't remember it but he preached arise shine for thy light has come in the glory of the shalom there it is my mercy goodness the first sermon of 1964 shalom and he preached it twice there at the beginning so this was his text but if you continue reading this is about the millennium hallelujah now look at verse 11 therefore For thy gate shall open continually. They shall not be shut by day or night, that men may bring unto thee the forces of the Gentiles, that their kings may be brought in. Any Bible reader knows that's Revelation 21. The Bible said, "The gates will not be shut, and the kings of the earth will bring their glory and honor into the city." Hallelujah. That's right. Now, let's keep going. Turn uh go a little further in the in the chapter. Look at verse 18. Violence shall no more be heard in thy land. This has to be the new Jerusalem because there's there's violence during the millennium. That's right. There's even deception in the millennium because Satan goes around and deceives all the the all the four corners of the world and brings them up against Jerusalem. Right. Hallelujah. And notice at the end of verse 18, thy thou shalt call thy walls salvation and thy gates praise. And that's what we got, church. When we when we know we're saved and we've got uh praise in our lips, we've got protection. We got the walls of protection and we've got the gates so the Holy Ghost can come into our lives. Hallelujah. We got walls. We got a hedge about us. Amen. Just like Job. We've got a hedge of salvation. Hallelujah. When we confess our sins, we're walking in the word. God sets a hedge about his people. Praise God. Amen. Look at verse 19. Any Bible reader will know this. The sun shall be no more thy light by day, neither for brightness, but the moon give light unto thee, but the Lord shall be unto thee an everlasting light. We don't need the sun. We won't need the moon because Christ is the light. Glory. Verse 20. Thy sun shall no more go down, neither shall thy moon withdraw itself, for the Lord shall be thine everlasting light. And the church said, so the Jews are thinking of this this scripture and Isaiah 2 and all these uh Isaiah 66 and Isaiah 65, all these chapters I preached last year on the millennium, right? All these they're thinking about all these other ones, but they miss Isaiah 53. Let's go there briefly. And again, I've said this before. If if I should go to the grave uh at my funeral, I want this chapter read by God's grace. Read Isaiah 53. So someone will know that Jesse Smith's sins was healed by Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. That's right. Isaiah 53. Now, at the end of verse two, it says, "There's no beauty that we would desire him." That's why that's a great picture of Christ. He's not a beautiful man. Look, he hasn't trimmed his beard. He don't have big muscles. He don't look real happy. He looks like a sorrowing suh sorrowing servant, right? Like a weeping prophet. And if you look at the actual painting, he's looking at the rich young ruler. Rich young ruler is over here. And he looks all dowled up and he's all all he's all got his hair trimmed and his beard trimmed, probably has makeup on and all kinds of stuff like that. He's got his big rings on, his necklace on. And here's Jesus, a plain old, we'd say, peasant. No beauty that we desire him. Hallelujah. That's right. Verse three. For he's despised and rejected a man, a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief, and we hid, as it were, our faces from him. He was despised, and we esteemed him not. That includes you and I. Praise God. We all would have ran. People, you know, they they look down on uh uh Adam and Eve. You and I would have done the same thing. I heard a man discredit Adam and Eve this week. I'm like, bro, you would have done the same thing. Or, bro, whatever you want to say, you would have done the same thing. And it'll get down on all these people like from the Old Testament. You would have done the same thing because the Holy Ghost wasn't yet given. Praise God. Till Jesus was glorified. Praise God. That's right. We all would have ran. Verse four. Surely he hath borne our griefs and carried our sorrows. Yet we did esteem him stricken and smitten of God and afflicted. Now, here's what they were missing. Verse five. He was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him, and with his stripes we are healed. And the church said, look at verse 10. for it pleased the Lord to bruise him. That pleased God. It's something outside of our our feeling and our emotion. We can't quite understand that without the perfect divine love of God. We see pain and we see a crucified Christ and we just uh we don't like to think about that. But it pleased God because it met God's requirements. Hallelujah. Uh because the Bible said because of that Jesus would see his seed. He would see his children become forgiven, filled with the Holy Ghost, and given mansions in heaven. And I'm going to keep preaching on the mansion tonight. Praise God. Because we sang that song. And that's what the future home is. Amen. That's what the new Jerusalem is. All those mansions leading up to the top of the mountain, the holy mountain. Hallelujah. Glory. Where the lamb is the temple. Where the lamb is the light. Hallelujah. And you and I get to see the face of the lamb. Hallelujah. It's going to shine brighter than the sun. And the church said, brighter than the sun, the face of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Glory to God. So see we see him uh the suffering. This is suffering. This is the part they miss. They saw in churches just like you and I. You and I alls we see is the rapture scriptures right? Shout voice trump changed in a moment twink of an eye. Caught up to meet the Lord and everything. Oh glory. But what if there's suffering before that? What if there is a squeeze time? Well, let's not talk about that too much. Well, we we don't have to. But if it's God's will, it's going to happen. Praise God. And so we ought to be prepared to suffer like our Lord suffered for us. Praise God. If it goes down to that. We don't know. Like there we don't have a thus sayith the Lord on it. We don't know. But we got to be ready. We what I'm saying is don't don't look past suffering like like s like suffering is never going to happen to us. It's going to happen to us. Praise God. Like you've heard it said it uh tragedy visits every home at some point. Right? It's going to uh visit. Death comes knocking at every home at some point, whether expected or unexpected. Like I I'll tell Mai Malai, we were driving up from Tennessee, remember after the youth meeting, and I I'm not going to name his name, but a young man, he's got to be 25. And he was talking about when his grandfather unexpectedly died, and he's still crying in the seat next to me, still crying about it. And he was a godly preacher, one of my uh mentors. Still when it's unexpected like that. And and and he was crying. And he's just telling me, "But I'm glad the day before he had the heart attack, I got I just felt led to tell him how much I loved him." Look how merciful God is. Praise God. God is so gracious. God is so merciful. Oh, now what if he would have been walking in the flesh and he would have missed that opportunity. See, church, we always want to walk in the spirit. Praise God. And I told you that story. Remember, two summers ago? I don't you No, you don't remember. So, I'm sorry. You uh his name was uh King. What was his first name? Tenny. Tennis King. That was his name. Tennis King. like a tennis king, but tennis was his first thing. I was going to get our milk one night. It was a th No, it would have been a Wednesday. Yeah. And we've talked scores of times. I don't want to exaggerate too much. I exaggerate way too much. But for some reason that it was a summer, it was a fall night. It was in August right before school started. And we were just talking. I said, "How you doing, Tenny?" He's like, "Oh, you know, doing okay. Doing okay." And he just kind of looked discouraged. And I started said I said, "Tenny, I said he got I said something like this. something along this along these lines. I can't remember, but I said, "Tenny, God loves you so much. He's, you know, he's got a gray beard and he's an old man. He's a Catholic man, but he always respected me. We had different talks. We disagreed on some things, but he always respected me and I respected him. And he's given us, he's allowed us to have our our our milk in his fridge for uh 15 years now. Bless his heart. He shares his electricity with us. Doesn't even charge us." Well, he did. Now, his wife does. But for some some reason, church, it was right before church, right? You know, it was a Wednesday night. picking up milk, coming uh just going there. And I just felt something come on me. I just like I'm going to encourage this guy. I said, "Ten, you've been a great father. You've raised four children." No, five children. And he had quadruplets. No, he had six. He had six children. But how many did he have at one time? Quadruplets. Four at one time. And that was their first one, right? That was their first birth. Yeah, it was because the younger ones are younger. Yeah. Not going to be wrong on that, too. So, forgive me. I said I said, "Tenny, I said," Tenny, you have fed these children their whole life. I said, "You have sacrificed." And as I was talking, he just got more and more encouraged. Like I saw his shoulders go up, brother. You know how he did pretty soon. He's feeling pretty good. I'm like, "Tenny, God loves you." I said, "God is going to honor you for I said, "You've been true to your wife all these years. True. You have been faithful to your wife. You've loved those children." I said, "Every time I see your picture around here," he said, "You're hugging one of your grandchildren." He's like, I just love the grandchildren. I'm like, Tenny, you're a man after my own heart. So, children, have some grandchildren sometime soon, okay? But get married first. Get married first. We're going to have our own baby pretty soon, too, by God's grace. We love babies around here. Hallelujah. But I was just, you know, I just felt the spirit of God come over me. Two days later, I get a text. He died. So, right before he died, God, and there was no reason for me to do this. God anointed me. I was walking in the spirit getting ready to preach and God anointed me to kind of cheer him up and lift him up. I said, "There's going to be a great place for you in heaven, Tenny, because he is faithful to his wife, faithful to his children." I said, "You have honored the Lord." He's like, "Well, yeah, by God's grace or you know, that's what I say, but his humble way, he had another way to say it." There's another striking example of how if you're loving God and if you're walking the spirit, God will prepare you to go on to the other side. Praise God. Amen. Glory. And I could go to that funeral just in peace in my heart. Uh, and I would just kept saying it was all by the love of God. All by the the blood of Jesus Christ. God did this and you've honored God. God will honor you. Praise God. That's what the Bible says. That's what s that's what uh uh God told Samuel. He said, Eli, because you didn't honor me, you honored your sons above me. He said, God's going to take your position away. But then uh but then he said, "But those that honor God, God will honor them." Hallelujah. That's right. Glory. Sorry if I'm clapping too loud, Lydia. I'm sorry. Now, I think I'll just move on here now. So, it's the suffering that sometimes we don't like to talk about. We don't like to experience, but it's part of the Christian journey. How many can say amen to that? You must suffer. Hallelujah. Well, look at that. Okay. I didn't had some notes in there. I didn't even know I was gonna uh Well, just tied it all together. Well, that's just for me. uh Acts 17:2 and 3 again as Paul as his manner was went in unto them and three Sabbaths day reason them without the scriptures. People say, "Oh, you shouldn't debate, brother Jesse. You shouldn't debate." Paul debated. It's just people are ignorant. They just don't. It's sad. They don't know the scripture. May God help them. May God help them. Opening and alleging that Christ must needs have suffered and risen again from the dead and that this Jesus whom I preach unto you is Christ. See, what do they miss? They miss the suffering part of it. Everybody loves the glory of the millennium. Everybody loves the glory of the new temple, the glory of the a man ruling a rod of iron over every nation. Everybody loves the glory of that, but it takes suffering before that. Now, there's four reasons we suffer at least. Let's review these. I preached on I preached these down to to the Junction City Saints there on Sunday. It's to the reason we suffer is to so we can judge ourselves. There's a spirit of judgment. 2 Timothy 2:12 and then Job 42:6 2 Timothy 2:12. Very good, huh? You're doing great. If we suffer, we shall also reign with him. If we deny him, he will also deny us. Okay? So suffering, we have to suffer in order to reign. But the first reason we suffer to reign is to see our judgment. The spirit of judgment has to come upon us. We have to judge. My I said some awful things. I did some awful things. I thought some awful things. I pulled some bad deals. I did some sinful things. We must have the Holy Spirit judge us. Not eternally, but in the current time. Hallelujah. Job 42:6. Here's where Job judges judges himself. Job 42:6. Now, after God come down, rebuke him, he didn't say, "Oh, what a great believer I am. I'm tops on on God's list." And he was. He was tops as the greatest man in heaven. But after God got done with him, he thought he was nothing. Church, that what God would do to you. Keep us humble. If not, you got the wrong spirit. You got a prideful spirit. He's the greatest man on earth to God. But God humbles him so he thinks he's lower than a snake's belly. Right? You've heard it said like that. He didn't think, "Oh boy, I'm so great. I passed the test. Oh, brother so and so, sister so and so, you really passed the test." Like, you know, we try to encourage each other here, you know? But when he saw his sins, he said, "I hate myself, my sin nature." Who doesn't hate their sin nature here tonight? I hope you don't. I mean, hope you I hope you hate your sin nature. I hope you don't love it. You're in trouble if you love your sin nature. But he realized, "Wow, I'm not." And remember, I gave I texted Brother Irvvin the verses where Job actually said, "I'm more just than God. I'm a better judge than God. I'm more fair than God." And Job even said, "I'm more righteous than God." Sound familiar to you? Yeah. Yeah, it's the message preachers that are calling themselves the greatest of all time right now. Sound familiar? They're greater. They're saying they're great, the greatest prophet, the greatest congregations. Message preachers today are calling themselves the greatest of all time. Where'd they get that? Uh they got it from uh they got it from Job before he actually knew why he was suffering. Yeah, that's right. That's a scripture. Let's read it. Then you got it. And then uh you know that it's uh right there in the scripture. There it is. Okay. Job 32:2. Hun. Job 32:2. Elahoo gets so mad at Job because he's glorifying himself. He's exalting himself. Remember, Job did great things. Uh he helped the widow. He helped the uh the fatherless. Uh he even made a vow never to lust after a woman, right? He was pure with his thoughts. What a man he was. He sacrificed for his children. He prayed for his children. Burned animal sacrifices in case his children uh would sin. He did sacrifices for his children. What a great man he was. He was a great man, but he was also a human like you and I. Job 32:2. Then was kindled the wrath of Elahu, the son of Berichel or Barelo, maybe I don't know. The buzzite of the kindred of ram against Job was his wrath kindled because he justified himself rather than God. Job said, "Why am I suffering? Why am I going through this? Something must be wrong with God." In fact, the opposite was true. Something was wrong with Job. Hallelujah. Because no man is greater than God. Can you like remember Simon brother preach it? Simon preach it to us. He said if this is all the remember Simon said of if this is all the knowledge in the world you don't even know that let alone a fourth or a half or three4s. Who wants to do a fraction lesson? I'm a school teacher. I could do a little bit of that. Not not too much. See we we hardly know anything, right? But Job's saying I'm greater I'm I'm a better judge at things than God is. That's why Job says I hate myself. I I hate I hate when I get in the flesh. And the church said, I hope you can say that with an honest heart. I do, too. I hate when I get in the flesh and make a mistake. I don't want to do that. But God allows us to do that so we'll be more humble. We'll have self judgment and recognize, wow, I'm really nothing. I can do nothing without Christ. Right. John 15:5. No, but we're not going to read that one. Uh Job 35:2. Thinkst thou this to be right, that thou saidest, my righteousness is more than God. He thought he was more right, brother Chris, than God was. He thought he could get things more right than God could. Well, I've already judged this. I already know what they're going to say. I already know what they think. I already know all this. I know what I know all about it. And Elahu says, "No, you don't." Remember Elahu said, "Can you go find the treasures of snow? I'd like you to bring some That's what No, I'm sorry. God told that to Job. Can you go find the treasures of snow and bring them out for us, Job? Where were you when I laid the foundations of the earth?" That means he wasn't there when he laid the foundations of the earth. That means that was angels and not not men, right? That stumbles people, but they just don't think about it very deeply. Job wasn't standing there. That was angels standing there. If Job was standing there, he would have said, "Yeah, I remember that. I was there. I was I was one of the sons of God. It was angels, church. It was angels." It's it's so hard sometimes for people to to grow in grace and knowledge of the Lord. He said, "My righteousness is more than God's." See, now think about that. He's going through trials. He's lost all of his family. Now, we can see why he might say stuff, right? Because he lost all his family. He made all those sacrifices. He'd been so diligent in his mind, you know, made all these uh good acts of giving to the poor, but when it came down to it, he got in the flesh. Maybe that maybe it was the boils that put him over the top. None of us have had boils like that. So, we can't even we can't even begin to understand what Job went through. Not even a little bit. Unless you're covered in boils, you lose all your hair, baldness, and boils on top of your head. I'm talking about boils on your head. No more hair, now boils, right? So, he suffered, but that's one reason you suffer. So, you'll you'll get a real realization of how sinful you really are, right? Your flesh, I'm talking about, and your mind can be sinful, too, because you're three parts. Another reason you suffer is to learn to obey the word of God, right? Just like even the Lord Jesus had to bring his flesh into subjection. Jesus never sinned, but he was tempted uh and he had to bring his physical body into subjection to the word. Hebrews 5'8 tells us that. Hebrews 5'8. Though he were a son, yet he learned he obedience by the things which he suffered. So all the name calling, right? all the crowds gathered around him, all the things that he went through, all all the all the questions and all the traps they were setting for him, he learned through all that, he learned to obey God. Yes. So why do you suffer? So you'll judge yourself sinful. Second, why do you suffer? You need to obey better. Third, why do you suffer? Suffer, sorry. So you can have greater fruitfulness. John 15:2A. John 15:2. See, when you suffer, you get humbled, and then you can serve God better. Hallelujah. Every branch in me that beareth not fruit, he taketh away, and every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit. None of us like to be cut, but God has to cut his children. And if we apply other scriptures, if he don't cut you, you're not a child of God. Because he said, "As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen." Every son, in Hebrews 12, every son and daughter must be chasened. Hallelujah. must be trained. Hallelujah. Right, Lydia and Malachi. You case, you see it at the orchard, right? You trim them up. They're trimming them up now. You've seen it for how many years? They come back even greater. We've seen it at our house, right? Trimmed up our blueberries. Now they're all over the place. Just got to make sure those animals don't get them. Huh? See, you'll be more fruitful after you suffer. You'll come back and want to give God more of your time, more of your love. Hallelujah. or as a parent, if you make a mistake and you suffer, you go through suffering, that'll make you be more diligent with the next child. Hallelujah. Parents should say amen on that one. Amen, brother Jess. I'm saying amen, too. James 5:11. Another reason you suffer is to be a testimony to others. Behold, we count them happy which endure. Ye've heard of the patience of Job, and have seen the end of the Lord, that the Lord is very pitiful, and of tender mercy. Now, the two examples I gave, you know, my dad left me when I I think I was 12. So, my dad divorced my wife or or my mom, sorry, dad divorced mom. And so, I can minister, I can relate to people that have had divorces in their lives because I've suffered through that. I've I've felt where I felt alone like I wish daddy would come home. Where's my dad? Where's daddy? I've I've suffered through that. Right? So, because I've I've done that, now I can relate to somebody like that. Now, another thing I brought, now this is a little different angle, but when I was a sinner, I really got into really evil magazines and pictures and movies. I'm just being very general, but I had to suffer to overcome that. And church, last summer, I preached at three different churches on pornography. And I saw probably Malachi was there. I probably saw 15, 20 men, maybe more. I'm trying not to be over try not to over exaggerate. We saw grown men fall on the ground weeping and crying and trying to overcome pornography. They never could have heard me preach on that if I had not suffered through it first. And the church said, "So see even in your weaknesses, even the things you battle, you know, as you're grow trying to become a Christian, even that as all ordained by God, so you can minister to somebody else." Praise God. Amen. So all the harsh events of my life or the the tragedies or even my mistakes, my sinful desires, my suffering, trying to overcome things, even through all that, it can all be channeled to give God glory. Hallelujah. And church, God is so faithful. He'll bring people to you that need that you need to testify to. Right? You I could have went there. I could have thought, well, there's all these men in here. And you know what the thought came to me? It was last year. The thought came to me like, "How come all these men never say amen? How come they never shout? How come they never do any? They never get in the service. They don't pray before service. They don't pray after service. They It's because they're addicted to their phones. They're addicted to pornography. They're giving their love to Delilah. They're they're giving their heart to pornography. They're giving God their strength. They come to church, but they don't get nothing out of it because they're already they're already filled with all the the love of the world. They're making love to the world. They're flirting with the world. They're feasting from the world's table so they're not hungry from God's table. Hallelujah. And that struck me in that month. It struck me in that month when I had those three invitations. And God vindicated it. And church, it did so well. One of the guys confessed his porn. And then he even went back and said, "I stole thousands of dollars from my dad." And I said, "You go tell your dad right now." And he did. And the next day he was dancing when I preached on dancing for the Lord. Glory. Amen. He was the only one dancing the church other than me. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. Because when you got the victory, you got to let it out. Praise God. Hallelujah. It's either a season of mourning or dancing. Well, it's my season of dance. And if I have nothing to mourn over, it's my time to dance and praise the Lord. Because God looks down and said, "That's a man. That's a daughter after my own heart." Praise God. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Glory. So, see, you you think, why am I struggling with this sin? Why am I boundless? You're suffering through it so you can be a help to somebody else. Hallelujah. Now, I'm sure I could think of more, but those are just two from Sunday. I'm about 40 minutes. Everybody still with me by God's grace? I know you appreciate you. Okay, let's move on. I'm going to now here. This is the main thought, but I thought, well, I got to finish up that other thought before I get to the next thought. Okay, so so this is the fifth example of burning. And we read it. David. David, a man after of God's own heart. Now, how many think that's the best show they've ever seen? Oh, you don't have to raise your hands. I'm talking about David Sight and Sound. That's my favorite movie of all time. Nobody can beat that. By God's grace, unless they come out with David part two. Psalm 39. Let's go there. By God's grace. Psalm 39. I'm having a good time tonight. Praise God. I'm happy in the Lord. Praise God. See what God is doing around us and who's been so faithful to us. Praise God. Psalm 39. And church, the joy of the Lord is your strength. You want to be stronger, get happy in Jesus. Sing to Jesus. Worship Jesus. Love Jesus. Psalm 39. So, the spirit of God puts you into service. The spirit of God keeps you from quitting your service. The spirit of God dissolves all your doubts about your service. And let's see what the spirit of burning here does to David here. Now, there's proof that this is a desperate cry from David. And it seems like there's proof this was even before he was king. This seems to be during the time he was running from Saul. So, everybody picture that. Imagine your father-in-law or your mother-in-law chasing you down to kill you. Now, some it might be more real than others. Okay? If that's the case, then I'm very sorry. It's time to pray. Hallelujah. And I I forget how many years it was. I forget if he ran maybe seven or 13 years. I can't remember the exact number, but he ran for years trying to just spare his life. So chapter 39 verse one. Now in here we should see the two spirits talking about justification and sanctification. The spirit of judgment is a spirit of justification. Right? You got to get just before God. You can't get just before God until you say, "God, I'm guilty of sin." And tell God, "I'm guilty of this sin. I can't overcome it except by your power. I have no power myself." I mean, how can I overcome? I can't overcome unless you give me your power. And then greater is he that's in me than he that's in the world. Hallelujah. But you don't get that until you first admit you're a sinner or you made mistakes. Now, you're a saint, too. You're a king and priest of God. I'm saying I'm talking about your flesh. Your flesh has the sinful nature, right? I'm not trying to make you say, "I'm a sinner. Leave this place. I'm a s." No, you're a saint. Praise God. But you've got to battle that sin nature. You got to admit you've fallen to the sin nature. Probably every day. Abraham says, "Every day, then other times he says, you know, you can live so close to God, Satan doesn't know what to do with you." Hallelujah. Now, there's proof. Verses 1 and two, we see the spirit of judgment. Look what David says in 1 and two. Then we'll go down to verse 11 and 13. 11, 12, 13. So verses one and two, I said I will take heed to my ways. Notice I'm really going to watch my ways here. That I sin not with my tongue. So that mean that that must mean before he was saying some sinful things. Now church, we all do it when we complain, right? Whenever we complain and talk about how hard things is, how bad we got it, why don't God show up, that's a sin. It's idol words, right? And we're all guilty, right? So we just have to repent. Now look what you can tell. He's admitting, "I sin with my mouth." A lot of us sin with our thumbs, right? Or sin with our voice speaking to our phone. But we we're just we're sinners in the in the in the flesh. So we need the grace of God every day. Okay? I will keep my mouth with a bridal while the wicked is before me. Now look, look at the zeal in him now. He's like, I'm going to hold my sin. I'm going to keep this thing chained up. It's Well, you know about dogs. Of course, if anybody knows about dogs, keeping a real mad dog chained up like I'm going to bridle this. I'm going to keep him on the leash, right? He ain't getting off this leash or she or whatever. That's what David said. I'm going to watch my tongue so I don't say sinful things again. I'm really determined not to say something sinful today. Sound like he knew he was sinning with his mouth. So God had to show him he was wrong with some of his words. Verse two, I was done with silence. So he had to just get totally silent. Christian, that's what we need sometimes. just a quiet stop talking right stop talking that remember that's what me told brother Brandham she said Bill you're talking too much shame on you don't don't say things like that remember he had a nine day a nine-day sinus infection his temperature was 105 for nine days brother Brandham and then by the end of that every preacher had prayed for him come by and he never got well and so he goes to ma ma come here maybe God never called me to preach maybe I shouldn't be preaching and she said close your mouth bill don't you're saying foolish things and brother said it kind of rebuked me a little And I liked it. Hallelujah. Praise God. She and she said just something along the lines of just just be quiet. Just keep quiet. So David had to learn the same thing. Stop talking about all the negative. Just keep quiet. Just trust in God. Hallelujah. That's for me. That's for everybody here. Hallelujah. Sometimes it's better just not to talk. Right? I tell those first graders all the time that say if you have nothing good to say, don't say nothing at all. Right? And I'm preaching to myself. Oh, there's my 45 minutes. Okay, that's for only 45. That was an hour. That was 45. I know you I know you be patient with the word. Verse two. I was done with silence. I held my peace even from good and my sorrow was stirred. Now go down to verse 11. Now verse 11, 12,3 again shows uh how he knew he was wrong and he was really trying to overcome his sin that he battled. when thou rebukest correct man for iniquity. So he's talking about himself. Thou makest his beauty to consume away like a a moth. Surely every man is vanity. Say and how many know David is included in every man. And the church said he didn't say every man but me. He said every man is full of vanity and every man has iniquity. Hallelujah. Now the remember I I preached that to that sermon to you last last winter. Uh the Bible says we must depart from iniquity. Let him that nameth the name of Christ, how many raise your hand if you're nameing the name of Jesus. You you live for Jesus. Okay. The Bible said if you name the name of Christ, depart from your iniquity. That means you're going to have iniquity. That means you're going to have to have some sin that you actively walk away from and you're going to stop giving into that sin. David said the same thing. Every man that battles iniquity. Verse 12, hear my prayers. This is a prayer, a song that I'm sorry, a prayer that turned into a song. Glory. Oh Lord, hear my prayer, oh Lord, and give ear unto my cry. Hold not thy peace at my tears. He's crying while he's singing this. In other words, he is so ashamed. How did I say that right by my wife? I said that right by my husband. I said that right in public. And I said that online. That's for me. I said that in the sermon on accident. And it meant so it was so hurt him. He was crying about this. Oh God, I'm really going to watch my words tonight. I'm really not I'm just not going to say anything because I've said such foolish things at times. Now, when were you and I that serious about our words? See, it just shows we need a renewal, right? We need the Holy Spirit to renew everything. Doesn't he make all things new? Praise God. Any man that's in Christ, isn't he a new creature? Old things have passed away. Behold, all things become. We're probably singing all things become new. Verse 13. No, I'm sorry. I didn't finish 12. Peace at my tears, for I am a stranger with thee and a sojourer as all my fathers are. In other words, I'm no better than anybody. I'm just like all the other men that are sojouring on this earth looking for a city whose builder and maker's God. Hallelujah. Amen. That's what we're looking for. Amen. We're looking for the future home. Praise God. We're looking for the millennium first and then we're looking for the new Jerusalem. Praise God. Brother Ram said it's always just right up. Look up. That's where it is. That's the home you're looking for. It's up. Brother said, "Where's my portion?" The Holy Spirit said, "Look up. Your portion's in heaven. Not some big university, not some big building. Your portion's in heaven." How many glad your portion is in heaven? I'd rather have it in heaven than here on the earth where moth will and thieves will break through and destroy. I'd rather have it in heaven. Praise God. I'd rather take the way with the Lord's despised few. Hallelujah. Glory. What a joy. Verse 13. Oh, spare me. Now look, spare me. So that means, look at this. So spare me that I may recover my strength before I go hence and be no more. So that means the spirit of God. Now the word spare means to look at closely with your face. If you look it up in the the the Hebrew. So in other words, David David's like, God is he's he's looking right at me telling me I've got sin. I'm just like every other man. He said, 'Oh, spare me that I may recover strength. So, he's weakened. He sinned with his mouth and he's weak. He said, "I'm not strong like I used to be." He said, "Spare me. Uh, the spirit of judgment is upon me." Hallelujah. Look it up. It's right there. He says, "Before I go hence and be no more." In other words, God, God, let the judgment pass from me before it's my time to die. Now, church, there's clues in here. This was before he was king because after he was king, he wrote uh he wrote Psalm 51. No, I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah. After he was king uh and married Basheba, that firstborn died. But what did he say then? He said, "I I I'm sorry. He won't come to me. I will go to him." Now, here he says, "I'll be no more." So, look, he grew over the course of his life. He realized if I die, I'm really not dead. I just changed location. Hallelujah. Right here. He's worried. I'll be no more. I lose everything on this earth and I lose everything and uh all my life is gone. I'm just like my my fathers and I leave my riches to somebody else. He's all worried about the natural things. But by by the time he's a king over all Israel, he realizes this is all going to stay here. I'm going to a greater reward. I'm going to meet God. Hallelujah. But here he's worried about I'll be no more. I'm going to lose the rest of my life. I won't be here on the earth. Big deal. Oh, you're with Jesus. Hallelujah. Big deal. Oh, you miss out on all the back pain. Well, you don't know about that unless you're 44 like me. Hallelujah. Or the shoulder pain and all the old injuries from sports. See, David's saying, "Oh, spare me, God, that I'm so weak right now. Your your presence is your your spirit of judgment is upon me so harshly. restore my strength before I go and before I'm no more, before my life is over. So, can everybody see the spirit of judgment was upon him? He recognized I'm I work iniquity. I say evil words. I sin with my mouth. Can everybody see that? Now, the spirit of burning is in verse three. My heart was hot within me. While I was musing, that's meditating. The fire burned. Then spake I with my tongue. So David has realized I I constantly say sinful things. Oh God have mercy on us. Amen. Hallelujah. God have mercy on us. I'm talking about me. I'm talking about in our own lives. We say things we shouldn't say. At least David could admit it. And the church said at least he couldn't admit it because he had the spirit of God on him. We should be able to admit it as well. Sometimes we say sinful things. And so he said once he repents of that and he he he really watches his mouth. He said the spirit of God started burning in him. glory. As he meditated upon God's word, the spirit of God started burning and now he's ready to talk. That's how I feel on many a Wednesday night and a Sunday morning. I can't get wait to get out there and preach what the Lord's put on my heart. Amen. It just be like it's burning in there. Just can't wait to share it. Look, what does he say now? As the fires on him, what does he say? Verse four. Lord, make me to know mine end and the measure of my days what it is that I might know how frail I am. Not how great I am, how frail I am. So the spirit of God had caused him to repent. And he's like, I don't want to sin like I've been doing. And so the spirit of God gets on him and said, God, how much longer do I have to serve you? Do I got 40 more years? That's what I asked the Lord. Lord, do I have 40 more years to preach? Will I live that long? What have I got left? The spirit of God moves on him and he's been being chased around by his father-in-law and narrowly escaped death so many times. He's sinning. He's saying all these sinful words. He said, "Oh God, I want to know how much time do I have left." That's what the spirit of God will do. It'll make you glory. It'll make you redeem the time because the days are evil. Praise God. And guess what? The evil is often your and my own sin. That's the evil of our days. We put ourselves, we say the wrong thing, do the wrong thing. We put ourselves in troubles, troublesome situations because of our own sin, snares of the devil that we walk right into sometimes. We know, we know it's wrong, we know we shouldn't do it. We still do it sometimes. We walked right into the snare of the devil. But what does the spirit of God say? Lord, make me to know my end. What's going to be my end? I've been chased. I've been being chased for all these years. What's going to be my end? How long will I live? What's the measure of my days? Am I going to live till I'm 70? Or if I'm if I'm strong, brother Austin, I'll get to 80. Well, I'm over halfway there, so I better enjoy it. Sometimes I joke around with my children, but it's a reality. I got maybe less less of my I have half less than half of my life left. I don't have much time, right? But when we think about that and in in a positive way to serve the Lord, it's a good thing. Praise God. It restores our strength. It's the spirit of God saying, "Lord, how much time do I have left? God, help me to redeem the time. Help me to do what I'm supposed to do." Praise God. Help me not to sin with my lips. That's right. Help me to know how frail I am, church. That will keep you on your knees. You make a few mistakes and do some really embarrassing sins, that will help you get on your knees every day and say, "God, give me grace today. Help me not to fall short. Look at it. This is a man after whose heart? God's own heart. Hallelujah. A man after God's own heart. Give me a burning sensation so I will be careful what I say. Give me a burning sensation so I can have an idea how frail I am, how weak I am, how easily tricked I am into sin. How easily we just give into little jokes and little stories, not even realizing we grieve the Holy Ghost till later. Like I told you this story. I had one person it was what? Last year last year I had one person uh was disappointed in me and they came right to my face and said I promise you I will not tell anybody about this that I'm disappointed in you and I and of course I believed I was innocent. That person went that same very same day that person told me that they went off walking and came talking with somebody at a park someone else who didn't like me. And that person lured the person in to gossiping about me. And how do I know? Because the person called me up and repented and told me the whole story. Church, we can be like that. I'm leaving here. I'm never doing that again. And and then within a few hours, we give into it was only three hours, maybe less, maybe two hours. I won't do that again. I'm I'm determined. I I promise. And we go back and lie right through our teeth. Now, I appreciate the spirit of God that brought the the repentance, don't you? Hallelujah. But that's the point I'm making. We're so easily so easily somebody just has to bring it up again and then we forget about the promises we made or forget about the pledge we made or oh, I'll try to do better. You forget all about that. That's why God gives us grace. Hallelujah. That's why God gives us mercy. So when the fire of God's on you, you'll say, "God, help me to know. Am I bride or am I foolish virgin? Am I going to go in the rapture or am I going to the grave?" There's nothing wrong with wondering that. The spirit of God makes you wonder that. Huh? Yeah, that's right. The spirit of God. And Lord, help me to see how frail I am. Help, show me how weak I am in the flesh so I can strengthen my spirit so I don't fall again into that same sin. Does everybody understand that? Verse five, behold, thou hast made my days as a hand breath. Remember hand breath, elbow to the middle finger. My days are like this. Well, if I'm 44 and I start right here, I'm already a little past halfway. I'm getting towards the end, church. I know I always joke around about that, but that's the truth. And mine age is as nothing before thee. So here he says now he know recognize he's in eternity. Verily, every man at his best day is altogether vanity. Malc and I have been going to the gym. We walk past those big uh those big posters of Arnold Schwarzenegger and those old ladies are tapping at his muscles like that's really big. Look at him now. Yeah, he might have a little bit but he's nothing like he was. He's all all thinned up and everything. It's all together. And what did it get him? He committed adultery against his wife. His wife left him. His first wife left him with a nanny. He committed adultery with a nanny. Where's that get you? Where's that money and all that fame and muscle? Where did that get you? On the road to hell. Because the Bible said the adulterous woman will take a man to the roads of hell. Leads him to hell. I hope he repents. But all every man, no matter how great you are, no matter how great they have muscles and all money they got, it's altogether vain. The only thing that matters, as Solomon said, is fear the Lord and keep his commands. Hallelujah. Now I'm spitting. Forgive me. That's right, church. That's right. Surely they are disqu I'm sorry, disqued in vain. Verse six, he heth up riches and knoweth not who shall gather them. Then they're worried about who's going to get my uh who's going to get my inheritance? Who how's it going to happen? Like that even matters. Is your soul ready for heaven? That's the question. Surely I'm sorry. I already read that. Verse seven. And now Lord, what uh what wait I for? My hope is in thee. So the spirit of God is on him saying, "God, I can only hope in you. I can't hope in riches. I've got to watch my tongue." Hallelujah. Help me to know what's my end going to be. What's the end of my life going to be? You know that one preacher I told you who died and his uh uh his grandson was crying about it. That man told me, no, I'm sorry. It was that man's uh wife told me that he had said, "I don't want to suffer when I die. I just want to go quickly." And God even answered that prayer because he had a heart attack. He didn't feel nothing and then he didn't respond. They lifellighted him to the hospital and he never responded after that. So even in that little thing he wanted he wanted to know his end. He asked for his end to come out a certain way and God even honored that. Talk about the love of God. The love of God. Verse eight. Deliver me from all my transgressions. And the church said, "Deliver me from myself." Hallelujah. Deliver me from my own worst enemy, myself. Yourself. Make me not the reproach of the foolish. Help. In other words, help me not to sin and say evil things around foolish people that will then make fun of me and mock me and then they'll they'll basically bring reproach upon Christ. There's my hour. I'm almost done. Just can't get away from that hour sermon. Just can't get away from it. Verse nine. I was dumb. I open not my mouth because thou did it. Amen. So see, God intervenes. When that burning fire of the Holy Ghost is on you, it'll intervene and keep you from sinning. That's right, church. Verse 10, remove thy stroke away from me. I am consumed by the blow of thine hand. So he even considers it God's chastening. God is giving him a we'd say a spanking because of his what? His words, right? his iniquity, his evil words. So, see, you get the spirit of judgment first. Judge yourself. Have you been sinning? Well, admit it, confess it, and then the Holy Ghost will come on you. You'll try to do better next time. And you will do better. Hallelujah. You will because it's God delivering you. It's God becoming your hope and your strength. Hallelujah. My hope is in Christ. Verse 11. When thou with rebukes dust correct man for his iniquity, thou makest his beauty to consume away like a moth. Surely every man is v in vanity. Sa. So meditate on that, right? Say meditate on that. Hear my prayer, oh Lord, and give ear unto my cry. Hold not thy peace at my tears. Hallelujah. For I am a stranger with thee and a sojourer as all my fathers were. Oh, spare me that I may recover strength before I go hence and be no more. Now, church, I could make a I could make an argument. He was strong. You know why I say that? Because he was watching what came out of his mouth. That's when you and I are strong. When we're trying not to sin, we're just not walking around say, "Well, it's okay. I can do this. I can say that. I can do whatever I want." No. But when you're when you're weak, glory, when you're weak, then you're strong. Hallelujah. See that? But he felt weak because of the the the judgment of God upon him, the burning of God upon him. Hallelujah. He said, "God, I feel weak. God, make me strong. My hope is in you, Jesus." Hallelujah. Oh, that's the only hope we got tonight, church. The only hope you brothers got to overcome the the the pleasure of this world. The only hope you brothers got is Jesus. That's it. Hallelujah. Sisters, the temptations you battle, the only hope you have is Jesus Christ. That's the only way you're going to overcome. He's the only hope you have. Praise God. To be honest before him, confess your sins. Let the spirit of judgment anoint you. Confess your sins to God. You don't have to tell me. Confess it to Jesus. Hallelujah. And then the spirit of God will come upon you and burn up any desires, make you clean. And in this case, hallelujah. What does the Holy Ghost do for Isaiah? Burning put him into service. Jeremiah, the burning kept him from quitting his service. Cleopus and his friend. The burning dissolved his their doubts about their service. And with David, he had the burning to know and understand the length of his service. God was going to show him how long a life he lived. Hallelujah. That was his question. How much time do I got? What's the measure of my days, Lord? What's going to be the end? How's it all going to turn out? And the Holy Ghost and fire burnt in his heart and said, "Deliverance comes from God. My hope is in God." See, once you have God as your hope, it doesn't matter what the ending is because you already got the you already got the answer. Amen. Hallelujah. You've already got Christ, the living hope. Hallelujah. He's our peace. He's our hope. He's our victory. He's our life. He's everything. Praise God. Let's stand to our feet. Musicians can come.
