################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-26 - (6-25-25) The Abandoned Temple - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-26
Title:   (6-25-25) The Abandoned Temple - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMtDuXkM_jE
========================================

2 Chronicles 28 verse 24. Then uh girls perhaps do some reading tonight for me. See how that goes by the grace of God. 2 Chronicles 28:24. So, this is a little topic I'm going to call uh the abandoned temple. I put out a video about this last week, but I never really preached it. But the abandoned temple. So, this is in the Old Testament where we see the house of God was totally shut and closed and it was completely abandoned. 2 Chronicles 28:24. Hallelujah. So, let's read this one if we can. On three. One, two, three. And Ahaz gathered together the vessels of the house of God and cut in pieces the vessels of the house of God and shut up the doors of the house of the Lord and he made him altars in every corner of Jerusalem. Let's have a word of prayer. Let's bow our heads here tonight. Father God, we're thankful for the word of God here tonight. Thankful for the songs we can sing. Thank you, Jesus. You dropped the charges. Lord, you forgave all of our sins. Lord, if we truly confess, then you truly forgave each and every sin. We're thankful for that by the grace of God. Lord, we look to the Holy Spirit here tonight. Lord, I just kind of felt an uncction to preach this here. I trust it to be a blessing to your people. And so, Father, help us here, Lord, for the glory of God's sake, God. Let your spirit minister to the needs of your people. And Lord, uh may we never abandon you, Lord God. Hallelujah. May we stay with you, Lord God, through thick and thin, we'd say, through the fiery trials of life, as the scripture tells us, Lord God. The test of faith, Lord God. the temptations, the trials, Lord, that we go through, Lord, when we're surrounded by fears within and fears without, as Paul said. Lord, may we stay with you, stay with your word. May we not abandon you, but Lord, may we run to you, Lord. And we know you'll never abandon us, Lord. For you said you would never leave us nor forsake us. So, Father, we give you all the glory tonight. Help me, Lord, and help your people by the Holy Ghost. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. And the saint said, "Amen." God bless you as you're being seated. Praise God. So, we want to look at this here tonight. Trust us to be a little simple Bible study here. And we'll ask the children here to help us out. I think most of us are pretty familiar with the scriptures that tell us about uh going to church. But if not, let's read a couple. So, let's get uh uh nature. You want to get uh Luke 4:16. And then Caris, you want to get Hebrews 10:24 and 25. Victoria, let's see. What's the other one I was thinking of? Oh, yeah. Victoria, Acts 20 verse 7. So, we look at uh three portions of scripture that clearly show us we should uh gather more together as we see that day approaching. Brother Chris, yeah, that's the title for today. I'm just going to do a little Bible study on the abandoned temple uh to show just a type of the temple being abandoned the Old Testament and then it kind of represents how people abandon the house of God today. God bless you, Sarah. Good to see you. All right, so we'll start here just with the foundation of how we should gather more and assemble in church more as we see that day approaching. Here's what the video looked like I put out last week. That was the cover for it. I don't know. Did anybody see that by God's grace? Anybody watch that? All right. Good. Well, that's all right. Yeah. Amen. Then I can preach it. If you are nobody saw, then I can preach it. I kind of felt led to look at this one here tonight. uh some nature. Uh Luke 4:16, Jesus, in this verse, Jesus always attended the synagogue. Now, the synagogue was like a little church that they would go to to hear the law of Moses uh when they couldn't make it to the temple, and they would gather there weekly. Three times a year, they had to go to the temple, uh especially the males, especially in the Old Testament. But when they didn't go to the the the temple or the tabernacle of Moses back in the days of Moses, they'd go to the synagogue. Uh, so nature, you want to read that? Luke 4:16. Amen. So Jesus's custom or his habit or his religious tradition which was godly was to go to the synagogue and then they would read the law of Moses. So Jesus always went to church. You know why he went to church? because his father asked him to go to church and he was a fully obedient son. Hallelujah. So if you'd have been alive during the days of Jesus and it was Saturday, where was Jesus? He was in the synagogue. Hallelujah. And remember even when traveling on the Sabbath when after he leave the synagogue, remember sometimes he'd walk through the fields and they'd pick corn. So sometimes they have to eat, they would didn't have food, so have to pick corn. And the Pharisees, they found something wrong with that, right? They they they were always trying to find something wrong with him. But they couldn't find it wrong that he went to church. He was always in church. Hallelujah. He was never accused of skipping church. Hallelujah. So Hebrews 10:24 and 25. Uh Caris Amen. So, the Bible says, "Gather more as we see that day approaching." Praise God. Now, we know we're not to gather every single day. Now, we might have to once once the squeeze hits or once the rapture gets near, we might have to do that. Uh but it just means keep this constant gathering together, right? Uh gathering in homes and gathering in the church. And the Bible said when you do that, you provoke one another. Right? Austin and I met yesterday. I felt like a better Christian after we met, brother. I don't know about you, but I felt I felt closer to God. I had a better day today because we met yesterday. Right? Hallelujah. Uh the Bible said when you do that, you provoke. And we use that Old Testament scripture that iron sharpens iron. Right? We get closer to God when we meet together with sincere hearts. As long as our hearts are sincere, we get closer to God every time we gather together. Hallelujah. And exhort means to build up. The Bible said you exhort one another. So you build each other up. That's why we're not to condemn each other. Now if we if somebody sinned against us, you go to them and say, "Brother or sister, you sin against me." But even in that, if as long as they repent, you're actually building each other up, right? You're making things right. You're becoming closer to God, walking closer with God. And so that's what we do. We we come together, we provoke each other, we sharpen each other, and we actually build each other up. Praise God. All right. So, Victoria, Acts 20:7 says that the Paul Paul gathered with the saints and disciples on the first day of the week, which was Sunday. So, you want to read that, uh, Victoria? All right. And he preached till midnight, right? So, uh, Paul gives us the example, we go to church on Sunday, and it's nice. We get a special gathering on Wednesday, right? We don't see that in the Bible, but the Bible doesn't say they worshiped on Wednesday, uh, but we get an extra day to worship the Lord, right? So, that's a blessing for us by God's grace. Now, uh, I want to get to this thought on the abandoned temple, but remember, everything in the Old Testament was written for our learning. So Malachi, you want to read that? 1 Corinthians 10:11. And then I'm going to find another one, brother Austin, for you. I think I can find it in 2 Timothy if I'm not mistaken. Malachi, when you're ready, uh 1 Corinthians 10 and it's uh 11. Amen. So Paul's talking about the Old Testament in Israel. They were all written for our examples and our admonition. So our edification, right? Our building up all. So we must learn from the good examples from the Old Testament and we must learn from the bad examples from the Old Testament. Okay. Now let me look. I'm trying to find that all scripture was uh give was God breathed. And that might be in second Timothy. Um, I'm just kind of going off my uh memory. Yeah, there is. Okay, brother Austin, can you can you read 2 Timothy 3 uh 15 and 16? 2 Timothy 3 15 and 16. Allure given by inspiration for Amen. Can you read 17 as well, brother? That's a good one, too. The man of God may be perfectly furnished. Amen. Thank you, brother. Praise God. So, two, there's two witnesses. Paul wrote both these, but Paul's saying every single thing in the Old Testament was written, it was inspired by God, right? It was all inspired by God. And this, if we just read the Old Testament, it'll make us wise to salvation. So, you'll get closer. You'll get closer and closer. If you're not saved yet, you'll get closer and closer to being saved. Hallelujah. The more you're in the Old Testament and the New Testament. You got to learn from both. Praise God. It's all it's all good for doctrine, which is instruction for reproof, correction, and how to be more righteous, instruction, and righteousness that you may be perfect or mature. Okay. Now, a few weeks ago, I was I was making a script for a video about u some of the sins coming out of Brandom Tabernacle, which is which is run by Brother Ram's youngest son. And I've reached out to him numerous times to try to help him. But I was I was just I was just writing down at my computer. I was like, "Yeah, that's right. They don't go to church." And I felt like a voice inside of me say I felt like it said, "Where did that ever happen before in the Bible?" And it was just one of those strange moments, one of those God moments. I'm like, so I got out Chat GTP and I said, I said, 'Chat GTP, was there ever a time in the Bible when they closed the temple? And it said, 'Yes, during the days of King Ahaz. I'm like, oh, I'd forgotten about that. I preached that way at the beginning of my ministry 20 years ago, I was preaching that about Hezekiah uh came after Ahaz. And so I started studying it. And as I studied it, I saw all these similarities uh to what Ahaz did to what current bride tabernacle is doing right now. Mhm. And so I thought that, wow, that was such a striking thought to me. I felt it was the Holy Spirit because what would the Holy Spirit always do, church? It'll direct us to the word of God. It'll guide us to all truth. Well, what is truth? Thy word is truth. John 17:1 17 says that sanctify them through thy truth. Thy word is truth. Hallelujah. Okay, so um this is a picture of Solomon's temple if I'm not mistaken. It could be the temple of Herod as well. But we get the idea here uh about Solomon's temple. This is the court of the women. And then you had the outer court. And then in here was the holy place and the holiest of holies. So this is where women could come. Jewish women, Gentiles had to stay. This is the court of the Gentiles outside. But the women, the Jewish women and men could come in here. Sacrifices were made in this court. And then the holiest and the holiest of holies in there. And it was abandoned uh in the 8th century BC. So about uh 700 to 800 years before Christ, it got abandoned by one of the kings, King Ahaz. And now, as I said, current this one is abandoned, except they do a silent prayer meeting on Wednesday night. So they're meeting there tonight, but no singing and no praying out loud. They just go there like quiet little mice, I guess, something like that. It's open on Wednesday night only for for prayer meeting, but there's no singing. Uh there's no out loud prayer. It's silent. It's like a museum, right? No, they canceled them. And then uh they built this addition many millions of dollars a few years ago because they had a thousand people in their congregation. And this is sat empty for at least two or three years because the the pastor doesn't feel led to open the church. Now, we just read all those verses. Based upon those verses we r we read children what do you think should we feel led to gather more as we see that day approaching? Yes. So the spirit of God is leading us to gather more. So what spirit is leading this church to not gather and they haven't gathered for five years. They shut this down in well no that's why they were meeting here in March of 2020 because of COVID. They shut that down and ha even though it's all finished they have not opened it back up yet. So, what spirit is leading them to not gather more as we see that day approaching when the Bible tells us to gather more? Does everybody see what we're talking about? Like, it's so simple, right? It's it's either one or the other. It's either the right spirit or the wrong spirit. The It's the wrong spirit. The wrong spirit tells you not to gather more as you see that day approaching. Remember, we preached on that series of isolation a few years ago. The devil always wants to isolate you away from other believers because those are the ones that are going to sharpen you and make you more like Christ. And Satan doesn't want you to get better as a Christian. Satan wants you to get worse. Want you he wants you to try to quit and he wants you to abandon the people of God. It's just like years ago. I don't know if you remember that video Malachi and Lydia. I show that video where a wolf came in and started attacking a bunch of sheep. You remember that? And what did the wolf do? The wolf will run around until one of them gets away from all the others. And then the wolf will jump on the one that's uh that's uh separated and isolated from everybody else. Well, that's what Satan does, right? Satan will wait till somebody's isolated and then they'll uh then he'll attack them and of course try to take all their spiritual life, you know, because it's not a natural thing. It's a spiritual thing. But that's what Satan likes to do. And then the people abandon the the the people that are in their snares, they abandon the church. They abandon the house of God oftentimes physically. Hallelujah. All right. Now, that's what it currently looks like. Last summer, we out there. Uh, Victoria and Caris and I were out there. I took a picture. I don't think I can zoom in, can I? No, I guess I No, I can't do that. Okay, it's not showing what I was what I'm seeing. So, I mean, they got a beautiful playground. Man, I mean, there's over five I think there's over 300 or 400 uh spaces for cars to park in the beautiful brand new paved parking lot and nobody uses it. I thought abandoned. Has that ever happened before in the Bible? Yes, it has. Amen. So, uh, here's a list of the kings. I know you can't see it, but I can get this if you want to copy, but Ahaz is down here. I'll zoom in later. So, he was the 3, four, five, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12. The 12th king uh after Solomon in Judah, because remember after Solomon died, uh, Israel was divided into two parts, right? Northern Israel and Judah was the southern part. Okay? So the northern the northern kings never had one good king, right? But Judah had numerous good kings, okay? Like Asa, Jehoshaphat, Joash, I'm no, I'm sorry. They were in between. Uh Hezekiah, and Josiah, they had a few good kings in Judah, but not many. Okay. And so Ahaz is right here. And notice they got not so good, not so good. Well, some bad ones. Wow. There's a long time between a good one and another good one between Jehoshaphat and Hezekiah. There's a lot of not good and in between ones. But that's where Ahaz Now we come to days of Ahaz. Now notice it's been a long time since they've had a good king. So what does that mean? They've had a lot of years of lukewarmness where their sins weren't being confessed. Hallelujah. All right. And so uh here's just a summary. He was the evil king who reigned during the 8th century. So about 700 years before Christ, he was king of Judah. He was the only son of King Jotham and the father of Hezekiah. His reign is described in several places in the Old Testament. He's especially known for idolatry, making alliance with Assyria, and desecrating the temple of the Lord. And here's the key verses. Okay, now if you got your Bibles, let's all turn there. Everybody got their Bible? Let's all go to second uh Kings 16. Then we can read some of these. I think it's virtue's turn. a virtue. Can you get 2 Kings 16? Everybody else, you can go there. But if you want to go to 2 Chronicles 28, you can do that, too. So, 2 Kings 16, Kings, Kings, Chronicles, and Chronicles. 2 Kings 16 1-4. All right. Uh, virtue, how you doing? Second Kings 16:1. I'll start reading and then you can pick up when I get there. So, verse one. In the 17th year of Pika, I'm not sure if I say that right. The son of Remaliah, Ahaz, the son of Jotham, king of Judah, began to reign. 20 years old was Ahaz when he began to reign. And he reigned 16 years in Jerusalem and did not that which was right in the sight of the Lord his God like David his father. We've been looking at David, right? Was David perfect? Not by any means. But did he want a perfect heart with God? Yes. Okay. Uh verse three, Richard, you got it. Okay. heathen for whom? All right. Very good. So, he he had one of his sons aborted, we'd say today. That's the equivalent for today. But he had one of his sons burned in the fires to a false god. That's how much he was into false gods, right? And then verse four, and he sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places and on the hills and under every green tree. So that was an abomination. God hated when he gave up his son to the gods. Right? God hates when anyone mistreats a child, right? Didn't Jesus say it'd be better that a millstone was hung around your neck and tossed in the sea than to offend one of these children? Right? So God hates it when people mistreat children or take their lives. Okay? And so then he made every he shut the doors of the temple, but he made every uh tree and all the all the trees in the land. He made them basically places for idol worship and for uh basically God's name to be defiled, we'd say. Okay. Now, let's go to 2 Chronicles 28 verse 1-4. Brother Chris, can you get that, brother? 2 Chronicles 28. And could you read uh 1-4, brother? Would that be all right? Yes, sir. 2 Chronicles 28. Take your time there, brother. Uh, while he's getting there, I'm going to read verse uh 19. Now, look at the moral look at the moral depravity of this king. For the Lord brought Judah low because of Ahaz, king of Israel. For he made Judah naked. Sound like uh they struggle with modesty in those days, right? Like we got a lot of half- naked women running around today. That see that's today's nothing new. It's all been done before, right? He made Judah naked and transgressed sore against the Lord. So now we know it was a time of immodesty. Okay, brother Chris, you got uh 2 Chronicles 28. Okay. Can you do one, two, three, and four? Thank you, brother. So, here we see not just one child, but children. So, if the Bible said his son and then children, perhaps daughters as well. We don't know. So, church, isn't it just amazing that God spared Hezekiah's life? Hezekiah was his son, but this evil king had basically uh ended the life of numerous children by way of we'd say abortion today or something like that. So this was a very very wicked man. Okay. Now verses uh 22- 25. And notice in this passage when he got in trouble with other nations, he became even more wicked. Now church, when we get in trouble, what should we do? Humble ourselves. go pray, right? Go get in our closet and pray and weep and cry when we sin. That's not how Ahaz was. Ahaz just did more wickedly when he got caught or more wickedly when he got in trouble. Right. Uh verse 22. So I'm going to come back up here to or Lydia, you got it, hun? You got your Bible? So can you read uh 22 23 24 25? Amen. Everybody see that? What were these idols for him? They were the what? The ruin of him. So, he thought these sins and these idols would help him, but they actually were his ruin. Now, let's be honest tonight. Any sin you might struggle with is going to be your ruin. The Bible said it'll be pleasurable for a season, right? It'll feel good for a while, but pretty soon it'll lose all of its pleasure and it will be the ruin of people. Hallelujah. See, things that seem pleasurable now, they don't remain pleasurable and then they they destroy our lives. And then he got so mad, he shut the doors of the house of the Lord. It's kind of like the it's kind of like his final step, his final defiance against God. He shut the doors and wouldn't let people in. And I I thought it was so sad about uh Brandham Tabernacle, you know, uh so church like here like brother Brandham said, brother Brandham said one day the one world system is going to come and shut our doors. But it wasn't even the enemy. It wasn't even the one world system that shut these doors. It was from God's own people, we'd say. How sad is that, right? But that's what happens when people start breaking one word. It's easier to break the next word, the next word, the next word. If there's no repentance, that sin will be the ruin of them. That's right. Now, here's the main part of what I did on the video. So, Malachi, I think we're up to you. Area, are you able to read, hun? Okay. So, they uh what they did was they did idolatry. Now, can you read 2 Chronicles 28 again, verses 2 and 3? Thank you. Now, there's five attributes. The first one is they got into idolatry. Now, the way the current brom tabernacle is idolatry, they say, brotherh, I don't know if you know this, but they say every word brother Brandham said is thus sayith the Lord. That's the idolatry that they they they say it. They say it plainly. They say it on their blog posts. They say it on videos. They say it everywhere. They worship brother Brandham. So that means they're filled with demons, right? Lying demons, idolatrous demons. I want to I want you to here's brother Ram talked about this in 1962. He said there there's some brethren up in Michigan. They're getting scrupled up, which means messed up. He said, 'They claim that I sent them up to Michigan and they're preaching that men should leave their wives and hunt for their spiritual mate. In other words, they're saying it's okay to commit adultery and that I am perfectly infallible and there's oh some of the awful things you ever heard. So, Brother Random said this years ago back in ' 62. It's so it's one of the most awful things you could say that every word is thus sayith the Lord. And yet I sent I sent this quote to the pastor. I don't hear nothing back, but I sent it to him. So, he's he's accountable, right? God's going to hold him accountable. It's And then later on, he calls it Tommy rot, which is just filth. It's filthy to say that one man, Brother Brandham, was perfectly infallible or every word he said was thus sayith the Lord. That's idolatry. Well, no wonder they shut the doors to the house of God, right? The second one, they closed the doors. Okay, we've already gone through that. Uh they have not had in-person service in over five years. Church, how strong would you be if if you didn't see me for five years? How or if I didn't see you for five years? How strong would you be in the faith? Not very strong, right? We see people fall just falling out of our church come into church, right? And they still fall out because they let demons in their lives, right? How much more do we need God's strength and power to stay in the house of God? Amen. Hallelujah. So they have idolatry. They close the temple. Third, they stopped worshiping. And we see this in 2 Chronicles 29:7 when Hezekiah gets back into service. Uh so Malachi, did you read already a second time? Okay. Can you read verse 7? Uh 29:7. 2 Chronicles 29:7. Okay, now that's not the right one. So, I'm sorry. I had to look up the other one. Can anybody seen that chapter where the uh the singers were re uh they were uh restored? Oh, yeah. There it is. I'm sorry, M. Read verse 28. Yeah, I did that one wrong. It's verse 28, not verse 7. All right. So, see, once Hezekiah gets back in, he starts putting singers in there. Worshippers, right? But what happened with Ahaz? He stopped the singing. No more singing, right? No, no, no more worship to Jehovah. And that's what's happened. Like I told you, that's what happens here. They don't meet and it's all silent prayer. There's nobody expressing, "Oh God, we love you. Thank you for your mercy, Jesus. We give you glory. Almighty God, glory, honor. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty." It's silenced just like in the days of Ahaz. Hallelujah. Think about that, brother. All those song leaders, they just bury. It's like they took their their shovels, their spiritual shovels, and they buried their singing gifts in the dirt. And all the preachers, they took their preaching gift and they buried it in the dirt and it's not getting any value. They're not growing. They're not getting closer to God. They're not using the gifts God gave them. And what did Jesus call them? He said, "You wicked and lazy servants." Because you didn't use your gifts. God help us to use our gifts. Hallelujah. That's right. So see that it's so important uh to let the worship continue. Now the priesthood was neglected. So brother Austin, could you read verse 11? Yes. 29:11 whenever you got it. Very good. So these are the priests. The priests would cut the animals in the outer court, wash their hands. Then the priest would go in and light the uh the candlestick. the the priests would eat the bread and they would offer the incense the priests. Okay. So what what did uh what what did Ahaz do? The priests were neglecting their ministry. And what does Brandham Tabernacle do? The preachers don't preach. They press play. Right? So the priesthood the preachers are neglecting their preaching gifts. All right. Can everybody see that? Now how many how many believe I was inspired to get this thought? I thought I was inspired because something inside of me asked me, "Did that ever happen in the Bible?" I just felt it come up nature. I can't felt it come up like a like living waters. Hallelujah. Like that's right. I never thought about that. Where that did that happened in the Bible before? Yes, it did. Now, this one's a little bit of a not as a direct one, but I want you to see it anyway. 2 Chronicles 28:19. Uh, nature. Can you get 28:19 if you got it? Let's see. That might not be it. Transgress the covenant. That might be wrong. Nature 2 Chronicles. Give me a second here. Seems like once a service I lose track of where we got to find my verse here. 28 or 29. Okay. Okay. We have to do the opposite. Uh we have to do the opposite. So 2 Chronicles 29 nature verse 10 where Hezekiah renews the covenant. Remember a covenant is an oath or a promise. So Ahaz broke the promise and covenant between God and the people. Hezekiah restores the promise. Now how many how many have promised to serve Jesus till you die? Amen. So you and I have a covenant. Praise God. We have a better covenant because Jesus sealed it with his own blood and sent his spirit to help us keep the covenant. Hallelujah. So nature 2 Chronicles 29 verse 10. When you got that? Amen. Praise God. So Hezekiah knows I got to make a promise to God because my dad broke the promise with God. Now what Brandham Tabernacle did and I can I I got the videos if you want to listen to it. Brand Tabernacle said uh the preachers got to catch the vision. They got to play the tapes. He said they're the token and the token is the sign of the covenant. So see how see how Ahaz broke the covenant but Brandham tabernacle has changed the covenant. Now it's not the Holy Ghost. Now it's I pressed play. Now I've got the I've got the Holy Ghost. I mean that is that is so absurd. But that's what they say. They say because they because they got the Holy Ghost the the token of the Holy Ghost they're born again. That's why they press play and the preachers sit down. And exactly the opposite is true because they're wicked and lazy servants. The Bible says they don't use their talent to preach. That's what the Bible says. Hallelujah. All right. Now, I don't know how I'm I'm not going to be very long. I've already preached uh 35 minutes, so I'm not going to be too long here tonight. I'm trying to be cautious with Malachi's work schedule like I was when I uh Austin went to work at the factory. Okay. Now, now I'm just going to give you a few general quotes from Brother Brandham. People say I can stay at home and be just as good of a Christian as I can at church. You can't. I said you can't. Hallelujah. That's why I always come to church because I'm not going to be good as a Christian if I stay at home. The Bible said Hebrews 10:24 and2 not forsaken our assembling of ourselves together and that much more as we see the time coming. If you're a Christian, you long to go where other Christians are. So I ask you, are they Christians? if they don't long to go to church. God's going to have to answer that one, right? And fellowship with other Christians. So, you cannot stay away from the church and live the same life. You can't do it because it's like, I'm hungry, but I never go to a table. So, as a Christian, you're hungry to hear the word of God, right? You have to eat or you're going to die, right? In the natural. So, it is in the spiritual. So that so let me ask you again. Are they alive or dead spiritually? If they're not hearing the living men preaching the living word of God, are they alive or dead? According to this quote, according to this quote, they're dead or starving and almost dead. And we have to wonder, are they a Christian? Because Christians can't wait to go to church and see their brothers and sisters. Hallelujah. He says, I just ain't going to do it. Well, you've got to go feed on the word of God and fellowship with one another. We need one another now more than ever we did in each other is now. When you get yourself singled out from the rest of the making yourself just a little different. You don't want to associate with them because they believe this and don't want to associate with that. You're getting on dangerous ground right then keeping away from church because remember Jesus went to church and brother Brandham said they asked brother Bham should I go to churches if if they differ with you brother Brandham and brother Brandham said yes Jesus did and the church said every synagogue Jesus went to do you think they believed he was the Messiah do you think so probably not so did he go to churches that disagree with him yes and that's what brother Ram said yes if you if you don't have a Uh uh if you don't have a church close to you that preaches what brother believes, he said, "Go to it anyhow. Let your light shine." He said, "How do you know you're not sending there to save some souls out of there?" Praise God. Find the one of your choice and remain there. And no, look, remain there. Don't stay at home. And be a Christian, brother, to all of them. All that's the way to be a real Christian. Oh, brother Jess, how do I be a real Christian? Go to church and be a real Christian to other people. Amen. Hallelujah. That's the way to be a real Christian. Then we got to then we got fellowship. We got protection. People love you and pray for you. So see, I appreciate it. When you pray for me, I appreciate it. What am I doing? When you pray for me, God protects me. When I pray for you, God protects you. Hallelujah. That's the success of brother's meetings. He says, "Because real godly people pray for me." Okay, now I'm going to skip because of time. Now, I love this quote. This is right before brother Ram died, one month before he died. He said, "If I lived in a city like Akan and they had nothing there but well, some church." Now, in Akan, we got a message church. He says, "And I don't want to call any name, but just any church. If they only believe one thing, that Jesus was divine, all the rest of it was wrong, I'd go to that church." Amen. If I can't get a whole loaf of bread, I'll take a slice. So, let me ask you, is anybody getting a slice of bread by staying home pressing play? No. They get no fresh bread from the five-fold ministry. Hallelujah. So, are they Christians? Do they have any are they dead? Do they have any food? Seems like no, according to these quotes. See, I'll go listen. I'll worship the Lord. See, you got to go. And you got to listen. And you got to give God praise because God loves to be worshiped. And I'll show him. I'm doing my part. Some people wonder, "Oh, am I doing my part?" Go to church and worship. Do your part for God. Hallelujah. I want him to know I'm alive. Oh, thank God we're alive tonight. We love Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm alive. I want every everybody to know which side I'm on. I'm on the King's side, the King of Kings and Lord of Lords. I assemble with the Christians and their worship and I serve the Lord. Hallelujah. Yes. Brother Brandham, is it true nobody should preach but you? We've seen you ordain men. We don't believe you would do that if they were not to preach because Brandham Tabernacle is saying we're not to preach today. But they asked Brother Brandham, should pre should preachers preach other than you. Mercy, brother, sister ever who told you that nobody's to preach but me. I'd sure be a poor subject to God with all that. No. No. Is Brother Ram the only preacher? No. Every man that feels a call of God upon his life, get into the ministry and start pressing play. No, I didn't read that right. Did I start preaching? We need them. Hallelujah. I love Oh, see, when I press play, I hear a lot different than what they hear when they press play. Church, they don't even hear the spirit. They just listen. They're But they're blinded. They're spiritually blinded. And their ears are spiritually deaf to the word of God. Because that when I press play, Brother Austin, it tells me we need more preachers. Men of God are anointed all over the world to press play. No. To preach the gospel. See, I'm just one little pebble on the beach among many big stones. There's just many more that's more eligible, more worthy, more of anything to preach to me. I'm just one little humble person lay out out there. I'm one grain of wheat and a whole garner. You know what I mean? Any man that's called of God needs to preach the gospel. Hallelujah. I got one more here before I get to the the closing part of this. I'm almost done. Look what Brother Abraham says in the church age book. How careful we must be to hear one voice. And the voice is the Bible. It's the Holy Ghost speaking through the Bible. For the spirit has but one voice. Now notice he doesn't say himself which is the voice of God. Paul warned them to say what he had said even as Peter did likewise. He warned that even he Paul could not change one word of what he'd been given by revelation. Oh, how important is to hear the voice of God by way of his messengers and then say what's been given to them to say to the churches. And there's a quote in 1960. Brother Brandham said, "You preachers are just as much messengers as I am." That's what he says. So, I'm just saying what Brother Brandham said. I'm just as much of a messenger, he said. He said, I'm in this just as much as you are. Brother Brandham says, now we know there's only one church age messenger, but brother Brandham's saying all the preachers are messengers of the message. And church, how many words can we change? Zero. So, somebody show me where Paul said, "We won't need the five-fold ministry in the Leoian church age." Somebody show me that. You're not going to ever show me that because it's not in the Bible. I've already read this cover to cover, church, and I'm going to keep reading it cover to cover so no man can deceive me. Okay? All right. Now, church, hope came in the next generation. Hallelujah. For all those years, the house of God was closed. Is this ever going to change? It's kind of like CO, right? We always wonder, when are we going to get these masks off? When are we going to get back from doing the six feet of uh social distancing? when are they going to open back up the schools and all these things like that? Well, eventually it happened, right? Thank God it wasn't a generation later. But it was in the next generation Hezekiah started restoring the day after his dad died and he became king. That very next day he started opening the church. Hallelujah. So, see, there's hope, church. Even if there's a bad leader, there's hope. Maybe the next generation will get right with God. Hallelujah. Amen. Now church, what does that mean? The day after his dad died, he did the act exact opposite. What does that mean? That means he was waiting for his time. That whole time his dad had closed the church. That means, brother Chris, he was walking by sad like, I can't believe it, but I can't do nothing. I'm not there yet. Ah, but when it became his turn, the very first day he was king, he opened the house of God and he he cleaned out the house of God and he started getting it ready so people could worship again. And church, that's how it is for every believer. When you know what is to do to do right, do as do it as soon as you can. Hallelujah. And church, as you know in this church, if I'm wrong, then the Bible said, "You come to me oneon-one. show me where I'm wrong. And if I don't repent, then you go somewhere else. Hallelujah. That's what Hezekiah did. He waited. He waited till until it was his turn. And then when he got in leadership, well, now you bring the people back to God. And by the help of God, by God's grace, for 19 years, I've tried to point everybody to get right with God. Hallelujah. Serve God, love God, devote your life to the scripture. Give your life to Jesus Christ. Confess all your sins. Do it now. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, we're not going to go through all this, but he was ready and waiting. He couldn't wait to restore worship. And as soon as on day one, he got just like kind of Trump or Biden, you know, the first day they get in to do all those executive orders, right? That's how Hezekiah was. I'm ready. As soon as I get in there, I'm opening the house of God. I'm going to change things. And let me tell it to the young people. Young people, if there's any sin in your family, wait till you get your family, then you can make it right. If your parents got anything wrong, I guess I'm not saying this so much to us, but to the live streamers, right? Once you get your or young adults, as soon as you get your own place, if anything's wrong, you can make it right right there. But I don't think there's anything wrong in my life. But if there was and my children couldn't correct it, then they as soon as they get their own place, then you show God what you believe. Amen. This is probably good for brother Chris, right? Brother Chris, as soon as you get your spot, that's when you can you can lay down all the glory for God. You can you can design your whole life to glorify God. Hallelujah. Right, brother Austin? Amen. There's 45 minutes. M already 45 minutes. So, what I'm saying is that if anything's wrong where you are, you wait for your chance. And when it's your chance, you get the people right with God. And God will call you blessed. Hallelujah. God will call you a great king or a great queen. Hallelujah. God will call you a king and priest unto him. He'll say, "Well done, good and faithful servant." So notice, he commands the priest to clean everything up. He makes a covenant with God. He cleanses the temple immediately. And church, I love, go to 29:20. 2 Chronicles 29:20. Look at this man. He was a leader. Then Hezekiah the king rose up early and gathered the rulers of the city and went up to the house of the Lord. So he got up first and said, "You follow me. Let's go to church and clean it up." Praise God. And church, what did he do to go down to verse the last verse of the chapter? Go down to verse 36. Ly, you want to read that? You got it. Okay, I got it. No problem. Verse 36. And Hezekiah rejoiced in all the people that God had prepared the people for the thing was done suddenly. In other words, when you get your chance, do it quickly. Praise God. Hallelujah. If anybody's doing wrong and you can do nothing about it, wait till you get in there. Then you can do something about it. Praise God. Hallelujah. Kind of like when I got first saved, I saw things at the chapel I didn't like. Brother Chris, I went to the chapel and I said, I thought, my why don't they fix that? Well, you know what? Once I became a pastor, now I have no excuses. Right? For example, they would play they would play snippets from movies with cuss words in the service like Fight Club. I don't know if you remember Fight Club by Brad Pitt. They played some of that and there was cussing and they let I'm thinking like what? This should not happen. But you know what? I couldn't change it. But you know what I can do? I can change things now because now it's my time. Now it's my it's my time to rule and reign. Praise God. Spiritually. See that? Then when you get your own place, you can make a you can make your house a sanctuary for God Almighty. That's right. Hallelujah. All right. I'm trying to close my So let me let me ask you this in closing. See, I've been preaching on brand tabernacle, but we got to bring it back to ourselves. It's no good just to preach about other. Yes, we can learn as we said. We can learn from the Old Testament, Ahaz. We can learn from people like Jesus said, "Remember Lot's wife. We can we can learn things from people that fail, but we also got to be accountable to ourselves. Let's not worry about other people so much. Now, let's think about our lives. All right? Because what the Bible say? The Bible says you're the temple now. Amen. So, let me ask you this. Have you ever shut up your temple and not worship God as much as you should? Right? Have you ever denied God any praise or I'm not going to raise my hands? I'm not going to sing. I'm not going to worship. I'm not going to give God glory. I'm not going to testify. Have you ever shut up your uh your temple? So, see church, we can relate to this because we all fall short of God's glory. Amen. We abandon God's temple sometimes, too. Right? In other words, the praise for for from our temple to go out and glorify God. Hallelujah. Now, I've never been guilty of of skipping church and staying at home. I've never been guilty of that. But I have been guilty of maybe not testifying when I should have. Right? Or maybe I've been guilty of not praising God with with real sincerity in my heart like I should have. Hallelujah. Right? We've all been guilty where the temple of God is not in the right condition. But thank God we can change it. We can bring out the spiritual Hezekiah. Oh, it's time for revival in my life. Amen. Oh, Hezekiah brought revival. Remember the church? He stomped out the He stomped out the idols to dust and then he threw the dust in the in the river. He got rid of every trace of sin in the camp and the church said, "Amen." That's what we got to do. Get rid of every trace of sin in our lives. Then we're going to have revival. Hallelujah. Now, church, what does the word grieve mean? To offend. So, we abandon God sometimes because we offend the Holy Spirit. And what do we do? Lying offends the Holy Spirit. anger that's not uh you can be angry and sin not. But anger where you're upset with somebody and it's it's not justified. That's sin. You can if you you can be angry like you can be angry at somebody that uh well you can be angry at the politicians that allow abortions, right? Because that's justified. But you don't act on it, right? You don't you don't say evil words and you don't you don't wish evil against them. But you can be angry at the sin, right? But when you start acting on it, call them names or all kinds of things, that's when you get wrong. Stealing, hallelujah, stealing grieves the Holy Spirit of God. Corrupt words, bitterness against other people, and wrath against other people. All those things offend the Holy Ghost. And then the temple of God is abandoned. It's not giving the worship it give. Everybody with me? 1 John 2 uh9. Uh Caris, you want to get that? 1 John 21:19. That's our last one, I think. Yep. Because I used this slide uh back in February with our brother because it's it was just in the same file. 1 John 21:19. And so, see friends, if brothers and sisters, if we don't confess these, we will physically leave the church because we just saw that. Just saw that in February. If we don't confess, we'll grieve the Holy Spirit. so much that God will say get that leavenan out from among you that you can be a new church a new love right and what then see when when they spiritually abandon God's temple then we have to physically remove them from God's temple any Bible reader knows that uh I want to read that caris go ahead 1 John 21:19 I'm sorry hun it's first John that's the gospel Gospel of John. Sorry. Did I say John? If I did, I'm sorry. First John, I'm sorry. 219. You know what? Before you read that, I'll read 18. Little children, it is the last time. Now, look at it. Was the last time 2,000 years ago. Where are we at today? Right? That means the last 2,000 years. Because the Bible said the last days I'll pour out my spirit because a day with God is a thousand years, right? The last time, the last days, little children, it is the last time. And as you have heard that antichrist shall come, even now there are many antichrist. If there was many antichrist in 90 AD, there must be just billion millions of antichrists now. Whereby we know that it is the last time. They're anti-word or anti- message or anti-revelation of the Bible. They're against the revelation of scripture. Okay, Caris. And you want to read verse 19. Amen. Did you catch that? The Bible says, "No doubt if you are a Christian, you'll stay with other Christians." There's no doubt about it. So, I recommend church, whether you feel like it or not, you come to church. Praise God. Whether you're on top of the mountain or not, you come to church because this is an opportunity to confess your sins and have a revival. Bring your life closer to God. Hallelujah. This is a chance for you to sharpen somebody else. Somebody sharpen you, provoke somebody, inspire somebody to do something. Praise God. Hallelujah. There's no doubt if you're a Christian, you'll continue with other Christians. Verse 20, but we have an uncction or we have an anointing or an inspiration from the Holy One and we know all things. Why? Because the Holy Ghost guides us into all truth. Let's stand to our feet. Musicians can come. So friends, that's the picture up here. The picture is abandoned, right? But we can't leave ourselves out there. We could abandon God, right? If we refuse to give him praise, refuse to confess our sins if we let idolatry in our lives, we can be the ones that abandon God. But let's not abandon him. Let's run to him. Praise God. Let's confess our sins, confess our iniquities because the blood of Jesus Christ, Jesus ever lives to make intercession for us. Let's bow our heads. Father God, we're thankful for tonight, Lord God. Hallelujah. We just give you glory in this little study, Lord. I trust it was a bing to your people, Lord. That list there in the book of Ephesians, Lord, is so important. Lying, stealing, corrupt words, wrath, bitterness, all these grieve your Holy Spirit. Oh God, help us Jesus today. Lord God, help us Lord God to stay with the church. Lord God, help us Lord to stay with your anointing, that uncction that we know all things from the scripture. Help us, Lord, to stay with that anointing, Lord God. Confessing our sins, pleasing the Holy Spirit because we're sealed by the Holy Ghost to the day of our redemption, Lord God. Lord, I appreciate the word of God tonight. Thank you for a man like Hezekiah. Lord, may we be spiritual Hezekiah. Hallelujah. [Music] Lord, under the uncction or the inspiration to do it quickly, to get our lives lined up quickly with the word of God because now we are the temple. Hezekiah did the natural temple, but Lord, we've got to keep the spiritual temple open for worship, for praise, for singing, for clapping, for saying amen, hallelujah, for agreeing with the word, mixing faith with what is preached. Dear God, grant it. Lord God, may our lives not abandon the Holy Spirit, but may our lives welcome the Holy Spirit, be open to the Holy Spirit's move each and every day of our lives. Grant it, Lord Jesus. Help us to sharpen one another, Lord, for the glory of God. Provoke one another, edify one another, build each other up for the glory of God. [Music] I thank you for the inspiration, Lord. I still remember sitting at my desk and I felt that question kind of come up in my heart. Did abandoning and closing the church ever happen before in the Bible? I felt that was inspired by your Holy Spirit, Lord God. And I believe it's vindicated now here with the word of God and the quotes from your true prophet, Brother Brandham. Lord, we want to be the best Christians we can by coming to church, feeding on the things of God, fellowshipping with the saints, sharpening, provoking, edifying one another. Grant it today, Lord Jesus. We thank you, Lord God. Hallelujah. Be glorified and magnified. We ask all these blessings Lord especially repentance and we can have personal revival in our lives in Jesus
