################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-30 - (10-29-25) A Prophet's Love For the Word of God - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-30
Title:   (10-29-25) A Prophet's Love For the Word of God - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQoOblzsxtU
========================================

it around, but I just kind of look for what I feel inspired to do. But tonight, I like to look at a prophet's love for the word of God. I just like to look at that here tonight. A prophet's love for the word of God. Psalm 119 verse 47 and 48. 119:47 and 48. Uh, just so you know, Brother Rod said he might come. So, if you hear a knock, that's probably Brother Rod. I don't think he has a church key. Um, that would be brother Rod there by God's grace. Make sure I got everybody checked and didn't miss anybody. Psalm 119 verse 47. I might have it up there. Yeah, I might have it up there. Okay, we can all read that together. Let's read that if we can. Here on three. One, two, three. and I will delight myself in thy commandments which I have loved. My hands also will I lift up unto thy commandments which I have loved and I will meditate in thy statutes. May God add the blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated by God's grace. As I said, I'd like to preach on a prophet's love for the word of God tonight. Um [snorts] and I trust you enjoyed the message there on Sunday about uh neither do I condemn thee. Praise God. God uh God surely knows how to wash away all of our sins. Hallelujah. And again, I just like that thought that he did it so quickly. You know, she's pulled right out of the bed. Think of that. She's in the very act pulled out of the bed, dragged, thrown at the feet of Jesus, and Jesus says, "I don't condemn you. Go and sin no more." That's the love of God. Hallelujah. That's the mercy of God. So, we're thankful for the mercy of God. And then this week, you know, as I was interacting with different individuals, you know, I just thought about how much brother Brandham loved the word of God. And uh, you know, he especially talked about how much he loved to sing. Brother Brandham said, I could never get my fill of singing. He said, I hope when I get to heaven, he said, I get to be in the singing part of heaven. He just could never get his fill of uh, singing for God. and but I'll I'll kind of take it a different direction here. But I'll start with uh you know some foundation here and kind of uh defending the Bible tonight here by God's grace. Just defending the word of God. I thought I would just take a maybe just a fresh look at that uh by God's grace. So we read David's commands. You know uh if anyone uh loved God in the Old Testament, it was David, right? We saw that with uh Dale's message. You know, the bride's heart, right? uh spirit of the bride would be to say uh uh Lord I want to be a a a bride after the heart of our our heavenly husband by God's grace or spiritual husband uh by the grace of the Lord. And so that's uh David's heart. David was a man after the heart of God. So he was constantly longing Lord what are your commandments? Uh what can I do to please you? How can I keep your word? And what he do so much he wrote so many songs right because his heart just would meditate on the things of God. And David found as we saw as we know as well uh the Bible said God sent his word and healed them. Speaking of Israel and delivered them from their destruction. And if you just think about David how often he ran from enemies and how he was delivered from Goliath and delivered from the lion and the bear. Every time he was delivered, it was because the word of God delivered him. So church, you know, after being delivered from so many uh life-threatening situations, no doubt he loved the word of the Lord &gt;&gt; because the word saved my life. I'd be dead if it wasn't for God's word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'd be ripped. He would He could say, "I would be ripped to shreds if it wasn't for the word of God." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'd be stomped by a giant, right? I'd be ripped up by animals if it wasn't for the word of God. So, no wonder uh he would say, "I love your commands. I love your word. Your word has delivered me." And then he would say, "I know God favors me because I I never see my enemies triumph over me." In other words, they don't get the last word. I get the last word because God's given me his word. Hallelujah. Isn't that beautiful? Praise God. Amen. I love it. David knew all about deliverance. You know, he was delivered from his enemies and also delivered from his family. that was hunting him down. Uh he was delivered from even his son trying to hunt him down, Abselon, right? He was delivered from every enemy by the word of the Lord. And remember church, every time recorded in the Bible, he went to the ark of the covenant, God gave him the word of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So a prophet had so much love for God. David had so much love, he wrote so many songs for God. And that's why the Bible said, "Sing unto the Lord a new song." when when God does something for you, find a way to or find a song that expresses what you're feeling, right? Or write your own. Hallelujah. Because the Bible wants us uh to lift up our voice to the Lord to give God praise. You know, think about this. Billions of people are failing to praise the God who created them. But you and I, we're sons and daughters of God. We shouldn't be giving God glory, &gt;&gt; right? Because he's delivered us. He's healed us. Hallelujah. He's kept us from being destroyed. And our enemies don't triumph over us. Praise God. Now remember this verse of course comes to me often when I think about the love of God. John said, "By this we know we love the children of God when we love God and keep his commands." Hallelujah. So that's how we know we love God. We want to keep the word of God. For this is the love of God that we keep his commands and his commandments are not grievious. Hallelujah. Uh it shouldn't be a grieve to obey the Bible. If it is, you're just too much in your flesh. You got to feed the other white dog. Hallelujah. Been feeding the black dog too long. It ought to have been a joy. It ought to be a joy to serve God and keep the commands of God. Hallelujah. If not, you're just probably too tired or worn out or Satan's been attacking you too long and you got to get some time with God and you got to feed the white dog. Hallelujah. Then it'll be stronger. Then you'll want to do things for the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. For whatsoever is born of God overcomes the world. The reason we overcome the world is because we're born again. This is the victory that overcomes the world, even our faith. So, we hear the word of God. Faith comes by hearing, right? The more we hear the word of God, the more we get the victory because we apply the word to our life. We just don't hear it. We actually put it into action. Praise God. So, that's what you should do. You should put the the word that we hear constantly into action. How can I act upon this word? How can I apply that to my life? How does that apply to me? Praise God. And I try to be a preacher that does that. I want to be a pastor where at some point in the sermon, the the sermon, I take what's what's being said and I apply it to your life and my life. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I like what David said uh here in Psalm 119:97, that same beautiful chapter, the longest chapter in the Bible. He says me and me is the 13th letter of the Hebrew alphabet. Remember chapter 119 is an acrostic poem. And so every letter of the alphabet has a section in Psalm 119. So it'd be like this. It was like, I'm going to write a song and uh I'm going to write a bunch of verses. Every verse and in the first verse, every letter, every word is going to start with a, right? And that's what it is. And so that's what David did. David's like, I'm going to I'm going to worship God from A to Z. Hallelujah. Amen. That's what Psalm 119 is. I'm going to think of all these ways to glorify God from A to Z or alpha to omega. Hallelujah. Amen. But he stops at the 13th and uh letter and he says, "Oh, how I love thy law. It is my meditation all the day. Thy word is very pure. Not just pure, very pure. Therefore, thy servant loveth it." Now, that's what and I'll just reply this to myself. That's why I love the King James Bible. It just feels very pure to me. Right. When you get these other versions, you start changing words. They just don't don't sound as holy as a King James version. Hallelujah. That's just my I'm just injecting my opinion in there. Hallelujah. But it is very pure if it's the actual words translated. Hallelujah. Rather than just a general word or something like that or a word that might be close, but uh we want the word for word translation. Praise God. But notice he says it again. How I love the the word. It's pure. I love pure things. Don't you love pure people? Praise God. The Bible said the pure in heart, they're the ones that'll see God. I like to hang around pure people. They're not playing around or they're not uh putting something on that they're not, but they're just pure Christians. Praise God. And church, it really don't matter what church they go to as long as they're pure. I like to be around those kind of people. &gt;&gt; They're not trying to put on or uh brag me up or trying to flatter me or trying to tear me down either, right? Just treat me the same like you want to be treated. Hallelujah. And David said, 'I love thy law because your word is pure. Then later on the chapter, therefore I love thy commandments above gold, above fine gold. And that's true, too. Whether you got a lot of money or little money, God's word is your number one in your life, right? That's what he's saying. I love that. I'd rather keep the word of God than have more money. &gt;&gt; If I had a choice between keeping God's word or have more money, I'd rather keep God's word. Therefore, I esteem all thy precepts. Let's say all ready. All thy precepts concern concerning all things to be right. Hallelujah. I esteem all thy precepts concerning all things. So, I take God's word on every topic. &gt;&gt; I love God so much. I only want to think God's thoughts about any topic. Hallelujah. And I hate every false way. Hallelujah. Remember Jesus hated the deeds of Nicicoatans. So, we got to be careful. You know, I've I've expressed before I have my opinions. I try to let you know when they're my opinions. But when when we have opinions or traditions that transgress the word of God, those are things Jesus hates. &gt;&gt; But he loves if we just stay with the word of God. More to be desired are they than gold, yay, than much fine gold. Sweeter also than honey and the honeycomb. Moreover, by them is thy servant warned, and in keeping of them there is great reward. So now David says, I love the word. It's like honey to me. And I just thought that was interesting. Isn't it wonderful? We get rewarded just to eat honey. Now, just eating honey is the reward, right? Who who I mean, everyone loves the taste of honey. It is a reward to eat honey. I usually eat it on Saturdays on pancakes, you Well, not anymore, but I used to during the summer time. It's just a reward to eat it. But God said, "If you eat it, I'll give you extra reward, right?" And we see that in Revelation 10:7. What is the reward? You get to speak and prophesy again. You get to speak God's word. Not only does it go down into you, but then you get to speak it as well. Brother Chris. &gt;&gt; Yes. That's right, brother. Yep. Very good. Give it two claps. Yeah. That's right. So that's how that's how sweet this book is right here. It's like a a book of honey. Hallelujah. Very good. You know, uh I I taught a little just a simple lesson on on Tuesday morning at the middle school. I just taught it on adoption. How the spirit of adoption in our hearts cries aba father. And I was just trying to get the middle schoolers to see when you are become a Christian, you're adopted in the family of God with all the rights and benefits of a of a family member. Right? Like if my children are really hungry, they don't have to ask me to go get an orange, right? Or cheese. They don't have to ask me. If they're really hungry, just go get it. Right? You're part of the family of God, right? If you really need something that costs a little money, just ask dad. I'll probably buy it for you. Chances are, nine out of 10, I'll probably buy it for you, right? If I possibly can, right? And so I was trying to tell that to them and I just want to show you how sweet the word of God is, right? And so I had this spirit of adoption on my And so I'm walking out and I saw this teacher. I've known him for years. I'm like, "Brother, you need to come and teach at middle school Bible club." He's like, "Okay, brother." He calls me brother. And uh I said, "I would love to do that." And he talks about all these things. And I said, "You know what? God is so gracious." I said, "God has adopted into me, adopted me into his family. I was an orphan, but now Jesus Christ puts me in his family, and I'm a child of God." He's like, "Brother, I got goosebumps." He said, "God bless you." He just starts walking away. Now, now, why did he get goosebumps? Because the word is so sweet. Think about that. It's just sweet in your mouth to say, "God adopted me. I'm I I have a dad. I have a mom, right? God is my father and mother. Praise God." But I just thought, you know, with him getting the shivers like he's like he just physically he physically responded to the sweetness of God's word. And church, when you become a Christian, you're adopted into the family of God. Hallelujah. You have a father watching over you. And when you need something, just ask dad about it. Ask Abba, right? Daddy, that means daddy. Daddy, aba, father. Daddy, father, right? Just ask dad. Dad will help you out. Dad will hear your prayer. Amen. So that reminds me, God's going to reward you for eating honey. You get a reward for eating honey. The reward is you get to speak it. Hallelujah. Because that's what God told John. God said, "Eat it and then go prophesy again." God told that to Ezekiel. Eat my word. Now go speak to my people. So now he didn't have a nice message, but he still got it to speak God's word. &gt;&gt; And he knew they wouldn't receive it. Most of them wouldn't, but there would be a small remnant that would. Hallelujah. Let's be the remnant that speaks God's word and and then also obeys God's word. Let's be that little church remnant. Hallelujah. Now Jeremiah, now notice my message is a prophet's love for the word of God. So David could speak the word of he spoke how much he loved the word despite his trials, right? Uh, here's a few more examples. Jeremiah and Job. Jeremiah said, "Thy words were found, and I did eat them, and thy word was unto me the joy and rejoicing of my heart." Sounds like he loves the word of God. For I am called by thy name, oh Lord God of hosts. See, church, that's why you came tonight is because you are called by God to come. When you read Hebrews 10 and it says, "Gather more," that's God's call to you. You take that personal. God's calling me to come hear the word of God. I'm called by God. Therefore, I love God. Right? Other people, they didn't hear God's voice to come tonight or I'm sorry, they didn't obey God's voice. You heard it and you obeyed it. That's why you love him. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Just you being here shows you love God. &gt;&gt; And Jeremiah or Job says, "Neither have I gone back from the commandment of his lips. I have estee mouth more than my necessary food." This shows the power of fasting. When you fast, you're showing God, I love your word more than natural food. Your word is spiritual honey for my soul. In other words, my soul is going to be feeling really sweet after I fast this this meal. Whether it's one meal, two meals, three meals, four meals, however many meals you can go, however many meals you can fast, your soul's going to get a good taste of honey by the grace of God. Amen. That's right, church. Amen. Moses said, he said unto me, set your hearts unto all the words which I testify among you this day, which ye shall command your children to observe to do all the words of this law. For it is not a vain thing for you because it is your life. Serving Jesus is your life. Listen. Working or going to school, girls, I know I know you'll say amen on this. Going to school is not your life. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Some people like school, brother Chris. Some people don't. Some people like it. If you're good at it, you like it. But not everybody's good at school. You don't have to be. But you want to be good at serving the Lord. In other words, you want to be humble. You want to receive the word of God. But this is your life. Coming to church, but not just coming to church, but talking to God, reading your Bible, listening to sermons. That is your life. Hallelujah. That is your life. That's what God told Moses to tell the people. It's your life. This is what it's all about. As I've said before, your life should center around Wednesday and Sunday and the occasional Saturday. Now, you should be excited for Sunday night because we get to do a Bible study. You get to ask questions. Genevie wants to have a dance service. So, put that on your radar. One of these Sundays, we're have a dance service by God's grace. If the children want to dance, the Bible says, "Let them praise the name in what?" In the dance. Let them praise the name in the dance. It's not a vain thing just to be be a Christian. Coming here isn't just worthless thing. It's a valuable thing. It's a sweet thing. Hallelujah. Amen. Like uh you know we had our friend Brennan. You remember Brennan? He sent me numerous messages since he he's come to our house, right? He's come to church once, come to our house twice, and spent like three or four hours with us. He said, Jesse, he said, "I just feel like your house is filled with the spirit of God." He said, "I've never had a family like that where I just felt the presence of God." And he said, "Your children are so loving and and you treat your wife so well. She treats you so well. Why is this happening? Because the word of God is our life because all of us, my wife and I, we all we take a taste of the word of God. The children taste the word of God, right? They they they believe the word, they sing, they worship, they read the word. And therefore, he comes to our house and he just feels a house full of God's love. He called it he said that he told me that was one of the best nights of my life. Three Three hours. That's that's it. Three hours at my house is one of the best nights of his entire life. And he's 19 years old. What does that church? The honey of God does that. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You know, and then they ask me, you know, how why are your children like this? How do your children get like this? The honey of God's word does that. If they obey the word, if they worship, if they repent of their sins, if they exalt the word of God, that's the honey of God in their life. Amen. Isaiah said, "Thus say the Lord, the heaven is my throne, earth is my foottool. Where is the house that you build unto me? And where is a place of my rest? For all those things hath mine hand made, and all those things have been, sayeth the Lord." Now notice, which God, which man does God look at? Look at this. But to this man will I look? Sometimes you wonder, "Is God looking at me tonight? Does God even see me in this tiny little church in Akran, Ohio? This this little city? Does God see me?" Well, the Bible tells who he sees. He sees to him that's poor and a contrite spirit. In other words, the humble and those who tremble at my word. God, I just want to I just want to obey your word. What can I do to love and serve you tonight? Praise God. That's who's God's looking to. The people that love the word. The people that tremble at the word of God. See, church, you didn't scoff at the word of God and say, "I'm not going to church. I don't care what church is. Who cares what church is all about? No, no, no. You tremble at God's word. So, that proves God's looking at you. You love God. You tremble at his word. You don't want to uh disobey him. You want to please him. That shows you love the word of God. And God loves you. See, God's looking at you tonight, church. God's looking at each one of us that really love the the Lord tonight. And Chris and I did this on the Bible study on Sunday night. Uh this is the parable uh well not the parable but it's a story of Jesus talking about the rich man and Lazarus and the that that man in hell the rich man in hell says send Lazarus back so my five brothers won't come to this place of torment he says they got Moses and the prophet in other words they've got the Bible. He says no no he's trying to argue with the prophet of God. That's what we got today. A lot of people argue with the prophet of God trying to tell brother Brandham uh that the the Lord Jesus Christ baptism is not sufficient or that they can wear makeup or wear pants or something like that. Trying to argue with the prophet of God. No, no, no. But if he says if one went from the dead, they'll repent. Trying to tell the prophet who's right. But he said, "No, if they hear not Moses and the prophet, if they don't love the word of God, neither will they be persuaded though one rose from the dead. Hallelujah. So if you don't love the the word of God, then you won't love the works of God either because you can't separate them. God's word always has works, right? And the works of God should point you to the word of God, right? So we just get this we get this truth here by God's grace. Um did it did it disconnect from me? Did it disconnect because I You mean this whole time I I forgot to tell you to switch over? I'm so sorry. I've had all these scriptures. Oh my goodness. Wow. You can tell I worked all day. Hallelujah. Brother Ram says this. So, I had I've had all these the whole time. Sorry. I did all this work. I was like, I got time this morning. I'm going to make I'm going to put all these quotes on a slideshow or a slide. But says, "Now with thousands of sign workers in this last day has created a generation of sign seekers that knows no more nothing about the true move of God and his word in these last days, right? They want blood and oil or they want some demonstration on the platform whether it's God's word or not." And Jesus said, "This is what Matthew 24 is speaking of. It'd be so close it would deceive the very elected if it were possible." Right? So in other words, most churches don't know what a move of God is. You know what a move of God is? People repenting of their sins and saying, "I want to obey the word of God." That's a move of God, Brother Chris. Yes. That's right. Yes. Amen. Yeah. So, in Nigeria, hundreds and thousands of people have been martyed, but there's still Christians left, and they still choose to praise God. That's a move of God, right? Even though your life is on the line, you're persecuted, you'll still praise God despite the persecution. Amen, brother Chris. Yeah. Very good. Brother Ram said, "But how can you tell who's the true and who's the false?" Give them the word test. How can you know it? Speak the word. See what they say about it. If they don't believe the word, they have no seed germ in them. They are of the evil one and deceive you. As the first bride was deceived, the second bride was deceived. They're deceivers of the third bride by hybriding the word or trying to. God never placed signs ahead of his word. He said, "Amen. That's a scorcher." Right? Because some people say, "I have a sign. I have a miracle. I have all this. Look at me. Look at me. Listen to me." Well, no, no, no. Let's see what you say about the word of God first. I appreciate your sign. You're wonder. I appreciate your miracle, but what do you say about the word of God? God never placed signs ahead of his word. They were added for proof of the word, but the word is first. To prove it, Elijah said to the woman, "Bake me a cake first, then watch the miracle happen." Come and obey the word first and then watch the miracle later. Hallelujah. The seed word itself is what the Holy Spirit energizes. In other words, fall in love with the the character of the word first and then God will give you a sign, wonder, or miracle. Hallelujah. But don't just take somebody's miracle or someone's vision or someone's dream. No, get the word first and then judge all those uh visions and experiences by the word of God. Amen. Now, brother says, I just want to read the blue here. No true believer is any stronger or spiritual healthy. Who wants to be strong and healthy tonight? I do. So, how are you your strongest and healthiest? When you when you're alive, when you have your knowledge of the word and adherence to the pure word of God. So, you'll be the strongest when you get more knowledge of God and when you obey the word of God. Okay? So, that's if you want to fall in love more with God, get more knowledge of him and closely keep his commands. That's how you'll know you'll be strong and spiritual healthy in God. All right. Now, I just want to again reiterate some of these truths. Jesus said, "Sanctify them through thy truth. Thy word is truth." Okay? So, the word of God is truth. And the more you obey the word of God, it's a cleansing agent in your life. You're not going to feel clean until you obey the word. All right? And remember, the word will judge everybody here that's listening to my voice, me included. The word will judge all of us in that day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ according to Paul's gospel. Hallelujah. We will be judged by Paul's gospel. And remember Paul said, "I marvel that you're so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel, which is not another. But there be some that trouble you and would pervert the gospel of Christ. But though we are an angel from heaven preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed. Now remember church, this is either a temporary or it's a everlasting curse. Right? Because remember there's temporary curses. If you don't rightly divide uh I'm sorry, if you don't uh treat the body of Christ the right way, don't discern the body of Christ, you can be weak, sickly, and die. You can still be a Christian, but you can get those three judgments on you. Weak, sickly, or die. temporary curses or you could be t cursed for everlasting until you're annihilated like Judas a scariot okay or balum but we don't believe that's anybody here by God's grace and he warns them again we said before but I say it now again if any man preach any other gospel unto you than that which you receive let him be accursed Jesus said if any man hear not my words and believe not I don't judge him I judge him not for I came not to judge the world but to save the world he that rejects me and receive receives not my words, hath one that judgeth him. The word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day. Hallelujah. So, the word judges by God's grace. Hallelujah. And we're to love the word that judges us. Hallelujah. Amen. Uh uh the the writer, I think it was King Lemu, said, "Every word of God is pure. He is a shield unto them that put their trust in him. Add thou not to his words, lest he reprove thee, and thou be found a liar. Hallelujah. So, we never add to the word. We never want to take away from the word. We just want to say what the word says. Hallelujah. And we remember this. I testify into every man that hears the words of the prophecy of this book. If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written this book. If any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life. and out of the holy city and from the things which are written this book. So if you love God, you won't add to the word. If you love God, you won't take away from the word. &gt;&gt; You'll just take only the word of God. The psalm writer said, "The words of the Lord are pure words as silver tried in a furnace of fire, purified seven times, seven church ages." Hallelujah. Thou shalt preserve them, oh Lord. Thou shalt preserve them from this generation forever. So see church, we know we have the pure words of God. There they have to be somewhere in this world. There's got to be some Bible version that has pure words. Aren't you glad we have the pure words of God? The words God used to give to brother Brandham to give us a revival in this day. Hallelujah. Amen. Lamid. Now I didn't look up what number what letter that was in their alphabet. forever, O Lord. Thy word is settled in heaven. So think about that, church. The very word we're reading tonight is already in heaven. There's some record of it. Maybe it's a spiritual Bible. Maybe it's just in the mind of God. But we know there's books in heaven, right? Spiritual books in spirit form, right? But this word is already in heaven. So it's going to judge heaven and it's going to judge earth. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So the only way to escape judgment is to put the word of God on your heart. Hallelujah. Repent of your sins and let the Holy Spirit write the word of God on your heart. Thy faithfulness is unto all generations. So God will be faithful to us in this generation. God won't forsake us. God won't quit on us. God won't reject us. God will be faithful to us. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's faithful to every generation, church. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Don't think he's a he's rejected you. He has not abandoned you. He's faithful to you. &gt;&gt; His word can never fail. &gt;&gt; Thou has established the earth and it abideth. So that's the proof. Remember that was God's proof to Israel. How how does Israel know God's not going to forsake her? The sun will keep coming up. Amen. The sun will come up. He said, "That's how I know." He said, "As day and night," he said, "As day and night will continue, right? Morning and evening and day and night. As that continues, so will my love for Israel continue. And remember, she's cut off even from the holy tree. We're grafted in. So God will not forsake us. We're grafted into God's spirit. Amen. Now, let's look at some quotes from God's prophet, Brother Ram. I want to make a video on how Brother Ram loved the Bible. How many love the Bible tonight? A prophet's love of the word of God. He said, "Every word of God, every word of the Bible is inspired. Every word is thus sayeth the Lord." I believe the Bible is the inspired word of God. Every word of it is inspired. I don't believe just this is not inspired and this is and that is. I believe it's all inspired. It's either all right or all wrong. And it's if it's all mixed up, then we don't know what to do. But it's every bit the truth. I'm willing to sacrifice my life at any moment for what thus sayeth the Lord is here. Sounds like brother Ramb believes the Bible, doesn't it? &gt;&gt; All of it. Every word of it is inspired. Now, it's either all inspired or none of it's inspired. I believe every word of it inspired. Written by God if we can only rightly put it in its place where it belongs. And if we put it in its place, God will perform and operate and prove his word. Hallelujah. Praise God. That's all we got to do, church, is let the word of God get in its position in our lives, and it will go to performing in your life. How many have seen it perform? You believe God's word. You trust in God's word. God brings his word to pass in your life. Amen. It's all inspired. Now, this old dear, dear old blackbacked Bible, I believe it with all my heart. Mine's blackbacked tonight. And if it isn't true, then it's wrong. I want to have nothing to do with it. But I believe that every word of it is inspired. And every word of God, it is God's own word. And I believe that those I'm sorry that the right mental attitude towards any of those divine promises will bring them to pass. Now I believe he has risen from the dead. Now I've tried to show balance to that quote. Uh the right attitude toward any promise of God will bring it to pass if it's been revealed to you. Right? Like remember sister Steedcliff her her baby died and she phoned brother Brandham from Germany and said brother Brandham we were willing to fly you to Germany to pray for the dead baby and brother Bham said let me go pray about it. Now this woman had the right mental attitude right towards the promise of God. Can God raise the dead church? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Was her attitude right? Yes it was right. She had the right mental attitude. But was the promise to her that her dead child would raise from the dead? Brother Brandham found out the promise was not to her. The the Holy Ghost or the Lord told Brother Brham, "Don't touch that. That's my hand. Don't rebuke that. Bury the baby." And the church said, "So see church, we got to be very careful even with this quote. I believe a right attitude toward any promise of God will bring it to pass if it's revealed to you and I as for us and our life." Does that make sense? And brother Brandham said that Lutheran said my I really appreciate brother Brandham uh he waited till he got a clear-cut decision from God. That's what we need. We need a clear-cut decision from God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Now if we are real genuine believers, which I believe we are when these scriptures are ministered to us, there's nothing can tell us any different. There's nothing they can say that it's wrong. How many could raise up? How many infidels? How many unbelievers? How many could explain this or that the other? God keeps his word. And Mark 16 is just as inspired as John 3:16. The whole thing is the word of God. Every word of it is inspired. All of it is God if you just read it the way it says. Hallelujah. Church, let's believe all the word of God. He's God in Germany. He's God in Switzerland. He's God in Arizona. He's God in Akran. I I inserted that myself. He's God everywhere. He's gone in the housetop. He's God in the cellar. He's God in the church. He's God in you. Amen. Yes, sir. I believe him. Every word that he spoke is thus sayith the Lord. I believe this Bible to be the truth. Do you believe it to be that way? Talking about every word is thus sayith the Lord and allowed it to be written. God meant for every word to be written this Bible. And woe to the man or woman that'll take anything away from it. Now he says the Bible is infallible which means free from any air. Now if he comes down in our midst tonight and I'm just your brother remember but it's the claims that I say about him that he's the same. Here's what I believe. I believe every word of the Bible is absolutely infallible the truth. I think you can't say this is not inspired. That's not inspired. I believe it's all inspired of God. And I'm willing tonight to hang my soul on any phase of it and say, "It's the truth. I believe the whole book." Praise God. Amen. Kind heavenly father, we approach thee to thank thee for this written word to realize what a super I'm sorry, what a supreme sacrifice has been paid that we could have this word tonight. It's the most persecuted book in all the world, right? People dying in Nigeria, all over the world. And yet the greatest seller of all literature that was ever written. It's the the absolute one book that every word is infallible. How many books are infallible, church? One. So, are my books out there infallible? Are Brother Bram's books infallible? No. There's only one book that's infallible. But do we thank God for those books? Do we thank God for Brother Bram sermons? Yes. I love the church age book. Oh, yeah. And I got new church age books out there. But let me know if you want one by God's grace. Yeah, brother Chris, I got them out there. That's right. I bought 10 new I think it was 10 new church age books. the red ones, the nice ones, but don't take it unless you're going to read it. That's what I want to say, right? Hallelujah. Let's save it for somebody who's going to read it by God's grace. I'd rather, as I've said many times, lay on my stomach and drink branch water and eat soda crackers and be popular with God. Amen. Look at that. How many want to be popular with God? Amen. Glory. Praise God. Amen. I want to I want God to know my I want the devils to know MY NAME BECAUSE GOD KNOWS MY NAME. PRAISE GOD. AMEN. &gt;&gt; Than to have the best there is in this world gives if I had to compromise on my faith in the Lord Jesus Christ and his Bible. In other words, I don't want to compromise on the word of God. I believe this is the infallible word of God and every word of it is right. Yes, sir. And as Christians, we believe that this Bible is the infallible word of God. If I cannot accept it, every word, then I cannot have faith. &gt;&gt; Right? You cannot have faith in something that you're in doubt about because you must have faith in something that you believe in. Hallelujah. Our heavenly father, we're now approaching the throne of thy grace. Now, we could not come by the throne of justice because if we'd get justice, we'd all die. See, you don't want God's justice. You want God's mercy. He says uh he says, "But we're bidden to come by the throne of grace with the promise that our Lord told us, if we ask the father anything in my name, it'll be granted." Now, we know that's the truth. It has to be the truth. It's the word. And we believe this Bible to be your infallible word, every word of it is of God. And we hold on to it and cherish it with all of our hearts. Now remember, brother Ram said, "I'm not infallible." So if brother Ram's not infallible, we can't make every word of his infallible. And how many books are infallible? What proves God just reveals to his prophets what he wants them to know. Nothing else. Prophets are not infallible people. Prophets are not angels. They're men. Men are not infallible, but God is. So God's infallible. So God wrote a perfect book. Man, you get your mind on a man, he'll make a mistake. See, that's how you got to look at me as a pastor and any preacher. Brother Dale, brother Oh, yeah. We got Brother Cam coming in December by God's grace. So looking forward to that. By God's grace. Yeah, I forgot to send the the text. He says, "Maybe not willfully, but he'll he'll do it. God permits him to do it so that he can shake your faith away from man. Our faith is not in the wisdom of man, but in the power of the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Now, you want to believe me as your pastor when I'm quoting the word of God. And I'm not putting my own thought to it, and which I try not to do that ever. I never want to do that, but I want to preach the word of God so somebody here tonight believes God's word. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now, I love this one. I read this one not long ago. And these answers are not infallible. see brother Ram's answers because the scriptures is infallible and as far as I know they're lined up with the scriptures. I hope that makes it plain and the tape is to be kept now and anyone that would want it why they could have it. But now I know the scriptures are infallible but my answers are not infallible. So I'm sure everyone understands that and if it's not if it's not infallible then you have a right maybe to ask me at any time. So brother always showed the difference. I'm not infallible but God's word is infallible. CL. Yeah. Infallible is another word for perfect. Free from errors. Yeah. Give two glass. Good question. Yeah. Yeah. Infallible is another word for perfect. But saying not my my words and my answers are not perfect all the time. Now were some of them. Yes. Right. Some of them were many of them were. Right. If brother's quoting the scripture or brother's preaching about the scripture and it's right, that's infallible. Just like any preacher. Now when brother said thus sayith the Lord, now that's infallible too. Hallelujah. But brother saying, "Not all my words are infallible like Jeffersonville says." Now, I love this quote. Brother says, "We absolutely believe the Bible and that alone." In other words, you can only put full confidence in one book. That's the Bible. Look at what he says. Now, Brother was saying, uh, some people were saying that they could prophesy and leave one wife and go to another wife. He says, "Now this church knows we don't stand for no such Tommy rot is that Tommy rot members foolishness." I showed you what that meant. Remember, we believe in the Bible. We believe that when man takes a woman, that's his wife and death only can separate them. That's only We don't believe such stuff as that. We don't believe in free love either. We don't believe in that stuff. We absolutely believe the Bible and that alone. See, so got to you got to get that. I believe the church age book. I believe the seven seal book, but not with the same type of belief that we believe the Bible. &gt;&gt; Every word in the Bible is thus sayith the Lord. &gt;&gt; Any book but any other book written by any other man, you can put some trust in it maybe, but not all of it's infallible. Only the Bible's infallible. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. The Ram said, "The Bible, I believe every word of it. It's the only book like that." There's only one book there is in existence is that Bible. Oh, yeah. It's the only book that tells you where you come from, who you are, where you're going. And I believe every word of it just I believe it's just like it's just written there. I just ready to hang my soul on any phase of it and say it's thus sayith the Lord. Yes, sir. My absolute is Jesus Christ, God's word. Brother Ram said, "We built we went out and built institutions." Now, thank God we didn't organize the people, took in members, fussed with the Baptist because they didn't believe the way we did. Methodists because they didn't. This way, we hatch out a bigger seminary. Thank God we didn't. Built bigger churches. Thank God we didn't. And better plush pews. Thank God. Well, we got nice chairs. And a bigger organ. Uh, no, we got real small organs. And we got the mayor and everybody in church. We don't have that. And what have we got? A bunch of death. It's tied to a denominational absolute. Oh, death. Oh, far be it. If I die in my tracks, my absolute is Jesus Christ. Upon that is what I believe. If everybody walks out. &gt;&gt; So see church, no matter how many come, how many go to our church, our absolute is Jesus Christ. Now I was trying to tell our friend Brennan that that's why our church is so small because we preach more of the word of God. We try to preach all the word of God. Now we haven't got there yet, but if time goes on, we'll try to get as much as we can preach by the grace of God. I'll say like this. Right before the rapture, they're going to finish preaching all that needs preached because then the bride's going to be ready to be taken home. Amen. So, at some point, the final sermons can imagine that, church, at some point there, we're going to set down the Bible and walk away for the final time for church services. And then whatever was preached that day, we'll finish up what we've needed to hear. And then we're ready to go home with Jesus. My I wonder what that sermon's going to be. Any guesses? Seven Thunder, seven seals. Hallelujah. [laughter] Amen. My what's that going to be? That last message before the rapture to bring our faith to a place where it needs to be so we're ready to meet the Lord in the air. Amen. I wonder what was the last scripture Enoch read or Enoch uh quoted before he took his flight with God to go home. Elijah. Amen. Now Elijah, we can get some closer clues there. We can go see what he said. The last few things Dr. David said to me, "Billy, you preach such a thing like that, you'll preach to the post of the church." Talking about the water baptism, no women preachers. He said, Brother Ram said, "Then I'll be preaching God's word to the posts because God's able of these posts to rise up children of Abraham." Amen. Brother Ram said, "If everybody leaves, I'm just PREACHING THESE WALLS. GOD will turn these walls into believers." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because God will not leave himself without a witness. Praise God. So again, I appreciate you coming on a Wednesday night. If I didn't have anybody here, God would turn these walls into believers, but he don't have to because you're here tonight. Thank you for coming. Glory. He said, "God's word is true." And he said, "You think they'll believe you?" I said, "It's not my business. It's by my business to stay true to the word of God. No matter who believes me or not preaching tonight, it doesn't matter. God's word is true. I hope you believe. I hope I I'll believe with all my heart. Let's believe with all of our hearts. But either way, God's word is true. &gt;&gt; And remember, the spirit will only point to the word of God. It won't point you outside the word of God. Well, this person feels that way or that person feels that way or or that person has that dream or that person has that testimony. No, the Holy Ghost will only point you to the word of God. It's nice if they have a dream, nice if they have a testimony, but it's got to line up with the word of God. But Abraham said, "Then if you have the Holy Spirit, it can only point to the word. It'll never point to denomination. It'll never point to a creed. It'll never point to a way somewhere. It'll point straight to the word." I feel like shouting, he says, "If something inside of a man pulsating, when you see your star, north star setting out yonder, Jesus Christ, the word, and you see the spirit that's in you won't let it move right or left. That's the only one that can. And he come to make the things or to take the things of God and show them to manifest them. Now let me see. I'm about I need to close where I want to hit my highlight here. Let's see. I got Yeah, I'll just close with this. I got last few quotes. Then brother says if you take him Christ as your north star then that absolutely places the Holy Spirit as your compass. Amen. The Holy Spirit is your compass and the compass will only point to the north star. And if you got the baptism of the Holy Ghost, it can only point to Christ. And Christ is the word. &gt;&gt; That's the way to find your way back to Jesus. Oh, thank God. CHURCH, IF YOU'VE GOT ONE OF THESE, YOU CAN FIND YOUR WAY BACK TO Jesus tonight. &gt;&gt; Because the Holy Ghost will only point you to reading your Bible tonight. &gt;&gt; If I got a question, let me read the scripture. I'll find the answer. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It will only point you there. Oh yes, a man from uh Central America, a precious brother, he emailed me and said, "Brother Jesse, what's your opinion on uh the pe the pastors are letting people live in fornication get baptized? What's your opinion on that?" I thought about it for a few minutes. I forgot about it. I thought about again and the scripture, it felt like it coming to come down from heaven, right? I just I just felt the presence of God. And remember 1 Corinthians 5 says, "Don't even eat with a fornicator." So I I emailed the brother real quick. I said, "Look up 1 Corinthians 5." It said, "You won't even eat with a fornicator." If you won't eat with a fornicator, how you even going to baptize a fornicator? So I said, "No, they're doing wrong. If they're baptizing people that are living sexually immoral, don't baptize him." He said, "Brother, that was" He emailed me back. He said, "Brother, thank you so much. I never thought about that scripture. That fits perfectly. They've got to be they got to be living a clean life. In other words, he said, you've got to show the fruits of repentance. Don't baptize people unless they truly show I've changed my life and I'm following Jesus with all my heart. Hallelujah. And don't tell me you love him unless you're obeying him. Because Jesus said, "Why do you call me Lord and you don't do the things I say?" That's good for the children, too, right? God sees your love for him through how you obey your parents. Right? He said, "Don't call me Lord unless you do the things I say." And Jesus said, "If you can't," Remember I tal told the children that last time. I said, "If if he said, if you can't obey somebody you can can see, how can you obey the one you can't see?" Right? If you can't love the the parents or the preacher, whoever it is, if you can't obey the word of God by someone you can see, you won't obey it by somebody you can't see. In other words, in other words, God appears to you in other people. Like we heard from brother Dale, right? It's Christ in you, the hope of glory. And if you can't obey someone with Christ in them, you won't obey Christ. Your love for Christ is seen in how you obey your parents' children. Hallelujah. and the pastor. That's exactly right. Hallelujah. That's that's what we see here. If you got the baptism of the Holy Ghost, it'll only you only point you to Christ and Christ is the word. Hallelujah. Now, I'm going to close with this. I got it's already 7:45. My How many enjoying this tonight? By God's grace. It's kind of like a review. I want to go over this again and I want to I want to show and I have so much more. Brother Ram just loves the Bible. The Bible. The Bible. The Bible. The Bible. The Bible. I believe every word of it. It's all thus sayith the Lord. And these people come around and say he's a false prophet. How could a false prophet love the Bible so much when he even has six thus sayith the Lords that have come to pass. My and I gave you what I gave you 27 thus sayith the Lords a few weeks ago. But look how he says a prophet's love for the word of God. Look what brother says. I love the word. The Holy Spirit in me feeds on the word of God. So if you want if you want to feel the Holy Spirit strong in your life, give it the word. Feed it the word. Read your Bible. Christians should always read the Bible. For the Holy Spirit feeds, its food is the word of God. Hallelujah. Man should not live by bread alone. Amen. There it is. But by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God. That's what the Christian lives on. The word. See, the reason people don't live closer to God, they're not they're not reading the word of God like they ought to. And church, don't read your Don't read the word so much on here. There's Tulsi. Don't Don't read the word so much on here. It has too many distractions. Read the word by itself. Put your full focus on the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. There's no notifications you're going to get from here other than from God. He's going to notify you something special. Hallelujah. And he's here tonight to receive the word. The hol Oh, yeah. He says the Holy Spirit loves the word. The Holy Spirit loves when we preach the word of God and he's here tonight to receive the word and it's in you and the word comes forth. Then the Holy Spirit takes the word and reveals it. Brother said, "Let's strike." He said, "Let's strike Matthew 21 right away." See, we still got quite a little time. Oh, I love the Bible. So, he's preaching. Said, "Oh, let's go to Matthew 21. I love the Bible." &gt;&gt; I'd like to read from a scripture tonight. And I love the scripture reading God's eternal word. We can just base our faith upon that blessed, eternal, immortal word and know that it is sure. Oh, I wish we'd turn to scriptures just for a few moments of meditations on the Bible. I love the word. Oh, I just wish I could expressed it. You know where I preach my best sermons? Yeah, brother. Where? In my prayer room at home or somewhere in my bed. Think about that. We have not heard brother's best sermons yet. In fact, only God and the angels have heard Brother's best sermons. Amen. He preached them in his prayer closet. I lay at night time, get anointed with the Holy Spirit. I preach a half a night to myself. See, church, you got to encourage yourself in the Lord. Hallelujah. Encourage yourself in the Lord. If something strikes your heart, just start preaching it to yourself. Now, sisters, testify to yourself. Okay? Right, sisters. Don't preach. Don't preach a sermon. Live a sermon, but testify a sermon. You can testify a sermon out loud. Oh, if I could just do it like that in the pulpit, but I get too quick. I get too fast. I get a little bit I run ahead of myself. I guess that's because of being nervous. Kind of lose my thought. He says, I love the word. Don't you like to get alone with the Lord? My my just be alone. We used to sing a little song. There are sometimes I like to be all alone with Christ my Lord. Did you ever hear it? I can tell him all my troubles all alone. See, if you're troubled, church, the Bible tells you to go cast your cares on the Lord. Get alone with Jesus and say, "Lord, I'm really struggling. Help me to overcome this. Take this care out of my heart. I care too much about this. I'm worried too much about this." And that's the way he wants to get you alone to himself. God God's thinking, "How can I get Patrick alone to myself? How can I get Jesse alone to myself?" That's what God's thinking. How can I get alone to myself? Malachi, Zion, how can I get them alone? That's what God's wondering, right? Your prayers, not so much as you're, oh, maybe coming, you know, for instance, out in the public when you're praying like in church around the altar. Get alone. You'll pray a different prayer when you're all by yourself than you do in public. slip alone. All of you go out and just have a real secret meeting place where you and the Lord meet several times a day and pray. Hallelujah. Now, in the book of Jude, the third verse, I'm almost done. Let's see how many more I got. Got two more uh musicians can come. Musicians come. He says, "Let's have a little portion of God's eternal word." I love the word, don't you? These are the words of life, God's blessed life. We love them because they speak peace. How many need peace tonight? Amen. Just take the word of God. You'll have peace in your heart tonight. They come from the Bible. The only book that tells me who I am, where I come from, and where I'm going. The only book in existence that tells us that. It's the only book that's written of all the fine literature there is in the world, which Lydia knows a lot of literature. Malachi's read a lot of literature in his life. This is the only book that is positive the truth. Let's say only book ready only book the only book that's positive all truth all thus sayith the Lord you can find peace in here no matter how much others it'll be little things that that's flaws and failures and everything but this can never fail heaven earth will pass away but my word will never fail God's truth last quote let's stand on our feet all of us here he says going back to the word I love the word for after Paul, that's where we said last night that faith takes its solemn basis, takes its stand on the word of God. So, church, where does where does God's word stand? Now, I'm not going to do it, but I I could do it. But where does faith stand? Faith stands right on the word of God. So, where do you stand? Now, church, listen. Let's be honest. A lot of times, what do we stand on? We stand on our feelings over here. Or we stand on what what we see over here. Well, I saw this or I heard this. I'm going to stand on that. That's that's where I'm going to stand. Let's not do that. Let's come back and stand where we need to stand on God's holy word. Brother said, "If you've got faith, it'll stand right on the word of God." I'd never do that to a sacred book. But I'm sure some people have. Now, someone might come in and say, "Well, I've seen this happen or that happen." But yet, if it has no scriptural background, we just can't hardly believe that it's true. Hallelujah. Like do you remember that story brother told about the preacher? The preacher he talked to the preacher said God bless you. He said oh here let me introduce you to my wife and he's like uh he's like this is my second wife so- and so. So he divorced his first wife and introduces brother Ram to his second wife and she's all painted up and and brother Ram shakes her hand she walks away and he says, "Brother Ram, isn't my wife a saint?" He said, "Well, she looks looks more like a hint, like she's not a saint because she's all painted up." And she said, "Well, you're right, Brother Brandham. You know, she's got all this paint on, but you know, I saw I had a dream, Brother Bam. In the dream, I saw Jesus saying saying, "Oh, you you can divorce your first wife and take this woman." And Brother Bam said, "That sounds so sweet." He said, "But it was from the devil." Right? It sounds so sweet. Jesus saying, "Oh, you don't have to stay married to this person. You can marry this person." Ram said, "It sounds so sweet, but it goes against the word of God." So, I can't hardly believe that dream. I won't take that dream. Hallelujah. Any dream that goes against the word of God, you can't hardly believe it. Don't take it. Only take the word of God. If you're not sure what does brother say set it up on the shelf in time you'll see right whether it's right or whether it's wrong I was going to share something but maybe I say that till Sunday by God's grace but when we find thus sayith the Lord that settles it to me when God says so that is where it is eternally true and we love the word how many love the word tonight God bless you let's have a word of prayer I trust That was a good refresher there by God's grace. I want to watch the time. I just want to reiterate, church, the importance of the word of God. Aren't you glad you had a prophet who talks so many good things about the Bible? Isn't that beautiful? Hallelujah. He said, "If I die in my tracks, my absolute is Jesus Christ, the word of God." Hallelujah. It's my absolute. It's your absolute. It's the final say. Hallelujah. It's the final say on every argument, every question in your life. If you want some peace, we got to look in the Bible. If you want some hope, you got to look in the Bible. If you want victory tonight, you got to look in the Bible tonight. God knows what you have need of. I don't, but God knows what we have need of. You know what? Let me read one more here. Um, if you would just put this one back up here. This was real special to me. I did a video about how Brother Ram's absolute was the Bible. And this is the last quote I used. May Jesus become the absolute to the entire congregation. Brother was praying for the church and he says, "Stand with the church who prayed with me and stood by me in the times of trouble. Lord, I love them." Now, church, thank you for standing with me through my times of trouble. Hallelujah. You pray for me when I've been in trouble. I want to pray for you when you're in trouble. And I offer my prayer that they will look to you, Lord. May they look away from this mortal clay of a servant. May they look to him who is omnipotent. Omnipotent is all powerful. Who's our powerful here tonight? Is it any of us? It's only Jesus. [snorts] No matter who we are, we're still mortal. [music] But not the messenger, the message. Granted, Lord, that's where we point to Jesus Christ, the son of God. Grant that he will be so real to everyone here today, even to little children. Little children. May Jesus be so real to the little children that he will become the absolute of the entire congregation. We ask it in [music] Jesus name. Amen. Let's have a word of prayer here by God's grace. Father, we thank you for tonight. Lord, thank you for this refresher. Lord, it was refreshing to me to see [music] a prophet's love for the word of God. Lord, Brother Ram just said it over and over again. I love the word. [music] I love the I love the message. I love the scriptures. Hallelujah. Just like David. Just like Jeremiah, just like Job. Hallelujah. Just like John. Oh, it's like honey. It's like honey in my mouth, Lord God. Lord, if your people need a taste of honey, I pray, Lord, they'll find it tonight in your Bible, Lord God. Lord, maybe they need a taste of peace. Maybe they need a taste of victory, Lord God. Your word has what they have need of tonight. Lord God, I pray Lord that Jesus Christ, [music] Lord, you'll become the absolute to every member in this congregation, even to the little children. Lord God, may each person look to the Bible like it is thus sayeth the Lord, like every word is inspired. And may they have the right mental attitude towards the promises that you've revealed to them. [music] So many promises pertain to us, the bride of Jesus Christ. Oh God, may we have the right mental attitude. [music] May we believe what the word of God says. The word says I'm forgiven. Hallelujah. May the word The word says I'm free. The word says I'm victorious. The word says I'm a child of God. The word says I'm adopted by the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. Praise God. The word says all these things. The word says I don't have to be afraid. I can be strong. The word says, "I don't have to be in bondage." Hallelujah. Thank you that the word gives us victory over our enemies. May every person leave here tonight with victory over the enemy. Grant it, Lord Jesus, because the word of God is more [music] powerful. The word of God is their life. It's my life. Thank you for a prophet that loved the word of God. How I love it tonight. I love reading what he said. [music] Lord God. Hallelujah. If I die in my tracks, Jesus Christ is my absolute. Hallelujah. Oh, may Jesus Christ be the absolute to every person here tonight. May they believe Jesus Christ and not the lies of the enemy. Oh God, thank [music] you for sending a prophet. So many prophets that made the word [music] of God the absolute. We give you glory.
