################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - (4-13-25) The Spirit of Burning, Pt. 8 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-13
Title:    (4-13-25) The Spirit of Burning, Pt. 8 - Jesse Smith
Speaker:  Jesse Smith
Church:   Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 24m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eezNXFxB30s
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Pentecost by the grace of God. Acts chapter 2 verse one. I'd like to look at the spirit of burning. Uh this is part 8 by God's grace. Acts chapter 2 verse one. Hallelujah. So, I'd like to continue this series here. I may have maybe one or two more sermons here, maybe some more here by the grace of the Lord. But we trust the Holy Spirit will have his way today. Hallelujah. We just want to let the Holy Spirit move. Hallelujah. and meet every need. Hallelujah. There's no man or woman that can meet any need here. It has to be the Holy Ghost. Praise God. Hallelujah. That's the supernatural gospel that we enjoy, that we serve. Hallelujah. We serve God because it's God moving in us. Hallelujah. Uh man, I'm I'm here to plant. I'm here to water today. But I can't give any increase in anybody's life. Nor can you. We can only plant and water. You can water in someone's life. You can plant a a word in someone's life. But God has to give the increase. Hallelujah. And I love how God, he always shows up. Hallelujah. If you're ready, he'll show up. He's right on time. Hallelujah. Acts chapter 2, verse one. Now, we've been looking at this spirit of burning here, and we'll re review it briefly here. Uh, by the grace of the Lord. I want to do one through four. I'll read one and two, then we can read three and four together. And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place. And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind. So notice, you're not going to be ready for it when it comes. It's just going to come. Hallelujah. Just like Jesus said, you don't know where the wind blows, right? You don't know when it's going to blow, but it's going to blow. Hallelujah. I I told you at least three people have felt the wind of the Holy Ghost flow right through this room right here. Praise God. So we know Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. It comes suddenly like that. Suddenly, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. Praise God. So, everyone felt the presence of God. Verse three. Let's read three and four. 1 2 3. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them, and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues as the spirit gave them utterance. Let's have one more word of prayer. Father God, Lord, meet the needs of your people today. Lord, we know this is how the church started and we know this is how the church continues. Lord God, without this, a church dies. Even as Zion said last night, Lord, uh the like Judas took the uh he he took the pale horse rider. He took spiritual death rather than Pentecost. Hallelujah. So, Father, thank you that the church today, our church lives today by the fire that fell on Pentecost. Hallelujah. It's still falling today, Lord God. Let your fire fall today and minister to your people. We'll give you thanks and praise. Thank you for each and everyone who's in the house of the Lord today and be with those that couldn't make it, Lord. May your spirit go to them and minister to them. And father, Lord, just open up your word in a special way today in Jesus Christ's name. And the saint said, amen. God bless you as you're being seated. Praise God. I'll have some uh notes to show therea by the grace of the Lord. So, I want to kind of pick up where we left off. uh would have been last Sunday by God's grace. We looked at part seven of the spirit of burning. Now just a a brief review. We've been through these five examples of Isaiah felt the burning of the Holy Ghost and that put him into service. Hallelujah. Jeremiah felt the burning. He said it's like fire in my bones and that kept him in service. So that's what will keep you from quitting the Christian faith. God will send his holy fire and it will burn in your heart and you'll say, "Oh, I was going to quit, but I'm not going to quit." Hallelujah. Because of the fire of God. Hallelujah. Cleop and his friend were walking on the road to Maymus and Jesus preached to them for about two or two and a half hours. And that they they said it burned within us as he talked to us along the way or preached to us along the way. And this burning produced a revival of joy in their hearts. It also produced the dissolving of all doubts. Is he arisen? Is Jesus was he the Messiah? Is he Is he alive? Is he dead? What what what was Jesus? The burning took away all the doubts. Hallelujah. And that's what the Holy Ghost in you will do. It will take away all your doubts. Praise God. That's right. And then David, of course, we saw he had the burning to meditate on his service. How much time do I have left? And am I going to live? How many years left do I have, Lord? How much time do I have to serve you? And he as he meditated on that, the burning fire came down and it showed him it wasn't the end. He was still going to be king. Hallelujah. You might feel like you're running for your life for many, many years. Like David was running for many, many years, but the spirit of fire, the spirit of burning came into his heart and let him know God was not done with him yet. Hallelujah. There was more service to come. Hallelujah. And then we looked at last week about the Pentecostal saints. They received the burning not just to start a service or keep them in service, but to be Jesus's true witnesses in their service to the ends of the earth. Praise God. Because God had finished up with the Jews as far as blinding them uh during their uh Old Testament church age and now God's putting in the New Covenant or the New Testament church and now they have power or the burning or fire to be witnesses. Hallelujah. And if you're born again, you've got a fire to be a witness in Akran. Hallelujah. or wherever you live. Hallelujah. Wherever you are, the Holy Ghost gives you power to be a witness. Hallelujah. That's our just brief review. And we saw also last week how on the day of Pentecost, the fire rested above them, the Bible said. So, see, once you're born again, the Holy Ghost rests upon you. Now, you're going have to fight off evil spirits and evil anointings. And you might do things, but said you might do things you never thought you'd do. You might get into s such traps or snares. But pretty soon, the fire of God is going to rebuke that evil spirit. The fire of God's going to cause that devil demon to flee. Hallelujah. And then you'll be free because the fire of God rests upon you. And not only does it rest upon you, it gives you rest. Hallelujah. So you don't rest in your ability. You don't you don't rest well. I know I'm going to heaven because of what I did. You don't rest upon yourself. You rest on Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. That's what we saw last week. It's rest for your soul. Jesus said in Matthew 11:29, "I come to give you rest so your souls can rest. You won't worry at night. Am I saved? Am I not lost? You might battle that, but ultimately the spirit of God will let you know. You are saved by grace, not of works, lest any man or woman should boast. Hallelujah. You're saved by the grace of almighty God. Hallelujah. Now, here's what I want to get to. Uh, and I'm going to do a little bit of review here. By the grace of God, Pentecost, the day of Pentecost was foreshadowed in Proverbs chapter 1. So, if you have your Bibles, let's go to Proverbs chapter 1. And we'll see some similarities here. This struck me a number of years ago when I was actually preaching the Proverbs series when brother William first came to uh America if I'm not mistaken. Proverbs chapter 1. Amazing book. I'm I think I'm currently in chapter chapter Yeah, I just finished chapter five this morning reading through or chapter four this morning and just amazing verses here. Amazing. But we see here in chapter one, uh, we're going to see some similarities here. Now, notice it's a woman in Proverbs, uh, chapter 1 verse 20. Wisdom is likened unto a woman. Hallelujah. Of course, God is likened unto a man. So, his spirit active among us is likened unto a female, right? Because a female's submission, right? And that's what the Holy Ghost is to teach us to be submissive to God. Hallelujah. So, Proverbs is like it unto a woman. It's God's spirit now dealing with his bride, his church. Hallelujah. So, we see it in verse uh verse 20. Wisdom crith without. She utterth her voice in the streets. So, the spirit of God goes out into the streets. Hallelujah. Goes out with you on the job. Hallelujah. Goes out with you to Walmart or Target, wherever you like to go. And the spirit of God is there trying to share the word with other people. It doesn't hide it. The wis the word of God doesn't hide itself. The word of God must be shared. Hallelujah. Now, it's nice we can share on internet and things like that. But the most impactful is face to face. Hallelujah. Amen. Because that's what it did at the beginning. It went out into the streets. It was like a woman. This feminine uh aspect here of the Holy Spirit. It's God's spirit moving out. Hallelujah. And it's moving to the church. And remember the church was on the day of Pentecost. It was likened unto a woman. And the Bible said uh 3,000 were added to the church. Church means called out. Called out of Egypt. Hallelujah. They're the called out ones. And Ephesians 5 says Christ is like the man in the relationship, right? And the woman's likened unto the church. It's a great mystery. But I speak concerning Christ and the church. Hallelujah. So, we see a great similarity here. And notice it's voice in the streets. That's what the Holy Ghost did on the day of Pentecost. They started in the upper room, but their worship got so loud. They were declaring how wonderful God is. Oh, Jesus is wonderful. God is wonderful. Uh he he he took our sins away on the cross. It's so wonderful to be forgiven. Hallelujah. And I bet Peter was right there. So wonderful wonderful for me to be forgiven even though I denied him three times. Hallelujah. Though I disgraced my Lord, though I though I disgraced the the the Messiah three times publicly, yet I'm forgiven. And yet he'd still send me the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. I certainly don't deserve it. But his it shows how rich in mercy he is. Hallelujah. And he's out there. No doubt he's out there because I I feel the fire of God. I feel the power of God. I'm forgiven. God fill me just as he promised. Hallelujah. Amen. This is what he promised me, right? He said, "Go up to Jerusalem. wait there until you're endued with power or clothed with power from on high. Hallelujah. And God sent it. And so in chapter one in Proverbs, the spirit of God as a woman goes out in the streets and starts spreading the word of God. That's what they did on the day of Pentecost. Hallelujah. Look at verse 21. She crith in the chief place of concourse. In the openings of the gates in the city, she utterth her words, saying, "Now, if you go back and look at it on a map, where the upper room is is right near Caiaphas's house. Kai, it's it's almost a couple streets over. Caiaphas's house where they took Jesus to put him on trial the night of his arrest." So, one of the first people, Glory, one of the first people that heard Jesus is alive. The Holy Ghost is here. Amen. One of the first people that heard it was Caiaphas and his family, the one who crucified him. Hallelujah. See, because wisdom has to go out and say, "No, you crucified him. This was the Messiah." But his spirit's here. It's better that that he was crucified because now his spirit can go upon every believer. Hallelujah. And the spirit of God is not confined to just one person, Jesus. Now it's in the many membered bride of Jesus Christ. It's in the many membered church of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. And Caiaphas was one of the first ones, no doubt, in his family and his servants because he was a rich man that got to hear that Jesus is alive and the Holy Ghost has been sent from heaven. Hallelujah. Glory. Now look at uh she uttered her words saying verse 22. Now notice what's her first words? It's a rebuke. How many know that brother Brandham used Acts chapter 2? Brother Ram used Acts chapter 2 for his indictment sermon in 1963. Indictment means to declare someone is guilty. An indictment. Peter on the greatest day was the greatest day for the church. Now the greatest day was the resurrection. But the birthday of the church, the birth of the church, what does he do? He brings the word, but he also brings an indictment. Sound familiar? Like the spirit of judgment. We all been paying attention these last eight services, right? He has to bring an indictment. He has to bring the spirit of judgment before the spirit of burning can come. So look what this woman does in verse 22. How long you simple ones? That means foolish ones. So she goes out there and she sees a bunch of foolishnesses. She said, "How long are you going to be a fool? Why would you remain a fool when wisdom is here?" Hallelujah. Why would you remain in sin and be a foolish type of person? Why be a foolish virgin? Can I say like that? Because the wisdom is here. The wise virgin is here. Hallelujah. Why be foolish? Don't be foolish because the word of God is here today. Why do you love foolishness? See, people just love their pleasures of sin. And remember it today, it's a battle for which one do you love more? Will you be a lover of pleasure or will you be a lover of God? Make the choice. Hallelujah. Amen. This is serving God is all about love. You We've got to give God all of our love. Hallelujah. That's right. And that's what Jesus said. That's why people are lost because they love the world more than they love Jesus. What a sermon Nicodemus heard in John chapter 3. He heard this beautiful sermon. He heard John 3:16. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth him should not perish but have everlasting life. And he heard you must be born again. How can I enter in my mother's womb again? He said you're a master yet you don't even understand spiritual things. Oh, let's be careful what we call ourselves. Hallelujah. Not to pride exalt ourselves like we know something. We don't know nothing except God opens our understanding. Praise God. But hold your spot there and let's go to John 3:1 19. I just feel impressed to say I didn't get a chance to put in my notes because uh just didn't have the time. Let me just share this. It's all about love. That woman goes out and says, "How long will you be a fool? Don't be foolish. Don't love the world. Love God." Hallelujah. Look at 19. This is the condemnation that light is coming to the world and Jesus is the light and men love darkness rather than light because their deeds were evil. So see it all he just talked about uh he just talked about John 3:16 and and if you believe you're saved but then he goes down people are going to be condemned. In other words, they're not going to be saved because they love the world more than they love God. It's all boils down to love. That's why the greatest commandment is to love God with all your heart, soul, mind, and strength. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And let me just remind you, brother Austin and I were talking on Monday, or was it Monday, brother? Yeah, it was Monday or Tuesday. Tuesday. And brother Austin and I were just talking. We were reminded of how Joseph, he just ran from the evil. And that was a real man. A real man, a woman will run from wickedness. That doesn't make you look weak. That makes you look strong. You're running to your city of refuge. Hallelujah. You're running to victory. You're running to mercy. You're running to forgiveness. You're running away from temptation. And you're running to the power, the source of power. Hallelujah. That's right. Amen. See, that's why people go to hell. They love the world more than they love God. Verse 20. For everyone that doeth evil hates the light, neither cometh to the light, lest his deed should be reproved. Now, we're all going to sin. So, the what the difference with us is that when we sin, we'll go to God and say, "God, let the spirit of judgment come on me and let me judge myself that I'm guilty and I've broken your commands. I'm not blaming anybody else. It's my fault." That's the spirit of judgment. That's what Isaiah said. He said, "I'm a man of unclean lips. I dwell amongst unclean people." Amen. He didn't put it off on anybody else. He said, "I'm unclean just like the people on me." And God honored that so much. He said, "Praise God." He said, "I'll forgive." He said, "Praise myself." He said, "Glory." And he said, "Because you've judged yourself the right way, I'm sending you the burning of the Holy Ghost." Hallelujah. He said, "Angel save him. Go get the tongs and bring a coal off the fire of the altar and set it on his lips and take away his iniquity. Take away his sin." Church, it can be done in a moment. Just like that, your iniquity can be taken from you. You can be clean that fast if you just confess your sin and let heaven come down and anoint you. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. And then God's like, who am I going to send? And Isaiah's like, I'll go. I've had the fire of God on my lips. I'll go share the word. I'll go speak the word. I'll be a servant. I'll go have a ministry because I've recognized I'm a sinner. Therefore, God forgave me. And now I can speak for God because I've got the spirit of burning and the church said, "Hallelujah." George, that's the more I realize, the more I live, the longer I live. That's what happened to me when I first preached. I told you the story. I fasted for a couple days before that first week I preached for brother Brooks. But before I went out there, I was shaking behind, you couldn't see it. There was a nice song service, but behind the curtain, I'm shaking like a like a leaf. God, show me if I'm a preacher. Show me if I'm a preacher. a vindicate. If I'm a preacher and I preach and the whole altar is full of people repenting and getting right with God, confessing their sin, God knows how to back up his word. Hallelujah. Amen. But see, first you got to have the spirit of burning. God's got to burn out your own desires, your own sinful nature. God's got to burn that out and he's got to place his spirit in there and then God can use you for his service. That's right. So see church, verse 20 says we got to come to the light. Yes, we're all going to sin. So when we fall short, come back to God. Don't run away from God. Come back to God. Like Adam stayed away. He went and hid from God. Well, we all do that. We might hide for a few hours, but then we'll come back to God. And the church said, "You might hide for a week, months. Some people might be week, weeks, years, decades. It's up to you. You can hide as long as you want. But I suggest you come out and just admit to God what you've just come to the light. Praise God. Don't hide away in darkness. Don't hide where it's dark. Come out of that darkness and come into what the Bible says is this marvelous light. Hallelujah. Glory. Because listen, church, we all got mistakes. You the the more light you shine on something, the more uh flaws and details and wrinkles you see. Hallelujah. And that's normal. But that just lets us know we're the church. We need a savior. We need a redeemer. We need a husband. We need amazing grace. We need eternal love. We need a love that doesn't judge. We need divine love. And God gives us the divine love of God. Hallelujah. That song that we sing, prone to wonder. Lord, I feel that. Prone to leave the God I love. That's all of us. That's that's more real to me than it's ever been before. My human nature is so prone to leave the word of God. Our our our human nature so easily to forget the word of God. But what's the end of that song say? The end of the song says, "Lord, come down and seal me for your courts above. I'm prone to wonder, but Lord, come down. Set a mark upon my soul that I belong to you." Praise God. I'm prone to wonder. I'm I'm prone to leave the God I love. But God, I love you. Come down and mark me so that I'll always be yours. I'll never lose my salvation. I'll never lose who you made me to be, but I'll be a child of God that you called me to be. Praise God. Hallelujah. Verse 21. But he that doeth truth, see, you got to do the truth, not just talk about it, not just hear it. You've got to do it. If the Bible says it, do it. And then watch God back up his word. That's right, church. do the word, he that doeth the truth comes to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest, that they are wrought or formed in God. See, you come to God, you confess any evil deeds, and then you come to God, and God will give you good deeds to do. We're supposed to be zealous of good works. Uh we come to God, God washes us clean like just like Isaiah. And then he sends us out. He gives us a commission. For some of you, it might be mothering. That's your commission. For some of you, you might be fathering. For some of you, you might be preaching or music ministry. But everybody's sent out to do something for Jesus. And you come to the light. You confess your deeds. And then God forgives you. And then he sends you out with a real love. I'm forgiven. Oh, how could I not love this God that would forgive me? Hallelujah. All right. Good. Now, back back to Proverbs 1. So the first thing they cry out is she cries out as foolish ones, why will you stay like a fool so long? That's right. Because I now verse 24. No, I'm sorry. Verse 20 uh 22. How long you simple ones will you love simplicity? And the scorners delight in their scorning and fools hate knowledge. So see this is the the reality. You can't Jesus said you can't love God and mammon at the same time. You can't serve both masters. Paul said you can't drink from both cups. The cups of devils and the cup of communion. And really, he said when we drink from the cup of the world, he says like you hate the word of God. Right? Your sin nature will always hate the word of God. That's why you've got to bring it into subjection. That's why you got to make it a slave. Hallelujah. That's right. Now, here we are. Verse 23. No, actually, you know, uh Acts 2:23. Yes. Peter gives the indictment. He said, "You're a wicked and adulterous generation. You've crucified the Lord of glory." So, see the same thing. They're both out in the streets. The spirit of God's out in the street in the days of Solomon. It was prophetic here of how the Holy Ghost will go out into the streets and tell them, "Why are we going to remain a unbeliever? Why remain without the Holy Ghost? You can have the Holy Ghost. You just got to hate to be a fool and you got to want to be wise." Hallelujah. How long? How? In other words, the Holy Ghost like, "How long do I got to wait? How long?" It's this pure woman. This is this it's this virgin woman, right? She's out there. She out there on the streets. How long, my children? How long are you going to wait? Why not Why not make it today? Praise God. Why waste another day? Hallelujah. Why would people do that? Because they love the world more than they love the things of God. Oh, but God came to us and God helped us to love him more than the world. Praise God. That's right. Glory. Look at them say the same thing. And look at verse 123. What does she say? Turn you at my reproof. Recognize it's the wisdom of God trying to get you to turn your ways. It's the wisdom of God. It's the Holy Spirit trying to rebuke the sinner. Turn. That words word re means repent, right? Do a 180. Turn from that path. and recognize it's the love of God saying, "How long will you live like this?" Well, isn't it time to change? Why do you got to keep on the same path? Today is the day of salvation. Hallelujah. He says, "If you," she says, "if you turn, I will pour out my spirit unto you." Oh my, what a promise. Amen. Church, you and I have a promise. If we turn from our sins, God is going to send the spirit of burning. Hallelujah. He's going to send the spirit of God upon us and we'll walk in a fresh power, a fresh anointing. Hallelujah. A transformed mind. Hallelujah. The Bible said the light grows greater and greater. It actually says in Proverbs, unto a perfect day, our lives get more and more with the illumination of the word of God. How many see the world better than you ever have before? I do. I see Israel, the beast we preached on last week, right, Brother Chris? The beast in Babylon. Remember the beast last week? I see it more clearly than it ever has been. Hallelujah. Is that right, brothers? Remember, we looked at the beast last week. I can see the beast system, the Roman Catholic Church system. You can see it more clearly than ever. And we can see the highway of holiness. Glory. The word of God, the righteousness of God is also more clear than ever. I'm just reminded that Wizard of Oz, they they stole that yellow brick road. They stole that. That's actually the highway of holiness. Hallelujah. Devil's always stealing God's ideas. Glory. The Holy Ghost woman there, the the spirit of wisdom, she said, "If you turn and get out of your foolish ways, I will pour out my spirit upon you." See, because when you turn from the world, you come to the woman, right? You come to the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. And then if you come to her, she's going to pour out the spirit of God upon you. Glory. Hallelujah. and I will make known my words unto you. And that's church, once you get the Holy Ghost, that's when you finally start to understand the word. How many wonderful revelations, honey, have we had over all these years now? My goodness, we're just revelation after revelation. It's just unfolding after unfolding. Hallelujah. And it's strength for the journey. It's mana for the journey as we on our journey to heaven. Hallelujah. And so, see this types out then the day of Pentecost where Peter quotes Joel 2:28 and says, "This is that which Joel spoke of, saith God, I will pour out my spirit on all flesh." Hallelujah. Who'd he poured out on the people that were shut in with him? Hallelujah. Glory. They shut in for 10 days. God poured out his spirit on them. Now, Brother said that was just to fulfill the 50-day type. He said, "Now, you don't need 10 days." He said, "Now you just need a a surrendered, sanctified life, and God will pour out his Holy Ghost on you." It's proven in Acts chapter 10, while Peter yet spake the word, the Holy Ghost fell on all them that heard the word of God. Amen. Cornelius didn't need 10 days to get the Holy Ghost. He just needed a preacher that was preaching it because he was already praying and fasting. And the church said, "Amen." See, he was already praying, already fasting, already in the word. He was already giving alms to poor people. Hallelujah. And so, you got to you got to you got to hear the Holy Spirit. That's what the Holy Spirit will lead you into. Prayer, almsgiving, fasting. It leads you into that. And then when you hear the word of God, one of those days, the God's going to pour out his spirit right on you, and you'll be baptized with the Holy Ghost. How many times have I seen it? Praise God. Glory to God. Like that brother from uh Iowa, he always reminds me when I go out there, Liz Paul, he's always like, "Yeah, I remember when you prayed for me, I got the Holy Ghost." I'm like, "Yeah, I remember that. Praise God." He just started throwing up his hands and crying and weeping and glorifying God. And he left that place knewing he had more power than when he walked into that place. Hallelujah. And now, church, now look what he's doing. Now he's doing uh he's doing concerts every couple months bringing hundreds of message people together to sing and worship Jesus. See, he's in service for the king. He's not a preacher. Wait, no, he did preach. Yeah, he did preach. Yeah, he did preach. He is a preacher. That's right. Glory. He's a preacher. And I love it. The Holy Ghost that was on me filled him. Praise God. That's how you get the Holy Ghost. You got to have somebody who's got the Holy Ghost pray for you to get the Holy Ghost. Praise God. Amen. Yeah. Now he's preaching and he's now got a ministry where he brings I mean pe message people they they fly or drive all around the nation to come worship Jesus Christ. Now Jesus Christ is getting more praise than the young people because this man's got the Holy Ghost. He's got a service for God. That's what we need today. Young men and women with a service for God. Hallelujah. That's right. because God poured out his spirit and he's never been the same since that. And you know what sermon I preached that day? You know what sermon it was? The 12 New Testament mysteries. Some people think I'm off the deep end. If I am, then I'm I've fallen into the deep end of Jesus. Hallelujah. I'm falling more in deep in love with God. Hallelujah. But all I know is that God vindicated that sermon and gave him the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And look at him now. Hallelujah. Glory. Praise God. I didn't have to go back. I didn't have to go back and tutor him and kind of show him what to do. The Holy Ghost was already in him. He's had to keep feet of the camel. He's had to keep wire of the camel. And the camel will take him where he needs to go. Praise God. Hallelujah. Now, there's at least two types of the spirit of burning that fell on the day of Pentecost. It's the feast of weeks and the Tower of Babel. And I don't think I've ever preached the Tower of Babel, have I? I could forget. I preach a lot of sermons. 80 sermons times I've been a preacher for 20 21 years. That's a lot of sermons. I've really forgot most of what I preached by now. I've I've forgotten most of what I preached because you just can't remember everything. I go back in my old notes, I'm like, "Glory, glory. I forgot about Hallelujah. I'm I know less or I've forgotten more than I even know." Oh, praise God. But that was fresh to me today. The tower the Tower of Babel is a it's a type of Pentecost where God does the reverse at Pentecost. So, I'm going to close with that in a little bit. I'm nowhere near closing. So, don't misunderstand me. I'm not closing. Hallelujah. Now, I've showed you this before. I'm sorry. This is the highest quality image. It's a little blurry, but remember um at the Exodus in Exodus chapter 12, God starts a new year with Moses. He said, "This this day, first day of Nissan, and we got some good Nissan's out there, too. This first day of Nissan is going to be a beginning of years to you because this is when I start bringing you out of Egypt." So, they came out of Egypt in Nissan. Then they had the uh the Passover, the unleaven bread, first fruits. This is day uh one Passover, day two, day three. First fruits is on the third day after Passover. Now two months later in the third month was the feast of Pentecost. Pentecost means 50. The but the other word the the the other word is the feast of weeks because there's going to be lots of weeks. Uh there's three months of weeks that this feast is going to last. So it's going to be a very long feast. And the church said it's actually the longest feast is the feast of Pentecost. It lasts for the third month, third, fourth, fifth, sixth lasts for four months. And then in the seventh month, you start the the day of atone. I'm sorry, the the feast of trumpets, then day of atonement, then feast of tabernacles. Okay. Now, this shouldn't be too awfully unfamiliar. I preach it over the years. Uh but I thought we could do a review. Now, this is the one I showed. This is another way to look at it. You have three you have you basically have three main uh three main feasts. Passover actually has three feasts in it. Then you have the feast of Pentecost. Then you have the feast of tabernacles which contains three in it. Now they all have a type. Passover represented the cross of Jesus Christ. Unleavened bread represented where uh Jesus took all of our sin and he went down to hell and he took the keys of death and hell. There's no leaven. There was no sin anymore. Jesus dropped the charges. Hallelujah. We sang that on Wednesday. That was such a great song. Hallelujah. Not because we sang it, but the person who wrote it. And then the third day was the feast of first fruits. They waved uh uh they waved the first harvest. And that was represent of Jesus was the first one to raise from the dead. God waved Jesus before everybody and said, "If you believe, you shall live also like this one." Hallelujah. Glory. And then on the day of Pentecost, we'll get to that, they waved two loaves. 50 days after Passover was Pentecost, and they waved two loaves. And then it went on, there was actually two harvests in the time of Pentecost. Barley harvest and wheat harvest. Barley is a less quality type of a a grain and bread. The wheat grain is much more uh appreciated and liked. So I say like this, the best for last. Hallelujah. I'm talking about the I'm talking about the rapture of the whole New Testament church. The body was the day of Pentecost. But there's going to be one more wave. And church, she's waved not on the ground. She's waved in the sky because she's going to meet Jesus in the air. Praise God. Hallelujah. And then after we go in the rapture, the trumpets will be blown by the Moses and Elijah prophet. either them real men or men anointed with their spirits. And remember that's scriptural because uh Elijah's spirit came five times. Moses spirit came on 70 people. Remember this? Some that struck me. I was talking to somebody recently. God said put my or Moses said put my spirit on 70 others. So they had the 70 people had the spirit of Moses along with Moses. Hallelujah. So e either be Moses. Now I believe it'll be Moses and Elijah personally. I believe it'll be them, but I could be wrong. But God can take the spirit of those men and put it on two men. And those two prophets will call the people together for the day of atonement. And that's the day where the the the goat was slayed. There was the the the scapegoat and the goat that died. And that was the day that all the sins of Israel were forgiven in one day. And the Bible said in Isaiah 66 that a nation will be born in one day. All the sin will be taken away from Israel. All the blinders are put away. Shall weep. There it is. the spirit of judgment shall weep from house to house. Hallelujah. Saying, "How do we do it? How do we crucify our Messiah?" We did it. We're guilty. We're indicted for crucifying our Messiah. But then Jesus will come and he'll baptize them with the spirit of burning. 144,000 will receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And then the feast of tabernacles was where they would set up and for seven days they would sit in tabernacles reminding them that they used to live in the wilderness. And that types, of course, the thousand-year millennial reign where we will build houses and we're going to live in them. Hallelujah. Now, remember, men were to appear three times. And I'm not going to read all through this. I can see I'm already going too far here or too long. I just want to say this though before he gets this. Moses says, "Don't make any mention of your other gods." And church, that's what we got to do. We can't let the devil bring old memories back. We can't let the devil uh try to bring up things that we used to enjoy in sin. Don't even talk about it unless you're giving somebody a rebuke warning by the Holy Ghost or testifying like I do, like how bad it was with cigarettes and and immoral magazines and movies. But don't don't dwell on it. Uh and don't don't make it seem like it was good. It was evil. Hallelujah. It was death. Hallelujah. That's right. So don't even talk about that. Three times a year you'll keep all the men, all the leaders had to come three times of a year and worship God. Now we got to come three times a week. Now I like that. I didn't think of that. Unleaven bread. The first one, feast of the harvest, first fruits of thy labors, and the in gathering. That's the wheat harvest. And then he says it again. And then three times here, all the males shall appear before the Lord thy God. And he said, "Thou shalt not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leaven bread, neither shall the fat of my sacrifice remain until the morning. The first of the first fruits of thy lamb shalt thou bring." So in other words, there's your tithes. Always bring your tithes. When you come to worship God, always bring a tithe. A tithe belongs to God. It doesn't even belong to you. That's why it's so easy for us to give tithe because it's not even mine. It's God's. And God's going to use that to help the ministry prepare me for the coming of Jesus. Hallelujah. That's right. And then God promises, I'll send an angel before you. And how many know you got an angel? The Bible said the angel Lord encamps around all those that fear God. So see, it's a beautiful type of what's happened in the spiritual. Okay? And I'm not going to go through all this here. Uh we'll have to get to later. But here's a more simplified version for some of us who just like simplicity. I like simplicity. So in the spring they basically had three. And as you as you transition to summer, there was the Pentecost that lasted four months. And then the fall, you had trumpets, atonement, tabernacle. Now, does that help anybody by God's grace? Okay, just it just gives you another view. It's a less complicated, less details, but you can kind of see this is how their spiritual year went. Now, they also had a natural year, which was all the other months after that is called the the natural year. Now, remember this. I'm bringing this back from when I preached on Zion, the Zion series and David series. The Bible says we are right now at the Mount Zion. Hallelujah. Which basically means we're worshiping at the throne of Jesus Christ right now. In other words, in other words, uh the the throne of Jesus right now in heaven, that's like the top of of the mountain. Hallelujah. And the Bible said we've come. I want everybody say that I've come. Ready? I've come. Now say to Mount Zion. To Mount Zion. Hallelujah. But you're at the spiritual one right now. Now, it's nice if you can afford to go see the natural one. That's nice. I don't have enough money right now, but maybe later. I'd like to see the natural one, but doesn't matter. Either way, I'm going to be there. Praise God. Whether in this life or the millennium. Hallelujah. Either way, I'm going to be there. Hallelujah. Because I'm going to be wherever Jesus is, because that's how I'm ordering my life right now as well. I'm only going to walk how Jesus tells me to walk. Hallelujah. That's how I know I love him because I keep his commands. Now, the word Zion means lofty. So, lofty mountain. We're worshiping at a lofty mountain right now. Okay? And there's at least five meanings. Uh I'm going to skip that because I got I got those five meanings from the the lexicon and the dictionary. I'm just going to give you the a bridge version. Zion is the taller southwestern mountain from Mariah. Hallelujah. Mariah was where uh Abraham took up Isaac to sacrifice him and he and he was going to kill his son, but God provided a substitute. It was on Mount Mariah. Hallelujah. Go Jehovah Gyra. I'll provide myself a sacrifice. Hallelujah. Zion also means the entire city of Jerusalem because there's over almost 170 verses about Zion in the Bible. It also means the entire people of Israel. So it means the city, the whole people, the nation. It's also it can mean a combination of Mariah and Zion. And it could also mean the New Testament kingdom of God, his church, and the future home. That's what we are at right now. Church, we are worshiping right now at spiritual Zion. In other words, your prayers don't come to here. This is a this is not a lofty mountain because I can look down on that. Our prayers go so high God has to look down on it. Hallelujah. Up to the throne of God. Jesus hears your prayers. Hallelujah. They go up to a lofty place. They go up to heaven itself in the presence of God Almighty. Now, here, this is to help you out, too, because I've forgotten these over the last few years. Mount of Olives, that's where Jesus went out to pray before he got arrested. Right now, Jesus was crucified on Gatha. He had to be, this is where the temple of Herod was, uh, where they whipped him and everything, but they had to take him outside the gate, outside the city to crucify him. But he was still crucified in Jerusalem. So, this is Mariah. This is where Abraham, this currently where that filthy Dome of the Rock is. It's a filthy shrine to a false god. Mount Mariah, though, is where the city of David was. Solomon's temple, Abraham and Isaac, all right there. And look, Jesus died right next to it. He He was showing something. He said, "This is my land. This is the beauty of the whole earth. This is God's country. They say Alabama's God's country. No, sir. Jerusalem is God's country. Hallelujah. Because this is where this the the blood was shed. Hallelujah. Now, this is Mariah. This is Mount Zion. Now, does that help her trigger your memory a little bit by God's grace? Now, the elevation Zion is actually higher elevated. It's uh 100 feet taller than Mount Mariah. Mount of ours is actually a little taller. And that's where Jesus comes and he fills the Holy Ghost 144,000 with the Holy Ghost on Mount Olives right there. Hallelujah. But this is where the Bible says it's lofty Mount Zion lot. So see see how exalted it is. And this is a type uh and yeah we'll get to that here at the end here by God's grace. Now that's the north and south. See this is north and south view. This is Mariah. So this is where uh Solomon's temple was. Dome of the rock is currently there. Abraham and Isaac right there. Now, the other mountain next to it on the west was Mount Zion. Now, if you turn it, here's the Dome of the Rock. Everybody see the Dome of the Rock? That's that Muslim shrine. Okay? Then you got the valley right here. And then you got this part right here, Mount Zion down here. Now, Caiaphas's house right down here. That's going to become important later by God's grace. Hallelujah. And that means Jesus would have been crucified right around in here. Somewhere right in here. Now, people have different ideas, but he was outside the gate. He was outside the city. All right. Now, when Moses got the law, that foreshadowed the day of Pentecost. Right now, Exodus 12 says that they left Egypt the day after the Passover. The Bible said they left at night. That's why they had to have their belt tied, their loins girded. That's why they had to have all the leaven out of their house. They had to leave with haste. And church, that's how you got to leave your sin. Get out of your sin. Don't play around with sin. Get out of it. Praise God. Amen. As soon as you get ready, as soon as soon as you're aware of it, get out of it, prodigal. Hallelujah. Get out of it, Joseph. Hallelujah. As we said, they left that night because remember, nighttime was a new day. So, they actually left the day after Passover because their days ended when the sun went down. Oh, end of that date. Now, it's a new day. Exodus 19:1 says they arrived at Si in the third month, right? Third month, Pentecost. Then Jewish history says the law arrived. Moses brought the law down on the 50th day. So Moses brought the tables on the 50th day. Is your is your spiritual mind moving now? The gears moving. I'm going to write the I'm going to write the word not on tables of stone, but on what? Uh now you got it. Now you got 2 Corinthians 3. You got it. I'm not going to write it on tables of stone anymore. It's also in Ezekiel. I'm not going to write it on stone anymore. What good is what good is it if God writes his commandments? Don't wear makeup. Don't cut your hair. Don't lust. Don't steal. What What does it matter if it's here? God don't want it here. God wants it here. Hallelujah. That's what's going to make a difference. Praise God. If it's written on the fleshly tables of our hearts. Hallelujah. Glory. That's what he's trying to say. He's trying to say that we have hearts of stone. That we can't obey the word of God. The only way we can obey it is if we have a tender heart towards the word of God. A soft heart. An the Bible calls it an honest and good heart. Church, just be honest with God. Just tell God where you fail. Tell tell God where you struggle. That's the spirit of judgment. And then the spirit of burning will give you a fresh anointing and you'll be ready to chase that devil out of your life because you don't want to worship Satan. You don't want to love Satan. You want to love Jesus Christ because he died for your sins. He created the world. The Bible said God created all things by Jesus Christ. Glory. Hope I got some voice left over for the evening service. Now, I just want to point that out to you again. The third month. See how it's the third month? That's when Pentecost was. I just did that little uh triangle. Now, I'm going to go through this quickly. This is just a symbol. So, this is Sinai where the law came to Moses. But look how the New Testament is greater. That was Sinai was a great mountain. But spiritually, our mountain is higher. Our mountain is heavenly. It's lofty. Zion went out this morning. I said I said uh I said, "Zion, your name means lofty." He's like, "Let me go ask the guys if they know what Zion means." Did they know Zion? Did they? Did you ask them? No, they didn't know. Okay. I didn't know either. I had to go look it up, too. I forgot the one thing I forgot. And remember, we're The Bible says in Hebrews 12, we're we are come to Mount Zion just as Israel arrived at Si, which represents we're living in the presence of God. Oh my. God's presence is here, church. If we just open our eyes and let the spirit of judgment come on us, then the spirit of burning will come upon us as well. Zion is the same as the city of the living God, as it says in the Old Testament, the heavenly Jerusalem. You we have the complete angelic host, right? Like God opened the eyes of of Elijah's servant, Gahesa, and he saw there was heavenly hosts all around. Anybody been protected of a car accident ever? That was the angels of God that protected you. Amen. Hallelujah. Like I told you, I I passed out one time and I woke up in the I said I said that on Wednesday and I woke up in the perfect sleeping position. How did that happen? No bruises or nothing. How did that happen? My grandpa, like I told you last week, was driving and the the 18-wheer was coming right at him. He said, "Jesus." And he woke up and I forgot to say this, the car was in park. So sometime somehow he swerved or either God just vanished him like Philillip vanished him and my grandmother and they're on the side of the road. He wakes up the car's in park. The cars off. The car was off too. Now I'm remembering. And he wakes up and says, "What happened? Jesus just saved our lives." Hallelujah. All things are possible to them that believe. See, angels gave him a little transport there. That's right. Zion represents the entire body of born again believers to God and Jesus as the mediator on this mountain. We must accept and not refuse God who's speaking to us from heaven. Sound like that woman in Proverbs 1. She said if you accept me then I'll pour out my spirit. If not the Bible say she said I'll refuse your prayers. Let's let's go back to Proverbs 1. Actually I'm already there. Look at verse 24. Because I've called and you refused. I have stretched out my hand and no man regardeth, but ye have set up not all my counsel. See, they don't want the Holy Ghost. They don't want the word of God. They don't want to obey the word of God. So, what does she say? You wouldn't take any of my reproof. Verse 26, I will also laugh at your calamity. I will mock when your fear cometh. Think about during the tribulation period, all these foolish virgins will be crying out to God. God won't hear none of it because they failed to accept the wisdom that was crying in the streets. They called that brother random move or that holiness move. They called a bunch of fanatics. They said the pillar of fire of Brother Ram's head was the devil. Shame on these people. They're blast. Some of them could be blaspheming the Holy Ghost. And church, we can even show them in the Bible about water baptism and makeup and women's hair and not exposing your thighs and all these things. We can show that in the Bible and they wouldn't take it. So God won't hear their prayers during the tribulation period, but God will hear yours now. Hallelujah. Amen. The woman's going to laugh. The Holy Spirit's going to laugh. It's going to mock at their fear. Verse 27, "When your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind, when distress and anguish cometh upon you, then shall they call me, but I will not answer." This is a time God is not going to answer. They shall seek me early, but they shall not find me. For that they hated knowledge and did not choose the fear of the Lord. See, you've got to make a choice today. Am I going to fear God or am I going to love the pleasures of the world? Let's choose Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Look at verse 31. Therefore, they shall eat the fruit of their own way. Right? The Bible calls it fruit of adultery. Fruit of lies. Right? Any sin, any sin that you that people commit is the fruit of the seed that started the seed of lies that went into their mind. Right? It starts as a thought and then it turns into a word. Then it becomes an action and then they got to eat the fruit, the evil fruit of their decisions. They're going to be filled with their own devices. Think about how they're filled with filled with their own uh laptop devices and their tablet and uh iPhone devices that lead them into sin. They're going to be filled with their own devices. Verse 33. But who so hearken unto me, church, let's hear the Holy Ghost today. shall dwell safely and shall be quiet from the fear of evil. Hallelujah. Now, there's a verse I was just looking for. I thought I read it yesterday where it said life to the soul in chapter 2. Why can't I find it? The time I want to find it. Maybe just give me a second here. While you're there, let's let's move on here. Tell how many remember this visual by God's grace. I'm going to bring that back. But I just want to show that Proverbs real quick. Life to the soul. I cannot find it. Okay. Proverbs 3:22. Okay. Sorry. 3:22. Oh my goodness. I read right over ah it's the beginning. I was looking for the end of the verse. I was looking at the B part of the verse. It's in the A part of the verse. 3:22. So shall they be life unto thy soul and grace unto thy neck. See, when you keep the word of God and you do the word of God, like Jesus said, when you do the truth, you get life into your soul. So the more you obey, the more life you get, the more power you get. Hallelujah. The more victory you get. How many believe that? By God's grace. See, when we disobey, it takes us into the darkness. But when we obey, it brings us into the light and gives us life. Jesus said, "My words are spirit and they are life." Hallelujah. Now, we're getting to that middle part where getting a little tired here. So, let me go and try to move on here. So, Mount Si that burned with fire, uh, blackness, darkness, tempest, voice, death to touch was terrible. But here at Mount Zion, we have the city living God, heavenly Jerusalem, innumerable angels, firstborn church. We have the voice of God. God is here and Jesus is our mediator. Church, let me say it like this. You are not alone. The angels of God are with you and Jesus is your mediator to help you. Praise God. At this mountain, the Mount Zion, the lofty heavenly mountain. Hallelujah. They got the law on the 50th day. The Holy Ghost fell on the 50th day. They had the birth of Judaism. We had the birth of Christianity. They had laws on stone. We have laws on hearts. 3,000 died in that day. 3,000 were saved on the day of Pentecost. They had the ministry of death. We have the ministry of life. They had a glory that fades. Our glory remains. Hallelujah. Think about this. 2,000 years later, we're still singing about the glory where it says, "I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them." Praise God. We're still singing about the glory of that Pentecostal day. Praise God. The glory doesn't fade. The freedom in Christ, the joy of Christ, the victory of Christ never fades because it it overcomes all the gates of hell. Hallelujah. It overcomes the darkness and it brings you into light. Praise God. Hallelujah. Now, I'm not going to go through that. That That's I didn't even set a timer, but I'm at about an hour here almost. So, so we basically have everything that they didn't have at at the Mount Si. All right. Now, here's the main point I want to get to here. This is what I thought would be fresh and new. It was new to me. It was a blessing to me by the grace of God. Let me check. I also printed off some notes just in case. Maybe I'll save those for Wednesday. Look at all these things I want to preach to you. Look at them. You're just waiting there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Preach. Preach it. I'll get to it by God's grace. But let me just try to bring this down here. Now, did you ever think of this? I I was uh researching and I found this. I was like, "Oh my goodness, how did I miss this?" The Tower of Babel. They were gathered together to defy Almighty God. On Pentecost, they were gathered to obey Almighty God. It's a it's a it's the opposite. So, other words, Pentecost was undoing all that Babel tried to do. Oh, that's just right. Because we got Babel today. We've got the Roman Catholic Church today. But Pentecost will always do the opposite of the Roman Catholic Church. Praise God. Glory. See, they put power in a man. We don't put power in preachers. We put power in Jesus Christ. They they make the like we took communion last week. They make the blood and the bread the literal. We don't put it on the literal. It's a spiritual thing. Hallelujah. They pray to the dead. We only pray to the living Jesus. Hallelujah. I mean, it's all opposite. Praise God. They their preachers can't marry. Our preachers can marry. Praise God. Oh my. It's almost all opposite. At Babel, God confused their language and it brought division. On Pentecost, God caused understanding of their language and brought unity. Now, I don't know if you you saw it, but I was playing it for my kids a couple months ago. Perry Green, brother uh Jose Perry Green said numerous I'm sorry, his first trip, he went on a missionary trip by the leading of the Holy Ghost like brother told him to do. His first trip was down in South America. I'm not not mistaken. And he said he was nervous and he didn't know if God was going to vindicate it, but brother Ram told him to do it. In his first trip, he starts preaching English and all these nations, I forget it was Argentina or Brazil, I forget which one it was, but he was talking in English and everybody understood him in their own language. And he's like, "This is just like Pentecost." And he said he said it even worked, brother Jose, in the prayer line. They would talk to him in Spanish and he'd understand it in English. And then he would talk in English and they'd understand it in Spanish. You cannot stop God. Hallelujah. God don't need your help with language. God don't need my help with English. God don't need my help with anything. God does what he wants. Praise God. God cannot be stopped. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. And even Isuza Street in 1906, even their first missionaries, from what I read and preached to you, even their first missionaries experienced the same thing. They just had to go and then God would help them understand the languages. I love this. In Babel, they declare, they said, "Let us make a name." On the day of Pentecost, Peter said, "There's only one name, brother, and it ain't Father, Son, Holy Ghost either. It's the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We're gathered for this name. We're not making ourselves a name. We're putting on a name. Hallelujah. Glory to God. At Babel, they were scattered and they were hopeless for any unity. At Pentecost, God then after filling them, God scattered them with a hope and promise for unity. Look at that church. God can send in Dennis McBride from South Carolina, uh, Cadre Dixs from South Carolina, brother Brian Hawkins from from Pennsylvania, and preach the same thing I'm preaching. And we don't even listen to each other. I don't I don't listen to those guys. I can't because Abby knows put it online. Now, I might if I could, but they don't listen to me. I don't listen to them. How can that happen? Because God's spirit is sending the same messages, the same word. Hallelujah. He's uniting us by an invisible power, not by a physical gathering. There will be a physical gathering at the rapture, but right now it's spiritual gathering. Getting unity of the word. God's all helping us understand the same wisdom of God. Amen. And brother Ram said, "The spirit and the bride from Revelation 22 and the prophet will all be saying the same thing, and what they're saying is already in the word." Hallelujah. My glory to God. Hallelujah, brother Jose. It's it's a it's a done deal. It's a sealed deal. I'll be the bride as long as I only preach what's in here. It proves I'm the bride. It's proof, brother, because I'm saying what the spirit says. And this don't say press, play, and obey and sit at home at church and I can be just as good as Christian if I sit home. Brother said, "If you got the Holy Ghost," he said, "you'll want the word more than you want your necessary favorite meal." He said if you got the Holy Ghost, he said it'll drive you to the church every time the doors are open. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. That's what the word says. Jesus's custom was being into the Sabbath every Sabbath day. He never missed church. So God help us to live like Jesus. Amen. Take the word of God and live it. Now, what was Babel? It was a human attempt to make heaven. That's what the Catholic Church is. It's a human attempt to make heaven right now. But what was Pentecost? It was God's divine act for heaven to reach down to humanity. Heaven reaching down, not earth reaching up. Heaven reached down. Oh, it doesn't make you want to sing that song. When he reached down his hand for me. When he reached way down for brother Jess. And now put your name in there. I was lost and undone. Sing it with me. Without God or his son when he reached down his hand for me. He reached down. You didn't reach up. He reached down to save you. Hallelujah. You were sinking like Peter, but he lifted you up. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. It's God reaching down to man. That's what God wants to do today. He wants to reach down into the hearts of his people today. Amen. Pour out his spirit on his people. That's right. They got cursed and judged and separated on the day of Pentecost. They got nothing but blessings. Hallelujah. Now, but then the physical persecution came not long after that. And know you and I, we might not have it yet physical, but we definitely got it spiritual. Your family don't like you anymore. Friends don't like you. Old girlfriend, old boyfriend don't like you anymore. Let him go. Praise God. Let him go. Praise God. You've got Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You got more than a friend, more than a father, more than a mother, more than a wife, more than a husband. You've got the God of the world. You've got the almighty. Hallelujah. You got the first and the last. You've got the almighty God. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. You're blessed because Jesus was cursed. The Bible said, "Cursed is anyone who hangs on a tree." Galatians 3:13. He was cursed so that the blessing might come upon you. And what's the blessing? I'm forgiven all my trespass. I think I showed one of the brothers last week. You're forgiven all. Everybody say all. Ready? All your trespasses. You don't have heaven. Don't record no trespasses against you because Jesus already paid for them. Like that man says, if you are in court for a speeding fine and let's say it was mine, I had to pay one one time. It's probably $200. My goodness. I've had two speeding tickets since I moved out there to Doorstown. Now I drive like a little old lady. I don't care. I just let him. I said, "Go ahead. You can ride me all you want. I'm not getting another ticket. I drive like a little old woman. Old woman. 100y old woman." But but but the Ray Comfort, he likens it under this. Like you're at a court and you got to I got to pay my fine, my $200 for my speeding fine. And brother Ray Cover is like Jesus comes in and he comes in and pays the fine for you. Therefore, you can go free. You didn't have to pay anything. He paid it. Somebody hearing me today? Hallelujah. Your your fine has already been paid. You don't have to pay the price. Jesus already paid the price. Hallelujah. Amen. And now you're free. You don't have to pay for it. And so you live a life of gratitude. Thank God somebody paid my fine. Thank God the tickets paid for. Thank God I'm free. Thank God I'm no longer before the court. Thank God I'm a free man or woman. Praise God. And it's legal. Because he just gave you the money. He paid them. He paid the fine. Now the fine's paid. Now there's no more fine. Amen. There's no more death sentence. I'm not going to hell. I'm going to heaven. Praise God. Hallelujah. Glory. I knew today was going to be kind of a fired up service. I was looking at these quotes. I'm going at Babel. Okay, I did that one. Oh, yeah. I just forgot. I just Okay. Yeah. Human effort at Babel and divine effort on Pentecost. They had a failed kingdom. And this is a successful I said this. A kingdom that cannot be moved. That's what the Bible says. Praise God. Oh my. They were set. They separated the nations and the Holy Ghost unites the nations under Jesus Christ. Look what God's doing even in America right now through the president and so uniting all these nations. Now, I know it's going to have a bad outcome, but God can't do it through any other nation except a a former Christian nation. And the church said, that's right. We're one of the only nations that honors Christ. So you see in the natural and I know it's a false unity but it's a type right of what actually happened at the beginning of the nation I'm talking about with our founding fathers. They were Christians and they had all these testimonies. They were defeating the British with with hardly anything. God fought for them because they were a Christian nation. Now I'm getting off of that now. Now here's a nice visual now. Just it's it's the same thing I said but look they had confusion. Pentecost had understanding. God scattered them and God scattered them to spread the gospel. Their language uh was make a name for themselves and they magnify the name. They they declared the wonderful works of God. They had disunityity. Pentecost brought unity. Same thing here. It's just a different picture. And I love this one. They made a name for themselves. And Peter said, "We got the name of Jesus Christ." Church, the word name means authority. Let's say authority. Ready? If you speak the name of Jesus Christ and you confess your sins, you have authority over every demon power. Hallelujah. I've seen it in operation many times. If that person confesses their sin, the Holy Ghost will move that demon out because it's that word means authority. The word name is power and authority. Devils cannot stand against the name of Jesus Christ. Oh, hallelujah. That's right. It's impossible because it's one power that's greater than the other power. Hallelujah. It is the name above all names. I'm preaching to you. So, you'll use the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. I'll use it. You'll use it. We'll all use it. Praise God. Now, this is what was special to me. Maybe not to you, but I hope this is a blessing. Anybody know where the location of the upper room was? Location of the upper room was in the southwestern corner. Here's uh here's Mariah. So, here's Mount Zion and this is the valley. So, this at the very edge, this at the very bottom edge of Mount Zion. The Holy Ghost fell on natural Mount Zion. The Holy Ghost today falls on spiritual Mount Zion, the people of God. And the church said, "Ain't that awesome, Mount Zion? Ain't that awesome? The Holy Ghost didn't fall on Mariah. It fell on Zion." Because Zion is the name of our kingdom. It's a lofty kingdom. We don't have a weak kingdom. We've got a lofty, high, exalted, holy, magnificent, powerful, glorious kingdom. We've got a king who sits at the top and he's just waiting to hear from you and I. He's just waiting for you to speak his name. Hallelujah. Glory to God. So, the Holy Ghost fell on Mount Zion. Naturally, it falls on the bride in spiritual Mount Zion, which is the kingdom of God. And where did Jesus say the kingdom of God is? He said, "It's within you." Amen. So, where's it going to fall? Right here on Mount Zion. Everybody tap your heart, say, "Mount Zion." Ready? Mount Zion. That's where it's going to fall. Right there. Mount Zion. Right there. You are Mount Zion. You're You're the temple. How many know 1 Corinthians 3, 1 Corinthians 6, you're the temple of the temple. You're the temple of the Holy Ghost. Sorry, I'm a little excited here. You're the temple. You're the body. You're the temple the Holy Ghost wants to fall on. Amen. The temple of the Holy Ghost. You're Mount Zion that God wants to fall on. Isn't that beautiful? I didn't know that till today. I'm like, where is the upper room? It's in Zion. Hallelujah. Now, I'm going to get into my thought maybe for Wednesday. Give me five more minutes here. I don't have really much more unless God gives me some inspiration. I don't want to um I don't want to cancel that out like that couldn't happen. Now, church, as I was thinking this morning, as I was finishing this sermon, church, there's burning inside of everybody here today. Either God's spirit or it's the spirit of sin. Everybody in here is burning with something. And you better be burning with the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. This just struck me today. I'm like, "That's right. There's a false fire. There's a evil fire. And then there's a good fire. Hallelujah. Scientists call it uh I forget what I have to look on my phone. But scientists have they they recognize there's two kinds of fires. Let me see if I can pull that up real quick. I don't think it it I don't think it loaded. But there's two kinds of fires. I'll just uh there's like fires that be contained and then there's these wild destruction fires, right? So destruction fire is like what happened to LA and it deserved it. It was probably set off so they could, you know, so the big brother can buy all the land and, you know, it's probably set off by man. Most things are, I guess, but that's like a destruction fire. But then there's what's called contained fires, like campfires, right? Like a backyard fire. There's two kinds of fires. Hallelujah. Now, church, what do we need? We need a contained fire that stays contained in our soul. Hallelujah. We don't want the fire of destruction that burns up our lives and puts us in a place of darkness and fear uh where we feel loss and and um incapable of being saved, hopeless, where the fire just consumes all of our lives and and we can never get out and we feel like we're we're going to lose it all. We don't want that kind of destruction fire. We've got to put out that fire. And we need to have a contained fire. A fire that's contained in our soul. Hallelujah. A fire that we keep burning. It's a spirit of burning. Hallelujah. That's what we need. We don't want to be destroyed with fire, but we want fire contained in our vessels. Hallelujah. We want fire to fall on Mount Zion. That's right. So, look at Romans. This is what struck me. I just started searching the New Testament for the word burn. What the homosexuals have? They burn in their lust one toward another. And then remember 1 Corinthians 7 says, "It's better to marry than to Ah, you good good Bible readers out there." Hallelujah. Yeah. It's better to marry than to be burned with a destruction fire. Hallelujah. So, see, everybody's burning with something here today. What you need to do is get the Holy Ghost. Get it active in your life. Start speaking the word. Believe in the word. It'll bring you life. It's like water to put out the fire. I'm talking about the destruction fire. Hallelujah. It water to put out the fire. That's right, church. See, homosexuals have this burning. But what does the Bible say? Paul said, "Some of you were uh abuser of yourself with mankind. Some of you had this fire, but then something happened. The Holy Spirit came upon you. The spirit of God washed you from that fire. The word of God put out the fire. The word of God sanctified you. The word of God justified you. The spirit of judgment. And the church said, "All you have to do is recognize, I've got a sinful fire." That's the spirit of judgment. The spirit of God's anointing you. I've got a sinful fire. And then God will send his spirit of burning. In this case, it's the it's a type of the water, the rushing waters, the living waters of the word. It'll put out that destructive fire. And it'll give you the fire of God. Hallelujah. That's right. How does it come, church? In the name of the Father and Holy Ghost. In the name of Brother Jesse? In the name of Bride of Christ Fellowship? In the name of William Brandham? No, it comes in the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's not a man's name, a woman's name. It's God's name, the name above all names. Jesus Christ. Can everybody see that? Think about all I'm going to go through that. Maybe I'll preach a part nine here. by God's grace. Let's close with that. Jesus, God said in the Old Testament, remember the daughters of Zion, they had high heels on. They were tinkling as they go. They had 21 different kinds of accessories. They just had accessories everywhere. You know, they had accessories all around. They had accessories everywhere. And God said, "I'm going to burn them with the spirit of judgment and the spirit of burning. And they're going to go off into the millennium." Hallelujah. Now notice, and the Lord will create. So after this, look at this. After God gives a spirit of judgment where you can judge yourself sinful, then God sends a spirit of burning. And then what does he do? He creates a clean heart. He creates a brand new life. You don't have to live like you were living. You can have a brand new life. I'm a witness. How many witnesses we have out there? Jesus creates a new life in our lives. That That's the order. judgment, burning, new creation. That's what the Bible says. We are new creatures. Behold, all things become new. Let's say all things. Ready? All things can become new. Hallelujah. And then the Holy Ghost. We are the temple. We're the mountain. We're the Zion that God wants to come in and fall upon and fill. And this is what I love. Isaiah first had to acknowledge his sin. He says, "Woe is me. I am undone. I'm a man of unclean lips. And I dwell in the midst of people of unclean lips. For mine eyes have seen the king, the Lord of hosts. See, that's the spirit of judgment. See, there's the king. He's seen the king. He see he's in the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit says, "I'm unclean." And church, that's what God wants you to say. God wants each one of us to say, "I am guilty of sin. It's my fault. It's my lust. It's my sin. It's my craving for anything that's forbidden. It's my fault. I'm unclean. I'm undone. I can't fix myself. I need someone to wash me. Hallelujah. That's what it is. So the Lord of hosts sends the seraraphim. Bring the coal. The live co. I like that. The live word. The living word. Hallelujah. Bring the living fire. It's a living fire. And he lays it on his mouth and he touches his lips and he says, "Ah, I feel forgiven." See, church, that's that's what let me say like this. You got to pray until you feel forgiven. You have to feel that you are forgiven, church. Because that's what happened to him. That's why Peter could rejoice on the day of Pentecost. He didn't feel the guilt and shame anymore because he knew he was forgiven. Think about that. He denied Christ three times. He ran away and abandoned his lord like a sheep run like a little sheep running away from the shepherd. He abandoned his own shepherd but yet he was able to be feel forgiven enough to let the Holy Ghost come on and then start speaking for Jesus. Because he was able to admit he was a sinner and needed the grace of God. See how important it is? That's why I tell people, I've told numerous people, if if you if you need victory, just lay at the altar, tell God what a sinner you are, and ask God to send the Holy Ghost. Amen. Say, "I don't want to live like this anymore. I don't want to act like this anymore. I want to be changed. I recognize I'm a sinner. Your spirit's on me. Now send your fire and give me a burning experience. Give me a cleansing experience." See, we got to love righteousness more than we love sin. Hallelujah. That's right. What did he say? My iniquity is taken away. I feel forgiven. Jesus has dropped the charges. And the church said, "I feel I feel forgiven today, church." Why? Because I asked God to forgive me. Hallelujah. All you have to do is confess. Lord, I'm guilty. Forgive me. I'm unclean. Send your Holy Spirit. Make me feel forgiven. God has to send it if you really mean it. Now, he knows if you're going to go back out tonight and just do the same old thing. You got to really mean it. Praise God. And then God sends the fire. And then you feel the forgiveness. And then your mind is consumed. You have a you're a new creation. You have a transformed mind. And now the word of God is your life. He gives your soul life. Hallelujah. Church, the day of Pentecost, I forgot. I forgot I had these quotes here. In this sermon, Invisible Union, you probably remember it. It was around Thanksgiving 65. That's that's the quote brother said, "I'm more thankful for God's forgiveness than anything else I know of." A month before he died, he was more thankful to be forgiven. He was showing how modern women don't want children. Even in the 60s, they didn't want children. Look at them now. The cat ladies, they want cats and dogs and birds, whatever. They don't want babies, human babies. They want animals. You know why? Because they're beasts themselves. Look at their hair. Look at their faces. Look at their violence that they have. They're literal uh they're filled with beasts. They're literal serpent seed. I'm talking about the majority of them. Because few there be that find the narrow road. Some can get saved. Thank God. We want to pray for them and we'll keep preaching so they can get saved. The few. And brother saying they'd rather have pets than be a real mother to children, human children. Brother said, "What a picture of the modern church today." Neither does the modern church want any of these screaming, shouting, tongues speaking Acts 2:38, youngans around her. See, the the the the church now, the denominations, they don't want a Mount Zion experience. They want to take that away and just make it a classical demon religion, right? Because brother said, "Thus say the Lord, classical religion is of the devil." You and I need to experience where we scream or shout, speak in tongues, do something. Yeah. She don't want any of them whooping. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Glory. Whoop. Hallelujah. Jesus is alive. Amen. Sorry, brother. I'm stepping on I'm already stepping on toes. Amen. Hopefully my sermon was stepping on sinful toes, too. But they're just whooping around. Praise God. Glory to God. Giving God glory. But the church don't want that. Immediately they say, "Get out of our church." They'd throw it out real quick. Why you letting such stuff as this go along? Brother Ram said, "See, the denominations are pregnantated with something. They're bringing forth dead church members all the time." She don't want none of them screaming, hollering, blabbering, Acts 2:38, miserable creatures that she thinks they are. It would certainly embarrass her. It doesn't embarrass me when somebody says, "Hallelujah." It doesn't embarrass me when someone said, "Preach it, brother." Hallelujah. That doesn't embarrass me. If somebody screams or comes down here at the altar and throws their hands up and screams, that doesn't offend me. That actually makes me feel pretty welcome. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. And this is the only kind that God can produce. It's the only kind of children God ever burst forth. It would ruin her and her educated, ethical, scientific society church that they belong to there. They would throw her out at the next council. Well, we do the opposite. If you act like that, we keep you in. It's only when you misbehave, we'll put you out. That's the truth. She They would They'd have her out. She can't have it. So, she don't want to be pregnant with the word because that's the only kind that the word can bring forth. The Holy Ghost will only produce some type of experience where you scream or woo or holler or give God glory and you feel like you've got new life. You've come to the mountain. You're God's written his word upon the fleshly tables of your heart and your soul has life. It's the only kind the Holy Ghost can bring forth. Is that my last one? Okay, I got two more quotes. Oh, I got two more. We are at the end. Let's stand. We're at the end. Musicians can come. We finally reached the end. Some of you are wondering, are we going to get to the end? We have made it to the end. Listen to this church. Born of the spirit of God. It has the spirit of God in it. How do you know? Because it obeys the word of God. No intellectual creed join creed going bobbed hair painted face. There's no such a thing as all of that. In all of it. You don't find that in the word of God. You find an oldfashioned sanctified Holy Ghostfilled child born of the spirit of God screaming, hollering, shouting, praising God. This is what the spirit of burning produces. It produces someone that will praise God no matter who's around. You know why they forget about who's around? Because they're in the presence of somebody greater than you and I. They're in the presence of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Last quote. And another thing, notice what kind of children she's bearing. The denominations that tells what their pop is whether it's the first Adam or the second. first Adam will bring forth denominations, right? He brought forth death, he said. But the second Adam, if the church brings forth a child of the second Adam, he acts the second Adam's way of acting like they did when? On the day of Pentecost, that's the only way a child acts when it's born. That's really true. Second Adam's children. See, their nature is like his and hers. Yes, sir. Her daughters, painted face, bobbed hair, wearing men's clothes, trousers. The Bible said for her not to do it. She cuts her hair. It's a shamed her. You say, "Shut up on that. That's what the word says." I'm only pointing out nature. That's what she does. Hallelujah. How many want that to be your testimony? This is my nature. This is what I do. Let's bow our heads here. Hallelujah. The spirit of burning. That's how it burns, church. That's how it burned on the day of Pentecost. That's how it burns all the time. by the grace of God. Hallelujah. Play that song. Holy Spirit, thou art welcome in this place. Holy Spirit, thou art well. Come in this place. Holy Spirit, thou art welcome in this [Music] place. Father of mercy and grace, thou art [Music] well. Just keep playing that. Now, this is usually a song people sing at the beginning, right? I believe the Holy Ghost has been here the whole service, but we really want the Holy Ghost to show up now. Praise God. How will it act? Well, if you got sin in your life, it'll say, "I'm guilty. Lord, forgive me of sin." And then the Holy Ghost will come upon you and clean out your life. It'll give you one of those anointings. anointing of burning, anointing of dissolving doubts, anointing to help you not quit and keep going on the Christian life or it'll give you a Holy Ghost to put you into service to Jesus Christ. That's what it does. And that's the only thing it can do because that's the only thing the word can produce. Everyone understand? [Music]
