################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - (6-8-25) David's Battle Against David: Iniquity - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-08
Title:   (6-8-25) David's Battle Against David: Iniquity - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iAfNmEfs9o
========================================

Uh, 1 Corinthians. I'm going to take a little break there. I'd like to preach on David this morning. I preach a little bit on him on Easter Sunday. Hallelujah. And so I'd like to go back and look at the life of David. I'd like to preach on David's battle against David. Hallelujah. So I want to look at iniquity. How we battle iniquity in our lives. I'd like to preach on David this morning. David's battle against David. You know, I've been reading through the book of Psalms. Um, I always read through the Bible. I always start at the back. I always start in Revelation. I read Revelation. I work my way forward because I felt when I would try to read it from the beginning, I would get a little bit uh I would just get a little bit frustrated. So, I like to start at Revelation. So, I start at Revelation and I go all the way uh back. And now I'm in Psalms. And I've just been reading about the life of David repeatedly. You know, I'm in I'm up to chapter 45, I think, this morning. uh really enjoying it. But I've been through so many verses here where David's talking about his battle with sin. And so it's been uh uh quite eye openening to me uh and encouraging, inspiring. I hope it'd be inspiring to you today. Praise God. So uh Psalm 40:12, we can probably all read that one here when if you're there. If you're there, say amen. Amen. Let's read verse 12. Psalm 40:12. Let's begin on three. 1 2 3. For innumerable evils have compassed me about. Mine iniquities have taken hold upon me so that I am not able to look up. They are more than the hairs of mine head. Therefore, my heart faileth me. Anyone ever felt like that before? You're so discouraged by your sin. You're so frustrated. you have a hard time even looking up to heaven. May God add as a blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated. So, I'd like to uh if you'll just show this slide, this uh visual. I just have a couple visuals and then uh I'll turn it off and you could do a lot of uh scriptures today by the grace of the Lord. So, let's look at here if we can. Uh now, remember I put this up here on uh was it Easter? Yeah, we looked at this uh how uh the sword uh Jesus said, "I have the power of death in hell." And we saw it was Jesus taking the power. He had now power over death. And it was foreshadowed in the life of David. Praise God. Uh and so, uh David got the power over Goliath, right? And he took Goliath's sword. And we saw that was a type of Jesus taking the power of death, hallelujah, away from Satan. And so, we see a a great parallel in their lives. How many appreciate the parallel here? Amen. Isn't it awesome to see how uh David was from Bethlehem and uh Jesus was born there in Bethlehem? And uh Jesus was the spiritual shepherd while David was a natural. Uh David was anointed there at the beginning of his life by Samuel just as Jesus was anointed at the River Jordan. And then they both went to their uh great battle uh the great battle over the giant. And Jesus took on the giant of uh death and hell and the grave and sin. Even the Bible said all of our sins were placed upon Jesus. Hallelujah. So Jesus fought for us. Hallelujah. He took on our giant. Hallelujah. And just as David defeated Goliath and uh and everybody then started took courage, Jesus defeated death on the cross and now all the believers take courage. Hallelujah. We take courage that we can defeat uh the enemy. Hallelujah. Amen. And so uh but of course after Jesus uh I'm sorry after Jesus died he was uh he was rejected there and uh humiliated of course on the cross and suffered on the cross but then he went down to hell and he got the army of the Old Testament saints just as David after he defeated Goliath. He entered to a long period of suffering and affliction and rejection. We're going to look at a few of those uh this morning. And then he got an army. remember all the all the uh men that were in debt and uh all the soldiers that were uh we we would say fleeing from Saul and didn't like Saul's leadership, they all came to David and gave David their allegiance. Praise God. Just as Jesus got the army of Old Testament saints during his time of uh rejection and suffering. But then uh Jesus rose, right? And then he sent the Holy Ghost and became king. Hallelujah. The Bible calls him king of kings and lord of lords. Hallelujah. The Bible calls him king of saints. Hallelujah. Amen. So we know Jesus is our king today. Hallelujah. And uh just as David went and got uh uh David became king over Hebron at first. Hallelujah. And then David became king over all Israel just like Jesus king. He Jesus started out as the Holy Ghost, you know, fell upon the Jews. That was like Hebron. The Holy Ghost fell only on the Jews. But then it went to the Samaritans and then it went to the Gentiles in Acts chapter 8 and Acts chapter 10. Hallelujah. And then uh Jesus was building his church of Gentiles. And um David was ruling from his temple or the tabernacle, right? Uh I'm sorry, the the yeah, the tabernacle that he built just as Jesus rules from his heavenly throne today. Praise God. And then David allowed Solomon to come into power uh and a time of peace. Uh brother brother Ram calls it uh uh the greatest time of Israel's uh rule is when they had peace under Solomon. Praise God. And then of course we'll Jesus will lead us into the millennium a thousand years of peace. Hallelujah. So we're looking forward to that by God's grace. Now today if we could I like to uh do a new slide here. Uh this is what I was working on for the sermon today here. Uh by God's grace. I just I'd like to look at you know some of David's uh shortcomings here. And uh so I took out the things that type Jesus and just I I gave a little little bit of scriptural references. you know, he was anointed uh by Samuel and then he played for Saul as well in 1st Samuel 16, he defeats Goliath in 1st Samuel 17. Uh now remember right after uh he defeats Goliath, he has to flee uh sometime shortly after that he has to flee from Saul and some people say he flee he was uh fleeing perhaps for five, seven, some people think up to 13 years he was running from his his father-in-law. So it was a very long stretch of time where he was rejected uh by his brethren, right? Rejected even by his father-in-law. So he flees from Saul in chapter 19. He hides in the wilderness for about six chapters from 20 to 26. He even church moved in and lived with the Philistines in chapters 27 through 30, right? He moves in with the enemy, right? And here's a man, remember, here's a man who defeated the greatest giant in all the land, all the world. But he got to such a place where he leaves the promised land. Uh and seems like now and he at the end of this he even starts going out to battle against King Saul. But then the Philistines don't want him battling and so they tell they send him back and say no we don't want you. He was in a spot where he was actually going to fight against his own his own people. Hallelujah. That that's how low this time of suffering and rejection and humiliation was. in church. Think about people today. They'll fight against us. Church members, right? People we love will fight against other church members. Isn't it a sad thing? That's why the Bible said the Lord hates those that cause division amongst the family of God. Sixth thing the Lord despises. Seven things the Lord hates, right? Is to sow discord among the brethren. But we can see it here that it was such an awful thing and David was out of the promised land and went through these sufferings. And then of course God knows God knows how to bring his word to pass. Amen. Hallelujah. He was anointed all the way back here but had to go through such suffering until he experienced uh the joy of being king or the the promise of being king. Sometimes promises will hold off for a long time. But church keep waiting on God. If God gave you a promise the promise will be fulfilled. You might have to wait through much suffering. You might have to wait through much rejection or humiliation or even personal failures. But God is going to bring his promised word to pass. Hallelujah. Amen. He became king over Hebron for seven years. And then uh then he becomes king over all Israel in chapter 5 of 2 Samuel. Uh his awful fall with Bashibba. Uriah was chapters 11 and 12. Abselon rebelled against him in chapter 15. And then he numbered Israel in 2 Samuel 24. All right. Now I just I'll leave that up there just for a little bit. Now, uh, if you got your Bibles, let's go for just a little review. Uh, let's go to for our battles here. Let's go to Ephesians chapter 6. And just remember that we're not fighting flesh and blood. Our enemies today are not physical enemies. Praise God. We're fighting spiritual wickedness in high places. So, let's go to Ephesians chapter 6 verse 10. Ephesians 6:10. Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and the power of his might. Is that how you feel today? Praise God. Hallelujah. If not, let's get strong today. Praise God. Or if you're in the spot like David where you can hardly look up to the preacher, hardly look up to heaven while you're singing, take courage. God is able to lift your head and encourage you. Hallelujah. Because David, remember, he went through all these feelings. He went from the mountaintop of killing Goliath to the valley of running for his life. Hiding out in caves, hiding out in the wilderness. Praise God. As we saw today, not even able to lift up his head to heaven. Church, that's a pretty discouraged state. Right now, we've seen it amongst our church recently. People are so discouraged they can't even lift their head up and praise God. But that that's how David was as well. We just have to remember we got to pray for people when they're discouraged because God knows how to bring them out of the discouragement. God knows how to encourage them. God knows how to bring restoration. Hallelujah. And God is the author. Amen. God is the author and finisher of our faith. Hallelujah. God knows how to lift your head. That's right. Now uh verse 11, put on the whole armor of God that you able to stand against the ws of the enemy. So we see strength is when you put on the armor of God. If you want to be strong, put on God's armor. In other words, don't put on your feelings. Don't put on your thoughts. Uh don't don't put on your ideas. Put on the word of God. Hallelujah. In other words, you've got to speak the word. You've got to believe the word. You've got to trust in the word of God. That's how you're going to be strong. Hallelujah. Amen. That's right. Now, verse 13, I'm sorry, verse 12. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Hallelujah. So again, you're not fighting a brother or sister. You know, if someone in in the church or someone a believer is against you, and Jose sees it a lot on Facebook, right? They they sure like to battle on Facebook, don't they? uh believers, some believers, they'll be fighting against other believers, but your battle's not against Facebook. Your battle is not against uh someone that would uh be mean to you. Your battle's not against them. It's a spirit that's behind them anointing them, right? It it it's not against that individual. It's against actually spiritual wickedness in high places trying to set up uh snares, right? The devil's trying to set up snares. The devil's trying to get you in a snare. But he's using other people to try to get you in a snare. But the Bible says don't get focus on other people. The Bible says focus on getting your armor on. Amen. Focus on having the word of God on you, walking in the spirit, being ready to battle against the enemy. And church, we know the six pieces of armor, right? Six is the number of anointed man. Adam was the anointed man. day on day six, Jesus had six anointings in Isaiah 59. But look at verse 18. Ephesians 6:18. What is this armor call you to do? Pray always with all prayer and supplication the spirit and watching there unto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints. So see, when you've got the spirit of of when you've got the armor of God on, you're praying as you're talking to this person that's giving you trouble, right? You're praying when you when you leave the presence of that person. You're praying, right? That's what the Bible says. Praying for all. Hallelujah. With all perseverance. Now, perseverance means that keep trying. Keep fighting. Don't give up. Don't be discouraged. Hallelujah. Keep going. Don't quit the fight. Praise God. So, it's all prayer and all perseverance. Amen. Church, you either have two choices. Keep going or give up. Let's keep going by the grace of God. Hallelujah. Let's not give up the fight. Praise God. Because again, like David, he could have gave up here. But what if he would have gave up? He never would have experienced the joy of being king. Hallelujah. Praise God. I'll say this. Let me say like this. In predestination, God's not going to let you give up. Excuse me, brother. Hallelujah. You might feel like quitting. You might feel like giving up. God's going to help you not to give up. Hallelujah. Amen. He's going to send his spirit to uh in other words, God's spirit is going to get you out of all the messes. Remember, David almost fall almost. But God stepped in and delivered him. Amen. That's right. God's going to help you not to give up. Hallelujah. God's going to help you to overcome because God is fighting your battles. Hallelujah. Amen. You put on the armor of God and God's spirit fights your battles. Hallelujah. That's right. Now, let's also go back to Romans 7 here. Just a reminder, I was I've been I listened to all four uh this week, you know, I'm off of work now. And now you guys Now you brothers are done with school, right? School year is all done. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. Enjoy it. I'm enjoying it by God's grace. I hope you enjoy it. Maybe get a summer job or spend more time in the word of God. Hallelujah. Enjoy it, brothers and sisters. Right, Anna? You're all done now. Glory. Now enjoy your time with the family and with the Lord. Hallelujah. So, this week I listened to all four of the sermons, questions and answers in 1964. If you haven't listened to those, you'll be blessed. Uh, it's so it's so awesome. You'd hear Brother Ram talk to his church like like I talked to you on the Sunday night services. Sometimes I'll laugh, sometimes I'll joke, sometimes I'll be I'll cry. You can see brother Ram do all of those. He laughs, he jokes, he uh they they asked him, "Can can women shave legs?" And he said, "Am I reading that right?" He said, "I'll just leave that up to you. He just laughs. Everybody laughs in the church. You just get to see what would a prophet be like with his people, right? And it gives us a it just gives us an encouragement. That's how sometimes the pastor is with the people. Hallelujah. It was just so wonderful to listen to those this week. If you haven't done it, you ought to do it. But in one of those questions, they asked Brother Brandham, um, I can't seem to get victory over sin. and he take and and so brother Ram takes him to Romans 7 where Paul talks about his battle with sin. Okay, now let's go down to verse uh 15. For that which I do I allow not. For what I would that I do not, but what I hate that I do. So Paul's talking about his battle with sin. When I set out to do something good, sometimes I don't do it. And sometimes I do things I actually hate that I do. See church, it's okay to hate the sin. The Bible said to hate the sin. Right? Okay. So we see the even the great apostle Paul. Even he did things that he hated. Hallelujah. Verse 17. Now then it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwells within me. So see, when we sin, we've got to remember it's really not me sinning. It's not the soul that's sinning. It's the flesh that's sinning. And of course, the mind gave the mind gave the flesh permission. And the church said, "Right, so part of you did allow it. Your spirit allowed your flesh to sin, but the soul of you, the soul of you can never sin and has never sinned." Praise God. When it's anointed by the Holy Ghost. Right? So Paul points that out. I do things I hate, but really it's not me. It's the flesh man, right? And it's the human spirit. It's the human thinking that gets the wrong anointing on it. It's the battle against yourself. The greatest battle ever fought. Verse 18, for I know that in me that is in my flesh dwelleth no good thing. For to will is present with me. Now I have this I have this desire. I have this will that I want to do right. But how to perform that which is good, I find not. I have good intentions when I start the morning, but I don't do the things I want to do sometimes. Now, you ought to rejoice when you do. When you do the things you set out to do for God, you ought to rejoice. But all of us know this week maybe there was a day we didn't do what we we should have done. Paul says, I understand that, right? Verse 19, for the good that I would, I do not, but the evil which I would not, that I do. Hallelujah. And then in verse 20, he says, it's the sin that dwells within me. Now, I want to go down to verse 23. But I see another law of my members, waring. Let's all say waring, can we? War. So Paul says, this is the war. I want to do good, but then sometimes I do sin. I do things that I hate. It's a war I've got to overcome. Right? And so we see David and when we get to David and look at some of his mistakes today, it was a war. He had lost the battle, but he never he never quit fighting. Hallelujah. He might lose a few battles, but you're going to win the war. Praise God. Amen. Now, look at verse 24. What does Paul say about himself? Oh, holy man that I am. Did I read that right? What'd he say, church? Oh, wretched. Oh, wretched man that I am. Who shall deliver me from the body of this death? Did you see the video I put out this week? Brother Ram called himself a jellyfish. Brother Ram called him a son of Kish, which is Saul, King Saul. He look at that. Brother Ram puts himself on the level of Saul who was chasened after David, a murderer. And remember church, remember the quote? Brother Ram said, "I was in the shoes of Balum in 1947 when he was bringing all the hardest cases in the prayer line first." Brother Ram said, "I did that for six months, and the angel Lord rebuked me for it." He said, "I was basically tempting God." Hallelujah. So that there's three. Brother Ram says, Brother Ram says, "I'm like Balum sometimes. I'm like a jellyfish sometimes. I'm like Saul sometimes." And and then Paul says, "I'm a wretched man sometimes. Praise God. So, what am I I'm letting you know that it's okay to fight the battle of sin. You're going to lose some battles, but don't focus on the flesh. Get your focus back on the soul. Yes. He says, "Oh, wretched man that I am." Verse 25, "I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. So then with the mind, I myself serve the law of God, but with the flesh the law of sin." So there's this great battle between my mind and sin because the soul is always going to do what's right. It's it's got eternal life. Hallelujah. But it's the battle between the mind and the flesh. But look at chapter 8 verse one. Now there is now no condemnation. Let's say no condemnation. Ready? No condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. That's what we have to have. We have to have a short memory, church. Remember, we have to have a short memory. Yes, I'm a wretched man, but there's no condemnation. I'm still going to heaven. Praise God. I have no fear on judgment day because Jesus paid for all my sins. The wage of sin is death and Jesus paid those wages. Praise God. He died for me with my sins upon him. Hallelujah. Amen. And then church, don't forget, hallelujah. Chapter eight of Romans is a great encouragement. Praise God. Hallelujah. The Bible gives us so many encouragements in chapter 8. The Bible says in verse 28, "All things work together for them that love the Lord." Hallelujah. If God be for us, who shall be against us? In verse 31. Verse 33, remember he talked about how he was sinning, right? But verse 33, who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? It is God that justifieth. So we must recognize we're we're like wretched people here. Our flesh is wreck wretched here. But Jesus has already assured us a future with no sin. Amen. He's already assured us a place in heaven. Hallelujah. Because nobody can put any charges to us. There's no condemnation to us. Oh church, sometimes we forget what the cross did for us. We forget that our Goliath was defeated. Praise God. Amen. Don't forget Goliath is defeated. Death is defeated. Praise God. We have a champion who overcame for us. Jesus Christ the righteous. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Yes. Verse 34. Who is he that condemnth? Who's going to condemn you on judgment day? There's no one to condemn you because Jesus took your condemnation. Amen. And then verse 35, who shall separate us from the love of Christ? What makes you a happy man? What makes you a uh what gives you perseverance? The fact that Jesus loves you. Verse 37. No, in all these things we are more than conquerors. I'm a wretched man, but I'm more than a conqueror. Praise God. Verse 39, nothing shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. Nothing can separate you from the love of God. Hallelujah. So, Brother Ram reads Romans 7 and they ask him, uh, Brother Brandham, uh, why can't I surrender to God? And brother Ram says, well, if you're a wife, when you get married, don't you surrender to the leadership of your husband? And brother Ram says, "Do that with Jesus." And then brother Ram says, "Whatever sin you're battling with, do the opposite." Right? So this is how you do it. Uh the Bible said, "Him that steal, let him steal no more, but let him be generous and let him give with his hands." Makes things and give with his hands. That's in Ephesians chapter 4. So that's the key to overcoming any sin. If you're stealing things with your hands or if you're if you're stealing things with your computer, then you then give instead. When you feel the temptation to steal, give, right? Hallelujah. When you feel the temptation to lie, tell the truth instead. Do exactly the opposite. If you feel the temptation of dirty thoughts, turn those thoughts directly to something good. Praise God. do exactly the opposite. Something rises up and you want to say something, you want to say a word back instead of saying something evil, say something good. Amen. Remember when brother's wife, remember that story when Brother Am's wife slammed the door in his face? How would you like it if somebody slammed the door in your face? What would be the first words out of your mouth? You know what brother's words were? Poor little fella didn't mean that. Now, that's what we need today. Praise God. Hallelujah. Look at that. It's a perfect example. Instead of getting mad and say, "Oh, she slammed in my face. Let me go tell her what. Let me open that door and I'll tell her some something about it." No, brother said, "Oh, he felt sorry for her. Oh, she didn't mean that." Now, church, that is the That's the perfect example. Uh, I didn't even plan to say that. That's a perfect example of say the opposite of what your flesh wants to say. Hallelujah. That's right. Do exactly the opposite. Now remember, she got a tumor because of that, right? Sister Ma, what a faithful servant she was. What a faithful servant. Brother Ram said, I was listening to 64. Brother Ram said he would come and say, "I love you, honey." And she would joke around and say, "No, you don't." And brother Ram's like, "Well, maybe I don't show her enough signs." He said, "Because as soon as he gets in from the meeting, he wants to go out and hunt and fish." That's what he said. And then Brother Ram would say, "Can you sit down with me?" She's like, "I I've got to go wash dishes. I can't, Bill." He's like, "Come on. I want to show you." So, when he would want to show her some love, she's like, "I got too much to do." When she wanted when when when she would want some love, brother Ram said, "I got to go out and fish and hunt, church. You should listen to that." He said, "But we get along fine, don't we?" Now, I'm not giving you brothers permission to leave your wives, right? And go hunting on hunting trips and stuff like that. I'm saying that look, every marriage has issues they got to work through. But in moments of like this, at moments when there's disrespect, the uh look at the Holy Spirit, come on, Brother Brandham. He does exactly the opposite of what his flesh probably wanted to do. Poor little fella. She didn't mean that. Now, let's let's make sure we say that to somebody today or this week that hurts our feelings. Oh, they didn't mean that. I'm going to forgive them right away. You know what the Bible calls that? Have tender compassions on one another. Tenderheartedness. Hey, how many want a tender heart? So, brother Ram says, when you got a complex or you can't overcome or you have this battle, oh, I just keep falling into sin. I do things that I hate. Do the exact opposite of that. So, like if your phone, if you're having trouble with your phone, set your phone down and walk away. Amen. Now, church, you've already got to make sure I put this little sticker on here because there's already radiation. You can't you shouldn't keep it on your body very much, right? And the this little sticker will take some of the radiation away from it. It'll deflect the radiation instead of like So, it's already a good idea to physically set your phone down and be a Rod tells me that all the time now, Brother Jesse. He said, "You got to you got to do that. I set my phone down. I just leave it leave it alone." What a good example for all of us. If we have ever ever have anything on the phone tempting us, set it down. Just go walk away. It's a good idea. Do the exact opposite. Don't see. Don't Don't keep looking. Don't keep scrolling. Set it down. Walk away. Go do something productive. Praise God. Yes. Now, all right. Now, church, there were so many times in David's life where he committed iniquity. Now remember, iniquity is called wickedness in the Hebrew or Greek. And it's and brother Brand makes it simple. Iniquity is when you know something you shouldn't do, but you do it anyway. Sound like Romans 7. It's a perfect uh illustration. Romans 7 is a perfect illustration of iniquity. And church, you all got them. We all got iniquity. We all did something this week we know we should not have done including me. So let's be honest today. Hallelujah. Let's let the word of God speak to us today. I think this will help you because it helped me. Helped me so much I started doing a little Bible study on it. So I thought it would help me so much. But remember there's numerous times David committed iniquity. Uh we're going to see today he lied to the priest. Talk about that. What what would be the equivalent today? lying to your pastor. Hallelujah. Or lying to the guest preacher, evangelist. He lied to the priest. That's iniquity. And church, he knew it was a He knew it was wrong. He pretended to be insane. It wasn't a real thing. It was pretend. Third, he committed adultery. Fourth, he had Uriah murdered. Fifth, he had polygamy. He married too many women. The Bible said he wasn't The Bible said kings should not multiply women to themselves. He He knew better, right? He knew better. He knew the law of God, right? And he had poor fathering. Remember, he failed to correct his son Amnan on the awful sin Amnan did. And even Abselon, he wasn't the best father, we'd say, right? And then remember at that la at the end of his life, what did he do? He numbered Israel in pride. Oh, how great is my church become? Well, I want I should count how big is my church and how how great am I today? That's iniquity. Praise God. So, if you have your Bibles, let's go to 1st Samuel 21 verse one. Let's look at a couple of these. Maybe we I had looked at them for a while. They were kind of fresh to me when I heard him preached. 1st Samuel 21 verse one. Then came David to Knob to Alec the priest. And Aim him was afraid at the meeting of David, and said unto him, Why art thou alone, and no man with thee? And David said unto him the priest, "The king hath commanded me a business, and hath said unto me, let no man know anything of the business whereabout I send thee, and what have I commanded thee? And I have appointed my servants to such and such a place." Was that the truth, church? That was a bold-faced lie. We'd say the king Saul did not send him there. He was running from King Saul. Is that right? Wow. So, David lied to the preacher. Well, yeah. It's kind of like how Abraham lied twice to two kings. So did Isaac. Kind of like how brother Ram lied to the IRS. Praise God. So, David's running from Saul. And of course, Saul wanted to kill him. And he's he pretends to be on a secret mission. Now, church, let's be honest. How many times do we pretend everything's going good? Oh, I'm living holy. Uh uh I'm serving the Lord with the best that I can. Are we? But sometimes we pretend. You know, the opposite of pretending is uh guile. No, no, I'm sorry. Uh pretending is guile. Yeah, pretend. The word guile means to pretend. And remember Jesus told Nathaniel, he said, "You're a man in whom is no pretending." And the church said, "Hallelujah. Now church, how do we live in a state where we don't pretend? We constantly confess our sin and we know the gravity of our sin. In other words, we realize how evil sin is and we are we're actively trying not to sin. Praise God. Hallelujah. So he lies. Now therefore, what is under thine hand? Give me uh the five loaves of bread in mine hand or what there is present. And the priest answered David and said, "There is no common bread under mine hand, but there is hollowed bread, if the young men have kept themselves at least from women." And David answered the priest and said to him, "Of a truth, women have been kept from us about these three days since I came out, and the vessels of the young men are holy in the bread as it as in a manner of common. Yay, though it were sanctified this day in the vessel." So the priest gave the hollowed bread for there was no bread there but the shoe bread that was taken from before the Lord to put hot bread in the day when it was taken away. Hallelujah. So we can see this story church and what a story. Now this story uh it shows David's failure right? But it also shows the grace or we'd say the mercy of God on his life right? So grace is a unmmerited gift but mercy is less punishment than you deserve. Now let me do you remember the story as it as it unfolds uh in the next chapter King Saul learns that David went to a himch and what did he do? He killed at least 85 priests. So David had some part in this. He didn't tell Ahimch all the truth, right? And then it gets back to King Saul that David was there and A himch didn't uh himch didn't know what had happened. But through David's lie, this is King Saul's response. So David has some part in this. I'm not saying he's totally guilty, but he has some part in this because he lied. Look what happens when we lie. Trouble comes afterwards. Hallelujah. Only trouble is going to come from lying. Everybody see that only trouble comes from lying. But does does David get help? Yes, he got a sword, right? And he got bread and he keeps living. So God has mercy on David. And then if you know Matthew, let's go to Matthew 12:1. If you haven't read this recently, Jesus speaks of this situation. Matthew 12 1-8. And and this is the story uh Scoffield calls it. Jesus declares himself Lord of the Sabbath. And in verse one and two, uh the disciples are walking on the Sabbath. They're picking corn to eat. And they say, "Oh, it's not lawful for you to do that. You're not supposed to do that on the Sabbath." Verse three. But he said to them, "Have you not read what David did when he was hungered and they that were with him? How he entered into the house of God and did eat the shoebread, which was not lawful for him to eat, neither for them which were with him, but only for the priests?" So the Pharisees are are are being so legalistic about this. Oh, you can't even if you're hungry, you can't even uh pick corn. They're being too legal about this. But Jesus says, "Listen, go back to David. Haven't you read in David where God had mercy on David because he was hungry? David got to eat bread that he wasn't supposed to eat." Right? David wasn't of the tribe of Levi. He was a tribe of Judah. Praise God. Amen. The lion of the tribe of Judah. Hallelujah. But yet he gets to eat shoeb bread that doesn't belong to him. Why? Because he just needed it. And so God showed mercy on David. He needed a weapon and he needed food. So God provided it. Maybe it didn't come the way he expected, but God was showing him mercy. Even when he was out of the will of God. Hallelujah. Even when he's running away from Saul and lying and pretending and not telling the truth, God still shows mercy when we make mistakes. Are we going to suffer for it? Yes. Are there going to be consequences when we lie or lust or get prideful or whatever we do? Yes, there's going to be bad consequences. But that doesn't mean God forsakes you. The love of God can nothing can separate us from the love of God. Hallelujah. And then he reads verse five. Now this is encouraging to me. Or have you not read in the law how that on the Sabbath days the priests in the temple profane the Sabbath and are blameless. So Jesus saying David was blameless when he ate the bread. Now he wasn't blameless when he lied but he was blameless eating the bread because he had a need of it. Hallelujah. And here the priests they they work on the Sabbath. They would kill the sacrifices, right? They would do all this work. They would burn them. Uh they would do all they would uh they they were involved on all four five sacrifices, right? The burn offering, the uh uh the meal offering, the thank offering, uh the sin offering, I can't remember the fifth one, trespass offering. They they they worked the whole Sabbath day. But God said, "Even though you're working, you're blameless because you need to work." It was needful. Hallelujah. Verse six. But I say unto you that in this place is one greater than the temple. But if ye had known what this meanth, I will have mercy and not sacrifice, ye would not have condemned the guiltless. So Jesus says David is is innocent of eating the bread and the priests are innocent when they work on the Sabbath. Hallelujah. Because something has to give. Hallelujah. God has to show mercy. Praise God. For the son of man is Lord even on the Sabbath day. Hallelujah. He's Lord of the Sabbath day. Hallelujah. So the Sabbath was created for the man, not man for the Sabbath. Hallelujah. So God wants to show us mercy. That's the key word, mercy. I love that name, brother. Hallelujah. We see that a lot. I will have mercy and not sacrifice. Hallelujah. So I want you to see that there. Now, Brother Brandham reads that verse. And again, I heard it yesterday. They asked brother Brandham, "Could people that are divorced and remarried like two or three times, they ask brother Brandham, can they go in the rapture?" And brother Brandham says,"I can only say one thing. Adulters will not inherit the kingdom of heaven." That's all I can say. He says, "But please let me give you a little scripture. If you're happy living with your husband, living with your wife, just remain that way. Don't leave them little children without a home and things like that." He says, ' And you remember Jesus said of David when he was hungry, he entered into the temple of God and eat the shoebread which is only lawful for the priest but is found blameless. The priests also blasphemed the Sabbath upon the Sabbath day and are found blameless. And a greater than the Sabbath was here. He said, "Let's leave it up to God and just live the way you are. Just live for Christ now." He said, "There might be a chance of you getting in. Two wrongs will never righten one. Right? So, it'd be wrong for these adulterers to leave each other and leave the children without homes. So, brother just said, "Stay together. Uh, just stay there. There's a chance you might get in because God showed mercy to David and God showed mercy to the priests." Then, Brother Ram says, "I'll say this. You got if you got the wrong companion in this life, he says you'll have the right one in the other one. All wrongs will be made right. Hallelujah. Praise God. So the first one that we went through there, he lies to the preacher. We'll say like that so we can understand. And yet God shows him mercy. So that was yeah during this time. This was chapter 21 there. He's hiding. He's running from Saul and he tells the iniquity of lying. Now next he pretends to be insane. So let's go back to First Samuel 21 10-15. 1st Samuel 21 10-15. Now church, this is amazing story because he goes to Gath. He goes to the hometown of Goliath. And it's amazing he lived through this. That was Goliath's hometown. Are you with me, church? Think about walking into the hometown of the man that you that you defeated their champ. He was their champion. You walk in their town and somehow somehow there's a hedge of protection around him. We know how. It was the spirit of the living God. Hallelujah. It' be like walking in the house of the man that you knocked out or defeated or amongst his family. He's right there in Gath. My goodness. Verse 11. And the servants of Ach said unto him, "Is not this David, the king of the land? Did not they sing one to another of him in the dances, saying, Saul has slain his thousands, and David is 10 thousands?" And David laid up these things, these words in his heart, and was sore afraid of Akish, the king of Gath. Now, church, David wrote a song about this experience, which we'll read next that I'd forgotten about, but I came across it this week when I was reading through the book of Psalms. So, he look what does he do? He stores these words up in his heart. In other words, he gets afraid. But he just didn't get afraid. He prayed. I hope you pray when you get afraid. Hallelujah. It's okay to feel fear. Remember Paul said, "I fear fear within and fear without." Remember that scripture. So in this in this particular chapter, we only see David getting afraid. But next, we're going to go read what what he did when he got afraid. Verse 13. I love what the king says here. It was It's kind of funny. and he changed his behavior before them and fainted himself mad in their hands and scrabbled on the doors of the gate and let his spittle fall down on his beard. So he acts like he's insane. He's got spit all over his beard. This is the same man who defeated Goliath. He said, "You he said, "Oh, you guys are afraid. I'll go fight him. I don't even need a sword. I just need stones." He's he's so he's he's so bold against this giant. But here amongst the king, he acts he he thinks of what what what way can I get out of this? I'll just act crazy. I'll let my spit fly all over. Now he's got spit hanging off his beard. Church, you'll do a lot of you'll do a lot of things. You'll be surprised when you're afraid. I'll say it like this. You might stoop really low when you're afraid, but don't be discouraged. God will bring you out. Amen. You might embarrass yourself tremendously, but don't be discouraged. God will bring you out of it. Praise God. He'll bring you back. I can't say it like this. He'll bring you back to to not pretending, and he'll bring you back to feeling bold again. Amen. That's right. I love this story. Look at verse 14. Then said Akish unto his servants, "Lo, you see the man is mad. Wherefore then have you brought him to me? Have I need of mad men that ye have brought this fellow to play the mad man in my presence? Shall this fellow come into my house?" He's like, "Do I need more crazy people? I've already got enough crazy people in Gath. Do I need any more of these?" Hallelujah. Isn't it amazing, church? He's in the hometown of Goliath. The king is He's in the prince of the king. But the king's like, "I He must have had a bunch of crazy men around him recently. He's like, I don't need one more. Just throw him out of the city. Why didn't he kill him?" Because God had mercy on him. God had his hand on him. Praise God. Aren't you glad God has his hand on you? Absolutely. Now, there's a whole song David writes about this. Psalm 34. Let's turn there. Just read it this week and I was like, "Oh my, I'd forgotten about this." So, when David heard he was before Akish in the giant's hometown, talk about being on enemy grounds. He got afraid, but he just didn't get afraid. Thank God he wrote down his song that he sang. Can I say it like this? He made sure he had a little praise and worship. He did his He did his devotion time and sang songs before church. Can I say like this? He He did his devotions and sang the song at the end of the day even though he was afraid. Praise God. In other words, sing to God even when you're afraid. Read the Bible even when you're afraid. Even now, church, you know, you know this. It's just going to feel like you're going through the motions, but you're not. God sees your effort. Amen. God sees how you're trying to cast down anything that exalts itself against the word of God. God sees you're persevering. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Even if you don't feel it, go through the motions. In other words, bring your body into subjection to the word of God. That's a pretty good clap. Verse Psalm 34. Even before verse one, a psalm of David when he changed his behavior before Aimilec, I'm sorry, Aimilec who drove him away and when he departed. So we get his song before and we get a song after. I wonder if we can see the before and after in the story. I will bless the Lord at all times. His praise shall continually be in my mouth. Why? because I should have died in the hometown of of my greatest enemy. But I'm alive today. Amen. Church, you're alive today. Despite the struggles you've had, God has kept you alive. Amen. So bless the Lord at all times. My soul shall make her boast in the Lord, and the humble shall hear therefore and be glad. Oh, magnify the Lord with me, and let us exalt his name together. I sought the Lord and he heard me and delivered me from all my fears. So see he was afraid Akish is going to kill him but he sought the Lord. So there must have been a prayer meeting in there and the church said see when you're afraid church just stop and bow your head and say God be merciful to me. I am afraid right now. Verse five, they looked upon him or I'm sorry, they looked unto him and were enlightened and their faces were not ashamed. This poor man cried. This poor man cried and the Lord heard him and saved him out of all his troubles. See, so in the moment of your troubles, just look to God. Just cry out to God. God, there's got to be a way out. Now, church, here's a beautiful verse. The angel of the Lord encampeth round about them that fear him and deliver them. Hallelujah. So church, while David's spitting, now get that picture. He's spinning, acting crazy. He's just being crazy. The angel Lord is standing there protecting him. That's the reason Akish couldn't destroy him is because the angel of the Lord was guarding his servant. Praise God. Amen. Now look at that. You act so silly. You act You might act so ridiculous. You might act so wretched and poor and yet the angels they're commissioned to protect you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Think about that, church. Even when you sin, the angel Lord is encamped around you. Why? Because you fear the Lord and you really don't want to sin, but you give into your flesh. Is that right? That's right. He's acting like a mad man spitting all over the place. And yet the angel stands there, church. Now I don't know if it's sword drawn or not, but I'll just have it like his sword drawn. The angels there are protecting. This is God's servant. And look, he his influence is able to change the mind of the king. The king's not thinking about Goliath being dead. The king's like, I've got too many crazy people around here. The angel, the Lord, is protecting his servant. So see church, if the angel never left David when he's lying on the run, neither will the angel of the Lord leave you when you've lied and you're on the run. Or you embarrass yourself. Thank God the angel never leaves us. Amen. He takes a camp around us. Amen. You know, all these years, right, we quoted this scripture, the angel Lord encamps around those who fear God. What's the context? The context is David's acting like he's insane. Yet God's spirit never forsakes him. Amen. Hallelujah. In the hometown of his enemies. Praise God. Oh, the Bible said he prepared a table for me in the presence of my enemies. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Ah, never saw it like that. Verse eight. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Blessed is a man that trusts in him. Oh, fear the Lord, ye his saints, for there's no want to them that fear him. So, we're thinking about that Shane and Shane song, right? What's the context of that song? Acting like a crazy man in the presence of a Philistine king. I prayed before I went and pretended like I was insane. I cried upon God. I cried out to God and God heard my humble prayer. So, we'll think a little differently when we sing that song today, won't we? Verse 10. The young lions do lack and suffer hunger, but they that seek the Lord shall not want any good thing. Come ye children, hearken unto me. I will teach you the fear of the Lord. What man is he that desireth life and loveth many days, that he may see good. Now, why is he writing about that? Because he should have died. He should have had shorter days, right? Because that was the king of Gath. That would have been Goliath's king. But yet God extended his life. God gave him more years because of God's mercy. Keep thy tongue from evil and thy lips from speaking guile. See what what he just lied to the also he just lied to the priest. So David had just done two e evil things. He lied and pretended. And yet he's learning not to do it anymore. I trust somebody is being helped today by God's grace. Verse 14, "Depart from evil and do good. Seek peace and pursue it. The eyes of the Lord are open, I'm sorry, are upon the righteous, and his ears are open unto their cry. The face of the Lord is against them that do evil to cut off the remembrance of them from the earth. The righteous cry, and the Lord heareth, and deliverth them out of all their troubles." That's the second time he said it, church. God is going to deliver you out of all your troubles. Maybe I'll say it again like David. God is going to deliver you out of all your troubles because he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Verse 17. I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah. 17. The righteous cry, and the Lord hearth him. Okay. Verse 18. The Lord is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart, and save as such as be of a contra contrite spirit. So David was broken. He was crying before he went unto King Akish. He cried. He was praying, weeping. And God saw the broken heart. So God had mercy on him. That's what some of us need to do. We need to cry more to God. Hallelujah. We need to be more sincere with God and actually cry and tell God why we're afraid or why we're struggling. We need to tell God all about our troubles. Praise God. Verse 19. I wonder if anyone will say amen after this one. Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord deliverth him out of them all. He keepeth all of his bones. Not one of them is broken. Evil shall slay the wicked, and they that hate the righteous shall be desolate. The Lord redeemth the soul of his servants, and none of them that trust in him shall be desolate. Oh church, you have so many we have so many promises in this chapter. Praise God. God's going to hear me when I cry. God's close to me when I'm a bro when I'm brokenhearted. The angel of the Lord is right by me. Praise God. He's going to deliver me from all of my troubles. Praise God. Oh glory. Amen. Oh my. I will not become de desolate because I trust in God Almighty. All right. Sounds like everybody's getting tired, but bear with me here. Bear with me. Now, if you would go to Psalm chapter 40, this is where we started. Now, we're not told when this uh we're not told when this chapter was written like like like the other one, right? We're told the other one was written when David fained himself mad. This one we're not told. But if you look in verses 1 and two and three, he was in a pit. In other words, he was in a trap or a snare. Verse one, I waited patiently for the Lord. He inclined unto me and heard my cry. He brought me up also out of an horrible pit, out of the miry clay. See where we get that song? He brought me out of the miry clay and set my feet upon a rock and established my goings. He hath put a new song in my mouth, even praise unto our God. Many shall see it and fear and shall trust in the Lord. Let's keep going. Verse four. Blessed is the man that maketh the Lord his trust, and respect not the proud, nor such as turn aside to lies. Look at verse five again. This is this is very familiar, right? It's like Psalm 139. Verse 5. Many, oh Lord my God, are thy wonderful works which thou hast done. How many know God's done many wonderful things for you? and thy thoughts which are to usward, they cannot be reckoned up in order unto thee. If I would declare and speak them, they are more than can be numbered. So God has done so many great things. He's done millions of miracles. That that's a song we'll be familiar with. That's what David's saying. God has done so much for me. He has so many good thoughts toward me. Have you thought about that recently? What does God think about me? David said he has lots of good thoughts about me. You know why? Because David protected him when he was amongst his enemies. Has God protected you from your enemies today, church? Anybody faced any enemies this week? Maybe the pride of life, lust of the eyes, lust of flesh. Anybody face any of those enemies this week? Who stood with you? Jesus stood with you. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Oh, David, thank you for getting in the spirit. Remember, this is the spirit giving him a song. Oh my. Look at Let's go down to verse 11. I got to I got to finish up here. I'm almost out of hour. Withhold not thou thy tender mercies from me, O Lord. Let thy loving kindness and thy truth continually preserve me. And then verse 12, for innumerable evils have compassed me about. Now I would think church, this is my guess. If you want to look up here, my guess is he wrote it during this time of his life. Not so much this time because this is this is a time when he was I would say at his lowest, right? Because even here, even when Abselon rebelled, he still had people with him. Now we know he had an ar well sometimes he had the army here. Sometimes he was all alone. So Psalm 40 seems to be when David was going through the hardest time when he was running from Saul. Innumerable evils have compassed me about church. We've all felt like there's been times where how can it get any worse? What else could go wrong? Why is everything why is life so hard? There's times David couldn't even number all of his struggles. And not only that, church, look at that. Not only does he have innumerable adversaries around him, my iniquities have taken hold upon me so that I'm not able to look up. My what? Iniquities. My iniquities. Yes. The sins I know I shouldn't have done, but I did them. It's made me so ashamed of myself, I can hardly look up to God. Have you ever felt that way, church? Have you ever felt so guilty you have a hard time singing at church? Ever felt that way? Ever have a a time where you feel so guilty you don't even feel worthy to open up your Bible? You ever feel so unworthy you don't even feel like God will listen to your prayer? You're not alone. David felt like that. Hallelujah. And church, we know the end of the story. God would bring him to a new season of his life. God would fulfill the promises in his life. And God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. God will bring you to a new season of your life, too. That's right. I've seen it many times in my life. His iniquities are more than the hairs of mine head. And I forgot to look it up. I looked up. I think there's like 10,000 hairs on every head. Something like that. Something along those lines. There's thousands of hairs when they if they if they can count unless you're losing them, you know. There's thousand 10,000 maybe. I think it was maybe 13,000. Therefore, my heart faileth me. So, there was times David could only see enemies. He could only see his iniquities and it got him so discouraged he could hardly he couldn't even raise his head to look up to heaven. And we can all do that today. We could all look up to heaven say, "Thank you, Lord. You're so kind. I love you, Jesus." But there's times David couldn't even lift up his head. Amen. Did he quit? Did he give up? Did he leave the message, brother Mercy? No. He stayed with the message because he was carrying the message. Hallelujah. He was the word made manifest for his day. Ah, that's right. Hallelujah. God was living in David. Hallelujah. God's angel was protecting David. The angel Lord encamps around all those that fear the Lord. Verse 13. Be pleased, oh Lord, deliver me. Oh Lord, make haste to help me. Let them be ashamed and confounded together that seek after my soul to destroy it. Let them be driven backward and put to shame that wish me evil. Let them be desolate for a reward of their shame that say unto me, "Aha, aha." Let all those that seek thee rejoice and be glad in thee. So see this. David said there's times I can't even lift my head. But if you just keep seeking God, what is God going to do? He's going to raise your head and cause you to rejoice and say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. He's given me a new song. He's given me hope for the future. God's going to lift your head and allow you to get your joy back. He's going to restore the joy of your salvation. Let such as love thy salvation say continually, "The Lord be magnified." I want to try that someday. I want to try that. I just want to say that all day. The Lord be magnified. God bless you. The Lord be magnified. Hey, God bless you. The Lord be magnified. Oh, that's the news that happened with the president or Elon Musk. Oh, the Lord be magnified. Praise God. Oh, that happened with Russia or Ukraine. Oh, the Lord be magnified. I don't understand it. I'm just going to keep praising God. The Lord be magnified. Because that's what David said. When God has delivered me, I'll say the Lord be magnified all day. Hallelujah. Verse 17. But I am poor and needy, yet the Lord thinkketh upon me. Hallelujah. Church, you always you always got somebody thinking about you. Praise God. Amen. God is always thinking about you. Even church, even when we don't think about him, we choose to think about other things. We focus on other things. But guess what? God is always thinking about you. Amen. A I thought you'd like that. Amen. Hallelujah. He says, "I'm poor. I'm needy. And yet God is thinking about me all the time. because he's got his angel right here to protect me. Thou art my help and my deliverer. Make no tearing, oh my God. So, not only he's got an angel here, he wants God's spirit to come and help him, too. Ah, talk about a double blessing. Glory. Now, I want you to see this church here. Um, I might have to do a part two maybe Wednesday. So, I'm almost at my hour. Go to Psalm 25:7, would you? I preached this a while ago, but uh I just want to bring this out again about the life of David. Can we all read that together? Everybody's got that. Uh Psalm 25:7. Let's read that on three. One, two, three. Remember not the sins of my youth, nor my transgressions. According to thy mercy, remember thou me for thy goodness sake, oh Lord. So look, David, now let's go back here on our timeline. When David's a shepherd, what did he have, church? transgressions, sins of his youth, sins of his youth. So church, now is this is this making more sense? He had sin as a child. Even before he defeated Goliath, he had sins of his youth. And then he had sins before he's king. And then he had sins after his king. After he was king. Sound familiar? You had you sin when you were a child, right? You sin before you had the greatest testimonies in your life and you'll sin when you're later on in life, but yet God will never forsake you. Praise God. His angel will still encamp around you. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank God. Amen. That he encamps around all those that fear the Lord. Amen. Oh my. I love the story of David. Ever since that David sight and sound, this has been a it's been like a brand new book. Praise God. Just to see it in a new light. Look at verse 18 of that same chapter. 25:18. Look upon mine affliction and my pain and forgive what? All my sins. Do you think God did that? Yes, God did do that. God did that. See, church, if we just confess our sins, keep persevering, God will forgive our sins, even the sins of our youth. even the iniquities when we're a grown adult and know better. Hallelujah. Then he'll forgive even some of our most wretched of all sins. Wasn't that a wretched thing to do? Incredibly wretched. Murder, adultery, number the people, pride, wretched. But that's what exactly what Paul said. Oh wretched man that I am. Now church, you know, we believe in the New Testament, we're not going to commit these things if we're born again, right? Because the Bible said now Jesus said, "Now you have power to be a witness. Power they didn't have beforehand, right? The Holy Ghost was not yet given because Jesus was not yet glorified in John chapter 7. So we have greater power now, but yet Paul, even with that greater power, says, "I'm a wretched man. I do hateful things I don't like to do." I hope you're encouraged today by God's grace. That was my goal to help you uh be encouraged. I think I'll preach a part two uh and just close up with a few more things here uh by God's grace. Yeah, I'll just probably preach a part two. Uh now, Kesha, would you put put up uh Psalm I'm sorry, put up 1st Samuel 13:14. 1st Samuel 13:14. But now thy kingdom shall not continue. The Lord hath sought him a man after his own heart, and the Lord hath commanded him to be captain over his people, because thou hast not kept that which the Lord commanded thee. So this is Samuel talking to King Saul and he says, "God's going to take the kingdom for you from you and give it to a man who's after my own heart." So see church, what's what's the main thing you're after in life? Are you after money? Are you after pleasure? Or are you after God's heart? That's ultimately what David was after. David wanted to please the heart of God. Anything that came, anything else that came around that, you know, was God's gift, God's blessing. But his main desire was God, I want to please you. I want to know your heart and I want to do your will for my life. Yet he lied to the priest. Yet he pretended to be mad when he wasn't. Right? Yet he committed adultery, murdered, numbered the people, and yet God still calls him a man after God's own heart. It's amazing to me, church. It's amazing. It's amazing grace that saved a wretched man like Paul that saved a wretched man like me. Amazing grace. First Kings 15:5. Remember this one. First Kings 15:5. I appreciate it, Case. Thank you. Saves us a little bit of few seconds here. Because David did that which was what? Right in the eyes of God. Yet with all those iniquities, God didn't remember those iniquities when he wrote this. God said he did what was right in the eyes of the Lord and turned not aside from anything. Wait, I thought he lied. I thought he was it was in polygamy. He did, but God didn't God forgave him of that. Those must have been minor things, church, because look at this. The Bible records the only major sin he committed was in the matter of Uriah the Hittite. So in God's eyesight, everything else was minor except that adultery and murder, even numbering the people, even lying to the preacher. Think of that. Lying to the preacher, that was all minor. God could easily, more easily forgive that. But the that one thing that was very sinful was adultery and murder. And yet he's still a man after God's own heart. So church, what am I saying? Don't let the devil try to convince you to live in guilt. Don't let the devil to try to convince you to be condemned. There's no condemnation to David. There's no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Who walk after the spirit and not the flesh. Last verse, Romans 4. I just had to end with this one here. Hallelujah. Romans chapter 4. What chapter did brother Brandham say he would always go to when he felt blue or depressed? He said Romans chapter 4. There's my hour. This is my last verse. By God's grace, we'll pick up maybe a part two on Wednesday night. Hallelujah. How many enjoy the life of David? I got there's so much more as far as examples from David's life. I trust you're encouraged today. I trust you will persevere because God's angel camps around you and God will deliver you from all your troubles. Call upon the Lord. Romans 4. All right, I'm in chapter three. Sorry. Yep. I was wondering on the right page. Verse one. What shall we say then? That Abraham our father as pertains to the flesh hath found. For if Abraham were justified by works, he hath wherefore to glory, but not before God. In other words, all your efforts are not going to get you to heaven. Anything that you do good is not good enough. You're not justified or declared righteous by your works. It's through the blood of Jesus Christ. What saith the scripture, Abraham believed God, and it was accounted unto him for righteousness? How many will believe God today that God forgives all your sins? Amen. Like David. Amen. He forgave me all my sins. That's what you got to believe, brother Nia. I just believe it. I just believe it, brother Jose. Despite all my sins and my failures and my shortcomings, the wretched man that I am, I've either got two choices. Doubt God or believe I'm going to believe God. Hallelujah. Because if God could save David, God can save me, too. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Glory. Now, to him that workketh is a reward not reckoned of grace, but of debt. trying to be good enough, trying to uh save your own self, you can't do it. But to him that workketh not, but believeth on him that justifith the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness. Even as who? Our good old friend David. I tell you, brother said, one day I'm going to walk up to Uriah the Hitittite. Can I just shake your hand, brother? And he's going to say, "Thank you for living your life. Your testimony meant something to me on this earth. That's what brother's gonna say to Uriah. Love you, buddy. Patrick, but you know what? I I I'll probably do that, but I'm going to walk up to David. So, Patrick's going to be David. I'm gonna say, "David, your testimony meant something to me on this earth. When I when I saw that you committed all these iniquities and yet you had faith in God that God was going to forgive all your iniquities, that meant something to me." When you said the angel of the Lord camps around you even when you make a fool of yourself, that meant something to me, David. And it helped me on my earthly journey in 2025. That helped me. Praise the Lord. Amen. It mean it's going to mean something to me to walk up to David said, "Thank you for being led by the Holy Spirit and writing those precious words." That reminds me, God forgives all my iniquities. David, thank you, David. I'll say like you, David. Thank you for describing the blessedness of a man who's forgiven. What is that blessedness, church? It's the blessedness unto whom God imputeth righteousness without works. Saying verse seven, blessed are they whose iniquities are forgiven. Hallelujah. God will look past and say, I forgive you, David, of your murder. I forgive you of your adultery. I forgive you of pridefully exalting yourself. I'm going to forgive you of that. Blessed is that man whom God forgives all of his iniquities and whose sins are covered. Blessed is the man whom the Lord will not impute sin. What a beautiful story this is of David. Hallelujah. Then brother Brandon will go down and read verse 18. Well, just we'll just go to verse 20. Let's stand. Verse 20. He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in faith, giving glory to God. Musicians can come. But Ram said, "This is where I go when I'm feeling depressed. I go to this book where it says, "Abraham wasn't perfect. David wasn't perfect, but they served a perfect God." Thank you, Jesus. Just play that. Created in me a clean heart, oh God. Church, this just struck me this week as I was studying the life of David. His testimony is going to mean something to me when I get to heaven. I want to go right up to David when I get a chance. I want to spend 10,000 years at the feet of Jesus. As brother said, let me spend 10,000 years at my savior's feet, kissing those feet that have nail scars in them. Let me spend 10,000 there crying, praising God. But then I'll probably get up, Brother Jose. I'll go thank brother Brandon. I'll spend a while thinking brother then I say can I talk to King David where's that prophet can I talk to and it'll be a long line Jose and I'll just get to wait and watch everybody pretty soon it'll be my turn say thank you David I just want to tell you that when I was on earth as a Holy Ghostfilled Christian your testimony meant something to me you admitted your your your sins you confessed your sins And yet you recognize how God was rich in mercy. He would forgive you so freely. You taught me just to confess my sins, move on, persevere, fight the good fight of faith, and the angel of the Lord would be encamped around me because I fear God. How many fear God today? Let's pray. Friends, I hope you're encouraged today. David's life thoroughly encourages me today. It lets me know that I can still be a man after God's own heart, even when I fall short. David fought awful battles against Goliath and the Philistines, but he also fought against David, his battle of iniquity. And Lord, we know what that's like. Lord God, we're fighting the greatest battle ever fought. Our greatest enemy is ourselves. Lord, I hope the people can see it now more clearly, Lord God. that we have a heavenly protection, that we have a heavenly high priest who will freely forgive our sins and protect us and guide us into all truth. Lord, none of us are worthy today of heaven, Lord, as we saw here in Romans 4. Dear God, we thank you for today. Lord, we want to offer this prayer. Thank you, Lord, for putting a man like this in the scripture. Lord God, he's called a man after God's own heart. He's called a man that did what was right. He just missed one thing. But yet, Lord, we can see he sinned in his youth. He sinned as a a young man. He sinned as an old man. Awful sins. And yet, he was blessed because you would not impute sin unto him. Oh God, thank you for this man. Lord God, no wonder I always love the life of David. Lord God, always wanted to have a David of my own. Maybe I thank you for a man like this, Lord, who can cry out to you when he's afraid. You'll protect him by your angel, and then you'll give him a new song after showing him mercy after mercy after mercy. [Music] Hallelujah Jesus. Hallelujah. Blessed is that man, Lord God, whom the Lord will not imbue iniquities, Lord God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Lord, may we leave here with assurance, with a blessed assurance that you've forgiven our sins, God. This is amazing grace that we live in. Hallelujah. Lord God, you brought us out of the merry clay, Lord God. You placed our feet on the rock to stay, Lord God. Hallelujah. You're the God who delivers the righteous out of every affliction. Hallelujah. You delivered us from all of our troubles, Lord God. We want to say thank you today. And Lord, forgive us of our sins today, our iniquities, especially, Lord God. The wickedness we do, that we hate that we do. Create in us a clean heart today, Lord God. Give us a new song, Lord God. Let us go about, Lord, testifying, "The Lord be magnified. The Lord is good. God is so gracious to me." Give us a song, Lord, in our hearts. Give us a praise in our tongue like David. We thank you, God, for this day. bless your word now in the hearts of your people in Jesus Christ's name.
