################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-05 - (6-4-25) Corinthians, Part 21 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-05
Title:   (6-4-25) Corinthians, Part 21 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFnJAjLMS08
========================================

there on Sunday looking at the gifts of the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. Maybe for time sake I will just skip down a few verses here. Let me get to my text and then we'll read one here. by God's grace. Uh Sunday we left off on verse nine. To another faith by the same spirit, to another the gifts of healing by the same spirit. So why don't we read uh verse, we'll just read verse nine together here by God's grace. We'll kind of pick up there as the Lord allows. Let's read verse nine. Ready? 1 2 3. To another faith by the same spirit. To another the gifts of healing by the same spirit. May God add his blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated by God's grace. So, we'll take this text here tonight and we'll keep preaching on 1 Corinthians 12. Hallelujah. It's good being house of the Lord tonight. God is good. Amen. Hallelujah. Trust everybody's had a good week in the Lord so far. Uh no real updates on anything. Just thankful baby's growing good and uh Naomi's baby's doing great. Everybody's doing good. So, we're thankful for God's love. Hallelujah. So, uh if you would, Hunt, we'll switch over here. I got a few slides. We'll just uh pick up where we left off there. And I hope this is good uh for the church to kind of look at your own life a little bit and see which gifts of the spirit you have operating in your life. Uh remember uh you know a gift could operate one time in your life and then maybe never again or it may just be a repeated gift or you could have multiple gifts used in your life. We see that with the preaching gifts. You know there's five preaching gifts and we saw St. Paul was a teacher to the gent gentiles. He was an apostle. Uh history says he was the first pastor at Ephesus. He was no doubt a prophet of God. Uh and uh so he fulfilled all five. Oh yeah. He did the work of evangelist with Barnabas. He said, "Hey, let's gather. Let's go visit all the churches we started. Let's go visit our brethren again. See how they do." So we can see that Paul had all five preaching gifts. And brother Brandham said the history he read on Martin Luther uh said that Martin Luther had all nine spiritual gifts as well. He had preaching gifts, but he also had the nine gifts of the Holy Spirit. So we're picking up here right in the seventh section by Scofield. This is Scofield's dividing of the of the book, brother 1 Corinthians. Uh so we're picking up here uh verse uh chapter 12 here by God's grace. So uh we look I I've seen so far in this book I've seen three, four, five, six, seven uh awful sins that Paul had to clean up. There was division about who was the best preacher and which camp had the best preacher. Uh then there was sexual immorality. uh a man was sleeping with his stepmother and then they were suing each other and then they had drunkenness at communion and they had pride in their financial superiority. The rich people would eat before communion and wouldn't wouldn't allow the poor people to come in. Uh and then of course uh they had spiritual gifts out of order. So that's where we're getting into now. We'll see the order of it in chapter 14 uh probably in a few weeks here. And then they lacked generosity especially to Paul. They weren't ready to give to the preacher Paul. Paul was the one that needed uh financial assistance and uh they weren't ready uh to give it to him. And Paul pointed it out that they weren't very generous. So think about that. They were rich but not very generous. Ever meet anybody like that? Right? Uh and so if we don't have a lot of money, let's still be generous anyway. Hallelujah. Because God loves a cheerful giver. Hallelujah. Amen. And then uh he said in the second book uh that they allowed too many false teachers and he says you got to get back to your spiritual fathers like St. Paul and so forth. So let's pick up here. You know the last two services we've been looking at the nine gifts of the Holy Spirit. Let's review the first three. Uh Sunday we looked at wisdom, knowledge, and faith. Tonight we'll see how far we can get in here. The nine gifts of the Holy Spirit. Uh now I'll preach it maybe uh Sunday maybe I'll preach how all these were in the Old Testament as well. So we can go to the Old Testament and find all nine gifts of the Holy Spirit in the Old Testament. So it' be pretty wonderful to see that u uh to so you can see how they uh it's the same yesterday, today and forever, right? Jesus is the same yesterday, today and forever. These nine gifts were always there and uh and God just here kind of uh we say organizes them through St. Paul. Hallelujah. So it's really wonderful to see it. Now we looked at uh uh the word of wisdom in the Greek. It means the skill in managing your affairs. So it's timely choices, right? It's sound advice to do things at the right time. Uh we know Rod's looking for this, right? For whether he's going to move or not, right, brother? This is kind of what he's looking for, right? He's looking for wisdom, the right time and season. Should he do it? Should he not? You know, where should he go? Uh so that's a situation where you need the wisdom of God, right? the right time in the right season. And it's it's declared through works and actions. It tells you what to do with your Bible knowledge because wisdom builds the house. The material is like the knowledge, but the wisdom is how you build. And then a wise man builds his house upon the rock. Brother Ram said wisdom is the best gift of the group. Amen. Hallelujah. Most of us would think uh tongues or interpretation or prophecy, but wisdom is the best of all of them. Praise God. Because wisdom manages all the other ones. Now, I put there's a few more Bible examples. Jesus said, "Give Caesar what's Caesars's and God's what's God's." Right? That was a word of wisdom. Brother Chris probably you'd get the reward for it. Yes. As long as you were faithful. Yeah. Yeah. Very good, brother. Yes, sir. Yeah. Uh the Bible said every good work will receive a reward. And the only way someone wouldn't is if they uh they brought reproach upon the gospel. Uh and that's in 1 Corinthians 3 says you can lose all your reward but still be saved if you don't build if you don't build your life upon the foundation of the apostles. Paul says you can lose your whole reward. That's like Lot, right? Lot had a family right there in Sodom. But it got all got burnt and all he had left was two daughters and look what happened. They had incest and it really he lost all of his reward. But look at Abraham out there. He never went into Sodom. He had a great reward. He's called the father of faith. Great question. Let's give him two claps. Hallelujah. So Jesus gave a word of wisdom, right? He said, "Give to Caesar what's Caesars's. Give to God's what's God's." Right? They were trying to put them on either side. But wisdom said the right thing at the right time. Told them what to do. Uh the wise virgins realized, "Oh, I better prepare extra oil in case the bridegroom terries." Right? It was foolish just go run out there and say, "I'll just take a little bit of oil. I'm sure he'll be here soon." No. Wisdom tells you prepare just in case, right? And I know Rod's a good planner for trips. So Rod's got a lot of wisdom for planning trips. He prepared extra tea and extra food and extra snacks. So that's a wise thing to do, right? Well, just in case something happens. In other words, let me have a backup plan by God's grace, right? That's what the wise virgin, they're called wise for that purpose. They prepared extra oil just in case. And then Paul shared his beliefs with uh the I'm sorry, beliefs of the resurrection in Acts 23. That saved his life. He knew that he knew he could divide this angry mob if he just said something about the resurrection because some of them believed in the resurrection, some of them didn't. So with that wisdom, it spared his life. Hallelujah. And then I told you Sunday about the two words of wisdom I gave to different brothers. One brother was under condemnation. I gave him a word of wisdom about his extracurricular activities. And then the other brother was going to quit that morning uh quit preaching. And I I preached on uh diligence and investing in your gifts. And he said that was a word of wisdom to him. And now he's more busy preaching than ever before. Praise God. Uh so I'm going to just review these are review. Uh knowledge was a deep understanding of the word of God, especially what's lawful or what's right or sinful for Christians. Jesus said knowledge is a key. Uh and the Pharisees had the key of knowledge. They had the key. In other words, they had the scripture. They could have got people saved, but Jesus said, uh, you weren't pointing them to him. So, he said, you were keeping yourselves out of that door of salvation and also everyone that was hearing you. So, uh, uh, knowledge is a key. It opens a door. Hallelujah. And allows you to enter into something and escape sin. And, Brother Brandham said, knowledge is like you know the Bible, you study the Bible, and you know scriptures that will open doors for people. Hallelujah. And that's exactly what we saw in the scripture. Uh how it opened doors uh helps you to escape sin. Knowledge that helps you escape sin. The Bible says hallelujah. Uh some good examples were Peter and Philip. They gave scriptural knowledge of Joel 2:28 in Acts chapter 2. And uh Philip gave the knowledge of Isaiah 53 to the Ethiopian in Acts chapter 8. And it opened doors of salvation. People got saved when they shared that knowledge. Praise God. So we can see knowledge opens doors. Hallelujah. And then uh this you probably remember this testimony. A brother called me up and he was all been out of shape. There was a man in his church who was saying uh you can't be a deacon and a preacher. And this guy later died of cancer because he he gave a false prophecy in the name of the Lord. And God took him off the earth at a very young age. He wouldn't repent of that. That man, he was a false prophet. He stood up there and said, "Thus sayith the Lord, I'm supposed to be pastor here." and he got cancer a few years later and died unrepentant. That was just in Pennsylvania. That's not very far away. God doesn't play around with his word. Hallelujah. Anyways, there was a man at that church and he he was all broke up about it because this false prophet was uh criticizing him and saying, "You can't be a deacon and a and a preacher." And I got off the phone. I said, "Okay, brother. I'll pray for you." And I told my wife about it, you know, not the not the person, but I just told her about the situation. And my wife said, "Philip was a deacon and evangelist." Like that's the first thing out of her mouth. I'm like, "Ah, that's right. That's the understanding. There's there's the key." So I called the brother back up. He started crying. Said, "Thank you. Now I'm free." It opened up the door of his understanding. And now he could go through the door of having a ministry as a deacon and a preacher. Very good. Very. That's a word of knowledge. Remember all these nine are male, male or female. And the sisters can all say, "Amen." Amen. So sisters can have wisdom. Sisters can have knowledge. Sisters can have all the other seven gifts of the Holy Spirit. Now, sisters can't have the five preaching gifts because that's for men only. Men are leaders of the church, right? Paul says that I never suffered a woman to teach or assurp authority above a man. Uh because Eve fell in the beginning handling the word of God. Okay? And so, uh now let's move on to faith. We look we ended with faith on Sunday. Faith is a conviction of anything, a belief. And the Bible says it's a substance. So when you have the gift of faith, it's like God puts something inside of you. And you can prove it because it's inside of you. You can't prove it what you see. You prove it with what's inside your heart, right? It's a substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. How do you know? I just know. God let me know. God put faith in my heart. Hallelujah. And then the Bible says it's it's the the proof of God's will. Jesus said, "And it moves mountains and makes all things possible." Okay, brother Ram said that's a gift of faith. They believe they're going to receive what they ask for. Hallelujah. So, we we saw here uh here's a few Bible examples that the sinceran said, "Jesus, you don't have to come to my house to pray for my servant. Just speak the word and I know it'll be done." And Jesus said, "I haven't seen this great a faith in all of Israel." Praise God. Right? See, because he knew, he had faith. If you just speak the word, I'm going to receive it. Hallelujah. So, he had great faith. And then Paul saw the crippled man's faith there. There was something about his the way that crippled man was looking at Paul and Paul just raised up and said, "I pronounce you healed in the name of Jesus Christ." And a man who was crippled got up and leaped and walked and praised God. Hallelujah. That was in Lystra. So, that man had faith. He had a gift of faith to know he was going to get healed. Praise God. And then I told you, you know, uh, last or back in April, remember we prayed on a Wednesday night and sister Naomi was screaming and shouting and and, uh, the Holy Ghost dropped down amongst us. And she said after that, she said, "The doctor's not going to have to move Tulsi." She said, "Uh, the doctor's not going to have to do it when you go to the doctor." That's quite a statement to say because last time God had to move Zion or I'm sorry, the doctor had to move Zion so Zion could be born the right way. So that was quite a thing to say, right? And how how do you know? You just know. just she just believed. And then uh the the the Saturday before we went to see the doctor, a midwife come over and she confirmed, "Oh yes, the baby's already moved." So we already had a vindication going there. And as soon as the doctor got that ultrasound on there, he's like, "Oh, see you later." He just had to find the head. Oh, she's already head down. See you later. Doctor didn't have to move it. Praise God. Because faith moves mountains. Hallelujah. That's right. And then uh brother Jose and I years ago were at one of his uh family's house and they wanted to have children. This couple, young couple couldn't have children. The doctor said they could have children. And we sang a little song. We probably sang only believe or Amazing Grace. And everybody's crying and Jose looked at him while before we left and we're crying and Jose said, "You're going to have a child." And I was really nervous in that moment. But Jose had faith. God had heard our prayers. And then nine months later, the baby was born on my birthday. Amen. So, God has a sense of humor. Praise God. I didn't say it. Jose said it, but it was born on my birthday. So, bless that little boy. I He's probably about seven or eight by now. And then uh uh I went to a Bible study with a a teacher. She was a coworker and she told me about this problem. She knew I was a preacher and she said, "You know, my husband and I, we've been married all these years. We can't have any children." And I said, "Well, hey, let's have a Bible study on that." So, we had a Bible study, maybe an hour. I went through all the verses on women that were barren and how God heals the barren womb. And then I went to a second Bible study and I and we studied more on the scripture and uh I I made the point where uh uh where Jesus said if you don't clean out the house uh demons will come in your house but if you clean out and you don't fill with the Holy Ghost then that demon will bring seven more. And I said you got to make sure you think the right thoughts about this. And somebody, a woman popped up in that uh Bible study and said, "You're wrong, Jesse. That that I just held my peace." I'm like, "Okay, we'll see." I just held my peace. I'm rebuked by a woman in front of these people. And a few days later, I was praying and something come over me and I said, "I speak to that uh barrenness. I speak to the mountain of barrenness. It's going to move in the name of Jesus Christ." Amen. I didn't plan to say it, but I walked upstairs later. I told my wife, I said, "I think I just spoke that this woman's going to have they're going to have a child." And they had no evidence they were going to have children. And then a few days later, I got a text and they got the pregnancy uh test on there. We're pregnant. And then they had a baby girl. And then I I saw her. She had a baby girl. She said, "I had a dream about you and we were going to have more children." I said, "Oh, okay. Praise the Lord." I just prayed for her. And next time I saw her, third time I saw her, she said, "My dream came to pass and I just had twins." I said, 'I don't know why I'm connected to your babies. I don't know. I didn't ask to be, but I guess just But that was a faith. I just spoke it and I believed it was going to happen. Praise God. But it wasn't my faith. It's God's faith. All any supernatural is God's power. Hallelujah. It's not our power. It's God's power. Now, new for tonight, let's look at gifts of healing. I guess we kind of looked at it uh a little bit on on yeah Sunday. In the Greek, healing means uh a means of prayer, laying on of hands of healing, remedy, or medicine. So, let's go through these. Uh brother Austin, you got a Bible there? Sister Lena, you got a Bible? Okay, Malachi. Malachi, why don't you get Acts 14:9? Brotherh, you want to get Acts 10:38? Sister Lena, you want to get Acts I'm sorry, you want to get Matthew 88. No, I'm sorry. You want to get Luke 22:51. Sorry, sister. And then Haven, you want to get Matthew 8:8. Victoria, could you get 2 Kings 20:7? Now, there's all kinds of gifts of healing all through the Bible anytime. And we know lots of people got healed in the scripture, right? Especially in the ministry of the Lord Jesus. But we want to look at some of these uh to kind of show the difference. The main thing is to know the difference between healing and miracles. That's the main thing to know. It's fair fairly simple once you just once you hear it preached. But there's a difference between healing and miracles. Hallelujah. So, uh, Malachi, let's read Acts 14:9. Faith is required for healing no matter how long it takes to manifest. All right? So, see, faith was required to be healed for the gift of healing. Right? A person has to believe so they can be healed. Right? All right. Now, uh Austin, you want to get uh Acts 10:38? Amen. So healing is the deliverance or the sending away of the oppression of the devil. Now the word devil means tormentor. So anytime somebody has torment in their body, right? It's a devil, right? And so uh healing casts out the devil, right? And that's what Jesus did. He had the anointing to cast off evil spirits to deliver the people through the spirit of God. Hallelujah. Now, healing comes through many means such as laying on of hands. So, Haven, you want to read that? Uh, Luke 22:51. I'm sorry, Selena. Yes, thank you, sister. Sorry. Amen. He touched. See, he touched. So, sometimes it takes a healing touch. Praise God. All right. Now, uh, Haven, sometimes it's speaking the word. Matthew 8:8, Haven, Okay. So, the servant was healed after the word was spoken, right? Hallelujah. And then it could be natural remedies as well. So, God could anoint somebody uh to get the right medicines, right? Herbs, natural things and give that to a person and God could use the natural means to heal as well. So, Victoria, you want to read that? 2 Kings 20:7. Amen. Praise God. So, there's at least three ways. There's probably there's probably a lot more than that, but there's three ways healing comes. Laying on of hands, speaking the word, and then natural remedies. God can heal that way. Hallelujah. And brother Ram said there's no such thing as the gift of healing because it's in the plural. It's gifts of healing. So God works in many different ways to heal the sick. Well, that's right. Yeah. Now I'm thinking of miracles, but yeah. Okay. So let's look at the working of miracles now. So miracle is faith in the powerful performing miracles. Now here's the difference between healing and miracles. Miracles are instantaneous. Happen right now. That that's that's a miracle when it breaks the natural laws of nature. Right? And a miracle is something that just happens instantly. God drops down, does a miracle. It's a spontaneous manifestation of healing. Uh whereas healing uh the gift of healing might take time to heal, right? It might take time uh might take weeks or days or months or years even to be healed. Uh but miracles are instantaneous. So let's uh maybe have some more readers. Uh brother Claude and Patrick, do you feel okay reading tonight? Brother Chris, do you feel okay reading? Brother Rod, you want to read? Would that be okay? Got you. Bible. Oh, okay. Lydia, you feel okay reading? All right. Glory. Let's read that. Let's start there with uh Brother Claude, you want to get Mark 652? Patrick, do you want to get Mark 9:39? Brother Chris, do you want to get John 2:11? And then uh Brother Rod, John 4:50-54. You got the long one, brother. Can you do John 4 50 through 54? And then Lydia, could you do John 12 17-18? All right. So, miracles are instant spontaneous manifestations of healing. Jesus did miracles frequently such as multiplying loaves. So, Brother Claude, you got that one? Mark 6:52. Amen. The miracle of the loaves. Very good, brother. The miracle of the loaves. That's a miracle. Spontaneous multiplication of fish and bread. It's a miracle. All right. Uh, brother Patrick, you want to get uh casting out devils is a miracle. And I've seen that about about seven occasions. Uh, Mark uh 9:39. Brother, you want to read that? Amen. Now, in the context, Jesus' 12 disciples are like like, "Lord, there's another man casting out devils. Should we forbid him?" And Jesus is like, "No, if he's doing miracles, then he's speaking good things about me." Right? He's only he's saying good things by the spirit of God, right? Because uh no man can curse Jesus uh by the spirit of God, right? The spirit of God will not curse Jesus, right? All right. Very good. So, multiplying loaves, casting out devils. Brother Chris, you want to get uh John 2:11. Amen. Praise God. Remember when brother Digs was here, he said a brother told him about a miracle where he ran out of gas. He poured the water into the gas tank and started up and drove home. That that's his testimony. Not did Brother Digs, but a man Brother Diggs knows. Okay. And he had remember had a wife and children at home and it was in the middle of the night. That was quite a testimony. Cars don't run on water last time I checked. Not even Virginia water, brother. But yeah, that's a that's an absolute miracle, right? change one substance into another substance. Water to wine or water to gasoline. Uh curing a boy with life-threatening fever. Brother Rod, you want to read that one? John 4:50-54. Yes. Jesus saith unto him, "Go thy way, thy son." Jesus had spoken down. of them. So the father knew that it was at the same hour. Could you read 542, brother? Amen. Thank you, brother. So, when someone's at death's door, we'd say, and then they're miraculously brought back to life and completely healed, that's a miracle, right? We all have fevers, right? But none of us have been on death's door with a fever, as far as I know, right? My children, we all take turns having fevers, right? When you got nine kids, you just take turns. But this was a life-threatening. And the Bible said this is the second miracle that Jesus did after the water to wine. Okay? So when someone's about ready to die, but they get a supernatural breakthrough, supernatural healing, that's a miracle. Praise God. And then the raising of the dead back to life. Lydia. Amen. Wonderful. So another one uh um raising from the dead are miracles. All right. Now, brother says it like this. Maybe you might not have that spontaneous faith to bring something just a miracle right to you. You may not have that kind of faith. So I just want to show the difference between divine healing and miracles. And church, it's okay if you don't have uh faith for miracles. You're not saved by miracles. You're saved by grace. Amen. And remember, like I said Sunday, don't ever put gifts above salvation or anything, right? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Never put gifts above love. Amen. Right. Because if you start going to seek gifts and don't have love, you're going to hurt yourself and other people. You're going to do damage to people, right? Like I told you that one from North Carolina where the girl felt she had a word from the Lord. Uh she tried to steal the microphone away from the preacher. Uh, and it did damage to the the I mean it it's like the Holy Spirit was just grieved and just it was we just ended service right there. I mean Mali probably remembers, maybe Lydia remembers. I mean the whole altar, everyone in the church was at the altar weeping and crying and this girl broke through to try to take and it just it ruined the whole atmosphere. It just it grieved the Holy Spirit because it wasn't operating by love. She was operating out of fear. Maybe there was jealousy. whatever it was, she didn't want her friend to court that certain boy. And back, like I said, back in the office, she repented and said, "I had the wrong spirit. Forgive me. The devil got on me." I said, "Well, that's a real Christian. At least she could repent of that." Praise God. We all got to be honest and repent if we're led by the wrong spirit, an evil spirit. I thought that was a real admiral. You know, she had her head down crying the whole time. That was real humility. But see, she didn't have it operating by love. If it would have been by love, she would have said, "Preacher, could I please speak this?" And if she if a preacher would have said no, she would have said, "Okay, I'll wait till later." But she wanted to out be out in front of everybody and take control and take the mic and try to just try to take over the service. And so that was selfish, right? It wasn't filled with love. And for some reason, she wanted to do it publicly rather than privately. Now, there are times for public rebukes, right? We just went through it, you know, back in February, we had to go through a public rebuke. But all that could have been handled before, but people won't meet, right? They won't they won't accept the one-on-one or the group, right? It all could have been handled differently. But Jesus gave us all the directions on what to do. Jesus showed us how to operate by love. Hallelujah. Amen. That's right. That's right. Amen. Now, I didn't get to that one, so uh we'll have to move on. I didn't get to I was going to show some more examples. Now, um look what brother Ram says. This is interesting. Uh Brother Ram said, "I have no control of miracles. My gift is not miracles. My gift is healing. All of you understand that, don't you? There's nine spiritual gifts. But many times, the angel of God will perform miracles. So, this is a little deeper thought here. Like every prophet, Brother Random had an angel that was with him throughout his entire life. Moses had an angel. I think it was Exodus 32, if I'm not mistaken. That angel was with Moses his whole life. Paul had an angel that was with him his whole life. Right? And so, Brother Ram had an angel. So, it's very interesting. The angel said, "You have a gift of healing, but uh when the people could receive God's word, the angel would do miracles." And that's scriptural, too, because the angels came and ministered to Jesus. And remember, the angel troubled the waters. There it is. Amen. In the book of John, the angel troubled the water. Praise God. Amen. That's that's fresh to me. Amen. Praise God. I never thought about that. Hallelujah. So see, just just pleasing the Lord, just creating a good atmosphere could cause angels to do miracles here tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. But I said, maybe you might not have that spontaneous faith to bring something just a miracle right to you. You may not have that kind of faith, but Jesus said if you had faith like a mustard seed, you could say to the mountain, "Be moved by and by, it would come to pass." It wouldn't vanish it away, but by and by it would come to pass. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm going to go to the next one. Now, some people have faith like this. Some has that much, some has that much. And some can go plum over their heads in miracles. But because you haven't got that much, that doesn't mean you can't be healed. If you have the least little bit of faith, you just stay right with it. It'll take you out. Will you believe that? That's the truth. God will make me answer for it. If I haven't told you the truth, can you accept it now on the basis of God's must? He must have stopped his sentence right there. Okay. But can you see that everybody has a portion of a gift right? In the Bible Jesus talked about you can have five talents, two talents or one talent. And a talent in in one in one sense is money but another sense is a spiritual ability. It's a spiritual portion of a gift that God had God has allowed to you. So some people now church we just got to make sure we just don't get jealous of people. Right? If somebody has more like as a preacher for me it's the devil tries to tempt me and say well see your church isn't as big as others and you can't preach like that preacher and the devil try to get me to be jealous but I don't get jealous I'm just happy for him. I'm just content because all I can do is just what God gave me. Praise God. If I pray, repent, study, uh fast, if I do if I do my part, God will do his part. Praise God. I've learned that over the course of uh I've been preaching since 2020 or 2004. I've learned that okay over the course of 21 years of preaching. Praise God. I just learned that. I'm just thankful you I want to I want to I I I say amen for brother Digs just as loud as I preach, right? Or Brother Brian Hawkins. I No, now I actually I better correct that. I'm not allowed to be as as loud because I don't want to hurt people's ears. My wife says, Jesse, sometimes you clap too loud. So over the years I've actually clapped less loud because I don't want to hurt people's ears in this tiny little room. See? So, I got Let me correct that. I used to clap really, really loud in here, but it got too loud. People let me know I was too loud. So, I said, "Okay, let me calm it down a little bit." Now, when I preach, I am a little louder, but just let me know if you want me to calm it down. Uh, but the point is uh we I call there's five talent preachers, there's two talent preachers, there's one talent preacher. Now, I don't know. Are there four and three talent people? I don't know. But Jesus gives us 52 and one in the Bible. So I'm just going to stay with that. Praise God. I could be wrong. There could be 54 321 talents. I don't know. But everybody has a measure of faith. Okay. Now, prophecy. What did I I got my mix Did I get my slides mixed up? Yeah, I got my uh slide mixed up. What did I do? I must have deleted one on accident or something like that. Okay. Yeah, I'm sorry. I must have deleted prophecy. Oh, accident deleted. Oh, yeah, cuz I duplicated it and then I forgot to Okay. Um, I'll go look it up here. Okay. I got it saved on here. I hope this works here by God's grace. Just bear with me here. I accidentally deleted a slide. I didn't mean to do that. That's chapter 13. Almost there. It's in chapter 11. What did I do? Okay, I'm almost there. There it is. Okay. My goodness. Sorry about that. my fault. So, prophecy is the ability that foretells the future, giving believers edification, exhortation, and comfort. Prophecies can be spontaneously pronounced aloud with thus sayith the Holy Ghost like Agabus in the scripture, right? Acts 21:1 or God can send a prophetic dream as he did with Nebuchadnezzar in Daniel chapter 2. When prophecies are pronounced in a public gathering, they are to be judged by two or three witnesses. According to 1 Corinthians 14 verse 29 and 1 Thessalonians 5:1 19-21, here are some examples uh of prophecies in the Bible. Jesus foretold Peter's three denials. Agabus prophesied a famine. Philip had four virgin daughters who prophesied. Uh, in 2013, a pastor friend of mine foretold the passing away of numerous preachers during that year. I'll never forget it. It was like after this service, we had like a prayer time after service and we went back in the in the pastor's study and uh the preacher said, "The Lord told me numerous famous message preachers are going to die this year." And if you know some of these names, uh, it was Joseph Coleman, Lee Vale, and, uh, I think it was, I can't remember the other one. Oh, Lonnie Jenkins. All died in the same year. So, the most famous worldwide message preachers that follow Brother Ram's ministry, uh, he said, "Thus sayith the Lord." And then there was other ones, too, but three of the most famous of all of them died that year. And I thought that was pretty striking. Uh, so that's that's one time. And then my, as I told you before, my wife and I have had numerous dreams where uh they were very specific, very detailed and came to pass, right? So if there's no prophet in the land, brother Brandham said, God will send dreams to people that are prophetic. Hallelujah. All right. Now, hopefully I got it. I don't have to read off of this. I hope I did the right uh Yeah. Brother Ram said, he says, "And there's a gift of prophecy which is in the church is to be judged by two or three judges when it's given." Now, I guess what I'll just say this, what's interesting is when the brother told me about the prophecy, we didn't have two or three people judge it. I was a very young Christian. I was a young pastor. I didn't have Oh, that's right. But it wasn't even publicly given. It was in privately given. So, yeah, I think there's a difference. I think when you're gathered in assembly and it's before everybody, it needs to be judged by two or three witnesses. Okay. So, I think that's what I was thinking about there. Uh, and then our dreams, you know, they weren't given publicly. They were just we woke up with we woke up and had the dreams and wrote it down and shared them with the two individuals and they they both of them were warnings, prophetic warnings of of of dreams and both came to pass. Now, Brother says, uh, for when a uh when a gift of prophecy come to a man, they declared him to be a prophet. Now, that's wrong. There's quite a difference between a gift of prophecy and a prophet. A gift of prophecy is in the church, but a prophet is born a prophet. See, that's the difference. Uh this man might prophesy tonight, he might never prophesy no more. So like for my case, I had one uh very specific dream that was prophetic. I've never had another one like that. Right? So So brother would call that that's a gift of prophecy of the nine gifts. But a prophet is someone who's a leader from the pulpit and says, "Thus sayith the Lord and G gives us prophecy and also gives us revelation of the word of God." Okay? Because a prophet is one of the five gifts, but a prophecy is also is also one of the nine gifts, right? So women can have the gift of prophesy, but they're not prophets. Preaching prophets, right? Okay. It might be on the woman over there the next night. This man back here the next night and that one over there. Okay, so that's a good great teaching by brother Brandham. A preaching prophet is born a prophet. And that's what remember that's what God told uh Miriam and Aaron. He said my servant Moses is he said if if there's a dreamer if there's a prophet I'll make myself known to him in dreams and visions. Okay. But my prophet Moses is even more than that. Praise God. Hallelujah. So, see, God will make himself known to a prophet if they're a prophet leader, right? And they'll have that their whole life. Okay? But a gift of prophecy could just be once in their life. All right? Now, discernment of spirit. The the word discern means to judge. It's knowledge that distinguishes, discerns, or judges between the two spirits. Right? Now, we talked about sister Lena having this one, right? Perhaps, right? on multiple occasions. You've seen it in your life. You're able to judge what spirit is on that person. Is that the Holy Spirit or is that an unclean spirit? Right? And discernment judges the spirit behind actions, word, prophecies, or words. That's why the Bible said, "Let two or three judge." You got to have uh gifts of discernment to judge prophecies that are given in the church. Hallelujah. Now, let me say one to my shame. Could I do that here? Let's see if I can pull it up. Yeah, I've been I've been seeing recently how uh Brother Brandham did you see the video I put out or I even read you the quote. Brother Ram said he was a jellyfish sometimes. Okay. And then brother Ram said, uh, if I can find this, I really like to read it. This one. Oh, there it just came to me. I don't know if I'll be able to find it. Okay. I don't know if I'm going to be able to find it. My goodness. I just was able to find it last time I looked for it. I'm just going to have to paraphrase it. So, to my own shame, when I was a very young pastor, we were in this prayer breakfast and uh at brother Cam's church. Wasn't actually in the church, but it was over that way. And we were praying. It was a men's breakfast and we were praying in a circle. Now, what's interesting the more I think about it, I was praying and I was holding hands with a brother who was in brother Cam's church and I knew he gave tongues and interpretations and I was praying. I said, "Lord, just please give us a word. Give us some type of a a tongue or interpretation." And the brother started saying, "Thus sayeth the Lord." Now, I'm just going to paraphrase it because I can't remember the words. This was 2012. Now, I'm remembering. And uh the voice said, "You already have everything you need." uh I'm already with you. Uh don't look for anything else. Everything you already need spiritually is already given for you. And we were just like, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But now it's come out that we don't have everything we need. Right. We need rapturing faith. Right. Right. We need faith to have our bodies changed in a moment. Twinkling of an eye. Praise God. But in that moment, I received it. Right. And I didn't judge it. because I was so desperate for sometime and church. This is the same man that became the pastor over there and then got caught cheating with uh I'm sorry trying to go after a high school girl and now he's in jail. He was a message preacher. Same one I shared with you a couple well last year. Very gifted. I mean could sing, could preach, uh would give words like that and seemed like a couple times it was right. But in that moment, in that prayer breakfast, I didn't have the discernment. But I can look back now, that was what, 13 years ago. I can look back now and say that was a little off and I should not have I should have prayed and asked God for discernment. I should have questioned it because it was in a public setting of brothers. It was like a we had breakfast, then I preached, then we prayed together, and that's when it went forth. So that's one time I didn't have the discernment I needed. Praise God. And we all have times where we don't we're not as spiritual as we ought to be. Hallelujah. So, uh, brother says, "A message of tongues has to be before the church receives it." Paul said, "Let's leave two or three judges with discernment of spirit before it can be accepted to the church." Okay? So, that's of course in 1 Corinthians 14:29. So, now I've learned and now since then, we've had three times where tongues have been spoken, unknown tongues have been spoken in the church. And every time what did I do? If some of you remember I said let's pray for the interpretation. Now did the interpretation ever come? No. But we did what was right. We prayed for it. Hallelujah. And then and then remember I even said I said mercy I I said uh if if if this person keeps if if we keep speaking in tonesues, let them keep speaking in tonesues. You know some people might say well there's no interpretation and uh so then they shouldn't speak in tonesues uh in the congregation. And that's right. But if the person's just growing in it, let's give them a chance to grow a little bit. Let's give them a few tries. Praise God. Right? Because we'll just because what if what if the person with the gift of interpretation needs to get under the anointing more? What if he or she needs to grow in in the in their gift of interpretation? In other words, we in other words, we don't want to quench the Holy Spirit. Right? So that that's why it's good to for a while that's why for those three times I said, let's just pray. Praise God. People are speaking in unknown tongues. Hallelujah. Let's pray for the interpretation. Let's give somebody else a chance if they have the gift to interpret. Hallelujah. All right. But discernment uh is knowing what spirit is on people. And I felt that's what happened to me when we went through our division here back in February when when when it was shared with me the verses that I supposedly broke and I felt the Holy Ghost fall on me and the peace of God came over me. To me looking back now to me that was discernment. I can now discern that was the wrong spirit. And so the peace of God came on me and I just shook hands and said, "Well, I disagree." I I don't think that verse has nothing to do with song leading. It was about adultery. David taking a wife, right? David taking Bash or Uriah's wife. That wasn't about song leading. That was about adultery. That's right. But the Holy Spirit came on me to recognize and I could I could discern that spirit. Hallelujah. So now it just kind of makes makes sense by God's grace because now I knew what spirit it was. Now before I was nervous I w but when once I heard the scripture the spirit of God came on me to give me discernment. Oh now you can have peace because that's not even about the situation. I could judge the spirit behind it. Hallelujah. Okay. Now I didn't get to that one. Um so Paul said let two or three judge with discernment of spirit before it can be accepted in the church. Now let me do this one. Let's go back to Hebrews 4:12 because we read that on Sunday. Um, this can be used for a prophet uh but also for uh discernment. So, a prophet gift is very similar to a gift of discernment. Okay. So, uh Lydia, did you got it? Hebrews 4:12. Could you read that for me, hun? Can we all say discerner? Ready? Discerner. So the the word of God, the word of God naturally discerns. So discernment should happen often in our services. Sometimes you confess to me or sometimes people confess to me in the prayer line that they were discerned. Something spoke to them in the service that I didn't know about. Right? Because that's what the word naturally does. Sometimes I see it on your faces. You look at each other and you nod and smile. Oh yeah, we remember that. See, the word the word knows. God knows the thoughts and intents of your heart. Okay. And that's what that's what discernment is. It's able to judge the spirit, right? It judge your spirit. What were you thinking of? Right? Was it the Holy Spirit or the evil spirit? Hallelujah. But see, some people some people might have the gift of discernment but think they're prophets. And I'm not talking about you sister. I'm just saying in general like people like Pentecostal people, you know, or people that anyone that believes in gifts. And I love Pentecostal people. I was raised Pentecostal. They're sweet people. Now, I don't I don't agree with their denomination. I surely blast their denominations, right? Because uh denominations uh transgress the word of God by making the word of God of none effect. But they can be sweet people inside of the system. They're just blinded to the system. They're foolish, right? They got to be more wise and come out of that system. That's right. Absolutely right. Because the Bible says, "Come out of her, my people." And it's just not the Catholic Church. It's all the daughter churches, too. Every church that has a denomination is a daughter of the mother harlot. So, the people got to know to come out of there. Praise God. I lost my train of thought here. What was I saying? Anybody remember what I was saying? I lost my train of thought. Oh yeah, discernment and pro. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you, hun. Appreciate it. Ah, I've always said you're my backup mind. You're my you're my backup memory. Yeah. So, you see, you know, uh someone might have a gift of discernment and they'd be able to judge something in somebody's life, but then they automatically make them a prophet when they're not. They just have the gift of discernment because they're very similar. A prophet can have the gift of discernment, right? To know the thoughts. By vision, a prophet will see it. Right? But a gift of discernment won't have the vision. They'll just have the sense this is the right spirit. This is the wrong spirit. Okay? Like I met a man at at Lydia's graduation party two years ago. Well, I know this man. His name's Andy. Uh and he said he said this man walked up to him at a church service and said, "The Lord just told me this and this and that." And the man, the man Andy looked at me and said, "Jesse, he it's like he read my mail." Okay, so that's a gift of discernment, right? He was able to know the thoughts and intents of his heart, but he didn't say it with thus sayith the Lord, which is shows he's not a prophet, right? And he he said he didn't have a vision. And yeah, Andy said he didn't have a vision. He just said it would just comes to him as he's talking like God will just take over his mouth and just start speaking through him. And he's like, he's like, the man's like, I don't even know what I'm saying. Like, God takes over for me. Right? So, that's a gift of discernment. That's not a prophet because a prophet will stand there and say, "That's thus sayith the Lord." Hallelujah. Amen. Right? So, we got to be careful, right? We don't want to make discernment people prophets when they're not prophets. Hallelujah. I'm already at 8 o'clock. Okay. All right. So, how are we doing? Okay. So, yeah, it has been admitted by tongues evidence people that there are false and true tongues for God, false and true tongues. For God has the genuine and Satan has the false. So, my question is, who knows what is real? Who understood the language to know what was spoken? Who has the gift of discernment to know? Okay. So, if somebody has a gift of discernment, they can know if that person that spoke in tongues, was that God or did that person make it up? Right? Because I've had friends that told me they made up their tongues just because they they didn't want to be embarrassed. Right. Yeah. And the man, the good man, his name is Greg, and he cried. He was so he was so sincere about it. The preacher just put the mic in his face and said, "Did you receive the Holy Ghost?" He said, "Yes." "Then speak in tongues." And he was put on the spot in front of everybody. That's a bad preacher right there. That's right. Amen, brother. That's right. Hallelujah. See, that's that's Satan, the God of force, right? He's forcing you to speak in tongues. The Bible says that Satan is the god of force. He's forcing you to do something. But God will lead you into something. Amen. Hallelujah. If if you'll surrender, he'll lead you into it because God's a gentleman. Hallelujah. Uh it's 8 o'clock. Uh tongue. Oh, the last two. Yeah, these are these are fairly explanatory, right? We've these are self-explanatory. Uh a tongue is a language uh speaking in tongues or speaking languages or tongues of men or angels. So there's two kinds of tongues. It's either a tongue of a of some nation around the world or it's angelic tongue. There's only two kinds of tongues, right? It's either a tongue you can learn and go talk to somebody who in their country, right, or tribe or it's an angelic tongue which no human knows. That's how angels talk. Some tongues are for private prayer if there's no interpreter. That's what I was talking about earlier. If somebody just spoke in tonesues all the time and we just kept praying and there was no interpreter, I'd walk up and say, "Well, I appreciate you speaking in tongues, but let's keep it in your private life, you know, would you?" Because there there's obviously nobody here with the gift of interpretation. Okay? Uh tongues that are interpreted edify the entire church and therefore are most desired. Okay? So, the most desirable gifts are the ones that edify the most group of people. Hallelujah. Brother said, "I've spoken in tongues several times and I believe it's the power of God." Yes. I don't believe in the initial evidence now is speaking in tonesues, but I believe there's a power of God makes you speak in tongues, signs and wonders to follow. Yes, sir. Whoops. I did the wrong button. Brother Ram said he was working one time. Uh he walked many miles. I think he'd be walked like he Yeah, he walked the railroad tracks. And he said, "I was coming down the track and I was along there. I was singing. I always sang. I had different places where I went to pray. I was going along there singing all at once. I come to found out I was speaking in tonesues, not knowing what I was doing. So, he would just sing so much that one time he just started singing in tonesues. I've heard singing in tonesues before. I I was raised in a Pentecostal church. There was tonesues quite often. Hallelujah. Uh so yeah, brother said that's how it happened to him. Sometimes he would just sing and then he starts speaking in tonesues. Brother man said speaking in tongues comes in such a combustion that the person hardly knows what they're doing. They don't know what they're saying. And interpretation is the same way. They know not what they're going to say. They have no more idea they're going to say it because it's supernatural. When I've when I've talked to people uh back at the Assemblies of God church where I was raised, that's what they said. They just open their mouth and the words would come out. They didn't plan it all out and say, "Well, I'm going to say this. I'm going to say that." They just start speaking and God speaks through them. Amen. kind of like with that discernment, that discernment gift, the same thing. You just start talking and starts flowing out. Okay. One time somebody told me it's like a it's like a it's like there's a container inside of you and it breaks and it just gushes out and so you just got to let it flow. That's what somebody told me one time. Brother Chris I don't know. That's a good question, brother. I don't know. I have to look that up. It would be it would uh the only way to know is would be to know lots of languages, right? Because somebody would speak in a tongue that nobody ever heard before, right? And so if it was a tongue no human ever heard before, then that would be an angelic tongue. Yeah. Good question. Give them two claps. Good question, man. Uh, but as far as quotes from brother Bram, I don't have any on that. U, I could look for some by God's grace. All right. U, so I'm going to Yeah, remember the Bible said, "Do all speak with tongues?" The answer is no. Do all have the gift of interpretation? No. Now, interpretation is uh interpreting what's been spoken by someone else. Uh interpretations to tongues should be prayed for and judged by the gift of discernment. So see see church gifts can be a lot of prayer right because first you pray for the spirit to come and then when the spirit gets there uh and manifest then you got to pray for the interpretation and then you got to pray you get the right discernment. So see that's why that's one reason why I believe maybe we don't have as many gifts operating because we're not praying enough. Right. That's what that that would just be my my guess. It's either that or uh it's not God's time and season. Right? Because we we can't and we can't control the gifts. Like I can't take my gift out and say, "Okay, now I'm going to do a miracle because I I control the miracles." No, the miracles control me. Right. God controls me. I don't control it. That's right. Yeah. I can't turn it off and on. Now, the only thing you can with that, you can turn off the tongues where the Bible says, remember uh the Bible said uh the spirit of the pro prophets prophets is subject to the prophets. So that that that's a case of a person who can speak in tongues, they can stop it if there's no interpreter. That's the one time we can, right? That's one time we can uh if somebody had the uh the gift of tongues, they just have to hold it in. Brother Brooks has told me he's done that. He's he's had to hold it in when he felt like it. Some sometimes you have to do that. And brother Bam says sometimes uh some will speak in tongues maybe for five for five minutes and other one give four words of interpretation. See, it has to be the same sound, the same rise and fall of the voice. So, Brother Bam saw it so much. He said the the interpretation has to match the tongue. Okay? Has to match the tongue. Now, let me see if I I want to just close. Yeah, I want to close with this here. All right. Now, let's close with this. Now, if you are unsure on your gift, wait. Because brother Ram says, "Satan loves to trick people and make them think they have gifts when they don't." So, just wait, right? Just wait. Don't try to say get under pressure like, "Oh, I gotta figure this out now. I gotta figure Is that how the strawberry the strawberries came up right now?" But all all winter where they're saying, "I gotta produce now. I gotta produce now." No. They waited for the time and season to produce. And that's how a Christian has to be. You have to just have confidence in God. God will manifest your gift at just the right time. Like I told you, when I first walked in the message church and I was a believer in the message, I felt a ma I literally felt a magnet up to the pulpit. I walked in that door and I'm like, I need to go up there and I didn't even know what it was. I didn't know it was like me preaching. I just like I felt like, man, I just feel something like inside of me drawing me. And then people would invite me to pray and I'd come up here and pray. I'd be like then people invite me to sing songs. And then the one brother's like, Jess, you need to preach. I'm like, I don't know about that. I felt inside and then I when I uh the first time I preached nothing really happened but the second time I prayed and fasted and said God show me and then I knew God called me to preach because people were delivered from their sins. Uh the whole altar was full over there in Lima. And so now I have no doubts. Praise God. I just got to remain humble and faithful to uh to the calling in life. Okay. But I just waited on it. Now, after I was preaching a while, Brother Austin, two people come up and said, "I always knew you're going to be a preacher. The first time I saw you, I knew you'd be a preacher." I I was like, "I wish you would have told me that when you saw me. Why didn't you tell me when you met me?" No, I'm just joking. Uh, Romans 12 3-8. Romans 12. We're closing with a couple verses here. Romans 12 3-8. Now, it's good to uh It's good to u uh it's good to wait it out. Yeah. It's good to go through those trials. It's good. It's good to go through the uncertainty because that's a chance for you to trust in God. You learn to wait. You learn to uh struggle. You learn to trust. You you learn to pray harder, right? Amen. You don't you don't want to bring reproach upon God. You don't want to be out. You don't want to be in the permissive will of God. You want to be in the perfect will of God. Amen. It's kind of like growing pains, right? You just got to Don't you want to grow? Yeah. But you got to go through the growing pains, right? Or else you ain't going to grow. Hallelujah. Romans 12:3, for I say through the grace given unto me to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think, but to think soberly. So if you think you got a five talent gift, uh, take it down a few talents. Now, if you got a one, if you're happy with one, you can't go any lower than one because everybody has one gift. The Bible said, uh, it's given to every man to profit with all. Every me every person has a gift at least one according let's finish verse three as God had dealt to every man the measure of faith. So everybody has a measure or portion of some gift. So I'm looking at these young men I wonder if any of them got preaching gifts. It's okay if they don't. Right? But these young men here that have just been with us Mercy's family. I wonder what gifts they got in their life. You know I think about Malachi and of course as a man I think about preachers. you know, Zion, you know, Andy and uh James, you know, the the boys in our church. Now we got Vander, you know, I wonder what gifts in his life. Austin, you know, Chris, Brother Rod, what gifts, you know, just wonder what gifts are in their life. But everybody has a measure, right? And remember, the Bible says, don't compare yourself to other people. In other words, don't get jealous of other people. Be happy for other people. Amen. Brother Ram says, "I can't be Billy Graham." Right. Right. Amen. You're right, brother. He said, "But Billy Graham can't be me." Right. Hallelujah. That's right. Boy, he really turned out awful, didn't he? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Oh, yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yeah, that's right. Pride goes before the fall. But you have to look at it like that. You can do something because you're in a different position than any other person on earth. So you have a gift to meet the needs around the people that you're with. Right? And nobody else can beat nobody else can take your place until God calls you home. Right? The Bible says a gift makes room for himself. Let's read that. That's Proverbs. But I'll read that. But then we want to stay in Romans 12. This is just kind of coming to me. Yeah. Proverbs 18:16. A man's gift makes room for him. So you don't got to push your way and say, "Well, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do that." The gift does it for you. The gift comes in and and makes room for you. You don't got to make your push your way into anything. People like like people invited me up to preach. I never pushed my way to preach. They they told me to preach. They asked me to preach. Now re one reason why I was already doing Bible studies. I was already teaching all these Bible studies and Tim's like, "Well, you need to go preach, Jess. You're already teaching the word and you got people baptized and all these things." Okay, let me pray about it. You know, so a gift will make room for yourself and brings you before great men. Hallelujah. Think of Brother Brand, all the kings that he prayed for the he had vice president. He had a breakfast with Richard Nixon. Brother Brham, we have a picture of him with Richard Nixon. It brought him before great men, right? Powerful men in the in the government. Uh the congressman upshaw was healed through brother's ministry. Praise God. Now back to Romans 12 verse 4. For as we have many members in in one body, all members have not the same office. So we being many are one body in Christ, and everyone members one of another. having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us. Whether prophecy, let us prophesy according to the proportion of faith. So see, think about that prophecy. Some people prophesy entire books of the Bible. And Jeremiah and Isaiah and Ezekiel said, "Amen." Right? But if we had a dream, a prophetic dream, it was very small. Nothing compared to the book of Ezekiel. Because everybody has a proportion of a gift, right? Hallelujah. Verse uh verse seven. Or ministries. Now, here's what I'm talking about with the preachers or ministry. Let us wait on our ministering. So, see, if you're not sure, just wait. Just wait. Your gift will make room for you. You won't have to push yourself in anything. God will push you into it. Yeah. God will push you into it. That's right. Hallelujah. He says, uh, yeah, the Bible says, "Or he that teacheth on teaching." So if you think you can really teach something really good, just wait on it. Wait on it, right? Let God do it. Verse eight, or he that exhortth, that means to give comfort, on exhortation. He that giveth, let him do it with simplicity. Remember, don't make a show of it. Don't let your right hand know what your left hand's doing. He that ruleth with diligence. So see, ruler, preacher, pastor, right? I gota I got to be diligent. I got to be faithful, right? Whether I feel it or not, I'm coming to church, right? Whether I whether I feel good or feel bad, I'm going to come to church, right? You you got to be diligent. Yeah. He that showeth mercy with cheerfulness. Okay. So, we get some good uh instruction there. Last last set here. I'm This is my last slide here. by God's grace. Remember church, gifts are secondary because everybody has a gift whether a person's saved or lost. So, Matthew 7:21, very familiar for us. One of this was one of the most important verses I ever uh heard brother Ram preach because before I heard brother Ram, this was my biggest question about the Bible was Matthew 7:21-23. I sat there, I still see myself at Akan University. I'm reading my NIV Bible. I'm like, "What does this mean?" And then uh not a few months later, I hear brother preach the sermon called the anointed ones of the end time. Totally explained it. Matthew 7:21, "Not everyone that saith unto me, Lord, Lord," shall enter in the kingdom of heaven, but he which doeth the will of my father which is in heaven. So, anybody can say, "God, save me. God save me." That doesn't mean you're going to heaven. You have to meet God's conditions to go to heaven. Amen. Right? What's the condition? Do the will of God. Obey. And you only obey if you love God. Jesus said, "If you love me, keep my commands." So you got to love Jesus more than you love the world. You can't love the world. If you love the world, the love of God is not even in you. Verse 22. And this is what shook me. Many will say to me in that day, so a lot of people are going to be saying, I said, Lord, Lord, I called I I said the sinner's prayer, right? Or I had a gift of miracles. I had a miracle in my life or I spoke in tongues or I prophesied or I did a word of wisdom, word of knowledge. Many are going to say that. Not not a few, many. Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? And in thy name have cast out devils and in thy name done many wonderful works. So that could be praying, fasting, giving alms, uh giving with cheerfulness, right? All these things. And verse 23, and then I will profess unto them, I never knew you. Depart from me, ye that work iniquity. Jesus never said, you didn't prophesy. He never said you didn't cast out devils. So they actually did those things and they're still lost. Okay? And the secret of it is, brother Baron tells us they're workers of iniquity. So, in other words, they knew about God and they would repent for a little bit to get to get the anointing of God on them to do miracles and whatever, cast out devils, all these things, but then they would uh get that they would grieve the Holy Spirit and then they would get evil spirits on them and live like a devil. Right? So, they come in the church, God would use them because they're devoted for that short period of time, but they spend the rest of their time living like a devil. Hallelujah. Because the rain falls, the Holy Ghost falls on the just and the unjust. Hallelujah. 1 Corinthians 13 1-3. We're not there, but I did preach on that earlier in the series. And so since we understand all the mysteries in the Bible because brother Ram fulfilled Revelation 10:7 uh we have to make sure we have the love of God. So I like brother Rod's I didn't tell Rod I was going to say this but Rod a couple times and said you're really loving brother Jess and you just treat me kind and that made me feel good. You know brother Rod because that means I got charity but I also understand all the mysteries. Hallelujah. There's 12 that are called mysteries in the New Testament. And brother Ram gave us the revelation of all of them. Hallelujah. Glory. So I appreciate that, brother Rod. Verse verse one. Though I speak with tongues of men and angels. So there's two kinds of tongues. And have not charity, I'm become as a sounding brass and a tinkling symbol. Just some just a noise maker, right? It doesn't if you don't have love, it what good is it? It doesn't do any good. And though I have the gift of prophecy and understand all mysteries. Now, that's us as message believers because Revelation 10:7, the mystery of God is finished through the seventh angel. Brother Bram's the seventh church age messenger. And all knowledge and see all that deep understanding, all the keys. In other words, you have all the keys of knowledge. And though I have all faith, so I could remove mountains and have not charity, I'm nothing. See, so that just means any gift, right? Any gift you have, no matter what gift you have and how much you can manifest it, it doesn't mean anything if you don't have love. And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned and have not charity, it profits me nothing. Hallelujah. Now, we're not going to read this, but I'm just going to uh I'm just going to emphasize this. These two verses show sinners can even have the Holy Spirit on them to do miracles. And the example in the Bible is Balum. Balam had the gift of prophesy. He prophesied of the star that led the wise men to Jesus. They were following Balam's prophecy. But Balam went to hell. His prophecy was true. But he taught Israel to commit fornication. He taught him to commit sexual sin. Therefore, he went to hell. Right? So, he had the anointing for a while, but then he lost anointing. The Bible says sometimes he would go to God and other times he would go to witches. And so, that's what that's what we have today even in in churches. Preachers can preachers or anybody can do miracles, but what other spirits are they going after when they're not in church? That's the question. You got to live the life in your home. You got to be, I'll say like this, a worker of righteousness, not a worker of iniquity. Iniquity is lawlessness. In other words, that doesn't apply to me. I can still live in the world. I can still love the world. I can do whatever I want. God anoints me. I do miracles. God uses me for miracles. Yeah, God may do that. But you might be a vessel of dishonor. Make sure your life is a vessel of honor to the Lord Jesus Christ. So, see, he sometimes he would go to demon spirits, other times he'd go to almighty God. and God would speak to him and God would anoint him and his gifts would operate. But second Peter 2, let's let's close with that one. Second Peter 2. So when we preach on gifts, it's it's for us, we're believers, it should stir us up, but we must always keep the balance. Love is the greatest gift of all. Hallelujah. Yes, we understand all the mysteries. Thank God. But let's still be loving to each other. Let's that's the most important thing. I think you've heard the saying, "People don't care how much you know till they know how much you care." Right? Have you heard that before? I've heard that numerous times down through the years. People don't care how much I know about the Bible. They just want to know that I care about them. I help them with food and clothing, right? You know, be kind to them. They don't care if I can recite all the 12 New Testament mysteries. They don't care. They want to know, do I love people? Do I have the love of Jesus Christ? That's what they want to know. Second Peter 2:10, but chiefly them that walk after the flesh in the lust of uncleanness and despise government. Presumptuous are they self-willed. They're not afraid to speak evil of dignities. Whereas angels which are greater in power and might bring not railing accusation against them before the Lord. But these, now he's going to talk about Balum here. But these, as natural brute beasts made to be taken and destroyed, speak evil of things that they understand not, and shall utterly perish in their own corruption. and shall receive the reward of unrighteousness as they that count it pleasure to riot in the daytime. Spots are they and blemishes sporting themselves with their own deceings while they feast with you. Remember Balum was deceiving them to commit sexual sin. Oh, it's okay to comm. It's okay to have sex even if you're not married. It was a deception. He was a beast. He was a natural brute beast. Hallelujah. That's why he went to hell. He was a worker of iniquity. Think about that. He saw the star that led the wise men to Jesus. He saw in a vision. The Bible said his eyes were open. He was in a trance and he saw that star lead some them lead lead them to the Messiah. But then after that he wanted to go see some filth as well. Help us Lord. Verse 14. Having eyes full of adultery and that cannot cease from sin. See you got to get victory over sin in your life. beguiling unstable souls like telling them to commit fornication and heart they have exercised with covetous practice. See remember why did he go there? He wanted money. Hallelujah. Remember was it King Bailo or Beric? I always get those mixed up. Bareric. Bailac. Was it Bailac? Thank you. I always get those two mixed up. Bailac and Barack because I think of Barack Obama for some reason. And I don't think he's on the Lord's side. I know he's not on the Lord's side because the tree is known by its fruit. Uh, so Bailo, Bailo paid him money, remember? Because he said, "Oh, God told me not to go." Bailo's like, "Oh, go ask God again. I'll give you money if you come." See, covetous preachers, right? False preachers, cursed children, which have forsaken the right way. They've gone astray, following the way of Balum. See, Balam forsook the right way. Even God anointed a donkey to talk to him to try to stop him from going. See, God will put every red light in front of us. We must heed the warnings. Praise God. But he just went right through the donkey, too. He asked God a second time. Can I go God a second time? You've already got God's first word. Why do you need a second? You don't. But he wanted the money. He says, uh, are gone astray. Verse 15, following the way of Balam, the son of Bozar, who loved the wages of unrighteousness. See, he wanted the money. And so that that way he he knew he could get Israel to fall in sexual sin. couldn't curse them, but could brother Ram said he could uh cause them for God to punish them through their sexual sin. But he was rebuked for his iniquity. The dumb ass speaking with man's voice forbade the madness of the prophet. These are wells without water, clouds that are carried with a tempest to whom the mist of darkness is reserved forever. So that's the proof that Balam went to hell. Look at verse 19. While they promised them liberty, they themselves are the servants of corruption. See, because he wanted money. Bam was a he really wanted money. For of whom a man is overcome of the same as he brought into bondage. That's why, church, we don't get overcome by sin. We overcome sin. And you better make sure your sins don't overcome you, but you overcome your sins. Praise God. Hallelujah. We can do it. We can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. For if after they've escaped the pollutions of the world through the knowledge of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein and overcome. The latter end is worse with them than the beginning. This is what happened to Judas's scared as well, right? He come out to follow Jesus, but what got him? The money. Seem like money is a common one, right? He went right back to the money and left Jesus. Betrayed him and he was uh he hung himself the son of predition. His latter end was worse than his beginning. For it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness than after they have known it to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them. But it's happened unto them according to the true proverb. The dog is re is turned to his own vomit again and the sow that was washed to her wallering in the mire. Amen. Let's stand to our feet. Praise God. We'll stop right there. I can't let that be the last verse. I got to end on a positive one here by God's grace. Matthew 25 musicians can come. I'm ending of course with the parable of talents. I'll just read about the the first servant there. Verse 20, Matthew 25:20. And so he that had received five talents came and brought other five talents, saying, Lord, thou deliverest unto me five talents. Behold, I have gained beside them five talents more. His lord said unto him, Well done, thou good and faithful servant. Thou has been faithful over a few things. I will make thee ruler over many things. Enter thou in the joy of the Lord. How many want to be diligent with the gifts God's given you? Praise God. If you're not sure, church, wait on it. Just be diligent in everything else. Right? When my gift was made known to me, I gave myself fully to preaching, fully to studying, fully to teaching. But before that, I was just faithful to God. Faithful to God everything I know. If you don't know your gifts yet, be faithful to God. And wait on the Lord. Hallelujah. He'll restore your strength. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. Let's bow for a word of prayer. Father God, we're thankful for tonight, Lord. Thank you, Lord, that we can make it through these uh gifts. Numbers four down through nine. Forgive me, Lord of my forgetfulness. I lost my spot there. I deleted a slide there. Forgive me, Lord. But I believe your people understand. They can wait on you, Lord God. They can trust you, Lord God. Lord, we've heard a lot of scripture tonight, Lord God. A lot of quotes, Lord, uh by your grace trying to rightly divide the word of truth. I trust your people were blessed. And Father, as Paul told us in Romans 12, help us to wait upon our ministering, Lord God. Help us to wait upon our teaching, Lord. Wait upon our prophesying, whatever the gift may be. May we wait upon the Lord until we have strength to do it, Lord God. Lord, as we saw even in the scripture tonight, Lord, help us to be workers of righteousness, Lord God, and help us have the love of Jesus Christ in our hearts so that whatever we do, it will profit other people. Lord, how sister Naomi's uh gift of faith profited us, Lord God. That gave us a great security that God was with us. As my wife's word of knowledge for the preacher gave him a great consolation that he's in the will of God. He's not out of it, he's in it. Great gave him a great consolation that that you're with him, dear God. Lord, even me hearing those three tongues with even without interpretation, Lord, that gave me a great consolation, Lord God, that you're moving amongst us. So Lord, that's why we're thankful. That's why we want to give these testimonies of people being healed. And Lord, getting words of wisdom, word of knowledge, Lord, your spirit helping us out. We want to be mindful of these. And we want to give you thanks and praise when your spirit moves amongst us, Lord God. Hallelujah. Lord, we just want to be there when it happens, Lord God. We just want to be found faithful, Lord God. We want to hear those beautiful words, "Well done, thou good and faithful servant." Lord, may each person, Lord God, serve you with diligence, Lord. May we bring our bodies into subjection to the word of God. May we be consecrated that you can use us, Lord, for your glory, Lord God. Hallelujah, Jesus. Lord God. Hallelujah. Lord God, we thank you for tonight, Lord [Music] God. Lord, my prayer is Lord God that you would allow each person to see gifts manifest in their life, Lord [Music] God. And of course, Lord, the greatest gift would be the baptism of the Holy Ghost, Lord, for a person to know they're born again, that something has happened to them. They are now a witness. They have power to be a witness that they didn't have before, Lord God. For Lord Jesus, that's what you said. Go up and tear in Jerusalem until you be endued with power from on high. And then you'll be my witnesses in Jerusalem, in Judea, and the uttermost parts of the earth, Lord God. Father, I want to be a witness here in Akran, in Doylestown. Lord, I want to be a witness where you place me, Lord God. Hallelujah. Lord, meet the needs of your people here tonight, Lord. We're so happy to be in your house, Lord. May we identify our gifts, Lord, and be faithful with them. And we appreciate the greatest gift, eternal life. May each one of us have that in Jesus
