################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-07 - (9-7-25) God Hiding HImself in Simplicity, Pt. 4 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-07
Title:   (9-7-25) God Hiding HImself in Simplicity, Pt. 4 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJ6UVdKHDdM
========================================

revealing himself in the same uh it's a beautiful message if you haven't listened to it lately. I was listening to it yesterday and a huge blessing. There's so many uh quotes that come out of this sermon. No doubt, no wonder the person put it in a song. You know, they they put God hiding himself in simplicity in a song. Verse 25, I'll read 25 and we can all read uh 26 together. At that time Jesus answered and said,"I thank thee, oh father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou has hid these things from the wise and prudent, and has revealed them unto babes." Let's read verse 26. Ready? 1 2 3. Even so, Father, for so it seemed good in thy sight. May God add his blessing to Rem's word. You may be seated. You can switch over. I just got a quick visual. And now I remember what I want to say, but it's okay. I'll say it on live stream. Just a little more vague, I guess. Uh, that's right. Yeah. Um this week, you know, I was over lifting at the gym, you know, and I ran into our brother who visited us, and he was still talking about what a wonderful time it was in the Lord. And um I don't want to say too much, but um you know, he's gone to Catholic church his whole life, and yet he comes here, Brother Vang, and he feels he feels the girls behind him praying or singing, and he said all of his hairs were standing up the whole song service because he hadn't felt the presence of God, the spirit of God like he felt in this little church. Now, think about that. He's been to massive Catholic institutions, right? You've seen the big buildings, but yet he comes here and he feels the Holy Ghost in a brand new way he's never felt before. And then he was testifying to this man who joined the gym. He's like, "You need to go to his church." I don't know if that's going to happen, but but Jesus thanked God that he hid it from the eyes of the wise and prudent and revealed it unto babes. Such as we learn. Remember, don't forget my cousin here was just in August here in August. He said he couldn't even sing during the song service because of all the worship. Sometimes we take uh for granted the Holy Ghost anointing that's in this place. Right? Like brother Bam said, he said uh my wife, I become common to my wife. She becomes common to me. Sometimes we forget what a blessing that we have by God's presence. So there we have two witnesses. People can hardly sing and hardly uh hardly just deal with the presence of God that's so fresh here. Church, if you have a prayer request today, let's believe God. &gt;&gt; God is here. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; God is here. And as and oh yeah, I also want to say thank you. On Wednesday, I changed the service because uh my mother-in-law was here. And I don't know if you caught that, but I was going to preach this. But when I realized my mother-in-law was coming, we're like, I I thought, well, Lord, what could I say that would be uh on her level, you know, something that would uh uh maybe be so simple because I was going to get into this sermon. Well, it's hard to it's hard for somebody to come in and and then listen to a preacher preach about what another preacher preached 60 years ago. uh and it wasn't like all it was wasn't like a lot of deep scriptures. You know, these are a lot of quotes I'm going to go through this morning. But, uh I wanted to be more scriptural and so I just tried to go with the leading of the Lord. But thank you for doing that. You know, even my mother-in-law said on Wednesday night when I got home, she really enjoyed the service and you all have treated the guests so well. I want to thank you for that. Um like Brendan and Adam said, I you know, they said, "We instantly felt the love of the church." So, thank you for loving people. Praise God. I'm happy to be a part of a church that we let the Holy Ghost do the rebuking, right? We let the Holy Ghost do the correction. Well, you're not dressed exactly right or you got the wrong attitude or you don't go to the right church. You know, you need to come to our church. I'm glad that we let the Holy Ghost reveal it to people. &gt;&gt; Now, some people might need that type of a straight rebuke or something like that, but I'm glad to be a part of a church that we just let the Holy Ghost do it. Praise God. If they're the seed of God, you can't miss it if you're the seed of God. If you're if you're a real rose rose plant seed, you will produce rose petals. Hallelujah. And then you will go to the right church. You'll believe the word. You'll find the truth because the seed of God is already in you. And brother Chris, you're a great example of that, brother. All your family, you know, nobody nobody was blooming in their rose, right? But you had a seed of God inside of you. Hallelujah. And so when Austin talked to you, you heard the word of God, you received it. Hallelujah. So, thank the Lord for that. Amen. Amen. Okay. So, I think I can preach now here. We'll see. By God's grace. So, we want to look here again at this thought of God hiding himself uh in simplicity. Uh part, this is part four. Pardon me. I want to set my timer. So, we've looked at recognize your day. It's a message. Now, that I'm I just gave these like a one-s sentence review in my mind. This was about recognizing we're in Leodysa. God has sent a prophet and he's restoring us back to the apostolic faith. That's what that sermon was about. Serpency, we know that. That's basically um how sin came into the world. Sin sin came in by adultery, but God's going to bring it back by virginity. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. By the seed of God, the spiritual seed of God. Perfect faith. We know. We found out what that was. That was just a revelation. So when God makes something known to you, you don't have any doubts. You have perfect faith. It's not trying to have faith. It's God revealed it to you so you do have faith. &gt;&gt; Right? That's where we got to learn. I got to learn. We all got to learn. We all got to be led by the Holy Spirit. The breach again was uh uh the breach was revelation four and five. Brother said it's the breach or the division between the church ages and the seven seals. And in those sermons, brother Bam focused on the the power of the lamb. The lamb redeemed us to God. The lamb is the only one worthy to come and open the seven seals. And that shows us that Jesus Christ has redeemed us back to our original position as kings and priests unto God. Hallelujah. And then if we're faithful here, if we have the right character here, he'll take that same character and he'll cause us to rule and reign in the millennium. Amen. The message of grace, by the way, I went through all these examples of God's grace on Noah, Moses, David, all these beautiful examples. And then I love what he used. Uh he used Zerubabel. The the headstone was put on with shoutings of grace, grace unto it. And we know the headstone represents the second coming of Jesus Christ. So we get a revelation that God will give us more grace for the rapture. Amen. God has given grace for the foundation to be established through St. Paul build the church ages. But as that capstone comes, it's going to be shouting. There's going to be shoutings of grace, grace. Thank you, God, for all the grace you've given to us. Amen. And the coming of the Lord, uh we kind of focused on the pre-tribulation rapture. It's come under a lot of attack lately. Uh so has the Scofield Bible, but we looked at there and we can see it all through the scripture. It's mysterious because the rapture is called a mystery. You won't just pick up your Bible and understand it. You need revelation from the Holy Spirit, right? Just like the Godhead. You won't just pick up the Bible and know uh uh well, Father, Son, Holy Ghost, what you won't you won't exactly know the revelation, but you need the Holy Spirit to reveal it to you. Thank God that the mysteries of God are finished in this hour. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And now we're looking at God hiding himself in simplicity. Uh in the first three sermons, we've only looked at the Brother Rams, we're looking at his first 58 minutes before he even start starts preaching. It's a three hour. It's over a three-hour sermon. The first hour is basically a church dedication. He's talking about how the church has changed. It's renovated and so forth. And then the spoken word original seat, if you haven't listened to that, it's two sermons. One's three hours, one's three and a half, and they put them together. It's a six and a half hour sermon. Praise God. And uh just so many nuggets in that one, too. I was listening to that this week and uh enjoying what I was so blessed by what I was hearing. I I guess I'll just show this here uh again. So with uh this this cloud was a a fulfillment of a prophecy from brother Brandham. He said in the name of the Lord. He said I'm here tonight in the name of the Lord. I was I had a vision, right? I had a vision of a snow white pyramid and I'm going to meet the angels and something's going to happen. He didn't he didn't know what it was. But when he finally met the angels, they said, "Go back and open the seven seals for God." In other words, preach the revelation of the seven seals. He thought he thought this vision and meeting these this these angels would be his death. He said it's not my death. It's a furtherment of my ministry. Hallelujah. The third poll. And then you know we looked at Brandham Tabernacle before the 63 renovation and then it was expanded 30% and then they have the current Brandom Tabernacle which is only used one time. It's used on Wednesday night for silent prayer meetings. Uh it's been abandoned as we looked at re recently. We preached on that as well. And then we looked at the lily. Okay. Uh by God's grace. All right. That's all. I think that's all. Well, I'm sorry. No, let me put that up there real quick. Yeah. Let me put this up here real quick. I'll just leave this up here for a brief moment. Okay. So, I'm I'm looking at this sermon here. God hiding himself in simplicity. I got my notes on another uh device. I think I'll just use my notes here that you can see that just for a little bit. Now, is that helpful by God's grace to see where we're at? Hopefully, you can see where we're at here uh looking at this uh topic here as we get into part four. All right. So, Brother preaches God hiding himself in simplicity Sunday morning and then the breach on Sunday night. We've already preached through that. Uh and then he preaches the opening of the seven seals, questions and answers in the morning. He ends with the seventh seal. Okay. Now, I'm just going to briefly go through a few quotes here by God's grace. Uh here, brother Ram says, "Many times," now he's preaching in this morning service. He says, "Many times our teenage children and sometimes adults, you know, young people will pass notes or cut up or something in the church. You're old enough to know better than that. You should know better than that. you shouldn't come here if you expect to be a real man someday and raise a family. So, Brother Vang, that's what we are. We're we're real men, right? But man said, if you expect to be a real man and raise a family someday, hallelujah, and all of our future uh dads, right? Hallelujah. And if you're called to that, some people might not be called to be a father, but brother says, "A real man will raise his children." If you expect to be a real man someday, raise a family to the kingdom of God, then start it off at the beginning. See, act right and do right. Now, of course, &gt;&gt; so he's talking about in service. Now, I want to remind our our young people, too, that are here to pray at 10:00. I want everybody to pray during that time. Okay? So, you shouldn't be reading your Bibles during that prayer time. I want everybody to pray by God's grace. That's what it's for. I want everybody to spend more time praying. So, I think we're doing a good job. And I wasn't looking around today. I was praying myself. But, uh, that's why I'm doing that. I wanted everybody to pray. If we can't get here at 9:30, then at 10:00, let's all get here by 10 so we can pray. Hallelujah. Let's make an effort to do that. If your boss at work asked you to come in a little bit early, you do it, &gt;&gt; right? Especially if money was involved. And I'm not I mean, the church is operated by tithe. I'm not asking for your money. God's asking for your money. But if God's asking us to pray more, let's do it. Let's be the first to do it by God's grace. &gt;&gt; Think about that. What is our testimony going to be in heaven? What? Yeah, we've overcome a lot. But but but could we have a testimony of I there came a time in my life when I devoted myself to more prayer. &gt;&gt; Or I came to my life when I devoted myself to really studying the scripture, really listening to brother Am's sermons. &gt;&gt; Let's have a testimony like that where we came into a closer walk with God. We became more dedicated and diligent in the things of God. Amen. Well, I appreciate those amens. Hallelujah. Now, Brother R says, "Uh, the deacons," he says. Now, I'm the only deacon in the church, but you know, uh, our sisters and mothers and fathers are kind of like, uh, honorary deacons to their own children. You got to watch over your own children as parents. Uh, and if there's no adults around, then there's a deacon, that'd be me, to Brother says they are commissioned to ask the person to be quiet. So, as a deacon, as I've told you, you know, the last few months when I've had to talk to people, I'll just I'll say something like this. Oh, could you please be quiet? Or can I help you be quiet? Or can I get you some paper? I was told uh uh somebody needed some paper and some kids needed drawing in paper last week and somebody went and got it. That's a good thing to do. Praise God. These little children have trouble with all that energy they got, all their all they're growing. They can hardly sit still, right? So, let's do our best by God's grace to keep them busy on something good by the grace of the Lord. Something quiet. Hallelujah. So, that way that that way everybody can come to hear the word of God. That's why you came today to hear God's word. Amen. &gt;&gt; And we read it out of Matthew 11. Hallelujah. We'll be reading some more here by God's grace. And brother Ram says, he says, uh, somebody came for that purpose, to hear the word. That's what we're here for is to hear the word of the Lord. So everybody wants to hear it. Want to want it just as quiet as they can be. Just as quiet as they can be. That is not a bunch of talking and carrying on. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, brother Bam tells us that uh especially during the service, we want it to be people where we can listen and we can hear the word of God. We want God's people to hear the word because the word is the only thing that gives life. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. But then you got to act upon it. See, I know as a preacher, I can say things over and over again, right? I can say, but if it won't it won't have any effect until somebody takes it and says, "That's mine. I believe God's talking to me. I'm going to act on this. I'm going to believe this scripture." &gt;&gt; Right? Brother said, "But of course, somebody worshiping the Lord. That's expected. That's what it should be. That's what you're here for, to worship the Lord. Just if you feel like praising God or shouting, just go right on because that's what you're here for. See? &gt;&gt; Amen. If you feel led to shout, just give out a shout. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; If you feel led to praise the Lord, just go praise the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's why you're here. So you you hear the word quietly until something strikes you. Then you say, "Praise God." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's right. Amen. That's what you're here for. but to worship the Lord in your own way of worshiping. There's nobody worships the Lord while you're talking or passing notes, children. That's why I talked about that a couple weeks ago. You're not worshiping God by saying, "Hey, look at this drawing I did." Or, "Hey, look at this scribbling that I did." You know, you're not worshiping God that way. You're worshiping God by listening to the word and agreeing with what God said. &gt;&gt; Amen. He said, "When you're talking and passing notes, you're helping somebody else to get away from the worship of God." So we feel that would be wrong and we want to make a ruling in our church that in our congregation, this building, this church will be dedicated to the kingdom of God and to the preaching of the word. Pray, worship. That's the reason you come here to worship then. Amen. Glory. And brother said, I've seen in churches the children were permitted to run all over the sanctuary and the adults standing and hollering across the room one to another. That's a good way to ruin the service coming up that night or whenever it is. And I went over that on Wednesday or last uh Wednesday by God's grace. In our church, if everybody's happy at the end of service and it's a faith-building service and uh there's nobody praying, you look around, nobody's praying, then let's shake hands. Let's be happy. How was your week, brother? Love you, brother. But if if we see somebody praying up here, I'm going to try to do a better job. Let's exit quickly. If you're not going to stay and pray, let's let's uh leave quickly. Go talk out there so we can have people seeking God. they can find God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But it's not going to work. It's a lot harder to find God when there's talking and and the seriousness has left. &gt;&gt; Uh the sincerity of the word is left. It's harder to find God during those times. &gt;&gt; But you can find God when people are sincere and focused on God and they want to go pray for somebody or they want to go lay their hands on somebody. That's when you can find God when the people are looking for God to move. But there is a time, you hear it on tape. There's a time, brother Ram says, "Turn around and shake people's hand and uh greet them in the name of the Lord and all these things." There are times to do that and I just want to be more mindful of that because I've let that slip over the years. I'm not perfect as a pastor. You know, sometimes I I I forget people are praying and I'm just greeting the visitors like, "Thank you for coming." Or, "Brother Chris, how you doing, sir? Brother Vang, love you, brother." You know, something like that. I just want to be more mindful. If people are praying, this is the house of prayer. This should be the place where they can have some quiet prayer. You might not be able to get it in your home. Then brother Ram said, "As soon as the service is dismissed, leave the auditorium. You're through in the worship." Then then go out and talk to one another. Whatever you want to do. If you got something you want to talk to somebody, see them. Well, you go with them to their home. Whatever it is, but don't do in the auditorium. Let's dedicate this to God. See, this is his meeting place where we meet with him. See, and the law goes forth from the sanctuary. Of course, I believe that would be pleasing to the heavenly father. So, if you want to talk to me after service, pat me on the shoulder, say, "Brother Jesse, can we go in your office real quick? I want to talk to you, right? Or if you want to talk to Brother Malachi or who you want to talk to, Sister Zir or Sister or Brother Nia, you want to talk to somebody? Let's let's go do it out in the in the in the right out in the hallway." Now, it's going to be winter time. You're going to want to do it in the hallway. Better enjoy the parking lot conversations while you got it. Amen. Last few weeks here by God's grace. And then, Brother ends this. He's rededicating the church because it's now it's 30% bigger. He ends it by saying this before he prays. He says, "Remember, love is corrective. Genuine love is corrective. So, you must be able to stand correction." So, he's talking about taking care of the church. Talking about keeping the atmosphere holy. If you can't be corrected on how you behave in church, how do you have the love of God? &gt;&gt; You don't have the love of God. &gt;&gt; Because love of God is corrective. Jesus said, "If you love me, you'll do what? you'll keep my commands. Right? He says, "You young kids, you know better than to run around the building unless we're having a dance service." Hallelujah. Or if you just feel led to, we're having a song service. You feel led to run and you go do that, children. Praise God. It's been a while since we seen him dance. Genevie want to do a dance service pretty soon. So, I just forgot about it. Maybe we'll schedule that on upcoming uh Sunday night service. Or you can just dance anytime you want. I'll join you. Hallelujah. just feel a letter of the Holy Spirit by God's grace. You adults know better than to talk and carry on your conversations in the auditorium. Don't do that. It's wrong. It isn't pleasing to God. He says, &gt;&gt; that's why I was saying, you know, if we're going to have a conversation, and I I've been guilty. That's why I'm saying, let's try to carry it out there, &gt;&gt; especially if we see, let's look around. Let's be more mindful. Who's praying? Is brother so and so, sister so and so praying? Let's be mindful of the presence of God. Jesus, and he ends this by quoting the scripture. Jesus said, "It is written, my house shall be made a house of worship, prayer, called the house of prayer by all nations." And the church said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; Okay. So then, right then, brother Ram ends here this uh he ends it with a prayer. He re he said, "Let's stand. We'll dedicate our hearts to God." And he and he thanks God for this uh this Brandham tabernacle and the construction. And then he gets into his text. Hallelujah. Yeah, I think I'll just leave that up there. that might be helpful here uh by God's grace just so you can see now after the dedicational prayer brother Bam reads his text his text is Isaiah 53:1 so let's let's go there if you got your Bible just to read it give us another scripture it'll be setting up the next few services as I try to finish this thought I just you know it meant so much to me we've sang that song you know we've heard recognizing your day serpent seed and perfect faith and I thought how many people have actually listened to all those sermons and I knew for myself it' been a while since I listened to those sermons right because I'm usually listening to the one I'm preaching on by God's grace. So, I hope this was a blessing here to go back and uh listen to these quotes from these sermons. Uh Isaiah 53:1, who hath believed our report and to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? So, brother man makes a statement. He says, the one who believes is the one who has the revelation. Amen. That's what this verse is saying. Who's believed it? Who is it revealed to? The one who believes it has the revelation from God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; All right. And then he went to uh Matthew 11:25 and 26 that only the humble people catch the revelation of the gospel. &gt;&gt; Only the humble people can catch that revelation. Hallelujah. It's not given to the prideful. It's not given to the wise and the prudent. Right? It's given to humble people that can just believe the simple word of God. &gt;&gt; That's right. Now, brother, after he reads his text, he says, "Nobody likes to sing like Christians does." Brother said, "We love singing, but we're in something else now. We're in the word." Now, he's talking about these these uh revival services coming up. He says, "We love singing, but we're in something different now." He says, "Let's stay with that word. We're in teaching." And you can realize what a strain it is on me. So, Brother starting, he's starting this week of services with one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10 services he preaches in a row. Now, I' I've never even got close to that. Not even close. I preached maybe three days in a row, right? But I've never preached 10 sermons in a row. But he calls this upcoming week, this is going to be a lot of teaching. He says, "And you can realize what a great strain it is on me. If I teach the wrong thing, I'm going to have to answer for it." Now, let's stop there just a moment. And while you while you're there, go to James chapter 3:1, if you got your Bible. This is something that gets misunderstood in the message just because I hear preachers use it the wrong way. Church, if we answer for something, it's not like a mistake we made. It's not going to be for condemnation. &gt;&gt; It's going to be for just a loss of reward. &gt;&gt; Does everybody understand? &gt;&gt; I just want you to catch that. You know, the Bible said there's no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus. &gt;&gt; But yeah, brother Ram says, "I'm going to have have to answer if I make a mistake." Well, what is that? That's answering at the judgment seat of Christ for rewards, &gt;&gt; right? So, as a father, if I make a mistake or as a husband, if I make a mistake or as a pastor, if I make a mistake, yes, I'm going to have to answer for it. Now, the punishment or the the the punishment's already been taken care of on the cross. &gt;&gt; But I have to face that and realize, okay, I made a mistake there, but thank God for his mercy. I I missed out on a little reward, or maybe I missed out on a lot of reward, but I'm forgiven and I'm still a part of the kingdom of God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Like, you you have verses on both sides, right? You know, we have to answer. We all stand before the judgment seat of of Christ. Then you have verses there's no condemnation. Which one is it? &gt;&gt; Well, it's both. All of our sins are forgiven, but we got to answer for the mistakes that we made. &gt;&gt; In other words, we will realize, oh, I made a mistake there, and so I missed out on a reward by God's grace. Right? That's what Lot Lot's going to see. Lot's the perfect example. He had all those family members, and he's going to realize, wow, I have no reward. I missed out on everything because I got too involved with the cares of the world. I got too involved with Sodom and Gomorrah. I forgot about the promised son. I forgot about the seed of Abraham. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; In other words, got mixed up in denominations and money. And he got mixed up in those things instead of focusing on the seed of Abraham. Amen. The coming of the promised son. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory. Now, uh James 3:1 and2 James here. Ah, that's a great name. James, wonderful name. My brethren, be not many masters. Now that means teachers if you look it up in the uh Greek. So there shouldn't be lots of teachers knowing that we shall receive the greater condemnation. So a lot of pastors are teachers, right? Uh God has given them uh numerous gifts to teach and preach. And then we know the evangelists, they're the ones who travel, right? We know the five-fold ministry. Apostles, they they're sent by God out. Prophets can be a local church or they can they can kind of go anywhere by the grace of God. But especially pastors, you know, they and and teachers, they'll be judged more strictly because they're the ones giving out the word of God. &gt;&gt; But listen, church, you you have two promises. You have a promise. God will use the teaching gift in my life and Simon's life and Irvin's life and all the upcoming brothers, right? You have a promise. God will use their teaching gift. But you also have a promise in the book of First John that says, "You have no need that any man teach you because you have the anointing in your life as well." &gt;&gt; Amen. So, what am I saying? We get both. If the preacher gets something wrong, then you've got the Holy Spirit in order to correct that and believe it right. And most cases, church, it's just going to be a minor. &gt;&gt; If it's a major, you better go talk to the pastor one-on-one, right? If it's a major and get it right back in line, but if it's a minor, well, you can agree to disagree and still have the love of God in your heart. &gt;&gt; Amen. But the preachers will be judged more strictly because they're the ones teaching the word of God. &gt;&gt; Well, I tell you, I missed those Sunday night sermons. I can't wait to get some more questions from my church. Hallelujah. It's been a long time since we had some questions. I can't wait. What is everybody thinking about all these months? I wonder about that sometimes. What are they thinking? What am I What are they gonna ask me, brother Chris? Oh, yeah. You got a question? Okay. Well, does it relate to this? Can I answer it real quick? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. That That's the balance. Yeah. He said, "Doesn't Yeah. The Bible said he throws our sins to the sea of forgetfulness as far as the punishment for them. There's no condemnation. There's no guilt for them. But when we stand before the seat, you know, a lot of people are going to realize, oh, I I put too much emphasis on brother Brandon. I put too much emphasis on the tapes, right? And they'll miss out on reward just like Lot Liz, oh my, my wife wasn't saved because of, you know, because of her own belief, but I went along with it and I didn't do enough to I didn't I should have done more to try to help her out, right? But they are they are saved. The Bible calls Lot a righteous soul and yet he was going to give his girls over to these bunch of evil abominable men. How does that make sense? Well, he's a human and he wasn't under the anointing of the Holy Ghost. He wasn't under the word of his hour, right? He left the prophet of God for that day. Uh so they can be saved, but they'll realize, brother, in the prince of God, they were this. They were wrong on these things and they missed out on rewards. Does that make sense? That's a good question. Give it to a class. That's a good question. Yeah. you that that's what the Bible says. They'll the Bible says they'll they'll get the deeds done in their body, but they'll also not get the they'll not also reap the benefits that they could have got as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, great question, brother. Great question. Sorry. Yeah, wonderful question, brother. Isaiah 53. Yes, there we go. Okay, now James 3:1, uh, they'll receive the greater condemnation for in many things we offend all. So, this is the first century. James wrote the first book of the New Testament that was actually written down. The gospels weren't written down till 20 or 30 years later after Jesus had left the earth. James was the first written New Testament epistle written on paper and scroll. And he said in many things we offend all. So listen church, I'm going to offend you sometimes. Pray for me. Amen. &gt;&gt; Come to me if I make a mistake. Come to me. Talk to my face. Amen. Come talk to me by God's grace. Let let me know. We'll talk it over. Maybe you misunderstood. Maybe I misunderstood something. But surely if the presence of God is here, he'll bring us into sweet harmony of the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Right? We can say I can say sorry or you can say sorry. Surely God will bring us right back into correction because preachers offend in awe. And I'm just going to share this because I don't know if I'll get to this. You know, there there's all these big uh message conventions all year round, right? I listened to one of them recently and this evangelist, he's a good man and many and I even listened to the testimony service after the convention and there was many many testimonies of God helping people. But for me as when I listen to it, I hear a lot of mistakes. He offended in many things. And let me give you some examples. He said God he said deity is not in heaven. Deity is on earth. Now can you imagine a preacher of the gospel saying that? In other words, God's not in heaven. God's on earth. Well then what's going on in heaven? &gt;&gt; And who's interceding for your sins in heaven? &gt;&gt; You have no intercessor if he's not in heaven. And the church said &gt;&gt; you have to have a lamb blood you have to have something in heaven &gt;&gt; and church hundreds of message pre people up all the preachers up standing saying amen and can you imagine me I'm like &gt;&gt; you've offended all you're offending but everybody accepts it and then brother they still get the anointing and many healings and testimonies afterwards. That shows God looks past all of our mistakes. &gt;&gt; He looks at the intents of our heart &gt;&gt; and then he says something. He says, "The message is the Bible." A few minutes later, he says, "We believe uh from Genesis to Revelation." Now, listen, just like we believe from 1947 to 1965. Did everybody catch that? He just put every word on the tapes equal to the Bible. &gt;&gt; And Sister Nelman, I'm watching that and these preachers are saying, "Yeah, yeah." They're like pointing them. I'm like, "He just put the message on equal playing with the Bible. He just exalted every word on tape." And I'm like, "These people offend in all." &gt;&gt; Now, do I do I believe what they're saying about divine healing? Yes. Praise God. And people get saved and miracles and healed and healed bodies. I love that. But church, I'm trying to let you know, preachers offend many things. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But God's not looking at our mistakes, Brother Chris. Amen. &gt;&gt; God's not looking at our mistakes. He's looking at our our desire, our desires to help people. Praise God. &gt;&gt; So, there's going to be parts of sermons that aren't exactly inspired. Although people might, it might sound like they're inspired, but it might be the human spirit trying to get back at somebody, right? Is that right? Because that because that's what the brother was doing. He was trying to get back on preachers on YouTube and and different preachers from South Africa, different things like that. Preachers with powerpoints, you know, they're they're taking their own personal agenda. Well, where does the Bible say a powerpoints of the devil, you see? And so, uh, people can offend in many things, but God will forgive all of our sins, but then we'll realize, well, I made some mistakes here, but thank God I'm saved. Right? And church, we got that assurance. We have that assurance. All that the father has given me will come to me. Hallelujah. And no man can pluck the believers out of the father's hand. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Now, that's an assurance I love, brother Chris, because even in my mistakes, I I I couldn't cause somebody to fall. If somebody's going to be saved, they're going to be saved despite any mistakes I make. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Jesus promised it. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Brother Ram says, and we know it. The Bible's true. Every man or woman has to answer to themselves before God. In other words, you'll stand there alone. &gt;&gt; Did you believe the word? Did you receive the word? &gt;&gt; Right? And then preachers will stand there and they'll have to answer for their their sermons. Praise God. In many things we offend all. If any man offend not in word, the same as a perfect man. So see there's no perfect men and able also to bridle the whole body. So preachers especially are going to offend many things. You could go through the last year of my sermons. You can find numerous things I said wrong. Maybe I got this wrong. Maybe I got that wrong. But I'm trusting in the blood of Jesus Christ just like you are. That the blood of Jesus Christ will forgive all my sins. Praise God. And the spirit of God will bring me to a greater understanding that I can learn from my mistakes. I can gain more revelation. Hallelujah. And that's what I'm trusting in. So should we all trust in that. &gt;&gt; Yes. Hallelujah. Now, Brother says, "And God hid himself." Paragraph 95. Now, the services are long. Each one was about two and a half almost three, three and a half hours each one of these. They're going to be drawn out because it's a hard service. Much teaching and consecration. Wow. So all these sermons, we're going to be teaching sermons with much consecration. Other words, you got to you got to be consecrated. You got to forget about the things of the world. And you got to focus on God. Be consecrated to God. I'm not going to get distracted by uh all these uh news flashes. I'm not going to be distracted by anything else. I'm just going to consecrate myself unto God. Well, man, I thought it might make a text that we study this before we go into the great teachings of the seven seals. Three times he's already called these teachings. Okay. And now he says it again at the end of this God hiding himself in simplicity calls it teaching. He says, "Now this week we're going to get in some awful deep te awful deep teaching of the word of God." Amen. Awful deep teaching. And church, if you haven't listened to these lately or read them, you should. Right? If your family hasn't listened to these, you need to listen to them by God's grace. We're reading through the Bible right now, but after that, I'll probably go back to the seven seals. If you want some deep sermons, start listening to these because brother brings history together. He brings the church agents together. Then he brings the seven seals together. And then he brings all his visions together in this last sermon. He shows seven vision, I'm sorry, seven dreams and visions people had to show here that the coming of the Lord was very soon. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And to show what God was doing. God gave him that vision of uh the vision of the snow white pyramid and the the sword of the king to show him that this was the fulfillment of Revelation 10 1-7. Oh, we're getting deep already. Amen. Deep things. Praise God. Hallelujah. The seven seals, he says, are awful deep teaching sermons. Praise God. Now, I want to read this quote, too, because these are all important quotes. And and I want you to be aware if you haven't listened to this, like I said, I hope you would go listen to God hiding himself in simplicity before the seven seals. There's one right after the seven seals. So, uh I think it was one day after this. No, it was maybe it's the weekend after this. Brother preached in Albuquerque, New Mexico. That's a phenomenal sermon. If you want to hear how to receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, listen to that one. It's from April 1963. God hiding himself in simplicity. Listen to the last 45 minutes. He talks about how to receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's a beautiful uh I played it years ago. I remember when brother Kevin was here. Remember brother brother Kevin and sister Marie? I played it when they were here. Uh I think I played it re maybe not recently but I played it since then as well. Hallelujah. Now brother Ram says this is he said this service is just a little service but it will blend with the rest of them. So listen to every word. Catch it. And then if you're taking it on the tapes then you stay right with the tape teaching. Okay. Okay, now here's where the Jeffersonville will really h they'll try to hammer me. They'll say, "Brother Ram said, stay with the tape teaching." He did. But what did he say next? Everybody say next. Ready? Next. What do you say next? Don't say nothing but what the tape says. Just say exactly what the tape says now. Because some of those things, we're going to understand a whole lot of this now. Why it's misunderstood. And you be sure, just say what the tape says. Hallelujah. Now then he says, "See, and you be sure, don't say nothing else because I don't say that on my own. It's him that says it." So brother Bram says, "God revealed him and showed him that they need to say what's on the tapes." Hallelujah. Now church, anyone who listens to me long enough, you're going to realize Brother Bram has lots of tapes &gt;&gt; and he said lots of different things on lots of different topics. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Because recently I found this quote. Brother said you'll the sinners will burn an in eternal hell. He says they'll burn in an eternal. Well, I thought hell wasn't eternal. It's not. He just made a mistake. &gt;&gt; But then there's other ones he says hell's not eternal. So which ones? Well, I want to say what the tapes say. You see how you you still got to rightly divide the word of God. &gt;&gt; You got to listen to the tapes and see which one lines up with the Bible. That's the one you take, &gt;&gt; right? And then then I when I'm preaching just the Bible, then I am saying just what's on the tapes. That's scriptural. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, there's so many examples. I think I was up to 90 examples or hundred examples where I have a brother just making Bible mistakes. So proving again, not every word is thus sayith the Lord. But under trying to understand what did he say? Why did he say just say what the tapes say? Now he says it later uh down in this paragraph. He says, "So many times there'll be confusion. People raise up and say, 'Well, so and so said it meant so and so." Just leave it the way it is. That's the way we want the Bible. Just say what the Bible says. That's the way we want it. Don't put no interpretation to it. It's already interpreted. So, here's the point Brother Ram's making. Don't put your own ideas to the tapes, &gt;&gt; right? Don't interject your own idea. Don't try to figure it out yourself. But we are supposed to prove all things. We're supposed to take what's on the tapes, right? and go search the Bible and make sure it's in the Bible. &gt;&gt; Everybody got that? &gt;&gt; I mean, if you've been around me long enough, you you you know that that's that's the way we believe it. It h it's the only way to believe it. Any other way is idolatry of William Brandham. Brother Graham taught us though the Bible's the absolute. The Bible is the final authority on every subject in our lives. &gt;&gt; But see, then we have to understand these quotes. Why would he say just say what the tape says, nothing else? Because he's talking to a people and church, think about this. 60ome years later, Brother Austin, 57 years later, Brother Austin, almost everybody, Brother Vang, that was every preacher almost that was in that congregation went crazy in false doctrine. Crazy. I'm just talking about crazy awful doctrines. Awful. Uh like the one brother named Junior Jackson. Now, he he seemed like a good man. Brother talks so highly of him, but he uh he started making prophecies about when the exact year of the coming of the Lord was and missed every time. I think 2005 was the first time and then he changed it just I mean and brother Ram saying just say what's on here. Does brother ever tell us on the tapes to make predictions about when the rapture is? So see he wasn't doing what brother Random said. Everybody got that? &gt;&gt; Joseph Coleman I showed you this picture one time from New York. He made that idea that the seven thunders were the seven virtues. And uh and he was waiting he was waiting for the last thunder. Everybody believed he was going to preach the last thunder of the brotherly kindness and then the rapture would take place. &gt;&gt; And church, it caused this awful and and remember our brethren from Pennsylvania, they were a part of that and God showed them the false prophecies in there and all the sin and brought them out of that. But those people are right there, church. I'd say like this. Very few are going to find the narrow road. Thank God if we can just stay right in the middle of the road &gt;&gt; and not develop. Brother Jesse's going off on some crazy doctrine. Brother so and so went on some crazy. Let's just say what the Bible says. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And church, you know me, I'm trying to preface it. If I say something uh that I'm not sure on, I'll say, "This is my thought. This is my own opinion." &gt;&gt; Even my own mother-in-law. Uh she told that to my wife. She says, "I like how Jesse says, "I could be wrong." Because she goes to a lot of churches and they don't say that. They they're absolutely right, Brother Austin, on everything. Uh no, they ain't. &gt;&gt; You ain't right on everything. &gt;&gt; I'm not right on everything. &gt;&gt; The church said, &gt;&gt; "I could be wrong. But we can't be wrong if we got thus sayith the Lord on water baptism and the mother harlot and the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Come on church. Amen. On modesty on women's hair, men's hair. We can't be wrong on that if we've got thus sayith the Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But on these other topics, you know, like you know, there's so many other topics. Seven thunders, we don't have thus sayith the law on that. So, you know, different different things, you know, we uh we try to just do our best to the word of God. And you look at how how does a remember the Bible said follow the preachers's faith. So you should see my faith just uh with my faith. I'm just trying to stay close to the Bible as possible. Believe in the supernatural. Teach the word of God. I'm just trying to stay right in the middle of the road. And hopefully you can see that faith in my life that it produces good fruit in my life. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And the Bible says follow those who preach the word of God to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Follow their faith. Watch how they uh live their lives in faith and copy that or follow that. Now, you don't have to do everything I do, but I'm just saying look at overall my faith and let's put let's all of us put faith in God's word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Now, this is very beautiful. In this sermon, Brother Ram says, "Don't say nothing but what's on the tape." Now, look what he says a week later in questions and answers the morning. A week later, now Brother said, "These questions are really nice." So, now he's in this sermon. Brother Chris, he said, "I appreciate the wisdom in things." He says, "If you have a different interpretation and believe that your idea of it's right, just go right ahead." I'm going to read that again. Everybody catch it. He's saying, "Don't say anything more at this tape. Say over here." And over here, he says, "If you have a different idea, just go right ahead. That won't hurt." Let's say that won't hurt. Ready? that won't well here he here he says don't say anything but what I say and here he says well if you got a different idea that won't hurt you see how people are so unbalanced especially Jeffersonville I'm talking about just and now these goat preachers about you know I I don't say that mean I'm just saying like they're so overbalanced with uh the the the the message of ser the sermons of brother being equal to the Bible and I I'll play that quote you know it won't hurt if you disagree or you you see things a little differently brother Vang Sister Case, you see things a little differently. That's okay. That won't hurt as long as it's a minor topic, right? Hallelujah. He says that won't hurt because there's not only but one or two of them that pertains anything to salvation. Amen. So, what is the what's the major thing we need to agree on? How do you get saved? How do you get saved? Repent of your sins. be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; And if you accept that, if you truly repent of your sin, you'll do everything in your strength to leave sin behind &gt;&gt; because you you're thankful Jesus died for your sins. He was cursed with the punishment you deserve and he gave you his righteousness. You'll be happy to serve God. You'll be happy to obey the word of God because Jesus took all your sins. Now, I'll say like this. He gave you a new heart. &gt;&gt; And that's a heart that loves the word of God. That won't hurt because there's not only but one or two of them that pertains to anything to salvation. Just say what the tapes say. Don't don't put your own opinion to it. Oh, it won't hurt if you dis disagree. Does that surprise anybody? It doesn't surprise me because I I listen to brother with honest heart. These other people from Tabernacle, they won't they don't listen with an honest heart. They just hear what they want to hear. They can't be taught more of the truth of God. They just take the quotes they want to hear and they won't go back to the word of God. But God wants us to take everything back to the word of God. Brother says most of the questions is asked on the other side of the rapture of the church. Okay? So most of the questions that morning he says weren't even about salvation. So if you got a different opinion, go ahead. He says that won't hurt. And church, one time I think I told you I listed over 110 preaching topics of brother Brandham and I agreed with the we'd say the goat preachers. I agree with them on 97%. You would think brother Vanga 97 would be pretty good. My goodness, we see 97% in what accord. And that's still not enough for them, right? Because why? Because they have fear. They have insecurities. They got pride. It's never enough. and the things I disagreed on like interracial marriage and ministers marriage requirements all these minors and on that that's what they get up most upset about see because they've they've exalted theirelves in many things we offend all it's not even related to salvation hallelujah I trust everybody's hearing me this morning by God's grace amen now look what brother says in 1961 questions and answers now not 63 but two years earlier brother Ram said And these answers are not infallible because the scriptures is infallible. Thank you, brother Brandham, for clearing that up for us. Hallelujah. In this day, preachers are saying, "Oh, I believe every word from 47 to 65, just like I believe every word from Genesis to Revelation. Thank you, brother Ram, for sharing that you're not infallible." Because now we can see these preachers, they got something wrong, right? They're offending. No. And but does God bless their gifts? Yes. And I'm glad God blesses their I'm glad message people get victory and revival. I'm glad they get healed, Brother Vang. But I also want them to come up and get some teaching as well. Praise God. Because look at us. Are we healthy? Yes. You're in the house of God. You know, I was thinking about that. Think how many healthy people we have in our church. Almost everybody's healthy. So if if God looks at our church and everybody's healthy, do you think he's going to have me preach on divine healing all the time and try to have prayer lines for divine healing if everybody's healthy? What do you think? Do you remember brother asked brother brother asked right here how many wants a a prayer or a healing service at the end of the at the end of the week he said and he said almost every hand went up. Now maybe sometime I should ask our church raise your hand if you want a healing service because you're sick. Maybe I should do that sometime. Right? Does that make sense? Like in other words God is going to give us the sermons that we need. If I start seeing people get sick then yes. My goodness, I'll pray, you know, I want to pray and say, "God, give me a message that will bring healing to the people that will raise their faith." Brother Rod told me up in Kaoga Falls, uh, where we used to live, brother in the 1920s and 30s, you know, his friends told him, and there there's articles about as well, every Friday night was miracle night at this Pentecostal church and is miracle and healing night. Now, they didn't get a miracle every Friday night, but there were so many sick people. There were so many people needing miracles, they had to have miracle services. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So, we look to the Holy Spirit and say, "Holy Spirit, you know, I look to the Holy Spirit, Lord, what do you want me to preach? What do you want me to put it on my heart?" And now, church, how many times have I come here, I preach, and somebody tell me that's exactly what I needed to hear after the service. And it wasn't on divine healing because everybody was healthy. Praise God. Hallelujah. It's it and church. It's just like the letters that Paul wrote to the Ephesus church. Did Paul and think church, think just a second. Did God have Paul write to Ephesians about their 12 or the nine gifts of the Holy Spirit? Yes or no? &gt;&gt; No. Good Caris. Good. Caught that. No. Because God's going to give the church what it needs. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Right. Hallelujah. Everybody see that? &gt;&gt; Did God have to uh preach to the Ephesians about legalism? No. That was the Galatian church. &gt;&gt; So God's going to give us what we have need of at our church. If I just confess my sins every day, Brother Chris, if I just get on my face and pray and go in my prayer closet and ask God to give me what does the church need, I'm expecting God to do it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You should, too. Hallelujah. And as as we saw a couple Wednesdays ago, you should pray for me and pray for all the preachers. Pray for Brother Simon this week that God will give him the words that we need to hear. And church, just as a reminder, I preached on Job on CAMs on Sunday morning and it really helped me this week. There was some mornings, Malachi, I was in my prayer closet and I was saying, "Let the blood of Jesus Christ cover Lydia. Let the blood of Jesus Christ cover Malachi." And I went through every one of my children just like Job. I'm on my knees, Brother Vang in tears saying, "Oh God, cover Aacia with the blood of Christ." Can I go through all of them? Cover Haven. Cover Caris. Cover Victoria. I did it this week on multiple occasions. What a good reminder. Amen. I cover Genevie with the blood of Jesus Christ. I cover Zion. I cover baby Tulsi and I said I cover my wife. I cover me. Let the blood of Jesus Christ cover over all of us. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And that's when we're like Job, brother Chris. &gt;&gt; That's what Job did essentially every morning. He would burn burn an animal, kill an animal, burn it as a sacrifice, and say, "God, if my children have sinned, forgive them." Amen. &gt;&gt; And God looked down from heaven and said, "That's the greatest man there is on the earth." Now, I'm not trying to I'm not calling myself great. You know, I'm not great. But what I'm saying is let's learn from Job. Let's be more sensitive to heaven. &gt;&gt; Let's be more like Job. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; With that kind of faith. And remember, God looked down and called him the greatest man before he'd even had any supernatural experience. &gt;&gt; He hadn't seen God in a whirlwind. He hadn't seen the I know my redeemer will live. He didn't see the vision of the redeemer. He'd seen none of that. And yet still, God said he's a man. He's the most perfect man on earth because he hates evil. &gt;&gt; So, brother Chris, I want to encourage you, brother Austin probably does it, too. And Lena, with each person in your family, pray the blood of Jesus Christ to cover over them. &gt;&gt; That'll take three to five minutes. You say, "How can I pray 10 minutes? How can I pray 30 minutes?" That'll take at least five minutes. &gt;&gt; And then you'll be feeling so good after that. You say, "God, help me at the job and help me, Jesus. Help me with my struggles. Oh, send revival to my heart. Amen. Oh, send us miracles. Amen. Send us revelation. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Start putting the blood over each and every one. Every person you want to see saved, ask that the blood of Jesus Christ. Now, where did I get that from? Brother Rod and Job. Rod said it. Now, you remember this, and he's going to give his testimony here. I think it's coming up on Well, we haven't set the date, but it's going to be on a Sunday night, maybe in September. Remember, I think I told you this. Rod was a a corrections officer in a prison and he was he was seeing so many demons. He got he he was shook up. So he had to get up at 3:30 every morning, brother Chris, to read his Bible for 45 minutes and pray for 45 minutes so he could go into that that prison and change the atmosphere. He said they they blasted the name of Jesus all day. He said within six months time of praying, Sister Beatatric, they only did it once or twice per day. &gt;&gt; Talk about a change of atmosphere. Now, who would like who would like the the second atmosphere more than the first atmosphere? I would. &gt;&gt; But what' it take? It took applying the blood of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; And he's telling Malachi, do the same. Yes. Yes, sir. Amen. He has to do that on his job. Hallelujah. Each one of us can do that on our job or in our home, girls. Right. Even if you're homeschooling, you can apply the blood to your house, to your siblings. That's right. Brother man says, he says, 'Now the tape is to be kept now. Anybody that would want it, why, they could have it. But now I know the scriptures are infallible, but my answers are not infallible. I'm sure everybody understands that. Yes, brother Ram, everyone that's born again understands that. &gt;&gt; But Sister Beatatric, not everybody understands that because they're not born again. Let me read that again for everybody. I know the scriptures are infallible, but my answers are not infallible. &gt;&gt; Well, that means we got to take every question and answer, we got to take that back to the word as well. Yes, we do, brother Jesse. Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Everything has to be taken back to the word of God. Now, we know with the thus sayith the Lord's, we don't necessarily have to because we've already proven all these thus sayith the Lords are right. Now, we might not not understand it, right? But if we if we're sincere before God, God will show us that the thus sayith the Lords are right. &gt;&gt; Yes, brother Brandham. I I'm sure I understand because I'm born again, but not everybody understands because they're not born again. They exalt your tapes, Brother Brandham, equal to the Bible. That's heresy. That's idolatry. And brother Bam says, And brother B Yeah. He says, "I'm sure everybody understands that if it's not infallible, then you have a right maybe to ask me at any time." And brother Ram later says in 1963, it's December of 63, questions and answers. Uh, Brother Ram says, he says, "You're duty bound whether you're the janitor," he said, or the deacon. Now, the janitor is like the lowest person in the church, right? The deacon is one of the higher people with a lot of responsibility. But the Ram says, "Whether you're the the deacon or the janitor," he said, "you're duty bound to come talk to me oneon-one if I make a mistake in the word of God, &gt;&gt; to keep the church clean." &gt;&gt; Right? So, this this is how a prophet Amen. This is how a real Bible-based prophet preaches to his church. Amen. Amen. I love it. Praise God. I love it. See, so we got we got one quote. Just say what the tape say, Sister Lena. Just don't add nothing to it. Just say what the tape say, sister. It's okay if you're different with me. It it don't pertain to salvation. &gt;&gt; My answers aren't infallible. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; All right. Now, church, that'll teach you. Anytime there's a question about something, brother Ram said, that'll teach you. And this and may the Holy Spirit give you this question. What else did brother Bram say about that topic? Right? Because a preacher will he, you know, he's he he might have a real burn for this or that. Like we said, you know, the thunders the uh the fourth work of grace. I made a video about that last week. They might have such a burden for their own, you know, little understanding. But there's other quotes on the subject as well or like the bride age. There's, I think, five quotes in 1965 where brother says, "We're not in Leodysia. We're in the bride age." And people have taken that and made it so crazy. They they've taken, "Oh, we're in some other age." And and now denominations can't be saved. We're the only ones that can be saved. There's churches in Ohio that believe that nonsense. You can only get saved through a message believer. What is that? That's a That's pride. Oh, you're not. They say you're And I got the videos, church. They say you're the ark of God now. Like, I'm not God. I'm not Jesus. I'm not the mercy seat. Am I his representative? Yes. Am I his offspring? Yes. Am I a child of God? Yes. But I'm not Christ. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'm not. &gt;&gt; And you'll never find that in the Bible. That's this that's this uh constant thing that preachers will try to take things too far just to maybe make the people excited, give them something new to hear. But remember, God makes all things new. Praise God. We're not to exalt our own thoughts and preach our own doctrines and so forth. We're to say what the Bible says. Praise God. Say what brother Ram says when it lines up with the Bible. That's made me even more awfully unpopular. That's okay, brother Vang. At least I got peace in my heart. Praise God. I will not worship William Brandham. I won't do it. I'm only worshiping Jesus Christ. Praise God. Hallelujah. And if people don't like that, they don't have to stay. They can go if they want to worship Brother Brandham. If they would exalt the tapes and make the tapes the absolute, they can do that if they want, but it won't happen here because Jesus Christ is the absolute. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And I'll stand if nobody else stands with me, and I know that's not the case, but brother Ram says that if nobody else will stand with me that the Bible's the absolute and not the taste, then I'll stand on that. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'd rather stand on the word of God than anything else because Jesus said, "Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my word shall never pass away." &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. You've been a good audience. Praise God. How long have I been preaching? Oh, I reset my timer. What happened? How is that possible? Must be something. Now, remember, Brother Ram in 1964, questions and answers. Brother Ram said, "I I like the other day, I got something mixed up. I happen to hear it. It's caught in right there and it's on the tape and I'll probably hear from it." So, Brother Ram says, "I preach something wrong on tape." Now, how these people can say every word is thus thus say the Lord. The only way they can do that is with an evil demon spirit because brother Ram says, "I mix something up on the tape." And he said, if you can follow this, after the feast of first fruits, church, so remember it goes Passover, unleavened bread, first fruits, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. And the church said, &gt;&gt; seven weeks from that first fruits was Pentecost. In that sermon, brother made a mistake and he says those seven weeks represent the seven church ages. Oh, wait, that doesn't sound right. And brother says it wasn't because the feast of weeks represented Pentecost and the church said, Hallelujah. So, Brother Man makes the mistake. He said, "I got it mixed up and I'm probably going to hear from it." That's why I like preachers that will ask questions. I like that. Brother Jesse, did you mean to say it that way or maybe I heard it wrong. Did you mean to say that? I like that. Somebody can humble themselves. Brother explains it and he says, "Oh, it's a great teaching there. I didn't touch the edge of it, but if you happen to catch that on tape, remember, look in the Bible." &gt;&gt; Amen. So, brother Am admits, "I made a mistake." He said, "If you caught that mistake, look in your Bible." Church, I'm glad if we can catch some mistakes. &gt;&gt; That's not all we're looking for. That's what that's what uh accusers of brother Brandham, they're looking for every mistake. I'm not looking for mistakes. But the Holy Spirit will help me catch mistakes so I can teach things the right way so I can look in the Bible. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's what the Holy Spirit wants me to do, saints. Look in the Bible. Is that right? So the Holy Spirit will not say just believe everything on the tape. Even if you don't understand it, just believe everything. The Holy Spirit will not say that. The Holy Spirit will say, "Look in the Bible." &gt;&gt; So you going to Who? Who you going to believe? Famous preachers or the Holy Spirit. I'm going to believe the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Look in the Bible. Now, I appreciate preachers. They got a place. They're going to have to answer for a lot, too. If they make mistakes, I'm going have to answer for my mistakes, too. As far as, like I said, losing any reward, right? We have to answer for that. Answer for everything we've done in the body. But let's be so sensitive to the Holy Spirit where we can limit our mistakes and we can wait on the Lord till we're really sure about something. All right, what's the time on there? Oh, I'm not even an hour. Well, glory to God. Let's say praise the Lord, can we? Praise I thought I was already at a hour and a half. Oh my. Now brother is talking about uh the seven seals. This is in feast of trumpets 1964. He said immediately after the sword came in my hand. Remember talking about the sword of the king in Sabinhino Canyon. That was probably uh January or February 1963. I can't remember the exact one now. It's not coming to me. After he got the sword of the king, he said immediately after that the angels of the Lord appeared and told about the seven trumpets and of the seven seals. So let me go back to that picture. These are the angels of the Lord appearing to brother Random. After the angel of the Lord appeared, those seven angels, they told him about the seven seals that I was to return back here to Jeffersonville and preach the seven seals. And there, so there in the seven seals, if there if I've ever said anything that was inspired, it was in that. Okay. So after brother saw those angels, they sent him back and he comes here and preaches this. And brother Ram says, "If I ever said anything from the Holy Ghost, it was in this week right here." &gt;&gt; How many believe that now? If you believed it, you listen to it again. Right &gt;&gt; now, how many remember earlier this year, I did some teaching on the seven seals. Remember that when Claude and Patrick were coming? Remember I went through the first seal? I showed all the meanings of it. Remember the second seal? I showed all the mean. I got to the fourth and then we had the babies. Well, the mothers had the babies. I didn't have any baby, right? Moms went through all the labor, had the babies. But I was show brother Chris I showed these I show the symbols for all of these. Now we didn't get to those. We can do those maybe again when we resemble our Bible studies. Brother Ram said if I ever said anything from God it was during this week. And I love at the at the end of this one he's this is this one and the seventh seal. At both of these he finishes the seventh seal and he says he says uh that's the truth. He said that's thus sayith the Lord. Brother man preaches the revelation the second seal. He said, "That's thus sayith the Lord." He said, "If all these other prophecies are right, so will this be right because it's from the Holy Spirit." &gt;&gt; And then in this sermon, the seventh seal, Brother Ram says, "The word plus the church ages plus the history plus the seals." He said, "To the best of my understanding, it's thus sayith the Lord." &gt;&gt; Ah, what a statement. And you know my understanding, this was the first thunder. Amen. This was the second thunder, third thunder, fourth thunder, fifth thunder, thunder, sixth thunder, and the seventh thunder utter their voices. Hallelujah. Now, that's just my humble opinion. But I got quotes to back it up. Amen. Because what is the thunder? Read the Bible. A thunder is a voice of God. Now, again, I'm going to tell you, that's my understanding. I could be wrong, but that's so beautiful to me because because now now that the thunders Malachi utter their voices, now the open book can be given to the seventh angel. And now he can finish the mystery of God. So either this either e either the mystery is not finished or it's finished. I say it's finished. Hallelujah. Because brother Brandham said it's finished. And because we know the mysteries are fulfilled. We we know what they mean. We know what the mystery of the godhead is. The mystery of the seven church ages. We know what the mysteries are. God's voice thundered it out. And church, I received it. I hope you did, too. Praise God. If I ever said anything inspired, it was in that there where the angel of the Lord I guess I'll just keep doing that one said there where the angel Lord met us the Bible became a new Bible. Remember said the angel met him before he preached every sermon to give him the revelation of those sermons. The Bible become a new Bible. Now I tell this to my children but my wife would know too. I was raised in denomination. So I didn't I just I had one understanding of the Bible. But since I received the message, it's a brand new Bible. I'll say it like this. Malachi so Malachi understand and everybody it's brother Bang too. It's like brother Bang when we went to church when we were younger the Bible was just a story book but now it's a love letter. &gt;&gt; In other words, Noah's about me. Abraham's about me. &gt;&gt; Esther's about me. David's about me. We can we can gain all this wisdom. We get all this revelation and a lot of these types and shadows point to us. &gt;&gt; Rebecca's about me. Amen. Glory. &gt;&gt; Getting a wife ready for Isaac. That's about us. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's not how it was, Brother Vang. When we grew up, was it? That wasn't about that. They They didn't preach Rebecca and say, "This is about the rapture." They preach Rebecca and say, "Okay, you should leave the things of the world and serve God. Let's all go home. Don't don't forget don't forget to get coffee on your way out." Our is don't forget to uh not spill your coffee here in in service, right? Because they bring coffee right into the sanctuary. Oh my goodness. But now it's a brand new Bible. The Bible's totally new, Sister Beatatric. It's about Christ and the church. Amen. That that's what the Bible calls a great mystery. That's one thing Simon was preaching that I really enjoyed. The the mystery of Christ in the church is a great mystery. It's not a small mystery. It's a great mystery. Yes. &gt;&gt; The unity of Jesus Christ and the church is a great mystery. &gt;&gt; So other words, we're going to be so blessed by knowing all the union that we have with Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. I can't even get through this quote. Hallelujah. The Bible becomes a new Bible. There it opened up and revealed all the things that the reformers and things have left out. It was the complete revelation of Jesus Christ altogether new to us but perfectly exactly with the scripture that was the word which has always been I was so inspired and directed. So brother said all these revelations about the seals gave us the complete revelation of Jesus Christ. So now we know, brother Chris, Jesus Christ is not denominations &gt;&gt; because they have traditions of men. Like Jesus said in Matthew 15, their traditions, their their creeds transgress the word of God. Like they sprinkle babies. That's not that's not going to do nothing for the baby. The baby can't repent of nothing. The baby, our little baby, Tulsi can't repent. She can't even say sorry. She can't even say she can't even say hallelujah or amen. How's she going to repent of her sins? It it's just it's it's ridiculous. But they but and they'll get mad. If you don't accept this, then we're mad at you. That shows they got a denominational spirit. &gt;&gt; Now, some of them might have a good attitude. Thank God for that, right? But it all depends. But for us, the Bible became a new Bible. So, Brother Vang knows, you know, or Malachi know as I was growing up, it was tongues. Got a tongues, tongues, tongues, tongues, tongues. Well, when I received the message, it became a brand new Bible. Now, tongues is just one of the nine gifts of the Holy Spirit. It's not. It took it took the the tongues down as the Holy Spirit and now it's just in our pockets as one of the gifts of the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; It became a brand new Bible. Jesus is not a tongue. Jesus is God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Does Jesus have a tongue? Yes. Hallelujah. But tongues doesn't mean you're born again. Tongues is one sign you've got a gift of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, it's a brand new Bible church. Oh, glory to God. And then brother Ram said in questions answers this morning, "Of all the times I've been behind the pulpit at the tabernacle, I have never never in any time of my ministry ever worked into the realms of God and the spiritual realms that it's been at this time." Yeah. It's beyond anything I ever did in any time of my ministry. Whoa. What did you say, brother Ram? I remember hearing that, Sister Lena, for the first time. I'm like, wait, what? He had uh 300,000 in India and a bl a blind man received a sight and this is greater than that. As far as I know, nobody received their their physical sight. Nobody received their physical sight in these meetings. But how many received their spiritual sight? &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. Amen. This was greater than 1950 at the Houston uh uh Houston Tabern not tabernacle. I can't remember the Houston uh museum auditorium when the pillar of fire came down Jesus in the spear form came down and took his picture with brother Brandham this was greater according to brother Ram this was the greatest services of his entire ministry because the angel was there every morning here's the first seal thus sayeth the Lord here's the second seal thus sayith the Lord third seal fourth seal fifth seal sixth seal seventh seal Here's the seals. Thus sayaith the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It's beyond anything I ever did in my time of ministry in any meeting at anywhere like this. Mostly it's on healing. So says most of my other services are just about healing. He said but this is the revealing of truth by the same spirit. The same spirit. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now part of this you remember part of this are the four beasts right those are the four anointings on the first four seals right the four beasts and then also you also going to hear the work of the antichrist the four horse riders that's why this is so powerful brother Chris because we see the anointing that's supposed to be on the believer and it gives us strength to overcome the antichrist the antichrist was the right horse rider in the first seal and he's trying to deceive us into following Antichrist doctrine and creating our own doctrines of men. That's the first step of the Antichrist spirit. But what was the first step of the Holy Spirit? Give them lion like boldness. Amen. &gt;&gt; The Bible said the righteous will be bold like a lion. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Church, I've seen it in my life, you know, as I preach even at brother Cams and even here. I preach so long, hour and a half. I preach so long I get bold and then when I'm bold then I'll pray and God will heal people like brother Jose praise God or brother Johnny when you come up for prayer. See that's the boldness. That's that anointing brother Chris. That's an anointing of the Holy Spirit. You stay on that anointing. It starts anointing you. Praise God. Or it might be the anointing of the axe to sacrifice more of your time to give your life away right to die out to self. Labor acts as a beast of labor. The man, the man anointing is wisdom of the Holy Spirit. God will anoint you with wisdom to so, okay, this is right. This is rightly dividing the word of truth. This is what you ought to do. It's the wisdom of God. And the last one is flying eagle. In other words, fly up into heavenly places. Dwell in heavenly places. See things that other people can't see. Amen. Have revelation that other you can see far off. Oh, it's perfect faith. Amen. Because faith is like binoculars. can see things a far off and an eagle can see things far off. It's perfect faith. It's revelation. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh my, I didn't see that all tied together like that. So, this is why the Bible becomes a new Bible. Now, we unmask Satan and we show the power and the anointing that we can walk under. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So, what anointing are you walking under today, church? That's a good question. What anointing are you under today by God's grace? Let me say like this. Uh Isaiah 61, I want to preach a series on that sometime, too. There's so many series I want to preach. But the Bible said you either got the garments of heaviness or the garments of praise. What did you bring to church today? Were you Were you so excited to praise God or did you have the garments of heaviness on? I don't It's hard for me to praise God what I'm going through. the church that said, "Did you know that?" That's an anointing that you're carrying. That's why I like song leading because it kind of gets me right into I better worship. &gt;&gt; You all would know if I was dead and tired and didn't feel like praising God. But what do I have to do? I have to surrender and worship God. Let's read that just so people can see. Isaiah 61:1. I'd like to preach a whole series on this. I want you to see, church, you got to get the We got you and I, all of us got to get the anointing on. And I know I preach long. You know, let me just share this. You know, I know I preach long, but if they could listen to brother Ram for three hours, then you should be able to handle an hour and a half, right? If if you got the same Holy Spirit now, I'm talking about you got the same Holy Spirit. And if I go a little longer, like two hours, you should be able to hand that handle that too, right? There are brothers shouting. I listen to this. There are brothers shouting from the beginning to the end. Now it's off and on. But that tells me he didn't go to sleep, right? That tells me he didn't leave church and and go do something else. He stay right listening to the prophet of God because the word of God is life. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's supporting the word of God. And church, everybody should be learning things as well or be reminded of things that will stir up our hearts by way of remembrance. Look at verse uh one. Isaiah 61:1. The spirit of the Lord God is upon me. See, we need to be able to say that because the Lord hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek. That's what I want to do. And this is what Jesus did. Preach good things to meek people. Now, what was one of those good things? He said, "The meek shall do what, church?" Inherit the earth. Did Jesus fulfill that? Yes, he did. &gt;&gt; He said, "If you remain meek, Nia, you'll inherit the earth." That's what Jesus said. "Remain humble, God will give you the earth." That's the millennium. Amen. He preached good things to the meek. Not the prideful, not the popular, not the arrogant and the rich and famous. It was to the meek. He preached to glory. He hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted. So, see, it takes a special anointing to take somebody who's broken and bring them the scripture and bring them to a healed heart. It takes the anointing of the Holy Ghost to do that. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And church, I I mean, many sometimes I can tell when people come here with broken hearts. I can tell during the preaching. I can tell at the end. I can tell something's broken in them, right? So, I need the anointing of God to be able to help me to preach the word to let to let his mind be in me so that somebody can get a healed heart. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. to proone I'm sorry to proclaim liberty to the captives and the opening of the prison to them that are bound. So sometimes I see people bound, right? We've had people come up. Remember I told you testimonies the devil is on my shoulder all service. The devil's trying to bind them, but we pray and the devil leaves. &gt;&gt; The devil has to loose them. Let the captives go. Hallelujah. Verse two. And to proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord. That's the church ages. And the day of the vengeance of our God, that's the tribulation period. To comfort all that mourn. Now verse three is where we're going. to appoint unto them that mourn in Zion to give them beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning. Right? God knows we got to go through morning time, but God said, "I'll send the anointing so you can get your joy back." Ain't that beautiful? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Praise God. &gt;&gt; You don't have to mourn all the time. You don't have to be brokenhearted all the time. The spirit of God is here to heal your broken heart, to bring back your joy. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's what the anointing's for. God, send your anointing to get me out of this whatever I'm in. Uh to get this garment of of heaviness off me. Send your Holy Spirit to give me a fresh anointing today. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And he's still not done. Oh, there's one more. And the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness. See, during song service, church, I often close my eyes because I don't want to be moved by what anybody's doing. I just want to focus on Jesus and myself. Am I giving Jesus praise or not? &gt;&gt; Sometimes I look out and I might be discouraged if people aren't praising God. I'm like, "How come people can't clap? How come people can't raise their hands?" &gt;&gt; It's because they got the spirit of heaviness on them. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; But if you got the spirit of praise on you, you want to praise God. Hallelujah. We would all know, listen, we'd all know if Malachi's hands can see your hands. We would all know if he was going to play a mournful song nearer to thee. What if every song he played it like so sad? No, he don't do that. Now, that's a good song, too, brother. I said it's a good song if you got the right uh attitude toward it. And it is. We played with brother Loris, remember? I guys remember. But what if he what if he brought just mourning every time to the piano? You'd be like, "Uh, can somebody get up there and encourage him?" You know, &gt;&gt; can he put some joy on those hands? I want those hands anointed with joy. What if every song I brought just a mournful song? And we're just singing, "Oh, slow, mournful song." Now, it could be a good slow song, too. You understand? &gt;&gt; But see, it's an anointing to come to church and give God praise. It just shows me, church, it shows everybody how we worship, how we uh how what the condition of our heart is. We're showing people what spirit we're anointed by. Let's be anointed by the spirit of the Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank God. Thank you, Jesus. I'm at an hour and 10. Hour 15. Okay. Good. Good. Good. Good. Okay. Well, then I think I'll try to bring it down to a close. Abraham says, "Of all the times I've been behind the pulpit," I'm read this quote again. "I've never in any time in my ministry ever worked into the realms of God and the spiritual realms as it's been in at this time. It's beyond anything I ever did in my ministry. Mostly it's on healing. This is the revealing of the truth by the same spirit." So the greatest listen church the greatest meanings brother Random ever had it was good to pray and fast for miracles and healing that was good but brother Ram said remember he was praying and fasting for these as well he's staying at the Banks Woods house he would say there he said for he said for one two three four five six seven eight he said for eight days I've been in a room all by myself all day uh in the dark room uh with with the with the the window blinds closed so he could just study and pray he said I've been in there for eight days. And eight days just spending time praying with God and then going to church every night was the greatest meetings he ever had in his life. It was the greatest time he'd ever spent with God was day after day. I'm just going to study and pray day and then I'm going to go to church every night. Church, here's a here's a challenge for us and for me once our babies get old enough. When I was in denomination, Sister Lena, we would have revival weeks. We'd have church Sunday twice, Monday night, Tuesday night, Wednesday night, Thursday night, Friday night, Saturday, Sunday. We had we had services when I was in Pentecost. We had revival like this same preacher that he'd preach all of them. We did that in denomination and I've never done that in the message because I realized I got the revival already in my heart, &gt;&gt; right? And they're they're just going for revival for tongues really and miracles, which which they're okay, but it's okay for you pray for miracles and tongues, but not as the evidence of the Holy Ghost. Right. And I realized that. And I realized, church, and I've realized this, Sicily, over the years, we've had so many people come and go in our church. A lot of them will go to these big conventions and get so stirred up and talk about, "Brother Jesse, this is the greatest sermon." People have told me this. That was the greatest sermon I ever heard at the convention. The next Sunday, they're falling asleep in church. I'm like, "What did that convention do for you then? Either I'm the most boring preacher, and if that's the case, you better come correct me after service, &gt;&gt; or you have backsliden already in one week, &gt;&gt; and the church said, &gt;&gt; "Am I preaching the word or not?" &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; People that will, we've had people that will fly to other continents just to attend special meetings, come back sleeping during the service. What did you even get out of What did you get out of your convention then? What? What? What? And and you know people like that, they're always trying to find the next experience, next experience. But what about the daily experience? Brother said every morning, every day, just simple prayer and dedication to God. His meetings there in his tabernacle were the greatest meetings of his life. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And well, he didn't he didn't have to travel overseas. It was every day he was seeking God, wanting more from God. Oh, and God showed up. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. So, I've learned over the years, I appreciate special meetings, but they of themselves will not hold you. &gt;&gt; You got to hold on to Christ every day. &gt;&gt; It's an everyday experience. Now, I want to have more special meetings. I do. I'd love to. But I've seen just because people go to big conventions, that doesn't make them born again. &gt;&gt; And even church, even one of these people, they would fly over to uh continents, right? And then I I they've even told me I I went there for a meeting and then they skipped out on the meeting and went two weeks without going to church. Two weeks. And they called them and I think my children might have heard that when they shared that. I don't know if they remember that or not. People that used to go to our church, fly all around the world, skip out on the actual services, and skip out on church alto together and try to tell me they're born again. Sister Lena, they try to tell me that and that I'm not preaching the right things and stuff like that. I got better sense than that. &gt;&gt; If you got the Holy Ghost, you can't wait to get to the house of God and worship God. &gt;&gt; If I got the Holy Ghost, I never think about want to go two weeks away with my wife and never go to church. It's is actually the opposite. I like to get away with my wife and my kids and go to church every day. As long as somebody would just cook for us, right? Then my wife would not have to cook all day or my girls. He's working his tail off, right? I wish he could maybe take a vacation. Wouldn't that just be great? You know, so it's never my thought, brother Neil, like, well, I like to travel away and I really like to get alone and just get with my phone for two weeks and just miss church for two weeks. Can you and these people tell me they're born again? What did it do? What did the Holy Ghost do for brother Brandham? It made him want to spend the whole week Glory. It made him want to spend the whole church, whole week in service sharing the revelations. Amen. Sharing the Bible truths that God was revealing to him. Sister Beatatric the greatest meetings he ever was a part of was in his home church. Just every day was revival. Every day I'm meeting with God. I'm going to go worship God's night. I'm going to share what God put on my heart. So this is my question as I close. If these were the greatest services, if these were the greatest depths brother ever worked in as a Christian, what were the greatest depths you've ever worked in as a Christian? What are the greatest depths of the love of God and the revelation of God? When was the time, brother Chris, that the Bible became a brand new Bible and everything was fresh? Everything was glorious. And you stayed in that channel for more than we'd say one one day. You just worked. You just stayed in fellowship with God day after day. How many want to experience something like that by God's grace? &gt;&gt; I do, too. Let's stand to our feet. Musicians can come and I've shared that myself. The greatest meetings I've ever been a part of was not of course I was overseas. I had no responsibilities there in South America and Trinidad. The greatest meetings I ever saw. Now CAM's meetings have been some of the greatest meetings here in the US I've ever seen where I get a Friday, Saturday, Sunday and I just get to study and pray all those days. Now church, this doesn't mean all the other days are bad. It just means there's days God has in your life to show you that spending time with him is the greatest thing you can do. The Bible becomes a new Bible. The love of God is planted more in your heart. You want to spend more time with God and with God's people. That's what this tells me. The greatest services of his life were home church services. Just day after day, study, pray, see what the Holy Ghost will reveal to me. I never told this testimony here, but uh you probably don't remember Shawn Martin. Anybody remember Shawn Martin? You remember him? Shawn Martin. He preached a youth series. a preacher in uh West Virginia asked Shawn Martin to hold services and preach for a whole month straight every night. It was it was about 20 years ago. And he said there was hard services, especially but he said it was around day 16 or 17. 17 is the bride's number in the Bible. I preached on that before. I think it was the 17th day. He said he was preaching and a blind man received his sight in the back. That was in early 2000, something around there, early 2000, 2005. And he said it just lit a fire in the church. Now church, that's what this reminds me of. Such a dedication. Every day we're going to spend time with God. We're going to devote time to worship and prayer. Now, we'll wait on God for something like this for our church. Like I said, I've got to be in a spot. How am I going to feed nine kids? How am I going to do that? I ain't got the money to buy fast food every night. My bank account's going to be at negative or zero real fast if that's the case. How can I do that? and we got jobs and all these things. So, we just need the we need the leadership of the Lord. What I'm telling you, Brother Ram didn't spend any other time of his life like this than just that week. And remember, church, he didn't even invite his wife and his son and his daughter because they were in school. They his wife missed out on his greatest meetings ever. So, let's bow our heads. When was a time you worked in the realms of God as far as study, prayer, devotion to God? When when was the greatest time you had in fellowship with Jesus? Oh, church, it was God hiding himself in simplicity. Just simple services at the tabernacle became so special, the Bible became a new Bible. Oh, God. Friends, I tell these stories about people because I want you to learn. These are things I see as a pastor. I want you to learn from these things. And I don't think anybody in the church here does that. I don't think anybody runs to big services for just another experience. But I want to encourage you. There's a time and season for everything. And some people just run for popularity. They run for experience rather than just having a daily dedicated devoted life to Jesus Christ. And church with our financial state, what are we going to do all we can't go to these big meetings all the time. We can't hardly afford it. So, what do we got to do? We got to see God in every one of our services. We got to live devoted every day to Jesus Christ. Church, do you think the book of Acts church, do you think they would run from Jerusalem to Judea uh over to uh Jericho for special meetings all the time? Do you think they could do that without cars? No. No. So, what do they have to have? They had to have the spirit of Jesus Christ in their services. Praise God. service after service. They had to have it. So sometimes I look at that with our church. How can I take nine kids to a convention down in Louisiana? How can I go across the state? How can I go to Arkansas or Virginia? How can I take my whole family? How can I do that? But I don't have to be pressured to do that. I can see that Jesus wants to meet with me every single day. He wants me to live a dedicated, sanctified life. Let's pray. Father God, we thank you for the word today, Lord God. Lord, we thank you, God, that you showed us how simple it is to have a deep walk with you, Lord. Simple everyday study and prayer. Hallelujah. Lord, I've seen that in my life, Lord God. Despite the busyiness of work and things, Lord, just in the morning spending time with you reading your word, the scripture opens up like the spirit of burning is a prime example comes out and people say, "Oh, I needed to hear that. That was the Holy Spirit." Lord, the Bible then become a new Bible. Oh my, this is something fresh. Hallelujah. Or the fear of the Lord series, Lord God. Or something along those lines. That one saint online said David, David's battle against David was so helpful for them, Lord God. Lord, it's just in these daily talking to you, daily praying, daily seeking your face, let the anointing, the spirit of the Lord rest upon us, Lord God. I pray may the spirit of God anoint us to praise you, Lord God. May the spirit of heaviness leave each individual, Lord God, where it's too heavy to raise their hands, too heavy to to cry out to God, too heavy to clap their hands, Lord God, but that each person would have the spirit of worship, the spirit of joy, the oil of joy. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank God. Oh Lord, let heaviness leave your people, dear God. Let the anointing break every chain as the scripture says. The anointing breaks every yoke. Hallelujah. In the name of Jesus Christ. We believe that Lord God. Lord, we'll rejoice at the big meetings Lord when we get a chance to go sometime Lord. No doubt. But God may we see you in the simplicity that you you God hide in simplicity in our lives. You just want to talk to us every day. You just want us to work in deeper realms of love, deeper realms of devotion to you. Lord God, thank you for the example your prophet set pointing us to the scripture. Lord God, we know the scripture is infallible. We're thankful for the tapes. We're thankful for the sermons. But God, thank you for giving us grace. I'm thank you that we understand that the scripture is infallible and the answers are not infallible. Thank you God for your mercy and grace upon our church. Thank you that Lord visitors as I told them visitors can come and they can feel so refreshed. Lord God, they can hardly praise. They can hardly feel what's happening because it's the Holy Ghost. Oh God, we're thankful for the Holy Ghost. I'm thankful for the Holy Ghost, Lord God. May it always remain our desire, Lord, that the Holy Ghost could dwell in our midst. Lord God, may each person long to be shut in with God. Lord, may not just be one person who shuts in with God, but may every person shut in with God each day, Lord God. And may we develop, Lord, such a love for you, God, that will say, "My, I've never lived in the realms I'm living in now with the word becoming more powerful my life." Lord, I believe you're trying to raise our faith through Adam's testimony, Lord God. Brother Rod, some of these testimonies we've shared, Lord God, trying to encourage us that our faith might be raised, Lord God, that we could wrestle not against flesh and blood, but wrestle and defeat the spiritual wickedness in high places. Grant it, Lord God. Let your anointing bless your people. Give them strength to praise, strength, Lord God, to have healed hearts. We pray in Jesus Christ's name.
