################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - (7-6-25) The Masterpiece, Pt. 3 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-06
Title:   (7-6-25) The Masterpiece, Pt. 3 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHGIfSxGKbg
========================================

Then we'll read uh to the end of the chapter. Revelation 10:7 down through 11. Uh by God's grace. Sure was nice on Wednesday to have those visitors. You know, they were from Wisconsin and uh they they sure they they thoroughly enjoyed the the service and everything and they were just traveling and uh they're from Wisconsin. They go to message church. They were really blessed and they were just so happy about they're like, "Wow, your musicians are really good." I'm like, "Yeah, I had nothing to do with that." you know, so it was all God and of course their own hard work. But uh and then they wanted they both wanted copies of my two books. So they took those and I said, "Share it with your pastor, you know, see if he likes it." And I don't know, just kind of a mixed mixed bag about what's going to happen. But that was really special for uh Wednesday to have those visitors there uh by the grace of God. So it's good to be here in the house of the Lord today. And uh I try to preach maybe an hour because we have the Lord's supper. We'll kind of see how that goes uh by God's grace. So, Revelation 10 and uh we'll start at verse 7. We'll read to the end of the chapter here. And I Sister Naomi, I don't know if you heard me, but I like I don't want you to do the the tubs today of pouring the water in the tubs. Is that okay? So, I want you to just enjoy. No, I I asked Brother Chris and Brother Jose if he could do that so you could just enjoy the baby. That'd be okay by God's grace. We appreciate you and the family there by God's grace. Hallelujah. God is good to us. Revelation 10:7, very familiar to us. Um, and hopefully, you know, in this message, you know, as I was studying, I never know quite quite know what the Lord's going to give me as I'm preparing. So, the Lord kind of brought these thoughts about the third poll back into my my notes. So, we're going to kind of review the third poll a little bit today as well by God's grace. And all that is, church, is saying to this mountain, all that is is speaking the word of God. Jesus said, "If you say to this mountain and don't doubt in your heart, then what you say will come to pass." Hallelujah. But you got to be led to do it first. So, uh, as I was studying, these thoughts just came. So, I thought, "Well, that must be the Lord. I'm trying my best to yield to the Holy Spirit." It was also confirmed as I was studying, I reached out and I texted a brother yesterday and he said, "Brother, you texted me at right just the right time. For three days, I've been thinking about you non-stop, wanting to talk to you, and you reached out and texted me and we got to fellowship yesterday on the phone for about two hours. Uh so I just felt inspired of the Holy Spirit uh during that study time. So I trust this will be a blessing to you uh by the grace of God. How many enjoying the masterpiece so far? Praise God. Amazing. Uh brother Bam visited that masterpiece there and then got this sermon out of it. What a amazing uh thought there and how the Holy Spirit quickened that to him. And even in the sermon, brother Bram said there I could he said I could spend hours on this. He knew he could spend hours just looking to get the masterpiece and all the different things the life flowing through the church through the church ages. So, uh we'll spend a couple maybe an hour on that again today by God's grace. Revelation 10:7. Uh yeah, why don't we all read it together? That's just a few verses there. One, two, three, four, maybe five short verses we can all read together. If you get tired, just can just relax and listen to everybody else. Let's read all those verses together. Ready? One, two, 3. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets. And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again, and said, Go, and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel, which standeth upon the sea, and upon the earth. And I went unto the angel, and said unto him, Give me the little book. And he said unto me, Take it, and eat it up, and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey. And I took the little book out of the angel's hand, and ate it up. And it was in my mouth sweet as honey. And as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter. And he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many peoples and nations and tongues and kings." May God add his blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated by God's grace. I have some uh visuals here. So, whenever you're ready. So, looking at part three today, I'll briefly review as I I promised. You know, I think I only preached 45 minutes on Wednesday, so that was a great victory in the love divine, I'll say. Hallelujah. Uh so, I'll just try to briefly review here. uh by God's grace and I need to give brother mercy a key to the church. Okay. I need to get you a key to the church. Okay. So, uh if I forget, could you remind me? I might forget. Okay. Um I need to get you a key to church, brother. I think that's the only person. Does anybody else need a key that doesn't a tithe pair and doesn't have a key? Anybody? Okay. And so, I hope this is okay. Hey, you know, I just felt led after that last uh incident there in the Michigan church. I just thought, let's protect our children more by God's grace. Hope that's okay. I'm just going to keep it locked. We locked it Wednesday night, too. So, just from now, just try to keep that in mind. Always have your key handy uh so you can get in or just knock. Somebody will be there to get the door for you by God's grace. Okay. So, let's quickly review the the the definition of masterpiece. It's a uh work done with extraordinary skill. It's supreme intell intell I'm sorry supreme intellectual or artistic achievement. So we'd say it's your best achievement or it's an amazing achievement that you put plenty of work in plenty of skill into it by God's grace. Brother's masterpiece is what we've been looking at here. Um and he said if this is the last message I'll ever preach. This is my masterpiece. Speaking of the wheat plant, and I don't know if you're familiar with the church age book, but brother Ram also said in the church age book, did you remember what he said? The wheat plant also represents something else. Does anybody remember? I'll give you a quick quiz. Anybody remember the book of life? Remember he said that also represents the book because you have part of the so you have you have a you have a le wheat plant. Part of it has life, right? The grain. That's the lamb's book of life, right? And the other parts had life, right? They had life, but some of the names are blotted out. So there's parts that die and there must be some record of every person that lives somewhere, right? There must be some record, but their names are not on the book of life. So, uh, that's another amazing illustration brother Ram used. Maybe that's a part four or five. We'll see. I don't know. By God's grace. But, uh, I finished I finished listening to this whole part yesterday on where brother Ram talked about his masterpiece. And so, there are just five as far as I understand. I could be wrong. I'm not making thus sayith the Lord. I would never do that. I'm not a prophet. But there's at least five principles included in Brother Ram's masterpiece. It's the anointed ones of the end time, and that's Matthew 24:24. Now, the red verses are the ones Brother Ram actually quotes in the sermon. Now, the black verses are ones I just added there for support. Um, so Matthew 24:24, the anointed ones of end time. Remember, the chaff was so close to the seed, but it's not the seed, right? And so, we got to be careful. Now, church, I believe for us. I believe for us. Now, just try to understand this. I believe for us, if we're born again, it's not going to be close to deceiving us because we're the elect. In other words, we could recognize easily uh a a chaff from a seed, right? But the foolish virgin, it might be so close that they might have trouble recognizing it, but I think if you got the Holy Ghost, you can easily recognize lies, right? You can easily recognize uh sin and so forth. Now it may head up where it might be so close. But in other words, the point I want to make is we have nothing to fear because the elect cannot be deceived. They have the spirit of truth. And brother Ram says now this this this masterpiece is also the church ages. Now brother Ram uses this of course in the 50s on the three works of grace but he didn't use Ezekiel 36 new heart new spirit my spirit. He didn't use that in this sermon from July 64 but that's what he uses in the 50s. Uh denominations are dead. Brother Ram used Revelation 22 because they add to the word, they take away from the word. And it seemed like everybody understood that on Wednesday night by God's grace. But but Jesus said, "Anyone who adds traditions of men, their worship is in vain, right?" So, think of it today when the Baptists today or the Pentecostals when they pray to the Holy Trinity, that's in vain. God's not hearing that. Amen. Right? The Holy Trinity aspect of it, right? But now, if they're praying to Jesus and they pray for healing and God heals them, well, God will hear that. Right? Because because God promised, he said, "I'm the Lord thy God to heal all thy diseases." Right? To the saved uh to the Holy Ghost filled and also just the saved. We know we know God thinks both uh God remembers both of them because they're saved. Now, this is the part we're going to finish here today. I'm going to try to finish it because he mentions again Revelation 10:7. So the the the final part of this is that the seed the seed uh the seed of the wheat starts as a wheat seed but it grows up to the full process uh cycle of life and it comes back to the seed. And brother Ram says when it comes back to the seed that's supposed to be us. We're supposed to be like the original church. Hallelujah. Okay. And he quotes Malachi 45 and 6. We looked at that uh Wednesday last Sunday. Luke 17:30. Uh now that one I'm going to get to later. That's where Jesus said, "I'm alpha and omega. I'm first and the last." Now, that's a little bit deeper. But did everybody catch that? Jesus, the seed at the beginning is the seed at the end. Same life. Amen. Alpha, omega, seed, seed. Hallelujah. First is the seed, last is the seed. And the church said, it's a beautiful principle here. Now, that's one I might preach next because I haven't fully studied that out. It's a beautiful principle. And then I got to go through the Bible and see where the beginning came back. I'm sorry, where the end came back to the beginning and so forth. I got to see where a cycle where cycles happen in the scripture. And of course, Joel 2:23. We're going to read through that again. That's thus sayith the Lord. That's thus sayith the Lord. And that was uh interesting. On Wednesday, I had that sister read that. Sister uh what was their names? Uh Sandy and Kim. I had Sandy or Kim read that and they looked at each other laughing and they said they just heard a preacher say uh women shouldn't read uh in the message churches and they were talking how brother Brandham allowed it and that's exactly what I said on Wednesday. So, see how the Holy Spirit is a discerner of the thoughts, intents of the heart. They were just talking about in the car and they come in here and I have them read and I say, "Well, brother Brandham did it in the adoption series." So, God's always looking out for his children. Praise. In other words, God doesn't want them women to live under condemnation. And God doesn't want you to live under condemnation. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, brief review again. Michelangelo finished this around 1513 or 1515. Uh, and the horns either either represent the glory of God or a misinterpretation of the Latin Vulgate, which was a different version of the Bible. It's a corrupt version of the Bible. Amazing details. How many believe that's a masterpiece? Praise God. Amen. Uh, and then apparently when Michelangelo finished, he smoteed it, said, "Why do why don't you speak? Why don't you speak?" Because the vision had become reality. And of course, that's the part looks like where he struck it with his hammer going down. And that was a uh that was a uh a type of what God did, right? God God created Jesus and then he smoteed him, right? But we saw that the order was opposite. First Jesus or God told Jesus speak and then he smoteed him, right? But the opposite was true with Michelangelo. Uh first he he told him to speak and then he smoteed him. Right? So it was a little opposite, but we get the point, right? Both men had masterpieces and both told them to speak, but only one could speak. Hallelujah. Amen. and the the son of God. He's the only one that can speak. Praise God. Now, and I had two mistakes on there on Wednesday. I don't know if you caught it last Sunday. I had two mistakes. I had it said chaff here and it and an arrow here. So, I don't know if you caught that on Sunday. I'm up here preaching. My mother-in-law was here and Gary was here and I need to He told me he would text me back. So, the ball's in his court. I was hoping to see him today, but uh the ball's in his court. He told me he would text me back, but I had two mistakes on there. But anyways, uh the Lutherans represent the stalk, the Methodists represent the head, the chaff is like the Pentecostals, and then the seed is the bride of Jesus Christ. Those who have the baptism of the Holy Ghost and have moved on into present truth. How many know that the Bible says that you must be in the present truth? There's a reason the Bible said that because the Bible talks about ages, right? And there's times of restoration. There are times of losing. There's times of restoring. So Peter said, "Be established in the present truth. Okay, Peter said that. I'm not gonna I don't have that in my notes today, but this is the one. And church, you know, God is my witness. When I wrote my 2021 book, I used this for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And God's my witness. I didn't even know Brother Ram used the wheat for the three stages of grace in this sermon. I didn't even know it because I'd forgotten it. And I just love it. I can write something and I know if I stay with the Bible, Brother Brandham's eventually going to say it somewhere. I I have that confidence as a Christian. Brother Random was a Biblebased prophet. Hallelujah. So what you must do, what you and I must do, we must listen to brother Brandham in our homes, right? In our vehicles, wherever you are, work, wherever you are, wash dishes like I do. Uh and then take some time and go look that up in the Bible. Hallelujah. Take everything. He said, "Prove all things." Because brother Ram said, "My opinion is just the same as anybody else's. But when it goes back to the Bible, then that's God speaking to us." Amen. Hallelujah. Okay. So, we can see the three works of grace, but there's also like a fourth that's really close. It's not actually a work of grace, but it's just like a fourth stage that we can see. Oh, there's something very spiritual about that. It's the Isuza Street revival. Okay. And then I turn it sideways. This is new on Wednesday for brother Chris there. You can see that this is what it represents. It represents a timeline when the Lutheran revival started, the Methodist revival started, the Zuza Street, and then the bride's revival. Now, that could be any age, any date. It doesn't have to be 1960. Some people might put 1963 up there. I I'd go for that because that's when the seals were uh revealed. Okay. And I'm trying to finish up my review. This is longer than I thought. But anyways, the whole point and this is what I'm going to this is what I'm going to end with. Church, the life is flowing through here, right? It's a process of life flowing through time. So, I'm going to close with that. Later, I'm going to get jump to my punch line, but are you letting the life of God flow through you? That's what I'm going to close with because we can see the life has to flow through the church ages. But we got to look at our lives and say, "Am I letting God's life flow through me?" Because I'm like a wheat plant. Doesn't the Bible say we're like grass? We're here today withered. Getting kind of withered, aren't I, Brother Patrick? You know, I'm getting a little bit of wrinkles here. Withering a little bit. And so the it's the life of the seed or it's the life of the pillar of fire, right? leading the people on right out of through the Red Sea, leading them through the wilderness, leading them to Canaan's land. All right, that's a good review. Everybody got that? Now, again, Brother Ram says there's only three stages, but he just brought out this fourth one, this chaff, because it it tied into Matthew 24:24, but he says it again. He said, "Then come out Wesley." He saw that big organization. And so he sounded a trumpet of sanctification, more of the word. When he did, out they moved right out of Luther right into Methodist. And when Pentecostal saw it, they sounded a trumpet. It's time for the return of the gifts. See what they did? They sounded a trumpet and off they come. Then they organized. But remember, after the husk, there's three stages we know of. There's nothing else left but the grain or the seed, right? Oh, God. And then the grain is put out of it all. So notice that the seed is put out of it all. That's why we're not in a denomination. We're not going to join a denomination. And we're not going to become a denomination because the life comes out of the chaff. Hallelujah. If we have the life, we'll never be in the chaff, right? We'll come out of that. We'll never make a a church creed or denomination. Our beliefs will only be the word of God. Hallelujah. I never set a timer. So, I just realized that. I'm like, how am I doing on my time? He says, "Now notice if the bridegroom, the beginning, the the bridegroom, this is the bride coming forth." He's talking about getting back to the original seed. The seed that started is going to produce another seed. Now, these are very familiar verses as we've shown. But said, "Now, how is the bride going to do this? Get back to the seed. Get back to the grain." How is the wheat going to do this? Malachi 4 said, "In the last days, it would be restored back. Restored back like the beginning. Take it back. I'll restore, sayeth the Lord, all the years of the Palmerworm and cankerworm and all these other things as Eden. I'll restore again. Malachi 4 said, "He will restore the hearts of the people and the faith of the people back to the original fathers again." See, we see this right before us, church. Where are we at now? Brother Ram quotes this. Now, in the church age book, Brother Ram said, "This was thus sayith the Lord that we will come right back to the book of Acts." So listen, uh, Patrick Claude and Haven, young ones, Victoria, listen, Brother Jesse may not live to see this fulfilled, but you might. Listen to me. It's thus sayeth the Lord. There's going to be a church that comes back to the book of Acts church. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Ram said, we've seen a little bit of the apostolic days. He said, but we want to see them return in the fullness of it. Amen. Someone is going to see it. Haven might be you, Victoria Zion. It might be you. Like brother Ram said, I may not live to see it, but this message, he said, will introduce Jesus Christ to the world. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. Praise God. So, no matter how cold things might get, brother said the church might slug along. No matter how great revivals might get, just be patient. Just wait on the Lord. God's timing is perfect. The rapture will not be one minute late. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Someone's going to see it church. They thought after brother Ram died, they thought the rapture was any day and then they especially thought it was in 77 because brother Ram said 18 times. I predict he said not the Lord I predict based upon three math calculations. He just thought it was wow I've seen three. So he thought it but but it look it was a time and season of great revival and then it cools down and then it revives again and it cools down. It's a constant brother says a cycle of death and revival. We're going to have another revival. Praise God. I'm going to have another revival. I believe in my life. Now, will it be the final revival? Only God knows. But you should hang around and love God and love Jesus Christ so much that you'll live until the final revival. It's the moment twink of an eye when the bodies change and Jesus Christ returns to Harpazo to catch up his wife off the earth. Hallelujah. I may not see it, Patrick. Claude, I may not see it, but you might see it. You have to believe the prophecy, right? Because that's what brother Adam gave. He gave prophecy and it came to pass. Well, there's still prophecies that are waiting to be fulfilled. And it's not believing in a prophecy that's somebody's idea. It's actually prophecy that's in the Bible. Praise God. They've been waiting on this one. I think I think Joel was about 500 years before Christ, maybe. So, this one's about 2,500 years old, and it's still going to come to pass. Amen. Be glad then you children of Zion. Brother said Zion always represents the bride. Right. Zion and rejoice in the Lord your God. See, don't be discouraged coming to church. Rejoice. You don't feel like praising God. Forget about your feelings. Praise God. Hallelujah. Just be thankful for heath given you the former rain. Now, brother said that was his teaching ministry. Brother Ram. So n from 1947 we say to 65. and he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain, Brother Ram's ministry, and the latter rain. Brother Ram calls that rapturing faith. Now, church, let's be honest and say we're still enjoying the former reign. I'm still learning the message. I like brother Ram said, I'm not a masterpiece yet, but I'm going to be. Hallelujah. God's working on all of us still. Right? God's changing us, molding us, shaping us through the trials of life. We're becoming more like him all the time. That's right. And the floor shall be full of wheat. But there's coming a time in the latter rain when there's going to be wheat everywhere, food everywhere, and the fat shall overflow with wine and oil. There's coming a time when there's going to be stimulation and the baptism of the Holy Ghost and word all around us. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. It's prophecy, right? And you know, God's going to get us ready. God is preparing us because he said, "I'll restore the years at the locust at the remember the locust is the antichrist spirit. It's the four stages of the same same bug, right? The caterpillar or it turns into the uh which one is it? The locust. Yeah, the locust is the adult stage. The locust, right? We see locust from time to time. So God said, "I'm going to restore all the years that the antichrist ate up. the canker, the caterpillar, uh the Palmer, in other words, the four horse riders. All that they took away, I'm gonna give it back. Hallelujah. My great army which I sent among you. Now, that was a judgment army. Actually, if you actually read the book of Joel, that those locusts were judgment upon Israel. And ye shall eat in plenty and be satisfied. So, look, church, there's going to come a time when you're going to eat plenty of the word of God. I hope you're doing it today. Amen. I can say that. I can say that. I've hardly ever ever I can't even remember now. maybe some guest ministers or maybe I didn't preach the best sermon I could have preached. But it seems like every time I leave church, I'm always full. I love the word of God. I enjoyed the word. I was blessed by the word. I ate a good solid meal. Praise God. You know what is you know what it's like to eat a partial meal? Well, you know what it's like. Can't say everybody here ate about four burgers yesterday. I said, "You are you feeling full?" Well, kind of. You know, I wish I was like that. Well, maybe I don't. Bless his heart. But the Bible says, I'm using a type. We should eat in plenty. If he's eating plenty, right? When you eat, you normally eat, you normally eat till you get filled up, unless you're fasting. But there's going to come a time during the latter rain when we're getting the final rapturing faith. There's going to be the Holy Ghost all around. There's going to be stimulation word all around. And we're going to eat in plenty. We're going to be so satisfied that we're Christians. Remember, Brother McBride preached satisfied for us. That would have been a good scripture for that message. I might share that with him if I remember. And we will praise the name of the Lord your God that have dealt wondrously with you and my people shall never be ashamed. This church is part of God's masterpiece that he gave to brother Brandon. It's thus sayaeth the Lord. Someone is going to see this. Now, we've had taste of it like in Napoleon, right, in 2023. We had taste of what that was like. It's like, wow, there's oil all around. There's simulation all around people. We saw people simulated. We never seen them simulate like that before because there's plenty of wine. There's plenty of oil. And the church said, "Maybe we'll have that next weekend, too." By God's grace, everybody can take a a big drink of spiritual wine. Hallelujah. A big uh plenty of oil, plenty of food, feasting on the word of God. Everybody can be satisfied. Everybody can be praising God rather than worried about your problems. You can praise God despite the problems. Hallelujah. Amen. But said, "What about the true seed again? This wheat seed. It will happen just as we have said. The people of God are being made ready by the word of truth from the messenger of this age." Just like Luther's day in her will be the fullness of Pentecost. For the spirit will bring the people right back to where they were at the beginning. That is thus sayith the Lord. It is thus sayith the Lord. For that is that is what Joel 22 23-26 says. So every child of God should be hungry for more food, thirsty for the wine, right? Hungry for the oil or we say whatever you want to say for that. Uh desires for the oil. Hallelujah. And that should be our desire. We want more of God. I want more of the word church. That's what we need. Less of the world, more of God. Amen. Amen. That's why we come to church. Then brother Ram says this again. A masterpiece. There is your stages again. One, two, three. See just exactly. He doesn't say four, three, because that's what the wheat has in the Bible, right? Jesus said, now look what he calls it. The word living and in action, the Bible bride. Not some man-made bride, the Bible bride, smitten and afflicted of God. In other words, as Jesus was smitten, we're going to have to go through, we ought to go through persecution, right? And this is a totally different thought, church. You'll see it later. Brother Ram talks about how the bride is smitten out of denominations. Okay? Okay. So, it's a different application to what he began with. You know, it's just just so you know, it's just a different application, but it's true, right? Because the uh the remnant is what's left after you take something out of the cloth, right? The remnant is what's left. So, the foolish virgin is the remnant, but the real piece of article God's using is the bride. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Brother said, "She stands alone like the bridegroom. rejected a man, despised and rejected the churches. The bride stands that way. What is it? It's his masterpiece. See, it's the word that he can work through, make manifest, rejecting. So all these verses, Malachi 4:5 and 6, Revelation 10:7, Luke 17:30, right? Joel 2:23, all these verses, the churches are rejecting, but we're receiving. Amen. And remember, just as a humble reminder, we're not there yet. But how many know you're more you're closer to Christ now than you were when you were in denomination or wherever you were. Hallelujah. I'm I'm I'm I'm light years ahead of where I was in denominations. Right, sister? Light years ahead. Hallelujah. I don't even like thinking back to my old old days. Now, this is remember his prayer at the end. Father of life, include us, Lord. If we've sinned, take it away from us and help us to let it go, too. Remember the Bible said, "Lay aside the weight that easily besets us." See, sometimes we hold on to sins and we just hold on to them. The Bible said, "Let it go. Let let it go. Just let let your grasp on and go, I don't need this. I just need to run the race for Jesus." Right? Just let it go. Like brother said, let it go. Walk away. Just ignore that serpent. Ignore that mamba. Whatever it is, ignore the whatever cobra. Just ignore let it go and walk away from it. Be free because he's called us to be free in Christ. Hallelujah. If we have sin, take it away from us. We don't want to be that way, Lord. It's not our intention. My intention is not to struggle. Your intention is not to struggle with sin. Your intention is to overcome sin. But we must let it go. And we realize we're living in such a dark, horrible way. As we said the beginning, we're walking up a mountain. Though rugged places, dim as the trail, but we're packing the light. May we see step by step as we go now, till we meet like pilgrims progress, till we finally catch the top of the hill. Guide us, oh shepherd, great Jehovah, lead us by thy spirit. And we know that we're close. No, we know that we're far from a masterpiece. But we're looking where we were hued from the real masterpiece. And in him we trust. Just take us to him, Lord. Grant it, Lord. Hallelujah. Church, where'd you come out of? You came out of the mind of Christ. So you're going to be a masterpiece. You're not where you want to be yet, but you're going to get there. Hallelujah. Now, here's where brother brings out Revelation 10:7 in this section. Now, at the harvest time, the seed is back to its original life. Back to the Bible. Glory. And someone, some dear person tried to tell me yesterday, "The word is not exactly the Bible." And trying to get me away from the Bible and accept things that are not in the Bible. I'm like, "Dear friend, we're just going to have to agree to disagree, but thank you for your time." Yes. I mean, I understand the Holy Ghost is the word, but he wrote his nature in the Bible for us. So, we would know his nature. Praise God. So, you're not to add one word, not to take one word away. It's the nature of the Holy Ghost on paper. Oh. Oh my. Must have all to be this way. It must have all the word, right? Michelangelo's Moses wasn't partially done. It was all the way done. So, we must believe all the word. I say like this. We must live all the word. Then we'll be the masterpiece of God. Now church, I'll just say like this. There may be a point right before the rapture when the church does get fully obedient. And maybe then that's the finished masterpiece. Maybe that's why Christ can resurrect her because she's got that latter rain anointing. Hallelujah. That that might be the point where finally then God can resurrect the church. But don't forget there's already going to be people resurrected at that time because the dead in Christ rise first. Those other masterpieces have to rise first. Hallelujah. Amen. That's right. Now, what did he say? Now, he's talking about you must have all the word. What did he say in Revelation 10 that would take place? Why was the trip to Tucson? Brother Brand went out to Tucson before he preached the seven seals to open to the church in the days of the messenger, the seventh angel, the seventh angel message, the whole word of God would be made manifest. The seal that was that what all the stalk has left off. Oh why of why and all about it would be made manifest in this time. Is that what the word said? Congregation says good congregation. Then we see it then. Where are we at? See where are we at? There's only one thing. The harvest is here. She's dead ripe. But she's ready now for the coming. Notice now brother. Here we are 60 years later. Was the seed dead ripe yet? Not exactly. Still had to save me. Still had to still to save my children. Still to save brother Nia. Right. Still to save the Junction City Saints. Praise God. That's why I still believe the shout is still going out. Shout, voice, trump. Christ does all three as he's descending. So the anointing, see the latter rain is falling. I'm sorry. The former rains falling. Christ is descending. This anointing is descending upon us. So, so we see this happening here. The shout still going out. People are still hearing. Behold, trim your lamps. The bridegroom cometh. Make yourself ready. It's still happening today. Praise God. Oh man. Hallelujah. No wonder. Brother said, "This makes me the happiest person alive because I can see the life go through all the church organizations, but now the life is with us." Amen. Hallelujah. My I don't have no other way to react other than laugh, I guess. You know, now let me give you these five quotes. Again, some people don't think Revelation 10 is fulfilled. There's five quotes. Brother Ram says it's fulfilled. It's already happened. Revelation 10 is not for anybody else. Not for Israel, not for the tribulation. Revelation 10 was for the bride. Now, there's a picture that cloud was taken in March 28th, 1963. Brother Ram said a few days later after that, well, in one quote, he said he was under that. Now, we don't know if he got translated or if he meant uh seven or eight days later when he got there, the cloud reappeared. We don't know. But remember what was the cloud church? It was angels. So whether he met that official cloud there or whether that cloud went back into angel form and he met the angels, it's still a scriptural vision and it was still a prophecy in the name of the Lord. And the proof of that is that he said in the name of the Lord. And the second proof is that he gave us the revelation of the seven seals that was never preached by anybody else before that. And I proved it by God's grace. At least those three people they said that he he uh plagiarized it from. We proved it. It was a total brand new revelation of the seven seals that had not been preached by Clarence Larkin or Charles H. Russell or Uriah Smith. It was a fresh revelation from the Holy Ghost just like Brother Random said. All right. Now, this is the this is a week after he preaches seven seals. And he said, "Now look, church, the seven seals were what? Open. They're already open. But remember they have three parts. They have reality, symbol, and revelation. Some of them are not open. But brother just says in passing they're opened. The revelation is open of them. Remember the sounding of the seventh angel. The mysteries of God was finished. And there come an angel from heaven which was Christ and swore with his hands raised from heaven. Revelation 10 1-7 that time would be no more. Exactly right. The hour. So he says, "That's exactly right. This is the hour for it, not in the future. That was the hour." All right. Now, I don't want to lose everybody. So stay with me here. I don't want to don't want to lose you. I got 40 minutes left by God's grace. So I don't want to lose you now. I still got 40 minutes. I got a long way to go. But remember, this was foretold in the name of the Lord. Brother Ram saw the angels with the wings. Now, you might be familiar with this, might not be, but you can go back and listen to it. He says, "They're mighty ones, powerful angels, snow white, wi wings set, heads up." He says, "I was caught up into this pyramid, a constellation." Okay. Yeah. Snow White. Yeah. Snow White constellation. So, Brother doesn't call it a cloud when he told the vision because he didn't know it' be a cloud. He just knew it' be a Snow White constellation of angels. And that's what we got. Right? That's what we got. Right? Now, look. And notice here's here's the prophecy. It's about 10 minutes later. He says, "I'm standing in an awful place, but remember I tell you in the name of the Lord, I've told you the truth. Something is fixing to happen." And everything that was part of that vision happened, the explosion, right? The sword coming down in his hand, which I'm going to review that again today. All those things were foretold in the name of the Lord. Now, who talks like that? As I always say, nobody talks like that unless they're a prophet or a false prophet. And the fact that all these seals were revealed fresh proves he was a true prophet of God and it happened just the way the vision said. Okay. Now here's the second quote. Brother Ram quotes Revelation 10:7 talks about the Revelation 10:7. He broke forth those seven seals to reveal them. He showed the miraculous. He showed it first in the heavens. So that cloud was a commission of angels. go back and open the seven seals, which he did. So, there's the second one, and shalom. If you want to hear this, the biggest the biggest amount of quotes on it, listen to shalom, January 12th, 1964, where he talks about Revelation 10:7. It's the sermon with the most content about Revelation 10:7. He Now, look, here's where he says it later. He talks about the magazine. I showed it to you. He said they put it in Life magazine the opening of the seals of the revealing this age of the seventh angel in the days of his ministry. The seventh angel, the mysteries of God, which all the mysteries, everybody say all. Ready? All the mysteries has long has been along the ages should be revealed, made manifest. It should be at that time. And he did it. His words don't fail. Brother said he did it. He revealed the seven seals. He revealed all the mysteries that are called mysteries. This is the same the same sermon. He said, 'We heard that word say. He quotes Revelation 10:7. And then he says the seventh seal would be pulled back, right? We know what it is. What's the revelation of the seventh seal? It's the unknown day and hour of the rapture. It has to be because when the seven seals broken, there's silence in heaven. Why would there be silence in heaven? What's going to stop those cherubams from saying, "Holy, holy, holy." The only thing it could be is Jesus leaving the throne, going to meet his bride, to meet you in the air. Amen. The man said, "Oh, you know about it. It's on tape months before it happened." Then it happened. It appeared in the sky. Shalom. What is it? It's a changing of the beats. The symphony. It's the fulfillment of Bible prophecy. Then in marriage and divorce, brother Ram says he promised in the last days every hidden mystery. Every hidden mystery, right? The mysteries of God would be revealed. How many knows that? Revelation the 10th chapter. All these other hidden mysteries that's been would be revealed in the end time. Now you remember the voice said go to Tucson. Remember the mystic light in the sky, the seventh angel standing there. Come back and the opening of the seven seals. Watch what take place. That's true. The fifth quote. I'm trying to go faster for you guys. Then it's been Canon one morning like this while in prayer. I'm going to show you a picture. Somebody drew a beautiful picture of it. It's a nice beautiful Now to me it's a I don't know about my artist friends in here, my wife, but to me it's a very good artistic picture. I could be wrong. While in prayer, there had been a sword placed in my hand. This is the sword. The sword of the word. So when right right before brother met those angels, a sword, he was praying to God and a sword came into his hand and he sort he said, "It's a sword. What sword?" And the voice said, "It's the sword of the king." And brother Ram said, "That's the word that I live by." Because the word is the discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. And brother Ram said him getting the sword was a symbol. He's got the word. He's got the spoken word. He's got speak to this mountain and it'll come to pass. Praise God. He said that's my new commission to speak the word to open the mysteries. And I'm gonna show a few others here by God's grace. Later, the angels appeared as was prophesied. This was a prophecy. Snow White pyramid of angels. I'll get the sword in my hand. New commission. And then he says five times, it's already happened. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. And church, I got videos on this, too. You could listen to this sermon if you don't understand it. Or we could have a Zoom Bible study. We could have those, too, by God's grace. If you want to slow it down, I'll slow it down. But you have to put time into it, too. You got to go read the quotes. And you got to study the scripture yourself. I can't do all your like brother Rod said, you got to want it. Brother Rod told me that. He said, he said, you just can't talk about things. If you want something, go get it. That's what the Bible says. If the violent uh the Bible said the violent take the kingdom of God by force. In other words, say Satan get behind me and you go obey the word of God. All right. Now, this is the same sermon. Yeah. Rising of the sun. Same sermon. He said he spoke to me and said the seven seals will be open. The seven mysteries, the sevenfold mystery of the Bible that's been closed up from the foundation of the world will be revealed. And we yet a humble little group compared with all the world. We've enjoyed these blessings of hearing these mysteries. marriage, divorce, serpent seed, all these different questions. The mystery of God should be finished. It means all the Bible mysteries will be finished. Has been has been. Now, look, church, has been. It's already in the past. It's been completely revealed to us, not by man, but by God himself that's open these seven mysteries. All right. Uh oh, yeah. Now, here he says, he says, "Turn that picture." And he says, "It's Christ." He says, "No, notice if you'll just turn that picture, that cloud picture," he said, "It's Christ. He's supreme judge. There's no other but him." That's a perfect identification again, a vindication that this message is the truth. This is the truth. It's true. And making him not a third person, but the only person. Hallelujah. Here's where he says alpha and omega, but I think that's a fifth one. I'm just going to skip ahead. Okay, now this is what is the attraction on the mountain. This is the clearest one. He talks about Revelation 10:7. And then he said three years ago, this mystery of his vision was a prophecy. Revelation 10:7. What is the time, sir? He preached that December 30th, 1962. But now it's history. It's passed. The promise is fulfilled. Let's all say fulfilled. Can we fulfilled? Revelation 10:1-7 is fulfilled. It's no longer prophecy. It's fulfilled. The promise is fulfilled. What time is it? What's this? What's this attraction? God fulfilling his word. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And and church, this is Brother Ram's masterpiece. Hallelujah. All the mysteries of the Bible fulfilled. Revelation 10 being fulfilled. This is Brother Ram's great work. He was trying to get the people to see in the end time. The seed has to become back to what it was at the beginning. The the end time bride's got to look just like the beginning book of Acts bride. Amen. Good. I'm glad for those amens. I appreciate that. I just church, I just want to know that my humble little church understands what I'm preaching. If I'm preaching too high, God forgive me. I want to make it so simple that even Zion can can catch it. Hallelujah. I don't want to make it strange or, you know, I don't want to be a fanatic. I just want to make it so simple, church, that that anybody could see it by the grace of God. Now, here here here's what brother said. the the magazine looks like this. He said, "But turn it to its side. It looks just like this. Look at that. It's like a pyramid shape, right? And then what the artist did later is they just put that in there with Photoshop." Okay? But there's there's no eyes or anything here. Brother Perry Green talks about that there was no eyes or nose in there. That was from a copy machine. That's the actual that's the best picture. That's the original. But see, brother said, "Look, it's it's Christ." He says, "He's coming down to visit." And church, I got a sermon I'm going to preach here pretty soon. God came numerous times as an angel to prophets because Revelation 10 is a mighty angel comes down. Who was the angel that met Moses in the burning bush? The Bible said an angel. And they said, "I am that I am." That wasn't just Gabriel or Michael or Wormwood. That was God. Hallelujah. That was an angel who said he was God. Amen. A mighty angel who was God come down to visit a prophet. Praise God. They did it other times, too. I'm going to preach a sermon on that Lord when I at least I got all these notes. I'm waiting for the right inspiration. Praise God. Waiting for the right time. But it's just amazing. There's every little thing of Sorry, brother Brandham. If you go back to the Bible, you're going to see something just like it in the Bible. Even this mighty angel. God did that numerous times before. Oh, yes. The other one's Abraham. The Bible said an angel come and talk to Abraham and he said, "I am the Lord your God. Walk before me. Be thou perfect." an angel, right? It's God in the form of an angel. Just like God in the form of angel come down and met Brother Brandham. Praise God. H I just wish more people could see it. Now, here's the beautiful picture, church. Here. Okay. So, here this is brother Brandon right here. Now, I I just made a larger view over here. He had this vision. Now, there I like see I like this. This is just really all the rocks. Remember the rock the explosion? There's rocks everywhere. Now, this person thought there were seven angels. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Okay. And that may be true, right? Brother said it was angels. But I'm just saying like the way they're dressed. I'm not I'm not saying it's like that. I'm just saying this is an artist idea. But see, he was he got the sword of the he's got the sword of the king, the word, the opening of the word. He was commissioned by God to go back with that sword and open the word of God with that sword and reveal the seven seals. Now, people have criticized brother Ram. Oh, there's people that mocked him and may God have mercy on that. like, "Oh, what kind of a a church you guys believe in where a prophet caught a sword in a vision?" Well, the same Bible that says a prophet said a cold touched his mouth with tongues. I washed tongues this week. There's heavenly tongues. And this prophet said, brother brother Christie had a vision where heavenly tongues come down and put a coal on his mouth. Well, that's really strange, but it's the Bible. Hallelujah. I tell you, a sword is probably more of a Bible symbol than even tongues, right? Because Jesus, a sword comes out of Jesus' mouth in Revelation 19 and his name is called the word of God. Hallelujah. And these these people that almost blasting the Holy Ghost say, "Oh, what kind of person do you believe in who has a vision of a sword?" Well, the same the same kind of person I believe in who had a vision that he was lifted up by his hair and carried. He was lifted by his hair and carried to Jerusalem. Trying to give you a real good visual here without pulling out all my hair. That's what Ezekiel said. And then in chapter 2 and three, God said, "Eat the roll." Can you imagine, church, just a piece of paper? Can you imagine a roll? And Ezekiel's like, "Okay, I'll eat it." And he eats it down. And you follow a prophet who said he ate a roll in a vision. Yes, I do. I follow a prophet who got the sword of the king because he preached with the Bible. He preached thus sayith the Lord out of the Bible. That's the kind of prophet I follow. Hallelujah. Amen. Just like Ezekiel, just like Isaiah. And what about Joshua? He was he was uh Zechariah saw a vision of Joshua, the high priest of those days in the days of Zerubel. And he saw a vision of a courtroom where where Joshua has all these dirty garments on. And Satan's trying to rebuke him. And the angel says, "Hold your peace, Satan." And the and the angel said, "Get him a new change of garments. I'm cleansing him. So Zechariah says sees a prophet taking off dirty clothes and get it on clean clothes. Oh, you follow a prophet that had that vision? Yes, I do. Because it's a Biblebased vision. Hallelujah. People say, "How how fanatical is that? How crazy is that?" It's not crazy. It's revelation. And it's not crazy. It's the word of God. And then John did the same thing, did he not? The voice said, "Go to the mighty angel, take the book, and eat it up." And he did. We don't serve, we don't serve a a a strange God. We serve the only true God. Amen. But he just does things that that carnal minds don't understand. Remember, the Bible said God would use the foolishness of preaching to save them that would believe. But church, guess what? We're not done. You got to eat this thing, too, because you represent John. So, you got a meal coming up here today. Eat this book. Hallelujah. Eat this word. In other words, believe all the Bible revelations. Brother Hannah, preach to us. Amen. You've got to eat it and prophesy it again. Can I say like this? Prophesy again to your family. Tell it to your family. Tell it to your friends. Tell it to your co-workers. Everybody who's ordained to hear it is going to hear it. Praise God. But you got to eat it up. You got to believe it. And then you got to share it with somebody else by God's grace. Is that clear? Amen. So, I think this is a very scriptural vision. I would say which one is the most outrageous? I mean, how about a coal in the mouth or how about being carried by your hair from uh was it Iran or Iraq all the way uh back to Jerusalem by your hair? That seems pretty uh outlandish or hard to believe to me, but yet it's thus sayith the Lord. But you know what mockers are going to mock? The Bible said there'll be scoffers at the end time. Where is the coming of the Lord? Where is the rapture? Brother Ram has been gone 60 years. They're going to say all this scoffing and we're just going to wait on the Lord. And the Bible said as we wait, he renews our strength like the eagle. Okay, good. I got 20 uh got 30 minutes. 32 minutes left. Now, this let me give you another visual here. Now, is this helpful? The first poll was Now, that's not I think he's just praying for her and she's got her head bowed, but I I couldn't find a picture, brother. I saw one one time and I couldn't find it. There was three dots on brother Ram's hand. Like on this side, there was three dots. I saw a picture. I just couldn't find it. Somebody actually got a picture of it. You've seen it, too? Yeah. I just couldn't find it. I searched online. But there was dots and they would have different designs. There was three or four dots. And depending on what sickness they had, Brother Bam, they would hold Brother Bam's hand and those dots would form. Okay? But I'm just giving you a visual. The first pole was assign the hand. The second pole was discernment, telling her the thoughts and intents of her heart. The third poll, brother Ram, calls speaking the word. Okay, I'm going to try to make this I want to give you a visual so especially the young people remember it. I want Anna and Michelle to grow up and Patrick and Claw and say, "Praise God, I know what the three three poles are." It's important because God brought brother Brandham through a greater revelation. It's important for you because you need to speak the word, too. That's why it's important to us. He had to learn you can only speak when God inspires you to speak. Okay? Now, I want to make it even more clear. Now, look, I made these smaller so we could spend more time on the third pole. Brother Ram called this, he called it speaking the word or we would call it in the Bible, we would call it when you speak to the mountain or say to this mountain to be moved. Okay? It has at least one, two, three meanings. The third pole, there could be more, but I was just studying. I just want to rehearse and my brother called this my new commission, my new ministry to preach the word of God. Okay, all this is the same thing. Okay, everybody got that? So, it's speaking the word. And remember, uh he gave five, let me go to that one. He he gave five examples of that. Speaking the word. This was in 1958 or 1959. Brother Ran walked into Sunny Shims. We were there at the at the store, brother. And there's a testimony hanging up in the wall there in Jeffersonville. And brother Ram said, "There's five specialists said he was going to die." And brother Man said, "No, thus sayith the Lord, you'll sell me red hots again over the counter." Hallelujah. So healing, this is this is how it relates to you. If you can speak healing if God's calling you to do it, but only if God's calling you to do it. Now church, listen. You might not have the gift of healing. So then you might God might not call you to do that. Or you might do it one time and never again. Okay. But it's scriptural. Brother Rand also said creation. He spoke those squirrels into existence. Well, Moses did that too, right? Moses spoke things and they just came, right? It's the same power, same God. And the church said, "Oh, it's the same God all the time." Praise God. You can speak things and they they materially appeared. Praise God. The Bible said God or Moses spoke to the dust and the dust became was it lice? Dust became lice. Taking a little piece of dirt, dead dirt, change it into a living creature to crawl all over the Egyptians. God did that. That's creative power. Hallelujah. It just it just means God can create. God can multiply. God can change. He's going to change our atoms in the rapture. Praise God. Also this includes you could speak for somebody to be saved because had Wright did that. The greatest desire of my heart is what? Salvation of my two boys. He said I give them to you in the name of Jesus Christ. You can also speak to weather just like Jesus spoke to the storm. He said be still and and the winds and waves obeyed him. All that is is what Jesus said. If you say and don't doubt, you can have what you say. It's mature power. It's it's mature character with the power of the word. And again, healing. Uh Ma's uh Ma had that that cancer, that tumor, and brother Bam said before the doctor will touch it, it'll be vanish. And it did. And there was a there was two witnesses there, the doctor and sister Mita's friend. I can't remember her name right now. Okay. Now, these are just quotes that I just basically rehearsed to you. Okay. Now, brother Ram also says the third poll was the opening of the word or the mysteries revealed. So, see there's lots of elements of this. You can speak the word or you can preach the word. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, the one that's this I put a question mark because this is a little mysterious to me. Brother Ram said the third pole of Jesus ministry was preaching to the eternal lost in the heart of the earth. But to me, the reason I don't understand this is because Jesus had a ministry after that. He had a resurrection ministry. Well, that makes four poles, but there's only three poles. So, Brother Bam, you know, he never made this he never made this like a a absolute thus sayith the Lord doctrine. In fact, he called he called that sermon souls under prison now. He said, "This is the only time I've ever done a sermon of I'm presuming." He said, "But it'll be scriptural." But he also said, "I'll be presuming." Okay? Now, yes, Noah preached the eternal loss, right? Once the door was closed, he preached eternal loss. So there is some Bible foundation about this. But I'm just letting you know Jesus had a ministry church after he resurrected and the church said I just preached on the spirit of burning. He's walking and he preaches to Cleopus and his friend for three hours. He preaches about himself. This is me. This is me in Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy. This is me all through the Bible. And they still don't recognize him. But he had a ministry. Praise God. And they told him, "Go wait 10 days in Jerusalem. Wait up there in the upper room until you're in due with power from on high. That's what we need today. We need some power from on high today. Praise God. We need the Holy Ghost to visit this church. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. How many want the visitation of the Holy Ghost? Absolutely. Now, let's read these quotes here. So, here third pole, first pole, healing. Second poll, prophesying or discernment. Third poll, the opening of the word, the mysteries revealed. So I just want you to see the third pole has numerous characteristics to it. It's not just speaking the word. It's actually revealing the meaning of the word. Okay. So does what does that mean? It means when brother preached the seven seals, that was the third poll. Right? Everybody got that? I haven't lost anybody. Everybody still Everybody still listening? Okay, good. I haven't lost you to uh to what you're doing after service. Okay. I haven't lost. Okay. All right. Let's focus on in here by God's grace. And remember, the third pole is the opening of them seven seals to reveal the hidden truth that's been sealed in the word. Do you see it? I see it. Amen, brother. Now, here's the one where he says the third pole was a third ministry preaching to the eternal lost. And brother also said Jesus preached after the resurrection. That was a ministry, too. Now, here's the here's where we feel that the third pole will have a special manifestation right before the rapture. Brother Ram says look away to Jesus. So I'm going to say something to you now I haven't said all along. And that is the thing we've been looked for for so long for at least many four or five years or maybe longer. The third pole has now been vindicated. And I'm sure you all know what it is. Yes, we do. It's speaking the word. It's the revelation of the word. Right at this now time, it's just happened. So you could identify its presence among you. See, but it will not be used in a great way until the council begins to tighten up. And when it does, the Pentecostals and so forth can almost impersonate anything can be done. But when you see that time comes when the squeeze comes down, in other words, when the the politicians start putting pressure that they're going to kill Christians, then you'll see what we've seen temporarily be manifest in the fullness of its power. See, so brother Abraham thought the third poll, he thought the Christians would be anointed with rapturing faith to speak the word right before the rapture because it's an anointing. Hallelujah. Now, we don't know all that they're going to speak, but brother Ram says it'll be used in a great way, but remember what man calls great, God calls foolish. Hallelujah. And brother Ram also said it won't be a public show, too. We won't be walking around before the rapture saying, "Look what I can do. Look what I can do. That's not how God operates. God's power is not a little uh magic wand you can wing around and do whatever you want. No sir. It's character with power. Hallelujah. It's Christlike character. It's not going to be a public show. And everyone knows as first as certain as the first poll was identified, so has the second been identified. If you'll think real closely, you who are spiritual, got any spiritual people in here today? As the Bible said, here's him that has wisdom. The third pole is properly identified. We know it is. See, the third pole is here. It's so sacred. I mustn't say much about it. I like this because it speaks for itself. Amen. Hallelujah. It speaks. This mountain has to move. Hallelujah. Oh my. Well, we just saw it move. So, it speaks for itself. The word operates. The word is the only thing that has life. The word is the only thing that defeats Satan. Hallelujah. Amen. It speaks for itself. When the word is spoken and it goes into into motion, that's the word. When a word is spoken and it's fulfilled, that's the word speaking for itself. All right, everybody getting it now? You see some nods there? Okay, heard a few amens. All right, I'll take that. Better than no amens. Now, look what brother says. I must lay quiet. What? The third pole is just operating, but I must lay quiet just for a little bit while now remember you who's listening to this tape like Bride of Christ Fellowship. You might see such a change in my ministry right away. Dropping back, not going up. Oh, not getting more powerful. Dropping back. We're right at the age now. It can't be can't go any further. We have to wait just a minute until this happens over here. In other words, the squeeze, the pressure, the political pressure has to come on in order for the latter rain to fall. Then the time comes, but it's thoroughly identified. When did the greatest miracles happen in brother Ram's ministry? Towards the beginning, right? Towards the beginning. Think about Congressman Upshaw, the pillar of fire picture. Uh so many great miracles. So, Brother Ram even says it here at the end of 1963. I'm not going to get greater and greater and greater. He said, I'm going to drop back. I'm not going to grow go up into greater greater miracles all the time because it has to catch up. Prophecy has to catch up. Okay? Now, look, brother uh was asked, "Is the third pole speaking the word?" He says, "Yes." You got a good statement there. So, it's speaking the word. And now, let me say this too for the young people. Now, young people, young girls and young boys, you can speak the word as well, but you have to have the anointing of God to do it. You might try it and it might fail. Well, that means you you didn't wait for God to tell you. So, you just say, "Lord, I'm sorry. Help me to wait and be more patient to the next time." But don't have to be just Brother Jesse or anybody else. It can be you. You can speak the word as well, but you better know it's God speaking through you. Which means you'll be so reverent, so obedient. You won't be prideful. You'll just believe God's word. Hallelujah. So church, what what is the third pole? It's basically Matthew 17. Verily I say unto you, if you have faith, the grain faith as a grain of mustard seed, you shall say to this mountain, remove hence the yonder place, and it shall remove, and nothing shall be impossible unto you. How be it this kind goeth not out by but by prayer and fasting. So sometimes you can speak the word. Sometimes you got to pray and fast. Now, that's the thing most Americans don't want to do. Pray and fast. Hallelujah. But if you want to see the power of God in your life, you have to pray and fast. Matthew 21:21, "Verily, truly I say to you, if you have faith and doubt not, ye shall not only do that which is done to this fig tree, curse the fig tree, but also if you shall say, this mountain, be thou removed, be thou cast in the sea, it shall be done. And all these things whatsoever you ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive." And remember I told you story Brian Hawkins, right? He was here. I spoke to hips that can't regenerate and they regenerated. That's his testimony. Hallelujah. That's as simple as this. Just some just praying and speaking life, speaking God's power to move on somebody. It's so simple. It don't have to be something you think about. I wasn't planning on doing that. I went to that and Lyd and I even had McDonald's afterwards. Where's Lyd? I would didn't I didn't choose a healthy meal afterwards. But even after that, God still honored my words. God still honored my because it wasn't my word. It was his word. Praise God. I was just going there so Lydia could have some fellowship at a youth group. I didn't know I was going to go there and God was going to do a miracle and God was going to speak the word. But church, what do we just got to be ready at all time and season? Be instant in season and out of season. If somebody tells you something like really bad and you get moved by it, well that's God. That's God trying to get you to pray for that person. Hallelujah. Like last night, Zion burned his finger and he said, "Daddy, pray for me. He's like, "Daddy, pray Jesus will take this away." I prayed there. I prayed with tears. I was crying in his bed. And I I wanted God to do a literal miracle. Well, he went to bed and now he feels good today. So, God heard my humble prayer just because he went to bed. But it's just that moment like he's crying. Well, I need to feel that pain. Why don't I? So, I said, "God, help me to feel that pain." And I prayed until he fell asleep and I was crying asking God to heal him. But that's just an example. When you feel someone's in in trouble or needs help, stop right there and pray for them. Just that's just being sensitive to the Holy Spirit. You never know when God's going to do a miracle, but you got to be available so he can do a miracle. Remember he said it earlier because of their doubting. Remember Jesus said because their unbelief, miracles can't be done. So we got to confess our sins and get back into faith and then God can use us for miracles if God wants to do that. Hallelujah. And here's the one brother used the most. He always called it Mark 11. He said, "Mark 11 was always such a mystery to me until the Lord showed me what it was." Have faith in God. For verily I say unto you, that whosoever shall say of this mountain, "Be thou removed, and be thou cast in the sea," and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass, he shall have whatsoever he saith. Therefore, I say unto you, what things soever you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them. And when you stand praying, forgive. Now, here we get a good clue here. God's not going to do what we ask if we don't forgive other people. Right? We got and the only way we can have faith in God is if we forgive other people, right? Or confess our sins. If you have a against any that your father which also is in heaven may forgive you of your trespasses. But if you do not forgive, neither will your father which is in heaven forgive your trespasses. Hallelujah. Now, let's get back to the master masterpiece. Let me I'm gonna escape real quick to see how how long I got because what casea how long has it been on? I could always ask you how much time. Oh, I've already been an hour. Okay, that's surprising to me. All right, let me see. Um, thank you, brother. I appreciate your zeal. Uh, that that's good. Uh, since I'm over, I will finish up here. Okay. So, lock in here. Last last thought. Last thought. I'm learning, you know, with Mai get up early and Austin had one time had to get up early to go factory work. I'm learning to preach a little less by God's grace. Right, honey? Yeah. Trying. Okay. So, this masterpiece, the masterpiece is the wheat grain, the life flowing through the wheat. And now, church, you are a plant as well. The Bible said you're like a tree. There it is. Amen. Psalm one, you're like a tree planted by rivers of living water. Hallelujah. You are like a tree planted by living waters. In other words, the life of God has to flow through you, church. If if we have sins in our life, the life can't flow through us. And let me show you the visual here. This is the visual Brother used. Uh, and you've seen it before, but I'm just going to give you a visual. Brother Ram got the three. Here's the three parts of man. Okay, the tabernacle man. Body. Now, this is Larkin. L Clarence Larkin said the soul and then the spirit. But brother Bam switched them. The soul is the innermost part. But I want you to see down here. Look church. Look, there's there's five channels to get in here, right? Sight, smell, hearing, taste, touch. That's there's five channels to get into this body, right? To get this court. But there's five channels. Affection, reason, memory, conscious, imagination. There's also five channels to get down into your soul. In other words, for God to get into your soul so you can get saved or get filled with the Holy Ghost. These are channels. Brother Brandham calls the word flu. Where's the word? Flu. A flu is a pipe. Okay. So, at our school, we used to have flu or pipes that carried hot air in them because we we had a boiler. We have a boiler in the boiler room. It boils up all this water and then it shoots all this hot air out through the flu. Now, we got different heating now by God's grace, but that's the old style. The flu is just a pipe. Well, church, every now and then, we wouldn't get heat and there'd have to have to go check there's a little there's a clogging in the flu, right? Or the boiler's down. Thank goodness the boiler never went down. We'd be freezing in there. But every now and then there was a clogging up. one of the pipes got clogged up by something. Maybe it was buildup or dust or something like that, muck, and we weren't getting the heat. Well, that's the same way it is for you and I. Sometimes the praises, listen, church, sometimes we don't praise God as much because something's clogged up in our lives. So, see, it works both ways. Sometimes praise doesn't come out because it's clogged up. And sometimes we can't get revelation from God because things are clogged up. We can't get it in or out. Then people will come to church and and they'll just sit and listen the whole time and be distracted or something like that and then nothing ever comes in, nothing ever goes out. That's because flu are clogged up. And brother, why didn't brother preach this? In the greatest battle ever fought, it's the battlefield of your mind. Hallelujah. Brother Ram said, "God will heal you right now in this atmosphere of the Holy Ghost where he set you. God will give it to you. Just believe it." Amen. Open up them flues. So, see, some people can either clog them up or they can close them. Well, I'm not receiving nothing from God today. I don't I don't want to hear nothing the preacher says. I don't want to hear nothing. That's I don't want to hear any of those songs today. I'm not going to read my Bible today. They close up the flu. Brother says, "Open them up." Right? Open them up and let the love of God come down so that the love of God can go back up. Praise God. Hallelujah. And church, this happens to all of us, right? Affection is when we love something more than Christ, right? That's an idol. Affection means you're love. Reason is when you when you when you think of something that's uh a wrong reason, right? You give a wrong reason why you you should why you should do something or not do something, right? Memory, you get you let a bad memory get in your mind and it clogs up your worst. It you're thinking about that more than you're thinking about God. Uh conscience, you're you have a guilty conscience. Well, God will never forgive me. How could God ever forgive that? Because the blood was shed. That's how God could forgive you. But we let Satan beat up our conscience. Oh, then imagination. You're imagining the wrong things. Brother Ram says you're crossing bridges before you get to them. How do you know that's going to happen tomorrow? You haven't even been there yet. But I know the one who already has been there. Amen. Hallelujah. And Jesus can work it out. Jesus can change the situation. Amen. You don't have to figure out tomorrow. Now, it al also could be lustly imaginations or prideful imaginations. uh things, anything, any imagination and it clogs up the worship where the word of God can't get in and the praise of God cannot get out. What is it? It's life flowing. But a man's talking about a man who sinned with his old reasoning. Well, I'm I think he was talking about cigarettes. It's okay for me to smoke or drink because of this that I've gone through the war. I've gone through trouble. That man got done got away from this old reasoning. He done cleaned the flu out. Okay? Then he repents of that. See, he done cleaned it out. see his conscience. So in order to really praise God, you got to clean out all these channels. Hallelujah. Amen. Then the life of God can flow. I got a couple one more here. Preach. Remember these? Another way to call is a stronghold, right? You have a soul and you have your spirit. How many remember this? It's my last one, right? My last That's my last one. My last slide. Believe that or not? Believe it or not, my last one. So, another way to say it is praise can't get in if the devil's built up a stronghold in your memory. I just remember that person did that to me or that brother or that sister. Well, go to them. Go talk to them. That's what Jesus said. If somebody offends you, go talk to them one-on-one, right? And if that doesn't work, go take somebody else with you. I was telling that somebody on the phone yesterday was different problems in churches. And I'm like, do what math do what m do what Jesus said. If somebody hurts your feelings, go talk to them face to face, right? uh then get somebody else then take it to the church. That's all we got to do. But see now God can't get through here. This this pipe God can't get through this pipe because Satan has built something up there. And remember the same thing can be in all five of the channels. That's a really bad state when people can't get God can't flow through any of these. Right? And yet we know brother Random had a critical spirit. Right? So that might have be a reasoning. I'm not sure. But he would even preach with this one clogged up. Remember he said that he said, "I'm haunted." He said, "You pray for me. I've got a critical spirit." What's he he's admitting he's got a clog in his pipes. And the church said, "Now, you've all had pipes clogged up before at the sink." And the church said, "What do you got to do? Take it out or call the plumber." I just call the hanger. I take the hanger and pull it out there. That's what I do. Unless I can't get it, then I call the the plumber. But church, we all get sinks clogged up. We all get flu clogged up and so you have to unclog them. That's called repentance. And then the life you'll see, you'll feel the life flow down into you and then you'll see the praise of God, the worship, the prayer come right out of you. The life flowing through the temple of God and the church said, "Let's stand to our feet." I thought it'd be a good topic for communion today by God's grace. Musicians can How many love the word? How many love the message of the hour? Praise God. I love it. I love it. Amen. I love it.
