################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - (6-15-25) David's Battle Against David, Pt. 3 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-15
Title:    (6-15-25) David's Battle Against David, Pt. 3 - Jesse Smith
Speaker:  Jesse Smith
Church:   Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 22m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9EV9bm25WA
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
The Bible said, "The worship of the Lord is calmly. It's beautiful. It's peaceful." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We've been looking at this thought here the last few uh services. I think I maybe I can finish it today. Maybe not. Might have to go another uh sermon on this topic here by God's grace. But I'd like to look at uh this thought again of David's battle. He was battling the iniquity inside of him. He was battling the sin nature inside of him. That was his biggest enemy was himself. Hallelujah. Uh so let's read that here. Uh by God's grace just writing down a thought I had while I was praying. Okay, let's read that if we can. 1 2 3. For innumerable evils have compassed me about. Mine iniquities have taken hold upon me so that I am not able to look up. They are more than the hairs of mine head. Therefore my heart faileth me. Let's have a word of prayer. If you have a need on your heart, let's make it known unto God today. Father God, we thank you for today. Lord, you are a good, good father. Lord, we don't even have the words to really explain how awesome and how good you are. Lord, you're called heavenly father. You're called full of compassion. You're called rich in mercy. Lord, how can we even understand it? Lord, we can't always understand it, but we do believe it. Lord God, we're so thankful. We've seen your hand of mercy in our lives just time and time again, countless times extend to us. We want to thank you for being such a faithful father, Lord. Lord, maybe some of us had faithful fathers and we rejoice in that today. Some of us maybe didn't, Lord God. So Lord, may each one of us though recognize the amazing work of our heavenly father today, Lord God, and be grateful and give you thanks and praise in your house. For this is the house of God. This is the house of prayer, Lord. And we came out this morning to give you the glory and give you the thanks for all the blessings you've been swed upon us, Lord God. The greatest being that you've forgiven all of our sins, Lord God, which David said are like the number of the hairs of mine head. So, Father, we give you the glory and honor and praise today. We worship you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. May you meet all the needs and the church said, "Amen." God bless you as you're being seated. Praise God. God is good. Hallelujah. So, I want to just uh pick up kind of where we left off on Wednesday. We've been looking at uh David battle against himself. Uh we know Paul said the same thing. Paul said, "When I want to do good, evil's right there with me." He said, "And sometimes I do what I hate instead of what I know is right." He said, "Oh, wretched man that I am." He said, "But thanks be to God who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ." Hallelujah. And the very next verse, he says, "There is now therefore no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus." Amen. Who walk after the spirit and not after the flesh. Church, you've come to the house of God. Let's believe God's word. Let's walk after the spirit. Praise God. Hallelujah. Because there's no condemnation to them that are in Christ. Hallelujah. How do you know you're in Christ? Because Christ is in you. Amen. Hallelujah. That's right. Hallelujah. His spirit is poured out. The Bible said, uh, the love of God is poured abundantly into your hearts by the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. So, we're thankful for God's grace today. I want to, uh, look at again David's life here. Now, I want to go to Psalm three. Uh, I'm sorry, Psalm 7:3, pardon me. Psalm 7:3. I want to read a few verses in here. I want to look at this here about I love how David was so honest. We know at least one time he hid his sins, right? He hid uh the murder and adultery. We know he he hid that. But many times we know David did not hide his sin. God, he would just go confess it to God. Hallelujah. Psalm 7:3. Oh Lord my God, if I have done this, if there be iniquity in my hands, if I have rewarded evil unto him that was at peace with me, yay, I have delivered him that without cause is my enemy. Let the enemy persecute my soul and take it. Yay, let him tread down my life upon the earth and lay mine honor in the dust. Sila. So I like what David David's saying, if I did wrong, Lord, I'll suffer the consequences. Hallelujah. Right? I love that because he was willing to be honest. If if if I need a spanking, I'll take it. Right? If I need chasing the Lord, then Lord, you do what you have to do. But also the other side's true. Lord, if I haven't done wrong, then deliver me from my enemies. Hallelujah. Amen. Now go down to verse eight. The Lord shall judge the people. Judge me, oh Lord, according to my righteousness. Here's the other side. Lord, if I haven't done wrong, then you be my judge between my enemies and me. according to mine integrity that is in me. Integrity is doing what's right. Hallelujah. Whether anyone's watching or not. Hallelujah. Oh, let the wickedness of the wicked come to an end. In other words, let the season end where I'm going through persecution and trials and all these things, but establish the just, for the righteousness of God tryth the hearts and the reign. So David knew my battles come to try me, to test me, to make me more like Christ. Hallelujah. Verse 10. My defense is of God. Hallelujah. Which saveth the upright in heart. So David knows if I'm guilty, I'll suffer it. But if not, Lord, you're my shield. Fight my battles. Give me the victory. Let me know there's victory ahead. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. And I love what David says here uh in Psalm 32:1 and two. A psalm of David Mazill. He said, "Blessed is he whose transgression is forgiven, whose sin is covered. Blessed is the man unto whom the Lord imputeth not iniquity, and in whose spirit there is no guile." God doesn't like pretenders. God doesn't like people who hide sin. Right? God God will fight against that. But if you humble yourself and acknowledge your sin, then God will forgive you and God will bless you for that. Hallelujah. Blessed is the man. See, in other words, just be honest about your sins. Hallelujah. And God will bless and forgive you and keep you on the path of righteousness. Now, let's let's look at what David said right after he was uh caught in murder and adultery. Let's go back to Psalm 51 for a moment. Let's review that. Psalm 51:1 to the chief musician of Psalm of David. When Nathan the prophet came unto him, after he had gone into Basheba, have mercy on me, oh God, according to thy loving kindness, according to the multitude of thy tender mercies, blot out my transgressions. So imagine being guilty of murder. Imagine being guilty of adultery. What's the first plea from a guilty person? Lord, I'm trusting in your loving kindness. Amen. You have to look outside yourself. You can't get redemption inside of yourself. You've got to look somebody. You got to look to somebody who has the power to redeem. Amen. And what's the power? It's the love of God. Hallelujah. That's why we sang that thy loving kindness is better than life. David says this on numerous occasions. The very first thing you have to appeal to is the love of God. Hallelujah. I wonder, let's read this and see if he ever rebukes Nathan for pointing out his sin. Let's see that. Sometimes we get mad if somebody points out of our sin. David didn't do that. Hallelujah. Now, it all depends on the spirit that they bring it in. But I want you to see here. Does he ever bring up Nathan? No. Nathan was God's tool to bring him back to himself, to bring him back to living in integrity. There it is. Amen. Hallelujah. You got to look at that. God uses people in your life to bring you back to the state of integrity. Amen. Because God doesn't want you to pretend. God wants you to be you. Hallelujah. God wants you to be who he made you to be. Amen. Verse two, wash me thorly from my iniquity and cleanse me from sin. In other words, it's not going to it's not just a simple prayer. God, forgive me of my iniquity. You got to say, God, I really need I really want to die out to be forgiven. Amen. Wash me thoroughly. Anybody ever had a really bad stain in your clothes? It just won't come out. You can't do it was with one wash. Now, some I spilled I think I spilled pizza sauce on these a few weeks ago. I just put a little water on there and they're gone. Well, I was lucky. I'll say like that. I was fortunate. But there's some there's some stains you can't do that. It's going to take further washing. My wife says sometimes you got to put chalk on it and stuff like that. Sometimes you got to put extra soap on there. Maybe it's got to be cold water or something like that. There's special instructions. And David said it's going to take more than just a superficial prayer. It's going to take a dying out to self. Hallelujah. Amen. Uh-huh. Wash me thorly for my iniquity. Remember, what is iniquity? It's wickedness or lawlessness when you already know it's wrong. Hallelujah. And David said, remember I went back to that scripture. Everybody touch your hair one time. David said, "Mine iniquities are like the hairs of mine head." Everybody averages about a 100,000 hairs right now. That's a lot of sin. But David said, "God, you can take all that away if I just if I just let you wash me thoroughly." Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. And doesn't the Bible say Jesus knows every one of the numbers of your hairs of your head? Amen. And that was in I care for you. That's in the context of I care for you. I know all the hairs of your head. In other words, and the same is true for the other side. I know all your sins, but I'm still faithful to wash them. Hallelujah. Amen. Because I'm greater than your sin. Hallelujah. My love, my innocence, my purity, my precious holy blood of my son is greater than your sins. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank God. Verse three. For I acknowledge my transgression, and my sin is ever before me. Against thee. Thee only have I sinned and done this evil in thy sight, that thou mightest be justified when thou speakest, and be clear when thou judge. See, this is how you get forgiven by God. You justify God. You you declare how great God is and you sh you say and share how wicked you are. Verse five, behold, now look, I like I like what David, he goes back to this. He said, God, thank you for your loving kindness. Wash me thoroughly, but Lord, I was shapen in iniquity. In other words, I have a sin element in my members. I have a sin nature that's built into me. and in sin did my mother conceive me. In other words, the sin nature of my parents passed unto me. Right? We saw with Abraham and Isaac. What was Abraham's main sin? Lying. It passed right into Isaac. Isaac lied about his wife as well. Hallelujah. So, a lot of the sins of our parents come down to us. But that doesn't mean we just accept them. We say, "God, wash me thy." Praise God. Wash me thoroughly from my sin. Don't let me have a superficial pretending Christianity. Let me have no guile. Let me have integrity. Let me be clean before you. I confess my sin. I acknowledge my sin. And you are faithful to forgive me of my sins. Amen. Glory. Verse six. Behold, thou desires. What does God desire? He just desires truth in your heart. That's all he desires. Just be true. Just tell the truth. And in the hidden part, thou shalt make me to know wisdom. So see, once you can confess all your sins and be true to God, then God will give you wisdom. Purge me with hissup and I shall be clean. Remember, hissup was a common weed. Brother calls that common faith. In other words, you can have common faith. If I confess my sins, then I know God's going to forgive me. It's very common. God is faithful to forgive. God is pleased. God is willing very easily to pardon our sins if we'll tell the truth. Amen. Glory. Wash me and I'll be whiter than snow. Hallelujah. Verse eight. Make me to hear joy and gladness that the bones which thou hast broken may rejoice. Sometimes God has to break our bones. Sometimes God has to break our hearts. Hallelujah. In order to humble us. Hallelujah. Whoever the Lord loves that he chastens. Hallelujah. Now I like verse nine. Hide thy face from my sins and blot out all my iniquities. Hallelujah. Every single one of them. Blot them all out. I'm here, Lord. I'm confessing my sin. Blot. Take everyone away. Make me whiter than snow. Amen. Verse 10. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Sometimes I don't think we really understand when we when we hear that song played over here, how we love it. But I sometimes we we don't understand that what that song's really about. Amen. Take away my murderous heart. Amen. Take away my adulterous heart. Amen. And give me a a clean spirit. Amen. Give me a heart that wants the best for my enemy. That wants the right attitude towards men or women. Give me that kind of heart. That's what I need. And don't take your spirit from me. Let the spirit stay upon me. Hallelujah. Glory. Prayer from a murderer, an adulterer created me a clean heart. I'll say like this. Is anything too hard for God? Amen. No. Nothing's too hard for God. So God can create a clean heart. Hallelujah. God will restore the joy of your salvation. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Verse 11. Cast me not away from thy presence and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation, and uphold me with thy free spirit. Then will I teach transgressors thy way. See, then you can help somebody else when you know you're forgiven. Amen. Hallelujah. That's right. And sinners shall be converted to thee. Somebody's going to get saved if you get forgiven. Amen. Hallelujah. If you accept God's grace, then God will allow you to be used to save somebody else. Hallelujah. Glory. Go to Psalm 65:1. I'm going to stop there as far as that chapter. Psalm 65:1. I got a ways to go, but I'm not going to get there. To the chief musician, a psalm and song of David, praise waited for thee, oh God in Zion. Is that how you felt today? When you were at home, do you say, "God, I got a song I'm going to sing. I can't wait to get to your house. I'm going to praise you when I get there." That's how David thought, "I can't wait, Lord. I got to worship. I've got a song special when I get to your house. I thought I'd sing one to my heavenly father today. Hallelujah. Cuz I read this this morning. Glory. He says, "Praise waits for you, oh God, and unto thee shall be the vow be performed. I'll keep my promises." Oh, thou that hearest prayer, unto thee shall all flesh come. Go down to verse three. Iniquities prevailed against me. As for our transgressions, thou shalt purge them away. So, I want you to see verse three. See, church, when you do a sin you know is wrong. What happened is you lost the battle. You gave into the spirits you lost. You you set down you set down your your shield. You set down your sword and you let the enemy wound you. You were prevailed against. You lost. But you don't have to stay a loser. Amen. That's the beauty of Christianity. David didn't have to stay a loser to murder and adultery. He could overcome. and say, "God, help me to pick up the joy of my salvation. Help me to pick up the helmet of salvation and put it back on, and I'll never do it again." Amen. Hallelujah. So, we got to admit, oh, the flesh prevailed against me, or I gave into the enemy, but he doesn't have to prevail anymore. Hallelujah. God is my uh defense. God is my fortress. Hallelujah. That's right. I love verse four. Verse verse four speaks of predestination. Blessed is the man whom thou chooses. Amen. And causes to approach unto thee. I didn't go choosing God. God chose me. Amen. Uhhuh. I wasn't looking for God. God came looking for me. Amen. And it wasn't my great holiness that made me want to come to church. It was God that brought me to church. Amen. Amen. Just like Lot, the angels had to pull him out of Sodom. Same thing for all of us. The Bible said God chose us and then he caused us to come to the house of God. He's the great shepherd. He left the 99 to go get the one. Amen. Oh yes, sir. That he may dwell where? In thy courts, the house of God. Church, we don't really understand how blessed we are to be in the church. You could be a lot of other places, a lot of low, dirty, dark places, but today you're in the house of the heavenly father. Amen. Why? Because he chose me. He invited me. It's just like the Shulamite and Solomon. Solomon's out there on his charity. He's not married. He's a single man. You know, he's an outstanding great man. And he sees down a little uh shepherd girl. And she said, "Oh, I'm just black and calmly. Who am I? My my uh my my family sent me out here with the shepherds." Something caught his eye. I see something beautiful there. She doesn't see it in herself, but I see it in her. That's what Christ saw in you. Amen. You were nothing to yourself. You were just forgotten. Nobody special. But God saw his love in you. Praise God. He saw something he learned. And then Solomon invites her. Come, my darling. Come. We're going to get you cleaned out for a year. We're going to go all through these processes just like Esther. And then you're going to be mine. You're going to be my bride. I'm choosing you. I'm causing you to come to the temple. Hallelujah. That's what Jesus did for us. He's calling us to the new Jerusalem. Hallelujah. Oh my. Glory to God. I didn't earn it. If I can quote the song, I don't deserve it. Still, he gives himself away. Oh, the precious love of God. Verse five. By terrible things in righteousness will thou answer us, oh God, of our salvation. Who art the confidence of all the earth of the uh I'm sorry. Yeah, confidence of all the earth. Praise God. I might have had a mistype on my copy and paste here. Now, let's go to Psalm 66:17. When I did church on Thursday and Friday when I studied, I went through every time the word iniquity was used in Psalm to see how did David use all the word iniquity all throughout his life, all the songs that he wrote. It'd be like going through all of Austin's songs and saying, "How did Austin use iniquity? How did or all Haven's poems?" Haven's got like three books of poems. Where's Haven? There she is. And if I had a word search, it'd be like that. I'll type in a computer. Uh, let me look up little Lee in Haven's uh poems. That's our chicken that we love. But that's kind of what I did. I just How would a man who is after the heart of God, how would he talk about his iniquity? He would confess his iniquity. That's what David did. Psalm 66:E1 17, I cried unto him with my mouth. You got to say something. God wants you to hear you say it. And he was extolled with my tongue. If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me. See, that's how you know your prayers are not going to be answered if you don't confess your iniquity. But if you just confess it, then you've got confidence he's going to hear my prayer. I may have to wait till next week or next month or next year or the next decade. But it doesn't matter because I'm waiting on the Lord and he'll renew my strength like the eagle. But we know for sure David knew God's not going to hear me if I keep iniquity in my heart. Why you hiding it? Just get rid of it. Let's not be aching. Let's not hide it. Let's confess it. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's bring blessing upon our house. Amen. Achan brought curses on his house. Let's not bring curses. Let's expose the evil. Let's tell God about it. And he's faithful to and just to forgive us of all iniquity. That's right. Now, Psalm 78:37, Psalms 387, I'm sorry, Psalm 78:37, pardon me. for their heart was not right with him. Speaking of Israel out in the wilderness, neither were they steadfast in his covenant. See, church, there's something to be said for faithfulness. God wants us steadfast. Just stay with it. Don't give up. Don't quit. Just stay with it. Be faithful. Hallelujah. Amen. That's right. Verse 38. But he So God's looking at Israel. Remember, most of them sinned 10 times in the wilderness and then God shut all that were 20 and older. God shut them out of the promised land except Joshua and Caleb. He put up with all their complaining, all their tempting, all their idolatry. He put up with it most of it for a point and they said that's it, right? But what did God do? Even verse 38, but he being full of compassion. Hallelujah. Forgave their iniquity. Church, you got to understand that when you're confessing your sin, God is just full of compassion. And church, he never changes. That means he can't lose any compassion. Amen. He can't lose any love. If he express love to you, he doesn't lose love. He still got it. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. He's a unceasing fountain flowing with compassion and love and mercy and truth and grace. It's freely flowing out. And we just have to acknowledge our sin. And that love will flow unto us. Oh my. He's full of it. Full of compassion. And he forgave their iniquity and destroy them not. Hallelujah. Yay. Many a time turned he his anger away, and did not stir up all of his wrath. For what did God remember? That they were just flesh. A wind that passes away and cometh not again. And isn't that what the book of James says? Lord, uh, remind us that we're just like a flower. Today it's here. Tomorrow it's gone. How many little beautiful flowers have we enjoyed these last few months? Well, where are they now? They're gone. That's what your life is. So, let's use this life for the glory of God. Amen. Let's remember he's full of compassion. Hallelujah. Psalm 85:1. To the chief musician, a psalm for the sons of Kora. Lord, thou has been favorable unto thy land. Thou has brought back the captivity of Jacob. Thou has forgiven the iniquity of thy people. Thou has covered all their sin. Silah. So think about that. All the 10 sins of the whole community. And then all the sins down in Egypt, God looked at that and he forgave that by the blood of bulls and goats. And we have better blood than the blood of bulls and goats. Amen. We the life of the bull and goat could not come upon the believer, but the life of Christ can come upon you and I. Hallelujah. And then the Bible said we have can have no more conscience for sin. In other words, you'll start living so close to God, you don't even remember you did some of those things. May God help us to have somebody to have that today. Praise God. You you believe God's promises so much you that the devil can't even remind you. Amen. Amen. Because the spirit of God has so cleansed your conscience that you know you're a child of God and you've got a faithful heavenly father who's covered all your sins and he's full of compassion. Amen. He chose me and he called me to come worship him in his house. Amen. Glory. Now, if you would put up uh Romans 4:16. I don't want to forget this. I mentioned this at the end of last Sunday's service. I just thought as I was preparing, I better read that one because I mentioned it. I wanted wanted everybody to catch this here. 4:16. Now before you go to before we read 16, go back to verse five. But to him that workketh not, but believeth on him that justifith the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness. Even as David also described the blessedness of the man, unto whom God imputth righteousness without works. See, God makes you righteous without you doing anything. All you have to do is confess your sins. Brother said, all you have to do is meet the conditions of the Bible. If you meet God's conditions, he'll forgive you. Amen. And what's the con what's the condition? Repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and ye shall receive the Holy Ghost. Amen. That's right. Without works. Verse seven, saying, "Blessed are they whose iniquities are forgiven and whose sins are covered. Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin." Think of the thousands of sins in David's life and our life. And brother Ram even talked about it as well. We'll read that soon. All the thousands of sins. And yet God will not impute one of them to you. Church, it's a clean slate. If there ever was a clean slate, it's a clean slate from God Almighty. Hallelujah. That's how much he forgives us. Now the Bible says this is not only to Abraham because in verse 9 and 10 11 he talks about was this just on the circumcision or unc uncircumcision. He says it's on both. Let let's go to verse 13. For the promise that he should be the heir of the world was not to Abraham or to his seed through the law but through the righteousness of faith. Verse 16. Therefore, if is if it is a faith, then it might be by grace to the end the promise might be sure to all the seed. Hallelujah. Amen. If God forgave Abraham, then God was going to forgive all of Abraham's seed. That's a promise. It'd be like you if you had billions of dollars. Well, and you and before you died, you said, "Okay, this is going to my seed and then and my children, then my grandchildren all the way down. It's in writing. It's my will. everybody's going to get it. Well, God does better than that. He knows money doesn't satisfy. So, he said, "I'll give you forgiveness." Hallelujah. I'll give forgiveness to every generation, every generation of Abraham's seed. And it's sure. It's a sure thing. You can't question it. You can't doubt it. Forgiveness for all iniquity is given freely to all of Abraham's seed. Thank God. Thank God. Hallelujah. It's sure, church. Tomorrow's not sure. Brother said that many times. Anybody could die tonight, could die tomorrow. We're not even tomorrow is sure, but forgiveness is sure. I'm going to have forgiveness tomorrow, brother Nia. It's sure to all the seed. And I'm a seed child of Abraham through faith in Jesus Christ, my Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh my. Glory to God. So I just want you to see that it's God forgave all their iniquity and he'll do the same for the Gentiles and it's sure it's a sure thing to Abraham's seed. All you have to do is confess your sin. Hallelujah. That's right, church. Psalm 103 is one of the most beautiful psalms I've ever read. Verse one, a psalm of David. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all them that and all that is within me, bless his holy name. Church, when was the last time you left this church and you said, "I blessed God with everything I had." Or do you save some for Wednesday? We need some times where we give God everything we had. A lot of times I walk out of here, especially on a Wednesday night, I'll walk out of there and say, "I know I gave everything I had. That's all I got. I'm going to try not to collapse on the drive home." Right? That's what David said. I gave him everything in the house of God. When I start sweating, I know I'm brothers, I'm getting pretty close to giving everything I got here, right? All that's within me. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Forget not. Don't forget. Don't let the devil cause you to forget all the benefits of being a Christian. Praise God. Don't let him distract you and look at other things. Stop looking at that. Look at God's promise. Hallelujah. I won't forget it. That's what David said. So many distractions out there. You can forget about things, but let's not forget what God promised. Amen. You're my son. You get an inheritance. You got benefits. Don't forget about them. Praise God. How many times I do this all the time. How many times you look in your bag, you're like, "Oh, I got a gift card here. I've had this for like six months." You forgot your benefits. Church, let's take out your your spiritual book bag. Let's look for some spiritual gift cards in there. Mercy, I've got all this free forgiveness. I got all this joy. I just got to go cash it in. Hallelujah. I won't I sometimes I forget, but God help me not forget all the benefits you've given to me. Praise God. Oh my. That's right. Who forgiveth some of thine iniquities. No, I said that wrong. All thine iniquities. That means every time you said, I don't care what the word says. I'm giving into my flesh. God will forgive that every single time. Amen. That's a God who's full of compassion. Who health health all thy diseases. Amen. Uhhuh. Trust in the Lord with all your heart. Lean not to your own understanding. Praise God. Who redeemth thy life from destruction. who crowneth thee with loving kindness and tender mercy. So Mali, just sit right there. So God comes by and he puts a crown on him of loving kindness. You're the ruler of loving kindness. See, that way you can extend it to other people. Amen. Amen. And not only that, I'm going to give you that. I'm also going to give you tender mercies. You're crowned with it. You're the king of having mercy on me, especially you having mercy on me. I always use him as examples in the church. That's what he crowns your life with. Hallelujah. Let me tell a few stories here quickly. I'm not going to say quickly. I'm going to take my time today. Praise God. We only got one service today. What am I worried about? Praise God. I'm gonna stop looking at that clock. You know, over the years, we've had a lot of people come in and out, and I've been in contact with numerous people, many people. And church, some of these situations with their fathers have really stood out to me or just being a father. You know, I think I've told the story before with me. You know, my dad divorced my mom when I was 13. Uh, and I I remember I wasn't a Christian yet. So, I remember I I you know, I wrote the date on a door. You know, I wrote the date on a door. And I thought, well, if uh my hero at that time was Bo Jackson, a a famous baseball football player. I said, if Bo Jackson could become a professional player uh without a dad, well, I could do it, too. And I almost got there. I got to the college, but I never got to the pros. But see, I had my eyes on the wrong example. Jesus wasn't my example. But I grew up hating my dad until I became a Christian. And then when I became a Christian, my dad had moved away. He'd run from the family. Uh this was uh five years later I was no uh I would have been 19. Six years later I became a Christian and I wrote him a letter. That's before cell phones everybody before cell phones. I we had to write letters actual handwritten letters back in the old days. And as I'm writing I still remember I said I started crying. I said God I said Dad I love you and I forgive you that you left me. Amen. And it's just become clear to me over the years. If I've been forgiven of hundreds of thousands of sins and I can like feel them. If I've been How can I not extend that forgiveness to somebody else? Praise God. If you know what forgiveness is like, then you can extend it to others. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. That's why Jesus said, "If you can't forgive others, I'm not going to forgive you." Amen. Uhhuh. I've had two brothers in particular, fine brothers, some of the finest friends I've ever probably had in my life. One brother wasn't a really a a believer. He was I think he was a sinner when he had his little children. But then when he grew up, he came in the message and for years he let the devil beat him up. Look what you look, you didn't train your your oldest children, your oldest child. You didn't train them the way you should have. And I remember him coming to the altar and I'm like, "Brother," he's crying. I'm like, "Brother, this is guilt from Satan." The Bible said, and I don't know if I said this, but I said, "God forgives all your iniquities." And I said, "Brother, here's what you do. You go to your oldest child and say, I'm sorry for the sins that I did and list them." Hallelujah. Amen. And then and then say, "Forgive me." And if they forgive you, then it's it's over. You don't have to live under the guilt of your sins anymore. And he did that. And he felt better by God's grace. Now, the devil comes back every now and then and brings it back on you. What do you got to do? You got to cast down that lying devil. He's the father of lies. He lies all the time. You don't have to believe a liar. Amen. Amen. You don't have to believe somebody who lies for a living. That's what the devil does. Amen. But our God is the God of truth. Hallelujah. Amen. And church. And then if that child then holds it against them, that father for doing that, then shame on that child. It's sin in their heart because that person did everything Jesus said. When you've do when you've done something wrong, go confess your sin and then then go back to the house of God and offer your gift to God. That's all you got to do. Amen. Hallelujah. Do not live under the guilt of past sins if you've confessed them to someone. Amen. That's what Satan loves to do. Don't forget your gift card benefits. Look back there in your bag and pull out your gift card. Ah, I do got forgiveness. Hallelujah. For all the past sins, all my past, all my present, all my future sins are forgiven because he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And that's my benefit. Amen. Yes, sir. There's another brother. Now, he's kind of taking this the wrong way. This is my opinion. He felt bad, you know, about how he treated his children when they were young. And I said the same thing. You coming for prayer? I said, "Brother, just go to them and say you're sorry." But as we talked numerous times, he felt so bad for what he did that he let down the standards in the home. And then it causes the children to go astray. And the excuse is, well, I just want to be better friends with them. The best friend you can be is to tell someone what sin is and what righteousness is. Amen. That's the only kind of friend they need. Hallelujah. And if they complain about it, then they don't love God. Hallelujah. Amen. But that child is under your home, under your leadership. And see how the devil, you know, and so that proves the brother, the father never really accepted forgiveness. Because if he would accepted it, then he would have confessed to the children and then kept the standard. Now, let's all join hands. Let's all pray. Let's all try to live true to one another. Let's hold the standard of the gospel. Let's let the Holy Ghost keep us pure. Hallelujah. Instead of compromising and opening the gates and let the goats in the house. Hallelujah. Amen. And the last one I was praying these kind of came to my mind. So I didn't plan to preach it. So that's how I take it. That's the Lord telling me to preach this. Okay. That's just what I just trying to be humble about God's grace. The last one over the years I dealt with a brother and I said, "Brother," numerous times I said, "Brother, uh, oh yeah." And one time on, uh, Father's Day, I said, "Brother, you ought to text your father and tell him you love him." And he's like, "No, I can't do that." I said, "Brother, if you don't forgive him, it's going to come back and haunt you." Now, church, some of our dads have done awful things. I'm not saying you got to love everything they You don't have to love their sin, but you should have compassion on their soul. Amen. If you want to see somebody go to hell, you're probably not even saved. Amen. You should see want to see everybody repent of their sins and come back to God. And I told the individual as we went through the over the years that because you didn't forgive that person, then whenever somebody goes against you, you lash out at them because you still have sin a complex in your spirit and then you'll hold resentment. You'll hold things against them because you haven't forgiven the one at the beginning. Church, we should offer forgiveness freely. Shouldn't we be full of compassion if our father's full of compassion? Hallelujah. Amen. The Bible said, "Neither give place to the devil." If you don't forgive your dad or somebody, grandpa, mom, if you don't forgive them, you're given a place of Satan. Now, that's what was on my heart when I was praying. Hallelujah. He crowns you with loving kindness and mercy. See, you got the crown of loving kindness on. God can trust you to show loving kindness. God can trust you to show mercy to other people. I've had people tell me before, "Just go ahead and rebuke me, Brother Jesse." Guess what I do? I don't rebuke them. I just say, "Go confess your sin to the person you sinned against." I could have rebuked people. I'll let the Holy Ghost rebuke them. If you really feel sorry, you'll go confess to the person you sinned against if you really feel sorry about it. Verse five, who satisfaith thy mouth with good things, so that thy youth is renewed like the eagle. Verse eight, the Lord is merciful and gracious. He's slow to anger, plenteous in mercy. He will not always chide, neither will he keep his anger forever. For he hath not dealt with us after our sins, nor rewarding us us according to our iniquities. Did God punish you as much as you deserve? No, he didn't. Did David get punished as much as he deserved? No, he didn't. He should have died when he had committed adultery. He should have died when he had Uriah killed. But God didn't punish him as much as he deserved. We ought to be thankful today. We serve a God who's plenteous in mercy. We don't even get what we deserve for our our wickedness, our iniquities. Verse 11, for as high, I'm sorry, for as the heaven is high above the earth, so great is his mercy toward them that fear him. I thought that numerous times this summer. I've looked up that up up at that uh sorry I loo looked up that beautiful blue sky and I thought my Lord look how high that is. That's how high your mercy is towards me. Anybody uh can anybody touch the heavens? Anybody ever touch the moon? Huh? No. Nobody's ever touched the planets with your hand. You ever reach out and touch it? Well, neither can you grasp how much mercy God has on your life. Amen. How can God forgive me? We'll just try to reach up a little higher. That's how he can because it's beyond your grasp. Amen. It's something beyond human control. It's so I can hardly imagine. That's why I love that song. I can hardly think. I can hardly fail how much mercy God has to all those who will acknowledge their sin, confess their sin, and depart from iniquity. Amen. So great is his mercy toward them that fear him. As far as the east is from the west, so far he hath removed our transgressions from us. That means that means, you know, if you're in the east, when you get to the west, it's still beyond that. Praise God. For us, you got to go back. For us in the world, you got to keep going. It's just like an unending circle. It's like a maze. It's just a cycle of God's grace over soon as you get west and you got to go back east again. Praise God. You'll never You'll never reach the grasp of how great the love of God, how merciful and how much compassion and grace he has upon our lives. Amen. Cannot grasp it. Like as a father pityth his children, so the Lord pityth them that fear him. You ever pity your children? You know, I think Zion stubbed his toe a few week a few days ago and I was like, "Oh, I feel so sorry for this guy." Like, oh, it's almost like I could feel that because I stubbed my toe on the dishwasher. You know, I Oh, I feel pity for this guy or they fall down or you know, Victoria's falling down. And what what does a dad do? You see me in the parking lot? What do you run over there and pick her up? Bring her into the bathroom, wash it off. That's a father's pity. I don't look there and say, "Oh, you deserve that. That's what you deserve, Victoria." Or, "Caris, that's what you deserve. Z, you deserve that. Haha." No. And how much more would God do that for us, right? When we fall down and skin our knees spiritually, God rushes over and say, "Oh, come here. Let me clean you up. Confess your sins. Let's get this cleaned out. Let's get feeling better." Praise God. No. If you got parents that don't run to you, well, just pray for them. But God is the ultimate parent. Brother Ram said, "We're part I just listened to it yesterday." Brother Ram said, "We're part of the masterpiece family." It's the better version of Adam and Eve. That was the masterpiece. But then Satan got in there. But brother said, "God's bringing us back to a Garden of Eden condition." Hallelujah. In the new Jerusalem, the future hope. And Christ is going to have a masterpiece, family, unity, one accord. Holiness, obedience, eternal love. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. As a father pies his children, so the Lord pityth them that fear them. I mean, I just think of some examples in your life. When my children cry for water, what do I do? I pull over and buy some water if I don't got any. And I said this wrong last year in Kentucky. I I I think I just regret it all the time. I said, I love to spoil my children. And I was just in a like a laughing mood. I wish I would not have said that. But the point is, I love to be good to my children. I don't think I spoil them, but I really want to be good to them. You know, I didn't have as much nice things when I was growing up. So, the fact that I can have some nice things and give to them, it just makes me so happy. Amen. Why not have a little fruit strip every now and then? Why not? Hey, it's Monday night. Why not? Everybody gets two scoops of ice cream. Why not? I love my children. That don't happen every night. hasn't happened for a long time. Actually, I did a couple I think I did last Monday. But like I just look on them and I just want them to be happy and give them a something to be happy about. Make their life happier because they make my life happy. Hallelujah. Right. And that and if that's me, what about God? Amen. Amen. What about when you get a check in the mail and you don't deserve it? Praise God. Amen. What about when God answers a prayer and didn't seem like it was going to be possible? God brought healing or God made a way when it didn't seem there was going to be a way. It's because he loves his children. Hallelujah. He pennies us. Praise God. You got to look at that. Sometimes, church, if you're at the altar or you're crying, "Oh, God, get me through this difficult time." God looks down in compassion. Oh, the answer's coming, brother. Or the answer's coming, my son. You just keep trusting. I pity you. I care about you. I'm going to do it in my time and season. That's right. He looks down on love like, "Oh, that's my job." Hallelujah. Just like I taught him. Just like I taught her. Cry out to me and I'll answer. Amen. Hallelujah. Call upon me and I'll deliver you. Hallelujah. Glory. That's right. Verse ah 14. For he knoweth our frame. He remember that we are dust. As for man, his days are as grass as a flower of the field, so he flourisheth. For the wind passes overth, and it's gone, and the place thereof shall know it no more. I was looking through my old pictures a few days ago. I thought, my I had no white hair, and now I've almost got a white goatee, the flower passing away. Hallelujah. So enjoy that nice hair, buddy, church. It f goes fast. Goes fast. It also made me so happy. I saw these pictures with my children and all such happy times. I remember God God has to help us remember all of our benefits. Hallelujah. That's right. For he knoweth our frame and remember that we are dust, the flesh. As for man, his days. Okay. Verse 16. For the wind passes over. I'm no I'm sorry. Go to 17. But the mercy of the Lord is from everlasting to everlasting upon them that fear him, and his righteousness unto his children's children. My grandpa Garza prayed for my grandmother when she was dead in the hospital, and God raised her from the dead. Hallelujah. And all and he gave up. He he was a he was alcoholic and and and my grandma almost divorced him. But one night he found himself staggered. He he came into the service drunk and he found himself somehow after the preaching singing he come up to the altar. He gave his heart to the Lord and instantly he was sober. Amen. That's my grandpa. Amen. And I'm my grandpa's children's children. Amen. And now the righteousness that my grandpa lived is upon me. Hallelujah. Amen. And I preached the gospel for 25 years and I'll keep preaching it by the grace of God. And so the righteousness of Christ will be on me and my children and their children. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes. It's the power of God. It's God's mercy from everlasting to everlasting on them that fear the Lord. Amen. Now, my grandpa's got three preachers. I always like to say that. My mom's got three preachers. Maybe some more. Hallelujah. That's what we need by God's grace to such as keep his covenant to those that remember his commandments to do them. Not talk about them. Not just hear him preach, but go home and do them. Amen. The Lord hath prepared his throne in the heavens, and his kingdom ruleth over all. Bless, bless the Lord, ye his angels that excel in strength, that do his commandments. Hearken unto the voice of his word. Bless ye the Lord, all ye his hosts, ye ministers of his that do his pleasure. Bless the Lord all his works in all places of dominion. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Church, I also found out this week there's iniquities that have dominion over you and then there's iniquities that don't have dominion over you. Psalm 119 verse 133. Everybody got your Bible. There are some iniquities if people don't confess them, they will those de those iniquities will have dominion. they will rule their life like drug addiction like right all these things we're talking about uh sexual perversion all these things even bitterness even fear people can just live under uh the depression or a spirit of fear and that has dominion over them hallelujah what was it Psalm 119 133 119 133 big big numbers there chapter in the Bible Psalm 119 biggest song ever written Order my steps in thy word. In other words, let me step from word to word to word to word. In other word, I only step if I'm stepping on the word. Praise God. Amen. I'm not going to step in the permissive will of God. I'm only going to step if I've got a scripture to step on. Amen. Praise God. Yes. Like I said with that father, well, I'll just let the girls wear a little bit of makeup. You stepped out of the word. Amen. Hallelujah. Uh-huh. I'll just let them watch a little bit of the Super Bowl. I'll let them watch a little bit of them dirty movies. You stepped outside the word. Your steps are not ordered in the word anymore. Hallelujah. And let not any iniquity have dominion over me. Well, David said, "I got 100,000 iniquities, but not all of them had a dominion over him." In other words, they all didn't turn into like a daily complex. I every day I lose to this church is if we if we got that problem, it's time to confess our sins. It's time to seek God for deliverance. It's time to pray and fast until that demon comes off you. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Because some demons only come out by prayer and fasting. I heard a story from uh Sydney Jackson. If you know brother Ram's tapes, he was a a a big supporter of Brother Ram. He's from South Africa. He said there was a sister that came to Brother Bam and said, "Uh, I I can't read. I want to be able to read." And Brother Bam prayed for her and Brother told her, "You go fast and pray so you can read the Bible." That's all she wanted. Now, church, what are we praying and fasting for? She just wants to be able to. And you and I have the privilege of having we have it here or here. There's Lydia. We got to hear here. We can read the Bible anywhere and and it becomes common to us. But she's like, "Brother Bam, prophet of God, I just want to read the Bible." Brother Bam said, "Pray and fast about it." I just listened to the story this week. She prayed and fasted. I forget how many, might have been a year. And one day while she's praying, she looked over at her Bible and she just could start reading it. Amen. From South Africa. And then after that, she's rejoicing. She goes in the kitchen and tries to read the newspaper and the cookbook. She can't read that. God only let her read the Bible. Amen. And the church said, "Amen." Ah, if that's all that God did for her, that's enough. Hallelujah. Cuz now she can read all the benefits that God has for her. Hallelujah. Now she can remember all the benefits God did. What gift cards do I got? I hope next time I hope on the drive home, you think about all your gift cards you got. Brother Austin, I got one for you, buddy. I've been I've had this up here for a while. I'm giving this to you after service. But that's it. I didn't even plan that. I was preaching on gift cards. I didn't realize it was in there. I'm giving you that, buddy. Amen. Cuz I know you've done Door Dash before. That's right. Now, see, some of them are going to have dominion over you. You got to pray and fast. When was the last time you prayed and fasted to be free from this said sin? When was it that important for you to have integrity? When was when was it that important for you to have integrity before God and a fear of God that you'd pray and fast for deliverance? Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. So, just keep that in mind. David had 100,000, but not all of them had dominion. Oh, just one day I struggle with this. I don't struggle with it for a while. Oh, that might struggle there. See, it didn't have dominion. Hallelujah. Psalm 130, chapter 130, verse one. These are all David's insights. I know this church loves David here. Praise God. Sight and sound David, too. Verse one, a song of degrees. Out of the depths have I cried unto thee, oh God. See, it wasn't just like, oh God, can you help me? It's like, God, I need you. The deep cause to the deep. Praise God. I need something, God. I got to have it. This is from the depths of my soul. Yes. Hallelujah. That's how David prayed. Lord, hear my voice. Let thine ears be attentive to the voice of my supplication. If thou, Lord, should mark iniquities, Lord, who shall stand. Would brother Brandham stand if God marked iniquities? No. Would David stand? No. See, it's a rhetorical question. Nobody's going to be good enough to make it to heaven on your own. Hallelujah. If God marked all the times I made mistakes, it'd be like this. It'd be like there's a lot of them, huh? And and so, so David had the realization, wow, God just God God can't uh God can't remember all those. It's got to be all or nothing. Praise God. Hallelujah. It's got to be all or nothing. And so God takes all the marks. The Bible said everything that was written against you was nailed to the cross. Amen. Right? It's paid for. Bam. Bam. Bam. All the list. All the marks against you. The cross is paying for this. Hallelujah. And then you can take that receipt. Say you've got God's receipt. And you can say, "Look, devil, it's paid for. My forgiveness is paid for. Paid in full." Hallelujah. Look, devil, it is finished. Hallelujah. All my iniquities forgiven and all my diseases healed. Ah, I got the receipt. Hallelujah. That's right, church. That's right. Verse four. But there is forgiveness with God. See, other people might not forgive you, but God will forgive you. Right, brother Arley? Some people may never forgive you, but God will forgive you. Hallelujah. Right, brother Andy? Some of us were so our past is we're so ashamed of our past. Other people might they might battle evil spirits, but we know God gives us forgiveness. Amen. Hallelujah. And that's why we can walk in the freedom of the Holy Spirit. That's why we can be crowned with loving kindness. We can be kind to our wives even when they're not kind to us. Hallelujah. Because we're crowned. God put that crown on us. You're the You're the king of loving kindness, brother. You're the king of mercy. Don't the Bible say we're kings and priests unto God? See, in other words, what does that mean? That means you you have dominion over sin and you're able to express mercy and loving kindness to others. You've conquered that sin. Oh, there it is. Amen. You've conquered that. You've defeated that spirit. And now God's crowned you. You've overcome that. And now you can offer love. You can offer forgiveness because you've fought the battle. You've overcome. You've fought the good fight of faith. And you're a conqueror in Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh my. Hallelujah. But there is forgiveness with thee, that thou mayest be feared. All right, I think I'm going to close with this here. I got I'm going to get down to closing. I can tell when everybody starts to get a little more quiet, little bit of tiredness. Amen. So, let me try to find a place to close, which is about 15 or 30 more minutes, just in case you're new here. This one really struck me. I meant to preach this in part one, but I never got to it. So, I trust it's the Lord's leading for today. Proverbs 16:6. Will you pull up there, hun? Proverbs 16:6. Let me show you how iniquity gets cleaned out of your life. I've preached off and on on it, but let me just show you a scripture. You can take this scripture to the bank of heaven. Hallelujah. Didn't God say, "Prove me with your tithes and offerings." Didn't he say that? You can pay your tithe and offerings to God and say, "God, you said prove me." Amen. Right? Like I told brother Chris, I said, uh, we went to that scripture on the Bible study on, was it Friday night? I said, "Jesus Christ is the high priest of your profession. Whatever you say." Hallelujah. You confess the promise. You confess what you have need of. And Jesus will make intercession for your promise. I'm sorry, for your confession of his promise. Amen. Hallelujah. And this is the scripture you can take. If you need deliverance from iniquity, here's your verse to use. You can say, "God, you told me in your word that my iniquity is purged through these three steps." Hallelujah. Amen. It's so simple. I thought, man, how do I get purged? What's the word purge mean? The word purge means to cover, to make an atonement. Atonement means to make one again. If you have two companies or parties that are opposite or are not in in a in a in accord, atonement means you make them one again. So your sin separates you and God. But atonement brings you back together. To purge means to cover. Purge make reconciliation. to cover with pitch to coat to pacify the anger of God. Right? To satisfy the anger of God. God's no longer sat no God's no longer angry at me. It means to atone for sin by legal rights. Right? I love how Ray Comfort gives that example. If you got a speeding ticket, which I don't recommend you get one because I've had three over the last few years and man, I'm ashamed of myself. That's why I drive like a grandma. I don't care if people honk behind me. I'm like, just go. I'm go. I'm just fine right here. You just wait now. That's what I say. They're like, who is this dude? I'm not getting another ticket. I'm not You're gonna have to wait. Hallelujah. I forgot what I was going to say. Oh, yeah. Now, if you're Ray Comfort, so I got a choice. I can either pay it online or I can go into the court now. Let's let's let's say I don't have any money. And I'm like, I got to go into the court. I'm like, judge. He's like, yeah, present your case. Uh, I was going 55 and a 35. That's what I did to you. I'm ashamed of myself. He said, okay, got to pay the fine. I I don't have any money, judge. Okay, lock him up over $200 or whatever it was. All of a sudden, they get ready to lock you up. All of a sudden, uh, somebody says, "Uh, judge, excuse me, judge. I'll pay his fine." I look, turn around. Who is it? It's Jesus. Jesus like, "Here, I got the $200. Pay the fine." He's like, "All right, thank you. I'm satisfied. The legal penaltyy's been paid. Now you go free. That's what Jesus did for our sins. Hallelujah. Amen. We couldn't pay for our sin debt. Jesus came and paid the wages of death. Hallelujah. Amen. He paid the wage of death and now you can go free legally. The price has been paid. It's finished. Hallelujah. You and I are free men and women today. Praise God. So, can't we offer that to somebody else? Amen. Amen. Oh, it's easy to take it for you, but now give it to somebody else. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen, buddy. Hallelujah. I like that. Glory. I like when the little ones get preaching. So, here's the three steps. First, you must accept God's mercy. Listen, church. Judas's Scariot wouldn't accept it. He's like, "How could God have mercy on me? I betrayed him." So, he wouldn't accept the mercy of God. You have to say, "God, I believe you'll have mercy on me." Church, how many times have I said that, "Lord, if you forgave Moses at a murder, if you forgave David and all his sins, if you forgave Abraham, surely you'll forgive me." Amen. Because I haven't I haven't done those things. Uhhuh. Right. By mercy, you have to accept God's mercy. And then truth. This is the truth of confessing your sins. Judas never went to conf and told Jesus the truth. He should have went and said, "I'm sorry. I wanted money more than your fellowship. Forgive me. He should have said that. But he wouldn't go tell Jesus the truth. By mercy and truth is iniquity purged. You accept God's mercy and you tell the truth. All the truth. Don't whitewash it. Don't try to say, "Well, it kind of my it was your fault. It wasn't kind of. It was all my fault. Praise God. Don't blame anybody else. Blame yourself. Praise God. Amen. And then what's the verse say? By mercy and truth, iniquity is purged. And here's the third. Then you depart and by the fear of the Lord, men depart from it. Then you walk right away from it. That's what brother Ram said. They asked Brother Ram in questions and answers 64. He said, "What do you what if you have a betting sin?" And brother Ram says, 'Well, remember you do the opposite. Brother Ram said, "Your bees setting sin is like a rattlesnake or some mama." He said, 'You don't have to keep fighting against it. He said, "Just walk away from it." Amen, Lord. Hallelujah. Why are you fighting with it? Why you playing with Don't focus on the snake. Amen. Don't focus on the devil. Don't focus on the sin. Turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look forward in his wonderful face. Get the fear of the Lord on you and depart from iniquity. Praise God. Amen. And now you've got a receipt. The receipt is Proverbs 16 verse 6. Hallelujah. You can also take Psalm 103 verse three. I am the Lord thy God who forgives all thy iniquities. I believe that with all my heart. I'm going to show a visual real quick here just to remind the saints. Would you click over here just briefly? I went through a couple of these just to show the visual. Remember we looked at the life of Abraham through Genesis 12 all the way to Genesis 25. His whole life is in those chapters. He got saved. He got justified here and then he got sanctified in type. Then he got filled with the Holy Ghost. And these red marks are all the bad decisions he made. But when God wrote about him, the Bible said he didn't stagger at all. Now, I forgot all those dots went away on my other slide. I couldn't find the other slide. I was looking for it this morning. But in other words, all those all those mistakes just vanish away. God doesn't see them anymore. Because if God would mark iniquities, who's going to see him? If God marked all my iniquities and yours, none of us would go to heaven. Amen. We have no hope except except our only hope is Jesus, our living hope. Praise God. That's the only hope we have. Praise God. Amen. Which one of you brothers, husbands, now have ditched your wife just to save your own skin? That's what Abraham did. Not once, twice. Well, honey, I thought you said you'd love me. You never do it again. Sorry. Forgive me my iniquity. Right? What else could he say? God would have told Sarah, "Forgive him. He's my prophet." Right? Forgive him. Just please forgive him. Remember, Brother Ram, he had uh when he got saved, uh he was pastoring in the yellow and then the blue uh evangelism. Oh, no. That's first poll. Green was second poll. Orange was third pole. Yet he had all these big mistakes in there. We went through that. But when the brother said, "I hope when my when God writes about my life in the book of life that he'll say the same thing he said about Abraham, he staggered not at the plan of God." Amen. But was strong in faith, giving God glory. Hallelujah. And I just thought I'd do one for my good friend David. Like I told you in heaven, I can't wait till I can get up and go to heaven and say, "David, your testimony was such a blessing to me on the earth. I struggle with this. I struggle with that." But it seemed like every time God would point me right back to your life. Thank you for trusting in the forgiveness of God. Thanks for all those songs you wrote me that I got to sing at church. Hallelujah. Your testimony, it meant something to me. The fact he could believe that God would forgive him, that meant something to me. That that means I can believe God can forgive me of my sins. So this morning, I thought I'd just make a quick little list of all the highs and lows of his life. He was anointed by the prophet Samuel, just like Christ. Christ was anointed there on the River Jordan. He played music for King Saul. He cast out devils. Then he slew the giant Goliath. He won all these battles for the king. And I didn't put up there. He had women. He had he had uh he had choirs, brother Benjamin. He had choirs singing Saul has slayed his thousands, David his 10. He's like walking into a place of people singing about me. Man, I'm pretty good guy. By God's grace. By God's grace, I'm pretty good guy. I mean, look at these highs in his life. It wasn't too long, church, where he started getting some low times. People tried to murder him. He lied to the pastor. I'll say like that. He lied to the priest. He lied to the evangelist. He pretended to be insane. He joined with the Philistine army. But later they dismissed him. even they wouldn't let him fight in in in their army. That's how much God protects you, church. Oh, amen. Hallelujah. But then he spares Saul twice. He could have taken revenge on this man that cut him down. Talk about revenge. Talk about the spirit of resentment and revenge. And yet he overcame it twice. See, look. It didn't have dominion over him. See that? Let's serve God so that our iniquities do not have dominion over us. Hallelujah. Then he became king over Hebron. Then seven years later of all Israel. He danced before the Lord with the ark and God looked down from heaven and said, "There's a man after my own heart." Hallelujah. Praise God. Now look, church, to do that, he had to forget about all these other mistakes when he danced before the Lord. He couldn't have danced and praised God and said, "Hallelujah. Oh, glory be his name." Well, he's thinking about all my sins. Oh, I failed God there. Oh, I failed God there. I failed. He had to forget about that. He had to trust that God had expressed God had shown him compassion on his life. He had to believe he was a forgiven child of God. And then he even captured Isra uh uh Jerusalem from the Jebusites, which Joshua never did. He expanded the borders to fulfill God's promise to Joshua. He conquered all the land when other when when Joshua and the other ones couldn't do it. But then church, we know a lot of low points at the end of his life. He committed adultery. He had Uriah murdered. He committed a a prideful census. He had he had polygamy. He had at least I think eight wives. He had he was a poor father with Amnan and also uh with uh Abselon. He wasn't the father he should have been. But you know what, church? In heaven, God got rid of all those lows. And God's going to say, "David, you staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief." Because God knows how to wash us from our iniquities. Hallelujah. God knows how to purge us thy. Oh, let my life be like this. That God only sees the high points of my life. And God doesn't God doesn't remember all the times I failed him. All right, let me close with this. Get your Bibles here. I'm closing with this one. What would the last words be of a man who was after the heart of God? What would the last words be of a giant killer, king, poem, poet, prophet, and yet also adulterer, murderer? What would the last words recorded out of his mouth be? Oh God, forgive me of my sins. Forgive me of all iniquities. Let's see what his last words would be. Let's see if he accepted forgiveness. 1st Chronicles 29:10. David caught a revelation of what it was like to be forgiven. He could have said, "I deserve death. I deserve hell, but Jesus has, but God has forgiven me." Right? Jehovah has forgiven me. Yahweh has washed away all my iniquity. 1 Chronicles 29:10. Wherefore David blessed the Lord before all the congregation. These are parallel passage with another verse. 2 Samuel 23 says, "Now these be the last words of David." Read verse 10. Wherefore David blessed the Lord before all the congregation. And David said, "Blessed be thou, Lord God of Israel, our father, forever and ever." What's the first thing he does? His last words, bless the Lord. Keep blessing God. Keep praising God. Our God is rich in mercy. Thine, O Lord, is the greatness and the power. Is he bragging about his greatness and all the things he accomplished in his life? He's talking about God's greatness. See, church, the longer you serve God, the greater God ought to become in your mind. Amen. Not how great you are, how great God is. He didn't say, "I'm a giant killer. I conquered all the land that Joshua never conquered." He's not talking about himself. He's talking about God. Thine, O Lord, is the greatness and the power and the glory and the victory and the majesty. For all that is in the heaven and in the earth is thine. Thine is the kingdom, O Lord, and thou art exalted as head above all. Both riches and honor come of thee. Notice I didn't get this for myself. God gave it to me. And church, God makes some people poor. God makes some people rich. It all comes from God's hand. Hallelujah. We ought just to be thankful that we're rich in God's forgiveness. Amen. That God's been rich in mercy to us. We can all say, "I'm rich in God's forgiveness." That's what matters. Because remember, riches are a snare many times, right? People get a little extra money. Brother Ram says, pretty soon they don't even come to church anymore. Pretty soon they're in the things of the world just because of the snare of riches. They don't need God. Verse 12, both riches and honor come of thee, and thou reignest over all, and in thine hand is power and might, and in thine hand is it to make great and to give strength unto all. Therefore, now, therefore, our God, we thank thee and praise thy glorious name. Anything in here about his sins or uh all his failures? Was he focusing on his sins? He was focusing on the grace of God. But who am I and what is my people that we should be able to offer so willingly after this sort? For all things come of thee, and of thine own have we given thee? For we are strangers before thee, and sojourers as were all of our fathers. Our days on the earth ours shadow, and there is none abiding. Now, let's go back to 2 Samuel 23:1. 2 Samuel 23:1. Now these be the last words of David. David the son of Jesse said, "And the man who was raised up on high." But church, wasn't he also brought low in murder and adultery and pride? But when it's recorded about him, it's recorded that he's raised up on high. God only remembered the times when he would raise up in the Holy Spirit. the anointed of the God of Jacob and the sweet psalmist of Israel said, "The spirit of the Lord spake by me." And I hope that's my testimony today. Praise God. That God's spirit is speaking through me just like every other preacher, just like anyone that sings a song special, that we would be so privileged that God could forgive all the marks against us and God would speak through human lips of unworthy vessels. Hallelujah. And by his word, I'm sorry, and his word was in my tongue. The God of Israel said, "The rock of Israel spake to me. He that ruleth over men must be just, ruling in the fear of God. And he shall be as the light of the morning, when the sun riseth, even a morning without clouds, as the tender grass springing out of the earth by clear shining after the rain." Let's stand to our feet. Praise God. What does God promise? If you confess your sins and you rule over sin and you bring sin into obedience to the word of God, the Bible says you'll come forth like a brand new morning. You'll have the freshness. You'll have the glory and the beauty of a brand new morning. One of my favorite things is to go see my little baby in the morning. Hold her up by the light. Light shining through. She's all happy. She's all fresh. I'm all fresh, the sunshine shining on it. And the Bible says, David said, his last words are, if you confess your sins, if you give God all the glory, if you let God be the Lord of your life, he'll make you brand new like the morning. He said, "Fear God, all Israel, give God praise." How many want to praise him today? Musicians can come. Let's praise him. Let's have a word of prayer. Hallelujah. the last words of a man after God's own heart. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Heavenly Father, we thank you for today, Lord God. So awesome to see that David's last words were not, "Oh, I'm such a failure. I don't even know if I'll make it to heaven. I'm such a disgrace." Lord, we know he did that in the temple after he committed adultery and murder. I forget how many days he laid there on his face pleading for the life of that child. And no doubt in those prayers, he confessed his sins again and again and again. Yet Lord, he comes to the end of his life and he says, "Let's give God glory. Everything comes from God. He's full of compassion. Let's give him thanks. Let's give him praise. Let men rule in the fear of God." And if they do that, if they live in the fear of the Lord, they'll be like the bright morning shining forth in its strength. They'll have a freshness about them. Glory. They'll be crowned with loving kindness and mercy. They're the kings of kindness. The kings of mercy because they've accepted your mercy. They've accepted your loving kindness. Hallelujah, Jesus. Oh, what a what a promise, dear God. No wonder David said, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name, who forgiveth all of our iniquities and health all our diseases." Hallelujah. Oh, God, you're so great. Thank you, Lord, for such amazing love. Thank you that you're full of compassion on sinners like us. Sinners saved by grace. Lord, we know we're saved. We know we're going to heaven. But Lord, let not iniquities have dominion over us, Lord God. But give us dominion over them by mercy and truth and departing from evil. Lord, we've got a receipt. When the devil tries to tell us, "Oh, you can't have you can't be forgiven." We've got a receipt and say, we can say, "Jesus purchased it for me." Here it is. Proverbs 16:6. By mercy and truth, iniquity is purged out of my life and I've left. I've departed from iniquity. Oh God, we thank you for the forgiveness that you offer. Lord God, surely you're rich in mercy. Surely you're full of compassion. We can only stand by your mercy and the blood of Jesus Christ our Lord. Thank you, God, today for these promises. Let these words be written upon the tables of the hearts of your people, Lord God. As we praise your holy name, Lord, one day it's going to be our time to say our final words. May we have words like this. Thank you Jesus for saving a wretch like me. All praise goes to the name of Jesus Christ. Oh, let my children praise Jesus. Let my children's childrens praise Jesus. May Jesus be the center of everyone's life. May he be magnified. May his name be lifted up continually. For our God is a God full of compassion. Our God is great and his mercy endureth forever. Hallelujah. From everlasting to everlasting as far as the east is from the west, Lord. As high as the heavens is above the earth, Lord. Hallelujah. So is your mercy to them that fear you, Lord God. Grant it, Lord God. May we have mercy, your mercy. May we repent of our sins, God. Give us truth in the inward parts. That's what you desire. Hallelujah. And that we depart from evil like David. And surely you'll say, "Brother so and so, stagger not at the promise of God. Sister so and so, stagger not at the promise of God, but was strong in faith, giving God glory. Let your people be strong in faith and give you glory today. Me included in Jesus Christ's name.
