################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-27 - (11-26-25) Book of Corinthians, Part 26 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-27
Title:   (11-26-25) Book of Corinthians, Part 26 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRpT1Xys5EU
========================================

I'm really enjoying it. I hope you're being blessed too by God's grace. I just love to say like brother Brandham, I preached what Paul preached. Hallelujah. I have no special revelation of my own. Like Perry Green told Brother Brandham, I just try to emphasize what's already been said. Brother Ram said, "That's a remarkable statement for a preacher to make. I'm not one whom the word of the Lord comes to." Like Perry Green told Brother Brandon, like you're one who the word of the Lord comes to a prophet. He said, "But it's remarkable when he says, I just want to emphasize what's already been said." Hallelujah. Church, if we can just emphasize what's already been been said in here, we're going to be just fine for the rapture. Praise God. We're going to be fit for heaven. No doubt, but just fine for the rapture. 1 Corinthians 14. Now, of course, if you've read ahead, you know, this is about mainly about tongues interpretation, but towards the end of the chapter, you know, it gets into this uh topic of uh women preachers and who the word of God comes to. So, it's a very uh important chapter by God's grace. And I'll just try to emphasize as I was studying today what the Lord uh kind of put on my heart. I feel things I wasn't planning on saying and just as I was waiting on the Lord, things would come to me as I normally do uh by the grace of God. 1 Corinthians 14, let's just read verse one for the sake of time here. Don't have to worry about Malachi getting up at 3 3:50 tomorrow morning because there's no work tomorrow by God's grace. At least at least probably for most of us, you know. Uh I'm sorry if you do have to work tomorrow. I don't think anybody does, but except the moms. They got to do all the cooking, right? So I do apologize about that. Somebody's got to cook and God will bless you. Hallelujah for all your uh efforts to feed your family. Praise God. 1 Corinthians 14:1. Let's read that on three. Ready? One, two, three. Follow after charity and desire spiritual gifts, but rather that ye may prophesy. May God add the blessing to the reading of his word. You can be seated. You can switch over case. I got a few notes here I'd like to share. Yeah. So, I I'll probably be sharing a little bit of of the testimony that I heard as I said on Wednesday night or Sunday night at Chipotle afterwards. I'm not going to call names now that the live stream's on, you know, but you know who I'm talking about if I do tell that story. I'll just say it's a precious couple that visited. So, um, we'll look at 14. We finish chapter 13 with, uh, the the greatest gift of all is charity. And brother Brandham said, "Thus sayith the Lord." Uh, charity is the only thing that's going to make it over to heaven. Right? So, we have to have love uh the love of Jesus Christ, the agape love of Jesus Christ. We've got to have that in our hearts. Hallelujah. In our spirits. Then, if we got that, then we're know we know we're going to make it over by God's grace. And brother Ram said, "Do all everything that's in your power to lay aside anything that will hinder you from loving." He said, "Even those who hate you." Hallelujah. Because that's real love. Jesus said, "Father, forgive them. They don't know what they do." Uh remember Stephen said, "Lord, lay it not to their charge." Right? So the real Christian spirit is God forgive them. Lord, don't lay it to their charge. God have mercy on them. That should be our spirit as well as Christians. God have mercy on our enemies. Hallelujah. That's right. Now, we'll look here at uh we'll just I like to go three verses at a time and uh stop and just for a sake of the they're easy to read. They're legible by the grace of the Lord. Uh but verse one says, "Follow after charity and desire spiritual gifts, but rather that ye may prophesy." And I think that's why, you know, today there's this uh group called the N. They call themselves the New Apostolic Reformation, but they're not real apostles. But they they they they practice even at their schools. They admit they practice they tell the the false prophets just prophesy over people. Right now the the idea they get that from they have a school of prophets which there was a school of prophets in the Bible in the Old Testament not the New Testament in the Old Testament. It was also the sons of the prophets as I was reading in Kings. But the this false school today says you can't even make it to the second year of schooling unless you miss three times on your prophecies. That's a requirement. And yet the Bible says if you miss one in the Old Testament, you die. So you know this is uh they see they have they have the right understanding as as far as prophecy is very important. But then when they allow you to miss that's against the word of God. That's an antichrist spirit. It's a lying spirit at the very least, right? Because God does not lie. Okay? And so, and it's it's it's it's good too that they desire gifts. And and you know, a lot of people a lot of people go that way because they go to denominations and and sadly some denominations, they don't even pray for miracles or they don't pray for supernatural, right? They're just so into their organization and their liturgy or their tradition or whatever, they don't even pray for miracles. So just the fact that they're trying to get miracles that attracts some people. Okay. But uh uh but to believe things like that, you've got to take a a lying spirit. The Bible calls it a seducing spirit. You got to be seduced into believing prophets can miss because the Bible's clear. A prophet cannot miss. &gt;&gt; There's only one questionable time and that was Isaiah, right? He had thus sayith the Lord. But it's not questionable for us. It's just it's just hard for us to understand. How could God change it from, you know, Hezekiah, set your house in order? Well, now you get to live. Well, we just know it's the perfect will versus the permissive will of God. But it's not easy to understand. And I'm to this day, I'm a pastor of 20 20 years almost, preaching 21 years. I still can't explain it, but I believe it. Hallelujah. I just know there's very few cases like that. And if you look at Isaiah's life and his his his range of testimonies, you would know he was a true prophet of God. Hallelujah. So anyways, and pardon me. I'm still battling recovering from this cold, but I feel a lot better by God's grace. I appreciate anyone that prayed for me. Um, so we get it. We get this pattern. Love is the most important thing. Follow after love. Make sure you're in love with everybody in the church. Then desire gifts. So in other words, we shouldn't be even caring about gifts until we love everybody in the church because it's just going to be a tinkling symbol. It's just going to be beat in the air. It's just going to be uh a total waste of time, right? Uh unless you love everybody in the church first. You have to love the people of God. Hallelujah. So ha have your heart full of God's love and then desire spiritual gifts and desire the best gifts which are prophecy. For he that speaketh in unknown tongues speaketh not unto men but unto God. Isn't that interesting? uh people that have the gift of tongues and even the ones I've talked to um they've even said they feel like they're talking to God. In other words, the Bible said they're groanings. They're uttering their groanings. So, a lot of times the people who have the gift of tongues, they're prayer warriors and they're making groanings to God and they're actually talking to God when they're speaking in tongues. &gt;&gt; Now, think about that. They're speaking in tongues they don't know. And God's understanding those tongues that they don't know. And then they don't even know what they're praying for. But God knows. &gt;&gt; Isn't that interesting that God would do that? He's going to let you say something you don't understand. Pouring out your heart, but you don't understand it, but God understands it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Why does God do that? It keeps the supernatural element alive, right? just shows in other words, I'm taking control of you and I'm using you to intercede for others, right? Or yourself because it could be praying for yourself. So, it's it's a beautiful thought to think about that. Wow, you're speaking to God with these unknown tongues. You don't even know what you're saying, but you all you know is you're pouring out your heart to God. So, when you speak in unknown tongue, the Bible said no man understands him. How be it in the spirit he speaketh mystery. So, even there's an element there. you could you're speaking a mysterious thing that only God knows. So, it's really just God understanding that mystery. Okay. So, children, if you ever speak in tongue, now I never have. I've asked God to do it many times, but I know numerous people who have. But if you ever start speaking in tongues, Brother Ram said it would just happen. Brother Ram said the first time he spoke in tongues, he was just walking along the power lines because he was he worked for the power company, right? And he's just singing, "I'm one of them. I'm one." And he's just singing all day long. And pretty soon he started speaking in tongues. So just be aware the Bible and the Bible said be filled with the spirit right in Ephesians chapter 4 praying in hymns and songs and spiritual songs. But if you ever have that happen to you just realize it's just God moving on you so you can make groanings or speak some mystery right now. I don't can't explain that but that's what the Bible says. speaking some mystery to God. Now, he that prophesieth speaketh unto men to edification, exhortation, and comfort. Now, in our church, we mainly seen it with dreams as prophetic, but I have shared a couple uh prophecies that I've heard, like the one where the brother said numerous well-known uh pastors are going to die this year in 2013. And there was about five worldwide famous pastors that died that year. And so that was thus sayith the Lord. So I've shared that with other people. Uh but that now the Bible said that should be for one of these either edification, exhortation or comfort. So one of those now I'm looking at it and I'll define those words next. To me I don't know it would must be edification because I don't I didn't know the pastors and so when they died I didn't know them. It didn't give me comfort, you know. So I imagine it would be edification. So let's look at these definitions. Edification means building up or promoting growth. Well, u it's sad to see people die, right? You never want to see people die, but if God tells you beforehand, that would make you trust God more, right? You would say, "Wow, I that raises my faith, right?" And even in the dreams, you know, when we've had dreams, and this week I dreamed about two preachers. I told my wife about it. Like, I don't always dream about preachers, but they were just really vivid. So, the second one wasn't very good. One of them visited our church and and it was so weird. I was studying while the preacher sitting there when we're supposed to be having service and then our uh our machine wouldn't work. You know, our we couldn't get the words up there and the preacher just sitting there like like I don't study during the sermon. I study before the sermon. So, I don't know if it was just the busyiness of life or something. Uh I don't know. You just never know. But sometimes dreams are just nonsense, right? They're just the Bible said because of busyness. you get all these thoughts together. But as far as that prophecy about um you know pastors or preachers passing away that would I imagine that would build up your faith that would that promoted my faith in the gift of prophecy. And then the dreams that have come to pass that makes us pay special attention to dreams that we have now. And that's why we write down dreams. You ought to if you don't you ought to write down dreams and see if they will come to pass. Uh because I've had numerous ones. My wife's had numerous ones that come to pass. So, you just want to get in the habit of right doing that because it could be God. Brother Bram said when there's no one there's when there's no prophet in the land, God has to give a prophecy through a dream. And the example was Joseph and Mary. When Joseph was there, there hadn't been a prophet for 500 years since Malachi. And so, how does God speak? He's got to speak through a dream. &gt;&gt; So, expect God to speak to you in a dream if he's going to do something prophetic, right? Um exhortation was encouragement or refreshment. Now, people dying, that's not really refreshing to me. People dying, that's not really encouragement to me. I mean, it's I guess it's encouraging that a prophecy came to pass and I got to hear it. Um, but I would say this one seems to be edification, like building up our faith in the prophetic. And then comfort is calming or stimulating. Uh, so prophecy is supposed to go out to stimulate us or calm us to know that God's got everything under control. Now verse four, he that speaketh in an unknown tongue edifies himself. So again, young children or even our adults here, even myself, if God would let me speak in a tongue, I would I would be realizing, wow, God's trying to edify me. God is trying to build me up or promote my growth. And that's why, you know, brother Ram said, uh, you know, that's why Paul said he wish everybody spoke in tonesues because it builds you up. That's why I've asked God to speak in tonesues. I would like to, uh, because it would edify me. But then the Bible says, "Do all speak with tongues?" I mean, who wouldn't like to lay hands on the sick and see them recover? But but do all have the gifts of healing? Who wouldn't like to travel and preach and start a church? Who wouldn't like to do that? But the Bible said, "Not all are apostles." &gt;&gt; So, you just got to stay in the channel, stay dedicated, consecrated to God, and God will manifest the gifts in this time and season. &gt;&gt; So, if you speak in tongues, you edify yourself. But if you prophesy, you edify the church. I'm sorry if I bumped that. I would that ye all Yeah, here's where Paul says it. I wish you all spoke with tongues. Or you got built up and edified. But rather that you prophesied. I'd rather have everybody prophesy and dream dreams that are prophetic. Sorry. For greater is he that prophesies than he that speaketh with tongues, except he interpret that the church may receive edifying. Okay. So, uh, it's greater, it's a greater gift to edify everybody in the church. We'd much rather do that than just have one person who got all the edification. &gt;&gt; You know, one person's feeling, one, one person is feeling uh, I'm build up. I'm built up. That's good, but God wants everybody to be built up, right? Let's not be selfish with I just want to get built up myself. Uh, we we should pray for God, give us a prophecy, God. Uh and we've had things that were prophetic like you know we've talked about recently where uh you know God has just told us things in advance what was going to happen even through sermons. So we can rejoice in that that God sees our situation. God knows us. Um, so we want we want everyone to be built up and we want we want to see everybody grow in the spiritual realm. And the more uh prophecies there are, which there are very few, but the more there are, the more people get built up and strengthened and edified. Now, brethren, if I come unto you speaking in tongues, what shall I profit you except I shall speak to you either by revelation or by knowledge or by prophesying or by doctrine? Now Paul in earlier in the book I remembered as I was studying that Paul said he didn't want to come short of any gift in the church. So 1 Corinthians verse uh 1 verse 5 that in everything ye are enriched by him in all utterance and in all knowledge. So Paul says Jesus enriches your life. If you're not if your life's not enriched, you got to get more in contact with Jesus. &gt;&gt; He makes your life sweeter. The Bible remember that song says he gets sweeter and sweeter as a day go by. Is that right, brother Rod? Is that right, brother Sister Beatatrice? All these years of serving the Lord all these decades. Is that right? He gets sweeter and sweeter. Right. He enriches your life. Your life gets more enriching the more time you spend with the Lord. Even as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in you so that you come behind in no gift waiting for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. So the Corinthians did not lack any gift. Okay? But as brother Random points out, notice uh Paul doesn't address gifts with the Ephesian church, the Philippian church, right? All Thessalonans, he doesn't address it. And brother Ram says because they had the gifts in order. They weren't uh they weren't majoring on gifts and they didn't have the gifts out of order. So Paul didn't have to address them, right? regarding the gifts. But Paul has to address it here. And Paul says, "What am I going to profit by speak in tongues except I give you a revelation or knowledge or prophesying or by doctrine." So this is really awesome as well. A tongue could give a revelation either of someone's life or of the scripture. It could give knowledge of the scripture or someone's life. It could prophesy of the scripture or someone's life. Or it could give you doctrine from the scripture. Doctrine is instruction. So uh this is how people are profited. You are profited when God gives a revelation at church or God gives knowledge at church or he prophesies at church or gives a doctrine at church. That should edify you. That should profit you. Hallelujah. And so uh regarding the brother and I I'm not sure why I had that on there. Uh oh yeah, I guess you know um I'll just share the brother's testimony real quick. Uh for all these years he was against interracial marriage. He would he would have been the one that would have said no way, impossible. Uh, Brother Ram said this, you know, Brother Ram said that, which he did, but Brother Ram was at a time when uh there was a lot of racial tensions and when it was illegal to have interracial marriage, right? So, you got to take the context. And church, if if you just looked at the Bible, if anybody just read their Bible under the Holy Spirit, they'd never find a ban against interracial marriage. If I said if they're reading by the Holy Spirit, &gt;&gt; right? If you're reading by the Holy Spirit, believing just what the Bible says, you would never see a ban against interracial marriage. There's a ban against interfaith marriages &gt;&gt; or faith and no faith marriages like Ahab, but he he really had no faith to begin with anyway. I mean, he had a little bit, right, when he repented one little time. &gt;&gt; Uh, and God told Elijah, "Look at him. Even he repents." But then he turned right around and does the opposite later. He backslid, of course, but that's all that God does. But so the brother told the testimonies were sitting there. Were any of my children with me? Yeah, that's right. Two. I don't know if you remember or not, but he was saying God gave him numerous uh voices and then numerous uh dreams about this subject of interracial marriage. And he said as soon as God revealed it to him, he said he popped on YouTube and then my video popped up right right there. And uh again, he was one totally against it. But then as God and he kept saying and he would pray and say, "God, show me. Is this you? Is this you? And God gave him a sign after a sign. I said, "This is like Gideon where you lay a fleece and you ask God for this and this." And then God eventually changed the situation. So, and I told him, my brother, I said, I didn't teach that. I didn't get that until I fasted and pray to understand interracial marriage because it was so hard for me to understand. Why do I read in the Bible this and brother Ram will say this, right? But of course, we know brother Ram never said, "Thus sayith the Lord with this." He never even even used a Bible verse that I can find. Right? And then brother Ram called Moses and Zapora. He called that was perfect. That's a perfect marriage and that was God's choice. Now you can't get no better than God. Right? Nobody chooses better than God. Right? And then brother Ram says I he said I can't explain it. He said I just believe it. That's what brother Ram said about Moses and Zapora. So, it's clear, you know, he had his he had his beliefs, but he it's clear when he looked at the Bible, it was always it was always right in the Bible when two believers, no matter what races or what nation they come from, as long as they're believers, only in the Lord can you marry. All right? So, I thought that was beautiful. Our brother is getting revelations and words. He's hearing from God and dreams. He gets it that way. Uh I got it through doctrine. But we come together and then God uh oh yeah and it was answered and then there was all these testimonies with the wife prayed about it as well and just God brought it together. So it's very beautiful just to see how God uses gifts of the Holy Ghost and even things without life uh giving sound whether pipe or harp except they give a distinction the sounds how shall be known what is piped or harped. Okay so now he's going to get into tongues. So there must with every tongue there must be a distinction in it. Okay? Uh in other words, you must be able to tell it tell that tongue from a different tongue. Now, now I'm talking about languages, right? So we know English was different from Spanish and French. There has to be a distinction of the sounds. For if the trumpet give a uncertain sound, brother Ram preached this sermon seven times at least uncertain sound. Who shall prepare himself for battle? Hallelujah. So, uh, we're going to get this idea. God doesn't deal with uncertain sounds, right? God's going to give you a certain sound. God's going to give you something that you can understand. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now, God may hide something like the he Jesus hid things from the disciples, right? They asked him, "When is the time and season?" He says, "Not for you to know it." Right? When Israel gets its power back. Hallelujah. So, there are some things God won't let us understand. But if God does give us something, it's going to be a certain sound. Hallelujah. So likewise ye, except ye utter by the tongue words easy to be understood. Now church, that's why I've always said, if I say something you don't understand, ask me at the Bible study. I want to utter things that are so easy to understand. Hallelujah. Because that that's what we should we we should strive to make it so easy a child could receive it. How shall it be known what is spoken? For ye shall speak into the air. So now we get this idea of people speaking in tongues with no interpreter, right? And Paul says it's just like you're speaking into the air, just kind of filling up the air with noise if we don't understand what's being said. Now just I just wanted to give you one of the highlights of those seven uncertain sound sermons if you haven't yet. Okay, brother said why he's at the prayer line. Why Jesus is here. It's the Holy Ghost himself. Just keep standing. Just keep standing. Just keep on your feet. All that wants the baptism of the Holy Ghost that hasn't received it, believe you can receive it tonight. Stand up on your feet. Just receive it. Good. No uncertain sound about that now. Right. Remember, blessed are ye that do hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they shall be filled. Nothing uncertain about what Jesus said. Amen. Ain't that beautiful? So, brother talks about how there there's all these uncertain sounds like coming from denominations or or non-denominational deceivers, false teachers, false doctrines, right? But brother says Jesus's words are a certain sound. &gt;&gt; If you really hunger and thirst for the Holy Ghost, you'll receive it. &gt;&gt; I want to be born again. I want the power of God in my life. I want to be changed. I want to be a witness for Jesus Christ. If you keep hungering like that, he's going to fill you with the Holy Ghost. Just make sure you're baptized the right way. Amen. And then if you're not baptized, he can still fill you. But as soon as you get filled, Peter would command you to go be baptized in the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Because that's what he did at the house of Cornelius. Amen. Hallelujah. So here, this is the point. This is a highlight of the uncertain sound. There's a certain sound and the certain sound is the word of God. Hallelujah. This is a certain sound. If it's in here and it's it's rightly divided, it's certain. Now moving on to verse 10. There are may be so many kinds of voices in the world, and none of them is without signification. Therefore, if I know not the meaning of the voice, I shall be unto him that speaketh a barbarian. So again, speaking of unknown tongues, if it's if there's no interpretation, Paul says it becomes barbarian. It's like a barbarian. Uh and he that speaketh shall be a barbarian unto me. Now, who's he talking to? He's talking to the Corinthian church. So, this church would be a church that would just let everybody and as many as you wanted, any unknown tongues could go forth. And Paul's telling them, you're setting up a situation where everyone's like a barbarian to one another. Now, they may they weren't barbarians. They were in the house of God. But it creates the situation when there's no interpretation that we're just putting words in the air and no one knows what's being said. &gt;&gt; That's a great point, Brother Random made. It was so beautiful. And that he called it the the debate over the debate with tongues. Uh brother Bram made that beautiful point. Brother Brham said if we don't get the interpretation of the tongue then there's no way to know where it came from. That was a powerful point. Right? Because any because if if you if you don't know the interpretation well anybody can just make up any unknown language. They can just create sounds and put sounds together. If you don't get the interpretation, you don't know where it comes from. And then that can't be the evidence of the Holy Ghost because you don't know which spirit that came from, &gt;&gt; the Holy Ghost or the unholy ghost. Which one did it come from? Right? It's a beautiful point from God's prophet and use that in the debate. And of course, they couldn't answer that. So, they had to change question. Well, on to the next question, right? Because anybody then can claim they've got the Holy Ghost as long as they said some words that no one understood. They can claim it. But but you can't. That's why tongues is not the evidence. &gt;&gt; You have to have an experience. You have to have an experience that you can anchor in. Right? You got to have a moment when you receive power. Hallelujah. And then your life the life after that will prove whether you got it or not. &gt;&gt; So he says uh he that speaketh shall be a barbarian unto me. In other words, we don't we we can't understand what's happening here. Even so, and then remember there's no edification going on, right? Though the listener is not build up by the unknown tongue if they don't understand what's being said. Even so, ye for as much as you're zealous of spiritual gifts, seek that ye may excel to the edifying of the church. So, some churches sadly are filled with pretending barbarian-like people. Right? And that's what I was saying. You know, I went to that church and I went to the church and and the pastor said, "Now let's all pray in tonesues and everybody prays in tonesues and there in that within that church within two years there was numerous adulteries in that church and then people left that church no longer serve God. You know you just uh you know uh people just aren't taught the right way and right and then I told you that story my friend his name was Greg the pastor shoved the mic in his face and said did you receive the Holy Ghost in front of the entire church and he was nervous so he said yes. He said, ' Then speak in tonesues.' And he pretended to speak in tonesues. And he he confessed to me with tears the night before we played Eastern Michigan up in Michigan before a football game. Boy, we were really studying for the game hard, weren't we? I was playing a different game. Hallelujah. And not a game. I was fighting a battle. Hallelujah. We should have been up. We should have been up studying the film. And we had more important things to talk about. The Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. And the next day, God gave me an interception. Praise God. But then I that's when I broke my uh AC joint there the second time. And I'm like, "Okay, I'm done. Time for surgery." Uh but anyways, that's the point. You know, uh they would go to these church, you know, we go to these churches or different places and everybody's just giving unknown words into the air and the Bible said there's no there's no edification to that. Seek that you may excel to the edifying of the church. Okay. So, zeal is good, but we got to use it for the benefit of others. Wherefore, let him that speaketh in an unknown tongue pray that he may interpret. Now, this is I remember, you know, talking to this to my friends when I visit their church. I I I said when when are we going to pray for the interpretation of those tongues? And so, they don't they just don't. Well, that's breaking the commandments of Paul right here. Remember later in the chapter, he says, "These are not commandments from me. These are commandments from the Lord. Okay. So, and we've had unknown tongues in our church, I think, three times over the years. And each time, remember, I stopped and said, "Let's pray for their interpretation." I set my timer on my watch and it was like 10 minutes. I said, "Well, we didn't get the interpretation. Praise the Lord." That's fine. But at least we prayed for it. The one time we had interpret interpretation was Easter of 2010. I wasn't here. And the brother interpreted the tongue himself. And the tongue was uh the the tongue interpretation said uh you're spiritually dying. It's time to repent. And so I went and I went and talked to the the whole church and three people said that was for them. So that's why I believe that was exactly right because people said they were spiritually dying. Now it was pretty sad. They're spiritually dying, but I was spiritually living. You know, it just church, you can't let yourself die. You've got to you got to get out of that rut. You got to get some life back in you. Hallelujah. Repent. Seek God. Silence every voice. Go on a uh go on a digital detox or whatever you got to do or maybe a physical detox, &gt;&gt; right? Stop eating the wrong food like I showed you uh with my picture of me. I ate too many wrong foods, you know? But in other words, we're responsible for staying alive, keeping our fire burning for Jesus. Now, if I pray in an unknown tongue, my spirit prayth, but my understanding is unfruitful. Okay. But what is it? So Paul says, "What is it then?" So what's the whole point of this? I will pray with the spirit and I'll pray with the understanding also. I'll sing with the spirit and I'll sing with understanding also. Now I've never heard it, but brother Ram talked about people singing in tonesues. You can even sing in tonesues. And Paul says that's good. But he also said sing with understanding too. Pray in tonesues, but also pray in understanding as well. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. else when thou shalt bless with the spirit, how shall he that occupyth room? So he's talking about now he's talking about the room of the believers, how shall they say amen at the giving of thanks, seeing he understandeth not what thou sayest. So church, we don't have tongues a lot, right? You know, we've only had it three or four time four times in our whole 20 almost 20 years. Okay? But the Bible says don't say amen unless you understand what it means. That's right. &gt;&gt; So, you know that. But now, let's apply this just to regular preaching. If you don't understand something, church, don't feel bad to say amen. &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. Don't say, don't feel bad if you're not going to say amen. If you don't understand what the preacher's saying, if you don't know what I'm saying, I won't get offended. At least I'll try not to. I'll try not to get offended if you don't say amen. Now, probably recognize it's kind of quiet now. Can somebody ask me a question after service? What did I say that was wrong? Now, you know this. I just do this to be silly, right? Just like brother Diggs, &gt;&gt; I it it's just to be silly. I got I don't want you to say amen unless you understand what I'm saying. I don't want to be so deep, which I might I might you might argue is that deep or you being confusing. You know, is that deep or you just raw off the word, you know? You might someone might argue about that and debate in a good way. I'm talking about um but again, we get this idea you shouldn't say amen. So be it unless you understand it. Now what I've done over the last few years, church, you probably seen when there's a preacher and you know they're preaching something I disagree with. I'll just smile like this. Now then as soon as they say something good, I'll say amen because I don't want to discourage them, right? I understand we've got differences. You know, brothers, we don't we don't have to see eye to eye on everything. The main thing is baptism of the Holy Ghost, be born again, right? Confess your sins, get saved, right? But that's how I do it. As soon as he gets off of the the topic I don't like, I'll say amen, you know, because I want to encourage him. &gt;&gt; I'm not going to say amen. If he says something about a theophony and you heard from your theophony, I won't say amen to that. But as soon as he gets on back on something good about theophony, amen. Come on, brother. You know, because we shouldn't we shouldn't be hypocritical and say amen to something if we don't understand it. Paul gives you a license to not say amen unless you understand something. He says, "You truly, you barely give thanks well, but the other is not edified." Okay, so I think that's beautiful, too. Right? Sometimes when people speak in tongues, they're just giving God a thanksgiving. Isn't that beautiful? I just think that's beautiful. You can groan in tongues, right? Groan a burden. pour out a burden or supplication I think is the correct word. Uh you can groan, you can give thanks and you can speak a mystery in unknown tongues. Isn't that beautiful? And you're talking to you and God or just talking to God. Now if somebody interprets it now you're talking to the whole church. Now remember church this was the condition they were in. There were people in this Corinthian church, tongues, tongues, tongues, tongues, tongues, tongue, tongues everywhere. Like when I was growing up, you know, which Oh, yeah. And I went and saw them, you know, at that funeral a couple weeks ago and uh I was thankful this Assembly of God Church, they got in the spirit, you know, they we just sang gratitude, you know, all my words fall. And people are saying, "Amen. Hallelujah." And they're so sincere. I'm like, "Praise God, they're sincere." I was like, "We could learn some lessons from them from a message church." You know, they just so freely got in the spirit, you know? They were just, "Hallelujah." I heard somebody speaking in tongues, you know, at the at the height of the song. I thought, "Praise God, she's getting edified." Now, she should hold that. She should learn she got to hold that until she gets interpretation, you know. Now, of course, but you know, we understand, you know, everybody has churches have different uh uh you know, beliefs about tongues and everything like that, but I I was blessed to hear uh that church uh so freely getting in the spirit of God. I I enjoyed that. And Paul says he thanks God because he spoke in tonesues more than anybody. Isn't that just inspiring, you know, to see that Paul spoke in tongues more than anybody? So, I imagine he was speaking some mysteries. Don't you think he was speaking some mysteries? He He'd been up to the third heaven, church. Hallelujah. No doubt he was speaking something mysterious because he had seen things other people hadn't seen. But he thanked God he spoke with tongues more than everybody else. Yet in the church, I'd rather speak five words with my understanding. Now, five divided by 10,000 is 500s of 1%. 500s of 1%. And then again, that means you break 1% of that up into a hundred pieces. You break that 1% 100 pieces. Five of those is what Paul's talking about, right? I'd rather have five words. That's a very small percentage. That's 99.9999 n Paul said five words you understand is better than 99 so many hund 9,900 95 words you don't understand so what is Paul emphasizing understanding right spiritual growth he says that by my voice I might teach others also than 10,000 words in an unknown tongue Brethren, be not children in understanding. How be it in malice, which means the desire to injure, be children, but in understanding be men. In other words, let's not try to ever hurt anybody. Let's just try to build people up. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. How can I make how can I help our church to be more mature? How can I raise their faith today? I could preach on tongues. Amen. That would raise their faith right now. Sing. Try to sing all day tomorrow. See if you'll speak in tongues. Right? I mean, it's God's gift, right? It's all determined by God the Father. Hallelujah. Remember the Bible said in chapter 12, God chooses the gift for the person. I'm just paraphrasing, but it's God who chooses the gift. Now, later on, I'm going to tell you what that mark means. It means Paul's starting a new paragraph. It's going to come in important later. So, now Paul's going to break into a new thought. I can't remember the name of that. I got it later on my notes. So now Paul breaks into a different thought and the law it's written with with men of other tongues and other lips will I speak unto this people. And yet for all that they will not hear me sayeth the Lord. Now Paul is citing Isaiah 28:11. That's what Paul's citing. So this is proof Isaiah 28:11 was speaking of the day of Pentecost. So with stammering lips and another other tongues will I speak to this people. Right? And that's important because Paul says, "This is the rest wherewith you rest." Hallelujah. And it's the refreshing you'll be refreshed with. And that's important to prove how the rest is the baptism of the Holy Ghost in the soul. The soul when you're born again in the New Testament, your soul rests. You're no longer uh trying to earn your salvation. You have the seal of God in your soul and you're resting on the promise of God. But boy, you're going to fight in your mind. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; You are going to fight the greatest battle ever fought in your mind. Satan's going to put that thought in. How do you know you're saved? How do you know? How can a saved person do that? How can a Holy Ghost fil person do that? Well, I don't know, devil. All I know is that I'm sealed in my soul and the blood of Jesus Christ was shed for all my sins, past, present, and future. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's all I know. Praise God. And all I know, devil, is that you're going to be burned up and annihilated in hell. &gt;&gt; You liar. Stop lying to me. Get behind me, Satan. Hey, I rebuke you in Jesus name. That's what you have to do. We have to Oh, I have to do that. We all have to do that. &gt;&gt; And now, here's a great thought, too. Wherefore, tongues are for a sign, not to them that believe. Okay? And this is what I told the people who believe tongues is evidence. tongues. They'll say, "Well, you got to speak in tonesues, so you got a sign that you're born again." I'm like, "This says it's not for a believer." Hallelujah. That's what I tell my friends. Well, you misunderstood that. No, that's what it says. Tongues are not a sign for believers, right? They're for those that don't believe. So, the day of Pentecost, they got the Holy Ghost. They spoke in tongues. Who was that sign for? It was for all those 17 nations out there, right? That's who it's for. It's not for the believer. They believe. They knew Jesus was the Messiah. They know he's raised from the dead. Hallelujah. They're believers and they're just speaking, right? But it's not for believers. Prophe Prophesying is for the believers. And the church said, &gt;&gt; "Amen. We want prophecy." Hallelujah. Right? &gt;&gt; Because then it'll give us exhortation, uh, edification or some comfort. Amen. And that's why, church, some of the sermons we've got that have been prophetic, foretelling things, that's why it's such a comfort to know that we're here and God knows we're here. God knows where we're at and God's he's going to he's going to be with us. He's never going to forsake us. &gt;&gt; Isn't that beautiful to know? That's why prophetic things are so important. They keep you encouraged, right? They strengthen you. They stimulate you. Oh, God's with us. God's watching over every one of our moves. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We are in the hand of God. Amen. Aren't you glad to be in the hand of Jehovah? Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's why prophecy is so important. Verse 23. If therefore the whole church be come together into one place and all speak with tongues and there come those that are unlearned or unbelievers will they not say ye are mad. Okay. So believer unbelievers walk in if every there's no interpretation they'll say this crazy as barbarians. They're saying all these things and we don't even know what's being said. So Paul says you got to stop that Corinthian church. Right? But if all prophesy and there come in one that believeth not or one unlearned, he's convinced of all. I like this. He's judged of all. I like this church. Uh you know, people say, "Don't judge me. Don't judge me." But I want God to judge me in this way. In other words, I want God to show me uh the thoughts and intents of my heart. Right? He's not going to judge us in a eternal way like in you know send us away but he's going to judge the situations that in our lives said we go through our purgatory now. There is no purgatory in the future but says we go through it right now. We're getting purged right now &gt;&gt; or judged. Right? And thus are the secrets of his heart made manifest. So this judging is your secrets are judged. the contents of your heart are judged and you're you see, oh, God knows what's in my heart. God knows what I'm going through. And so fall and I like this falling down. See, church, when God does something supernatural like a prophecy or a dream and it comes to pass, it should make us so happy and humble, we should just fall down and say, "God, I love you. &gt;&gt; I love you, Jesus. You're so kind to do this for me. You're so kind to show me what was in my heart and life and it just shows me how much you care for me and I love you as well. I'm loving you back. Right? See that that's what that's why it's so important when God speaks to your situation. Fall down and give God some praise. Hallelujah. Fall down and give God some glory because it shows it shows that he knows about you. He cares about you. He hasn't forgot about you. He'll never forsake you. And then you report, right? God is in you of a truth. Like that one time I told you, you know, Simon preached on a Wednesday night a couple years ago. And I I I counted nine things he preached about that were directly about my life and he didn't even know it. And I just cried like a baby. And I met him out there in the parking lot. I waited my turn. Rain is pouring down. And I waited my turn to talk to him. I just said, "Simon, you don't ever doubt that you're called to preach because I have never had my life discerned like that." I mean, I was having fear battles, having trouble sleeping, all these different things and Bible questions I had. And I said, "Simon, don't ever doubt your call to preach. God spoke through you tonight. I've never had a preacher tell me the secrets of my life like that." And what did I do? I fall down and say, "Thank you, Jesus. Jesus cares about me. He loves me. He loves you. Hallelujah. And they report God is in them truly. God is truly in that church. How is it then, brethren, when you come together, every one of you has a psalm, everyone hath a doctrine, hath a tongue, hath a revelation, hath interpretation, that all things be done unto edifying. Okay. Now, again, like I said before, you know, u this church there was they were always having gifts, constantly having gifts. The other churches we don't really hear too much about gifts. One time I did that. I looked one time I looked up gifts in every other one of the books and it was very few instances. Think about that. They were holy ghostfilled church and Paul doesn't write anything about gifts. Well, because they they knew how to handle it. I'll say like this. They had the love of God. &gt;&gt; They had charity. Charity will take care of these things. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; As far as people misusing gifts, right? Charity will take care of that. Charity will make you use the gifts in the right way. Now imagine that. Imagine church. Imagine if we were at a service and you know Malachi told me he wanted to testify tonight. Sometimes I'll get testimonies from Zur. You know sometimes I get testimony from other people which I love. But imagine if if while I'm up here I said, "Okay, who has a testimony?" Every hand shot up. And pretty soon it's just like, "Oh, who's got a revelation? Oh yeah, I got one. Who's got a tongue?" Imagine that's what their church was like. It was like Malachi gave a testimony and then Zur and then Beatatric and then Lydia and then Rod and then all the little ones. Everybody just testified. And there's so many gifts operating which is wonderful. But Paul says we got to limit that. You have to limit that. You got to do it decently and in order. Praise God. Now we always do it in order here. I'm not I'm just saying let's try to think about what it would be like if we were a Corinthian church, but we're not a Corinthian church. I'll say like this. I believe we're a mature church. Now, do we have areas to grow? Absolutely. But we don't do these things, right? We we don't say everybody speak in tongues. Even if you don't have the gift, you you've never heard me say that. I'm never going to say that, right? You've been around me long enough, you know. So he says, "Let all things be done to build each other up." So you have to make sure when you like Malachi telling testimony, that builds us up, doesn't it? &gt;&gt; So you have to make sure when you testify or whether you had a song special or uh you got a doctrine you want to share with me. Like sometimes brother Chris will tell me doctrinal questions, you know. Uh you want to make sure that's going to it's going to build people up, right? So we want to be mindful of that. edifying, making them stronger, promote their spiritual growth. Now, if any man speak in an unknown tongue, let it be by two or at the most three. Now, look at it. Look at church. It goes from everybody's got one. Paul says just two or three. Everybody in the church got one. Just two or three. Well, how do we know then? Well, you got to have a Holy Ghost filled pastor, right? You got to have some people that have the uncction of the Holy Spirit. Or maybe it's first come, first serve. I'm just saying the the pastor has control over the the course of the service. But imagine going from everybody's got one after the pastor's done. Who wants to testify? Oh, I'll testify. Who's who who's got a dream? I had a dream. Who got a revelation of the word? I had a revelation. Uh, we'll take three. Take three. Now, I've been at services. Who's ever been in a service before where it's a special service and you have so many people want to sing song specials? You got to limit it down. Maybe be a church members. I've been to numerous meetings, they got five or six people want to sing song specials. Well, how do you know? You just go to the Holy Spirit, right? Or ones that I've been to, they'll say, "Well, you're a visitor. We don't get to hear you sing. So, we're going to let you sing. You home church people, you got to wait. We're going to put you off till later." But you want to make sure you're led of the Holy Spirit. I mean, that that's a kind thing to do. who will let the visitors sing, but are you led of the Holy Spirit? You just want to make sure. And maybe God's leading you that way. I'm not I'm not trying to be critical. I'm not trying to say they're wrong. Um, and that by course and let one interpret. Okay. Now, I told this story before. Maybe it's been years since I told it. When I was uh 16, I got baptized in Father and Holy Ghost because I didn't know better. And I just I wanted to serve God. I had a I had a good heart at that time. God was really good to me. Um, and I was back. I just kind of gave in because the the the the youth the youth pastor was kind of after me a little bit. I just kind of wanted to get her off my shoulder. But I I I I respected God because he healed my mom of cancer. But it wasn't long after that as soon and church. I told you the story. As soon as I got in the car, like when I got baptized, I was thankful. As soon as I got in the car, we turned on rock and roll and I backslid right there. Right there. I remember. I remember that moment. We sat down. and my brothers turn it on and I was in the front seat and I remember that moment. I was like, "Oh, I'm back in it. I'm back into the rock and roll." But in that moment, I was thankful to God. I wanted to serve God. Well, fast forward, I forget how many months or years. I'm in a service and the pastor is preaching to me and I I should have I should have told his parent or his children this when I saw the children a couple weeks ago at the funeral. I was in that service. I remember I was distinctly on that that right side and the the uh there came a tongue and interpretation calling sinners up. a tongue interpretation, calling sinners up. And I sat there and I had my head down. I said, "God, if you send seven of these, I'll go up to the altar, church." Seven came and then like eight or nine or 10 came. And I sat there with a hard heart. I said, "I'm too ashamed to do it." Now, now I feel like crying because I wish I would have gone up. It would have saved a lot of pain in my life. But look, I didn't know better. And I said, "God, give me seven." And God gave me more than seven. That shows me how much God was trying to save my soul. Now, our church didn't understand it. I'm sorry. Our our church didn't didn't have the these Bible beliefs. So, what was it? Our Assembly of God Church was a Corinthian church in one way, right? In one way. But tell you what, they're sweet people. And I told him that, too. And I thank God for that Assembly of God church. We had a good good church, but probably like the ones you've been in, brother. Sweet people. But I just want you to see like Paul limits three, but beforehand, everybody had one. before he said three, everybody had a tongue or interpretation or something. So, I just want you to know, church, and I want you young people to know, too. If you make a deal with God, keep your side of the bargain. I regret deeply I didn't keep my side. I gotten a lot of things I wish I would not have got into. And it breaks my heart now to have to say that, but I'm going to tell it like it is. I'm going tell it straight by God's grace. I'm going be honest. I'm trying to bring this down. We're almost here at the end of the chapter. But if there be no interpreter, let him keep silent in the church of God and let him speak to himself and to God. Of course, that means at home, right? In your prayer time, your prayer closet. Now, Brother Ram says, "If you have an unknown tongue and and there's no interpreter," he said, "Let it go a couple times, a couple services, and see if God will raise up an interpreter." So, that's been always that's always my policy, too. If somebody speaks in tongues, we pray, we don't get the interpretation. I'm not going to say stop it. I'm gonna say keep doing it. Maybe we'll keep praying. And I've said that three or four times, three times now because I wasn't there the first time. I've said that every time. You know, just keep doing it. Just speak in tongues. Let it go. And let's pray for an interpretation by the grace of God. And if not, church, if not mature enough, I'll be happy that you're edified because I get edified by the word. I get edified by singing. I'm happy you're edified. Hallelujah. Good for you. I don't I don't want to get jealous of the body. I want to be thankful for the body. You understand? But if somebody now, if somebody's doing it with a wrong spirit, I believe God would show us that if they're just pretending. I believe God would show us that by their character, you know, by the discernment of the Holy Spirit. But if they're if they're genuine person just learning about tongues, learning about their gift, then let's give them a chance. Brother says like a child who's learning how to talk. If he's saying da da da da da, you don't say be quiet till you can say daddy the right way. No, brother said, look, he's got a gift to talk. He's just got to exercise it. Right. Like Tulsi's now learned how to talk. Dad, well, she's got a gift to talk. She's got to learn how to do it. So, we give her chances to do it. And that's how we that's how we we approach unknown tongues. Like, you got to learn how to use it, but we also got to have an interpreter. So, we just give a little time. If that should ever happen by God's grace, let the prophets speak two or three and let the other judge. In other words, in this church, everybody knew who the prophets were. Right? Everybody knows who said, "Thus sayith the Lord, and it came to pass, right?" And that's what we want to recognize, too. You know, we we want to recognize if someone's got a gift of prophecy or faith or tongues or we want to recognize that gift and we want to honor that gift, right? But we want to we want to have love first and then covet. God use brother so and so. God use sister so- and so in the gift today. And so if you ever if we ever had a prophet of course or we ever will go to meetings where there's a prophet whenever they speak two or three got to judge it to know that it's from God or not. And that's why church when we had that tongue in 2010 interpretation that's why I went to the people because we were young that time nobody judged that gift right in that 2010 service I wasn't there my family wasn't there nobody said well let's judge this from the preacher nobody did that right so I what I have to do I have to go follow up the next week and see was that from God right but in the perfect sense you'd have a tongue interpretation and then you'd have judges we let's say Malachi was a judge thus say the Lord Mali, is that right? Was that the spirit of the Lord? Uh, Rod, was that right? Was that the spirit of the Lord or not? Okay, we got two witnesses. All right, we accept it. Praise God. Brother Ram said, "Then if it fails," he said, "You got to go to the judges and the person and repent and say, "We got an evil spirit." Now, that's serious right there. Got a lying spirit in there. All right. That's how it should operate. Now, church, do I believe this will happen before the rapture? I don't know, but I hope so by God's grace. Brother Abraham said, "Thus say the Lord, the fullness of Pentecost will be in the bride at the end time." So whatever we see in the book of Acts, the fullness of this, and it's based upon Joel chapter 2 and 23- 26, right? I'll restore all the years that the Palmer worm, the cankeror, the caterpillar, and I always forget the fourth one. Uh what was it? Palmerworm, caterpillar, was cankerworm. Is that the one I forgot? Locust. There it is. Locust. That's what I forgot. Locus. Thank you. In other words, all these years that the denomination or the evil antichrist spirit has eaten away the Holy Ghost. God's going to pour it back. Hallelujah. Amen. Church, as I told you, I've had revival, years of revival in my life where I felt like it was the book of Acts. But then we go through ups and downs. We all all got to go through seasons. 2010 to 2013 was one of those moments. I felt like the book of Acts, the rapture was on. And then we had a good uh set of healings there right there around 2020. Remember, we had numerous testimonies. I felt like that again. But then we got to go through times hard times again to be tested. So just keep serving God. I'll restore, sayeth the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Of course, when I come in the message in 2004 or 2001, I felt like that too. I felt like the book of Acts. Now, let me finish up here. If anything be revealed to another that siteth by, let the first hold his peace. In other words, the believer with the revelation must remain silent until the prophet is done speaking, there can't be any confusion. There can't be any interruptions. Okay? So that's what that's saying. Let the person let the person hold their peace until the speaker is done and then you go on. So you give the prophecy or the unknown tongue, give the interpretation and then if there's a revelation, just let that person finish and go on to the next one. For ye may all prophesy one by one that all may learn. Now remember in the in the book of Acts they learn that a famine was coming. Now wouldn't it be nice to know that inflation's coming in our day? &gt;&gt; Wouldn't that have been nice to know that was coming? Now we probably could have known if we well we would have known if the Holy Ghost would have told us but but that's the same type of thing. Prophecy will help us learn something that will help us in our life. Right? That's where prophecy can be helpful. I mean, even with that 2013 with the death of the uh pastors, well, that's good to know, too, because that lets you know God knows when it's your time to go. It makes you humble, right? Well, my goodness, God knows the years. God knows everything. He the very hairs of your head are numbered, right? Any sparrow, any any any bird that dies, God sees it fall and die. God knows all about it. So, he foretold the famine, right? and all may be comforted. Hallelujah. And the spirits of the prophets or subjects of the prophets, brother Ram said, the person who speaks in tonesues or interpretation, they have control over it. Now, brother Rod, have you ever spoken in tongues? Okay. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. That's right, brother. Now, this is what brother Ram said, and it's okay maybe if you got a different experience, but he said, Brother Ram said he knew when he was going to speak in tongues, but he had to wait till the right time to let it come out. Do you have that same experience? Okay. Okay. Amen. Oh, sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That could be your experience. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Right. Amen. Yeah. Yes, sir. No, that's good. I asked you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right, brother. Amen to that. Hallelujah. So, in the context where when brother Ram said this, he had this trouble at certain times of his ministry. He tried to preach and people would raise up to speak in tongues and prophesy and he and he and he had he you talk to him after servants say you know that wasn't the right time because the word of God is coming now this is the time to preach the word pull sinners up from the pulpit right pull them up out of sin and we didn't want an interruption of tongue interpretation and so brother Brandham taught them and all these preachers agree with brother Brandham in the questions answer 61 if you want to listen to it and they say oh yeah brother Brandham we have we have control over it the spirit of the prophets are subject to the prophets pardon me and they were able to hold it in until the right time and then brother Ram just gives a simple illustration he says how many you ever shouted in the spirit and he said he said look at the hands he said don't you have control when you shout yeah right you have control you know in other words you feel brother says you feel something coming up right I've felt that many times and then uh but you got to say it the right time, right? You don't want to say at the wrong time. You want to say at the right time. All right? So, that's that's that's just the summary, just a very simple summary of what brother Random would talk about that verse. Uh they they they can open their mouth or they can the Bible say you can quench the Holy Spirit, right? So, some people could quench the Holy Spirit, right? And that would be sin. But you also need to wait till the right time like brother talked about. Brother said after the preaching that's the time for the gifts to operate. Verse 33. For God is not the author of confusion but of peace as in all churches of the saints. So I love this. God ordained taking turns, right? Your whole life you got to learn take turns. Oh, it's turn. No, it's Malachi's turn. No, now it's Lydia's turn. Right. Everybody's got to take turns. When do I get my turn? Right, children? When do I get my turn? God started this, right? God authors this. We need to take turns with gifts, right? Two or He says two or three. Two at the most three. So that and that's that's how you can that's how you can take turns is because he God gives you control over that. Like you can either quench it or you can hold on to it at the right time and let it go and let the words be said at the right time. All right. Even Yeah. Sure, brother. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; For sure. Sure. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; For sure. Amen, brother. Yeah. He told the story one time uh he was in meetings and it was like numerous meetings like in a row, like five in a row. And he said uh he said one he's preaching, brother M's trying to give his altar call and a woman raises up and distracts from the altar call with a tongue interpretation. He said it happened again. He said the third night um third night he was walking the meeting and there was that woman. He he said she was fixing her hair saying I've got another message from the Lord tonight. And so brother said as soon as she stood up he she he said sit down because she's she's getting herself to look good to stand up and prophesy. Brother said, "Sit down. That's not the Holy Spirit." Now, Brother Rod, I want to say this on every tape. I've never heard Brother Bam rebuke anybody speaking in tongues and actually interrupting his preaching. So, that shows what a gentleman he was. And also, it must have been led of the Lord. And what that meant, brother Bam says, those people just weren't trained to wait to give the prophecy and interpretation at the right time. And then another on top of that, it could be that would signal if it was like an altar call, that would signal the altar call to start. Like if it's a prophecy calling for repentance or even healing. So I just want to let you know that brother told that story, but I've never heard it on tape other than him telling the story. I've never heard him live in live right there rebuking somebody and say, "Sit down and you're out of order." But he told the story about it. Okay, that's great. Great great story, brother. Now, here's where it is. That's called a pillcrow. Isn't that a weird word for that? That's called a pillcrow. That little paragraph sign there. The pillcrow makes the beginning of a new paragraph or a topic shift. So, it's not in every King James Bible, but I like them in my Bible. I I like to know when did the prophet change thoughts? Isn't it helpful to know? So, you know, he's he's switching now. So, now now you know the verses, but these verses are going to be little different thought than the previous verses. I remember they added the numbers in like a couple hundred years ago. I mean those numbers like 1 Corinthians 13:10 that was the verse 10 and chapter 13 wasn't in the original manuscript. It was just added for help, right? For benefit that we could find things. So now he switches gears. He says, "Let your women keep silent the churches." So it seems like Corinthians let the women preach, but Paul says, "Keep them silent in the churches, for it's not permitted unto them to speak, but they are commanded to be under obedience as also saith the law. And if they will learn anything, let them ask their husbands at home." So the first person the w the married woman is supposed to ask a question is her husband. Okay? For it's a shame for a woman to speak in the church or preach in the church. It's not a shame for a woman to say amen. It's not a shame for a woman to say hallelujah. I like that when you sisters say that. Uh amen. I just say that. Um now every commentator I read which was uh JFB uh Barnes Henry uh I forget the other ones they all said as also say the law law refers to Genesis 3:16 where Eve is made uh to be under Adam's rule uh thy husband shall rule over thee. So all the commentators seem to agree on that and that is also agreed by Paul in second Timothy chapter 2 because Paul says don't let the women preach and teach right don't let her assert authority over men he says why because Adam was formed first then Eve and then Eve was deceived in the transgression Adam was not okay and and additionally on top of all that the law never permits a woman to be a priestess women were never allowed into the priesthood Right? They couldn't minister before God. They couldn't teach. The priest, the priest was the teacher as well. The Bible says that as well. Okay. And then I like this. Then he changes thought again. What? Now he's finishing up this chapter. He says, "Came the word of God out from you or came unto you only? You've allowed women preachers. You've allowed all these tongues to go forth. Did the word of God come out of you?" It's got quite a good rebuke, isn't it? Paul's saying, "I got the word of the Lord." No doubt they knew. Jesus Christ met Paul in Arabia and taught him the gospel. No doubt they knew. And he's saying, "What? Didn't the word of God come out of me? It didn't It didn't go to you. It came to me." Right? If any man think himself to be a prophet or even spiritual, let it acknowledge the things that I write unto you are the commandments of the Lord. So these are commandments of the Lord, church. Ain't that beautiful? Hallelujah. But then church, now remember this. Brother Ram was very gracious to women preachers. Brother Ram was very gracious to people that spoke in tongues and interrupted his preaching, right? Because why? Because these are minors, right? It's a minor. The major is salvation by the blood of Jesus Christ, not by works, lest any man should boast. Don't trust in your creed for salvation. Trust in the blood of Jesus Christ for salvation. &gt;&gt; That's a major brother. Remember we did that Bible study children a couple weeks ago, three weeks ago. Never major on a minor, right? Major on a major. &gt;&gt; Paul says, "If any man's ignorant of this, let him be ignorant." In other words, let the blind lead the blind. Right? Wherefore, brethren, covet to prophesy and forbid not to speak with tongues. That's why I said, if someone speaks in tones, speak in tonesues. We'll pray for the interpretation. But we should desire prophecies. In other words, God give us dreams or God give us visions. Oh, yeah, that's right. Yeah, that brother I told you about with interracial marriage. He's had visions that God told him something like, "Why would you call this wrong when my word calls it right?" A vision. He was wide awake and he saw a vision of God saying, "This is right in the Bible." There's nothing wrong with interracial marriage according to the Bible. &gt;&gt; You just got to be church. You just want to be led of the Lord whoever you marry. &gt;&gt; It's not like, "Well, I'm a white man. I'm going to go chase a black woman." Or, "I'm a black man. I'm going to go chase a white woman." That's not the right attitude. It's God, who do you want me to marry? &gt;&gt; Because I believe the word of God. And I want to be yolked to the person God wants me to be yolked to. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Young people, I'm already yolked. You, if you're not yolked, you better pray. Hallelujah. Pray. Verse 40. Let all things be done decently. That means honestly and in order. So God's a God of order. God's a God of taking turns. So the second time he says covet those best gifts expressed by the apostle. Let's stand to our feet. Uh musicians can come. So tonight church let's pray for uh gifts to operate of course with the love of God. Let's also pray for uh prophecy. Let's let's see if God will speak to us somehow in a dream or something along those lines. You know u you remember that nice little testimony I told you or maybe sister Yeah. Remember, sister Naomi told her testimony. Remember in 2017 in the other uh room over there, I preach on spiritual gifts. And then remember sister Naomi spoke in tongues right at the end of the service. Remember that. And that was part of her testimony because she had told her dad before. She said, uh, "Brother William, I'm I'm speaking for her behalf, so if I mess up the story, please correct me." Uh, but I think she told her dad, "Lord, will you let me speak in tongues so I know I've got the baptism of the Holy Ghost." And then she forgot about it. All these years later, she flies across the ocean and a little known nobody preacher preaches on gifts and then she speaks in tonesues as a and then she remembered, "That's right. I did pray to speak in tonesues as a a proof that I'm born again." &gt;&gt; And that was her request. So, we thank the Lord for God's grace. Hallelujah. Thank God for amazing grace. How many thankful this Thanksgiving? Praise God. So, let's have a word of prayer, church. If anyone needs prayer, you're more than welcome to come. But I imagine if there's not, then um let's pray for prophecy, right? Let's pray that our church could be edified. &gt;&gt; Remember, God has foretold us a few things in the last year, right? Especially regarding with people in the church and what was going to happen. God told us that prophetically, right? We knew beforehand. Uh didn't quite understand it, but God told us beforehand. So, we know we're in the plan of God. We're know we're know we're in the hand of God by living in love. We're loving, right? We're supposed to be loving, following the word of God. But we'll also pray that God will speak in some dream vision. And remember, we're just visited Sunday night with a man who saw a vision, a man who dreamed dreams about the word of God. And God showed him the truth of the Bible. Praise God. Let's bow our heads. Dear God, we're thankful for tonight. Bless this audience. They've been very patient. I preached extra long here tonight. Uh because we don't have work tomorrow. So God, we're thankful, Lord, for a day where we don't have to work tomorrow. Thank you, Jesus, for the time off. Thank you for the family time. Thank you for the fellowship, Lord, we'll have. We also want to reflect on this year. Thank you for another wonderful year, Lord. 2025 has been a great year of your mercy, your provision, Lord God. Hallelujah. Lord, we have one more reason to count our blessings. You protected Malachi there on the road. Lord God, another reason to say thank you, God. Thank you for your blessings, God. Those visitors on Sunday night. Thank you, God, for people that will pray and fast for revelation on the word of God. And just use my life in a real small way to be encouragement to them. Thank you, Lord God. Lord, we realize we're right in your hand, Lord God. Sometimes it might not seem like that having such a small church. I know I battle that. Enemy fights us with different things. Yet, Lord, we know if we're obedient, if we pray, if we fast, if we wait on you, if we stay under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, that God, you'll give us these revelations. Hallelujah. these doctrines, these psalms, these prophecies, Lord God. So we thank you tonight, Lord, for all these things you've done. Father, we want to pray for prophecy, Lord God. It would edify everyone, Lord, to hear you, Lord God. Foretell something and then it come to pass. Lord, we never want to impersonate anything. We never want to try to pretend to be spiritual. We just want your Holy Spirit to flow through us, Lord God. Lord, we want our church to be edified, God. Lord, I want to see it. I'm sure they want to see it. Me, we all want to see each other get stronger spiritually, mature spiritually, Lord God. Grow as a Christian. Hallelujah. Lord God, we all want to see everybody stimulated, comforted, calmed despite the trials of life. Lord God, so Lord Jesus, here we are, Lord God. We love you tonight. We're just going to worship, God. And I pray speak to us through dreams. Lord, I've had these two dreams about preachers. I didn't see much significance in them, but if I miss something, God, just show it to me. I love you, Lord God. Just want to thank you for your word tonight. Again, thank you for all the saints that came out to the house of the Lord here tonight. God, speak to us. Edify your people, Lord God. Lord, I'll give you thanks. If someone, one person speaks in tongues, I'll give you thanks. I'll be happy. But Lord, I'm praying, God, that the whole church could be edified, Lord God. the whole church could receive something from you, Lord God. Thanks for showing us in these little ways. You're with us. You're protecting us. Hallelujah. You're providing for us. We just want to walk in complete obedience to you, God, by your grace and mercy. Lord, we give you thanks. We ask all these blessings in Jesus.
