################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - (4-20-25) I Have The Keys of Hell and Death - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-20
Title:   (4-20-25) I Have The Keys of Hell and Death - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEh3skB6R6I
========================================

of hell and death. We'll preach on the Lord Jesus today. Praise God. He's alive and well. Revelation 11:17. So we're thankful for such a special day. Now, yesterday I was feel I was thinking about, you know, how when I was a kid, I used to do egg hunts and stuff like that. So, we're not going to have an egg hunt today, but I do have toys for the kids. One little toy per family. Uh, so we get to play after service by God's grace. So, and I heard, you know, I listened to a Jewish rabbi and he said they actually have a little event for the children uh on Passover where they go looking for leaven in the house. So it's so it's it's very similar to you know how kids go looking for eggs today. Raise your hand. Did anybody ever go looking for eggs when they were little? Was it just me, Austin? Okay, Chris. A couple. So I don't know if Christians took that idea from the Jews or Jews took that idea from the Christians. I'm not sure. I'd imagine the Jews had it first, but I don't know how orthodox those Jews were. But I thought I just felt, you know, a little feeling for the children. I got some new toys for the children, some balls and uh some bats and things like that and some just some play toys we can play with after service by God's grace. Hallelujah. But let's look at the word of God. How many looking forward to the word of God today? Hallelujah. Jesus said, "I have the keys of hell and death." Hallelujah. Revelation 11:17 and 18. I'll read 17 and we can all read 18 together. The Bible says, "And when I saw him, I fell at his feet as dead. And he laid his right hand upon me, saying unto me, fear not. I am the first and the last." Let's read 18 together. 1 2 3. I am he that liveth and was dead, and behold, I am alive forever more. Amen. And have the keys of hell and death. May God add his blessing to the reading of his word. You can be seated. So again, we're happy to be here in the house of the Lord today. I want to thank you for your prayers. Uh we had good travel on Friday. Brother Rod and I drove 11 hours down to Williamsburg and picked up the car he wanted to give away. That was very kind. And then I drove home four hours on Friday night and then I drove the rest yesterday. I slept pretty good last night. About eight hours of rest. That's usually that's a lot for me. So I feel pretty good today. Uh but we'll just have one service. You can rest today, spend time with your family, and uh trust you'll have a wonderful day resting in the Lord. Praise God. We uh also want to uh I want to read a few quotes from God's prophet, brother Brandham, about how this is the greatest week in the message Easter Seal in 1965. Uh brother Ram said that this coming week, he was speaking the week before Easter, is the most and the greatest historical week of all the weeks of the year. I think that the greatest thing we can celebrate this week, the greatest event that ever take place on the earth, I don't think anything could surpass it. You say, "Well, the crucifixion was great, but many man has died. Many men has been crucified even in the some even in the same days of our Lord." But there was only one of them who raised up from the dead that sealed it. Praise God. So, we know the death, burial, and resurrection of Jesus is the greatest event. He's the only one that defeated death. Hallelujah. And then he says here, I think as savior when Jesus died and as an infant when he was born, he could not have been here less being coming to the earth. And when he died, certainly he atoned for our sin. But yet there's many fine little babies born. There's been many men who suffered and died for a real cause. But there never was one that could raise himself up again until this day, until the day of Christ. Now, this is the greatest week in history. the greatest celebration of all times. This Easter is where he proved what he had said. Men can say things, but yet it isn't exactly what can be believed upon thoroughly until it's been proved to be the truth. And as God God said, "Prove all things. Hold fast that which is good." He would not tell you to do something that he could not do himself. So he proved who he was that he died for our sins and rose for our justification. Hallelujah. So we're thankful, you know, as we even saw on Wednesday night, you know, God has shown through all res or I'm sorry, all nature that he has resurrected. Hallelujah. Remember, we went through the number three on Wednesday, went through the number four. All these earthly numbers, these per perfect numbers, all these numbers show us that Jesus Christ is the way to salvation. He's God's son. Hallelujah. Now, the word key, I want to look at that word key in Revelation 1:18. The Bible said he has the keys of death and hell. Now the word key means the keeper of the keys who has power to open and shut and it's used in the New Testament to signify power and authority of various kinds. Hallelujah. So Jesus now has the power to open and shut death and hell. Hallelujah. Now church, he even proved this before he was uh crucified. I think he raised, if I'm not mistaken, he raised three people from the dead. even before he died. Hallelujah. So there was three funerals that he uh interrupted and brought life out of death. Hallelujah. Already proving that he had the power but he had to go down to hell to actually gain the full power and rescue those who are waiting in the heart of the earth. Praise God. So Jesus has power to open uh hell. Hallelujah. Power to uh to to shut death. Hallelujah. To to open up life. Hallelujah. He has power. He has the keys of death and hell. Hallelujah. And church, that gives us so much consolation. Even when we have loved ones who passed away, maybe untimely, or maybe they lived a full life, we have such confidence because Jesus has power over their life. Jesus has power over their death. Hallelujah. Jesus has power over all of it. Hallelujah. And we know he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Praise God. And he and we know Jesus can save to the uttermost. So no matter how far it seems like people are far from God, Jesus can reach his almighty hand. He can reach even to them to save their souls. Hallelujah. He can deal with them. And the Bible said even in Job that he'll minister through their dreams. And God will speak to people through their dreams so that when they wake up, they'll have a new inspiration on God. Hallelujah. Or they'll have faith in God. God can save through dreams. God can save through the preaching of the word. God can save through visions. Hallelujah. He can save to the uttermost. Hallelujah. And he has power as he proved there even on the cross as he's in the middle the middle cross. We listen to that song on the way here. Uh he even proved there he can extend forgiveness uh to the lowest of the low uh thieves and murderers. If they only recognize that Jesus is holy, Jesus is worthy. If they can just judge that the word is right and if they just ask and call upon the name of the Lord, they shall be saved. Hallelujah. Jesus gives us power. Hallelujah. He gives the power to save from death. And of course, he rescued from hell as we'll review here today uh by the grace of God. So, if you have your Bible, let's go uh to uh scripture here. Let's go uh to 1 Peter 3. We'll go there and see again. We'll read that. How uh Jesus conquered death. Hallelujah. 1 Peter 3. Sorry, my Bible was down here. 1 Peter 3:18. Hallelujah. So the Bible says in 3:18, "For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, and that ought to make us rejoice. He suffered for sins that we don't have to suffer for our sins." Hallelujah. The just for the unjust. We are the unjust. Hallelujah. So often we look at others and well, they're not saved and they're unjust. But really, we were all at that point. Hallelujah. We were all unjust. And Jesus was the just one, the righteous one, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the spirit. Amen. So, let's be encouraged. We are brought to God today. Hallelujah. He brought us to God. And remember, Acts 17 says, "He's not far from each one of us." Hallelujah. That's right. And verse 19, by which also he went and preached unto the spirits that were imprisoned. So the body of Jesus remained in the tomb of Joseph of Arythea and the spirit of Jesus descended down into the depths of hell. That's right. And church, while he was down there, look how look at how he what what he does. He preaches to the disobedient souls in 1 Peter 3:20 which were sometime disobedient when once the longsuffering of God weighed in the days of Noah while the ark was the preparing where in few that is eight souls were saved by water. Listen church if you ever get frustrated with preaching let me encourage you change your heart because look at this. These people are lost and they've still got to listen to preaching. So many people run from preaching. they they get discouraged or something like that. Church, turn to God. Repent. Don't get angry with the preaching. Accept the preaching. Hallelujah. Change your attitude so the preaching will help you, not so you'll be upset with it. Hallelujah. Amen. Because if you don't accept it now, if you don't receive the preaching now, you're still going to have to listen to it. Amen. So, let's listen to preaching while we can have the mercy of God to accept it. Hallelujah. And the preaching will benefit us so that we can go to heaven. Hallelujah. and not still have to hear preaching even after there's no hope for us. Let us receive the preaching today with hope. Hallelujah. That will be saved. Hallelujah. So either way, they're going to have to hear preaching. So you might as well get used to it. You might as well love it. Hallelujah. If you don't love it, say, "Lord, change my heart. I want to love the preaching of the word." Hallelujah. Eight souls are saved by water. Verse 21. the like figure where unto even baptism doth also now save us. Not the putting away the filth of the flesh, but the answer of a good conscience toward God. See, you and I putting our sins away, that's not what saves us. Well, I overcame smoking. I overcame drinking. I That's not what actually did it. It's what Jesus did for us. Hallelujah. Jesus gave you the power to put away these addictions, the power to put away those bad habits. But it was all Jesus that did it. Hallelujah. It was you had a good conscience. Your conscience looked at Jesus. He died for me. Uh all my sin went on him. I accept him. I believe in him. It was the good conscience. It was the faith that you received. That's what God has for us to be saved by. Saved by grace, not of our works of putting away. Now, we can rejoice. Thank God I overcame. Thank God I overcame. Thank God I overcame. But that's not what saves us. We're saved because we judge Jesus as the lamb of God who takes away our sin. Hallelujah. That's right. See, and by the resurrection. So, we have a good conscience toward God because we know Jesus died for us and raised for us as well. Praise God. Who has gone into heaven and is on the right hand of God. Angels and authorities and powers being made subject unto him. Now, the Bible says in Hebrews 2:14, "Before Calvary, Satan held the keys of death and hell because Satan uh deceived Eve and then uh Adam gave into sin." And the Bible said in 2 Peter 2:19, "For of whom a man is overcome, the same as he brought in bondage." Hallelujah. So, for the next 4,000 years after Adam and Eve fell, Satan had all even believers in bondage. Remember, the Bible said they would offer in Hebrews 10, they'd offer sacrifices, but their conscience never really got clean. But the Bible says in the New Testament, our conscience should be clean. Hallelujah. Because we have a more powerful blood. We have the blood of God. The Bible says a creative blood of God, not animal blood, which only covers over, but creative blood of God that abolishes all the sin, sends it away, remits it. And the Bible said total forgiveness or true forgiveness, forgiveness of all of our sins. Hallelujah. So the blood of God's lamb takes away the sin. Hallelujah. And so Jesus came and the Bible said without shedding of blood, there's no remission of sin. And Jesus shed the blood that our sins would be forgiven. Hallelujah. The blood of bulls and goats can never take away sin. 1 Corinthians 15 says, "For since by man came death, by man came also the resurrection of the dead. For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all men be alive." All of us can look at our flesh and at some point or another, we can see our bodies die because of what Adam did. We're descendants of Adam. Hallelujah. We're descendants of Adam and Eve and of course Noah's offspring. And we're and our bodies are all going to die because of that. But if we have faith in Christ, we're we have the promise that we shall live. Hallelujah. Our souls shall not die. Our soul souls shall not be separated from Christ. Our souls are Christ. They belong to Christ. And our souls will be with him forever throughout eternity. Hallelujah. God could not die in the spirit form. So he had to create a body that he could dwell in. Hallelujah. The Bible said, "A body hast thou prepared me." Hallelujah. And then God sent that body called Emmanuel. God with us. God sent that body to the cross. Hallelujah. And I love what Hebrews 10 says, "For by one offering he hath perfected forever them that are sanctified, and their sins and iniquities will I remember no more." Church, God, don't remember your sins when you confess your sins. Amen. Hallelujah. Satan likes to whisper and all the time, remember this, remember that. Look what you did there. Look what you did there. But you have a scripture to say, God doesn't remember it. I confess it. Hallelujah. You got to take us, you either got to believe Satan or rebuke him. Let's rebuke him. Let's cast him down. Jesus did away with our sins. Hallelujah. God does not remember it. Hallelujah. And the Bible said where the remission of these sins are, there is no more offering for sin. We don't need Jesus to die again for the sins we commit today or tomorrow or the next day. That one sacrifice wipe them all out. Praise God. Amen. We need to trust in the sacrifice, the lamb of God that God has already sent. We need to trust that it is a finished work. Hallelujah. And it has to be finished because Jesus rose up. I'm sorry. God rose up Jesus from the dead as proof that it is finished. Hallelujah. And he even said it. Hallelujah. It is finished. Glory. Now, we know uh Jesus went into the heart of the earth, the Bible says, and he took the keys of death from Satan. Hallelujah. Brother Ram dramatizes it and we've gone before, but the Bible said uh the Bible said that Satan didn't know what was going on. The Bible said none of the princes of this world would have crucified him had they known what God was accomplishing. Hallelujah. That's right. If Herod and Pilate and especially Satan had known what Jesus would accomplish after his death, they would not have helped crucify him. What was it going to accomplish? We've talked about it. The spirit of burning. It's going to accomplish people that are filled with the same spirit that was in Jesus. Hallelujah. And they would be true witnesses. Hallelujah. They'd have true power and they'd be able to say, "Greater is he that's in me than he that's in the world." Amen. And because he lives, I shall live also. Praise God. They would not have done it. They would not have sent him to the cross if they had known that the spirit that was on Jesus was now going to come upon all the believers. Hallelujah. Satan would not have crucified Jesus if he knew Jesus was going to come down down there and rescue all his Old Testament saints. Hallelujah. And help them to ascend on high and lead captivity into a greater cap captivity, a holy captivity. Amen. Satan would not have him crucified if he knew he knew he's going to lose all of his prisoners down there. But Jesus come down there and open the prison doors. He set them free, church. And he's already set you free as well. Hallelujah. You don't have to go to hell. Hallelujah. You don't have to be a slave. He's already set us free. Many of us just have to accept it. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. And I love that. Pull up Psalm 16:10. Hun. I love how Jesus or God hid the resurrection in one verse here in Psalm 16:10. For thou will not leave my soul in hell, neither wilt thou suffer thine holy one to see corruption. There's over 23,000 verses in the Old Testament. Hallelujah. So 10% would have been 2,00 uh 300, right? Uh 1% would have been 230 verses. So, one verse out of 23,000 is of the smallest of percentages. A percent of 1%, a very small percent, a tiny little percent. God hid the revelation in one verse. Hallelujah. It might seem insignificant, but there was so much power in this one verse, church. That's how your life is. You're just one little insignificant person, but God can hide his power in you and I. Hallelujah. Resurrection power. Amen. Think about that. Satan knew the verses. Brother said Satan could quote the entire Bible because he's a supernatural being. So, Satan knew the entire Bible, but he didn't have the revelation of the scripture. So, he missed seeing this that God would not leave uh the spirit of Jesus in hell, but God would raise him up. Hallelujah. And so, we're blessed to know this that God hides his word, his revelation between the lines. And the Bible says that you and I have treasure in our earth and vessels. This was a treasure hidden in the scripture. And so now you have the spirit of God. And the spirit of God is hidden in your flesh. Hallelujah. It's hidden in your vessel. Praise be to his name. Hallelujah. I like Acts 2 verse 24. Let's read that. Acts 2:24. The Bible said that Jesus has loosed the pains of death. So any pain you feel or any fear that you have of death, Jesus has loosed us from that. We should not fear death for our loved ones, for us. Jesus has loosed us from those pains. See, they had the pain. You know, David and Job wondered Jed, they go down. We don't hear from them again. But then of course, Job got the revelation. He said, "I know my redeemer lives and I'll stand on the earth with him in the last day. In my flesh, I shall see God." Hallelujah. Amen. But they wondered before that. Hallelujah. But Jesus loosed the pain or the fear of death. Hallelujah. And the Bible said it was not possible that he should be holden of it. Praise God. Death could not hold Jesus because Jesus never sinned. Hallelujah. The wages of sin is death. So what the we the punishment for sin is death. But Jesus never sinned. So death could not hold him. It was impossible for death to hold him. He was more powerful than death. Hallelujah. Now say like this. He's more powerful than death today. Hallelujah. He's more powerful than sin today. Any sin that could try to hold you. Any stronghold, any complex, any addiction, his power, his spirit gives us power to be loosed from those things today. Death and sin cannot hold a true believer today. Hallelujah. That's right. Hallelujah. If death couldn't hold him, neither can any demon hold us. Praise God. Because it's not possible. The spirit of God gives us the victory. Hallelujah. And then the Bible says in Matthew 27 that they uh the the saints from the Old Testament came up out of the graves after his resurrection and went into the holy city and appeared unto many. Job's prophecy had come true. Job had been waiting for over almost 2,000 years because he had said, "I know my redeemer liveth." And he shall stand a at the latter day upon the earth. And though my skinworms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God, whom I shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall behold and not another, though my reigns be consumed within me. Imagine Job had prophesied that. And no doubt he'd wondered about it the rest of his life. But here Job is raised. And now Job sees Jesus here in Jerusalem and he could say he could say it. This day this scripture is fulfilled. Hallelujah. This day the prophecy God gave me is fulfilled. I'm standing in flesh and I see God. I don't see a second person. I don't see a third person. But I see Jesus. He's God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. And then he was seen for 40 days. Now that's the hope we have. Brother Ram said, uh, Brother Ram said we might, uh, see our loved ones for a month or so. He said, a month or so. And I hope that's the case. I hope at this second resurrection, praise God. I hope that we see our loved ones and the saints of old for a month or so. Wouldn't that be a powerful month? Hallelujah. To see uh, Brother Brandham and Martin Luther and John Wesley and all the saints, New Testament saints down through the ages walking around. Hallelujah. Uh, just appearing to us. Brother said they just appear to you. He says, "And then you'll know in a few moments you'll be changed as well." Praise God. They got a change. They got a resurrection. If they're if I see them, I'll get a resurrection, too. Praise God. That's right. And then at the conclusion of the 40 days, Jesus ascended to heaven in a cloud in the sight of his apostles in Acts chapter 1. And then Ephesians 4:8 says, "When he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive." Hallelujah. He led them from the heart of the earth into the sixth dimension. Hallelujah. Or we'd say into the third heaven. Hallelujah. Or into paradise. Paradise changed its location. It went from the heart of the earth now to heaven. Hallelujah. Glory to God. And then Psalm 24:es 7-10 quotes it. And brother Ram said, "This is Jesus's voice saying, "Lift up your heads, oh ye gates, and be lift up, ye everlasting doors, and the King of glory shall come in." Look at Jesus saying, "Open up gates." Now you I think some people probably have that power on their phone now. You can just speak it and the garage door will open. I don't have that yet, but some people probably got it, right? Where'd they get that from? They got that from Jesus. Jesus is coming home and he says, "Lift up the gates, angels." Hallelujah. The King of glory is coming in. Go to the next verse, verse eight. And they say, "Who is this King of glory?" And the Lord answers and the people. Now, all the Old Testament saints answer back, "The Lord strong and mighty, the Lord mighty in battle." What battle did he fight? He fought on the cross. He fought by dying for our sins. That was the great battle. And brother B said, "Where did that battle actually get victory of?" It was in the Garden of Gethsemane. So where was his battle in prayer before he went to the cross? Where's your battle? Where are you going to get victory? In your prayer. Jesus got the greatest victory ever by praying for an hour before he was crucified. And church, sometimes we can't hardly pray one minute, right? But if Jesus got the greatest victory by praying for one hour, surely we can get a victory as well. Hallelujah. If we just spend some time with God, call out to God, ask him for strength. Ask him for victory. Hallelujah. He's mighty in battle. And church, you'll win your greatest battles in prayer. Hallelujah. If you haven't got many great battles yet is you haven't got to do some more prayer. Hallelujah. That's where you get your victory in prayer. That's where Jesus got the victory in prayer. And the church said, "Amen." That's right. Now, we can see it that it's the prayer that we get the victory. Praise God. That's why Jesus, we had that verse up yesterday. Jesus said, "Oh, Peter, couldn't you even pray with me one hour?" And look, he because he couldn't pray, look, he lost the battle. But look, God gave him another chance. And church, God is the God of second and third chances. Thank God he keeps giving us more chances. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, and also Hebrews 12:2, Acacia, part of this prayer, yes, you're you're going to fight the battles, but through this prayer, you're going to find joy in prayer. Now, remember, all this was possible. Jesus taking the keys of death and hell. All this was possible because he prayed a longer prayer in the garden. Now, what the Bible say? We should look to who? Who should we look to today? Brother Jesse or brother Brandham or or uh brother uh Perry Green or something like this? No, we look to Jesus. Praise God. He's the author and finisher of our faith. He wrote the book about faith. He gave us all the keys to faith. Hallelujah. Who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross. So as he prayed, God must have showed him if you endure this, if you can endure Friday, Sunday's coming. Hallelujah. If you can just and think about the joy the the father must have showed him, you're going to suffer. You're going to suffer awfully like no man has ever suffered. But as soon as the suffering's over, you'll go down and rescue all my children. Amen. You'll rescue my children out of the prison house if you can just suffer for a while. church. If we can just suffer with people, pray for people, wait upon the Lord, then God will give us grace to win some souls. Praise God. Oh, the joy. So, in the suffering, and he, as he bled the drops of blood, he remembered also the joy. The joy is going to come Saturday. See, in the Old Testament saints, the joy is going to come Sunday when I show myself alive to my disciples. Praise God. The joy that was set before him. And church, in our lives, what do we got? We're have to endure shame as well. People are going to call us all kinds of names. Most of our families are probably going to reject us. We're going to get called this cult. We're going to get called that. We're going to get called holy roller. We're going to get called you think you're better than holier than thou. All these things. But church, through prayer, the Holy Spirit will show you there's joy that will be in front of you. You must suffer. You must struggle. But the struggle and suffering is worth it for the joy that's set before us. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes. You'll get your greatest battles, I'm sorry, your greatest victories in the battles that are on your knees in prayer. Hallelujah. That's how Jesus got the greatest battle. Hallelujah. Now Jesus has reigned and now he sits at the right hand of the majesty on high. And the Bible says he ever lives to make intercession for us. Hallelujah. Now, now church, we have the promise. If we should die and go to the grave, our body just goes to the grave. But our soul does not descend down. Our soul raises up to heaven. 2 Corinthians 5:1 says, "For we know that if our earthly house," let's say, I know. Ready? I know. We know. I know. If this house is dissolved, we have a building of God, a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. So, Brother Chris, if God would terry, as soon as my spirit leaves this body, I get a brand new one. Praise God. I know that. Why? Because Jesus promised it. Praise God. That's why he raised. He raised to give life over hell. He has the keys of hell. He conquered hell. And now he can open heaven and a new body, a new dwelling place, a new future. Praise God. New hope. He can open all this to you and I because he conquered death and hell. Amen. We have a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. For in this we grown earnestly, desiring to be clothed upon with our house which is from heaven. As you get older, Jose and Beatatric can probably say, "Amen." As you get older, you'll you'll grown for a new body. You'll grown. I'm I'm already groaning for that, too. I'm groaning for a new body that used to feel new like it used to. Praise God. But the Bible says we'll have that groaning. We're groaning though for a better house in our younger house. We're groaning for an eternal house. And that house is waiting for us in heaven. Praise God. Glory. And so now we can say that we're caught up into paradise. If our bodies should ever die here on earth, we should not fear death. Hallelujah. Because the joy that's set before us. Paul also said in 2 Corinthians 5, we are confident, I say, and willing rather to be absent from the body and to be present with the Lord. So Paul knew, I'm I was I'm willing to give my life as a martyr like those uh uh saints from Nigeria that gave their lives just this week. They're willing to be absent from the body so they can be present with the Lord. That's right. All right. So now that's a little review there for paradise. Hallelujah. Now, I just want to briefly go over there's at least seven. Now, these are just seven um really important ones, but they're all important. But there's at least seven types of Christ defeating death. The life of Adam is a is a foreshadowing of Christ. Jesus is called the last Adam. And Adam chose death to be with Eve. Adam wasn't deceived when he saw when he found his wife in the condition she was in. But he chose to take on her sin in order that he might uh be with her. Hallelujah. He chose to take sin on him in order that he might be with his wife. He was innocent but yet he chose to take on sin willingly just like Jesus willingly took on our sin. And through that he became one with his wife. Uh he redeemed his wife. And so Adam through his the taking on the sin redeemed because God showed Adam, I'm going to sacrifice some lambs for you and I'm going to put coats of skins upon you. I'm going to give a sacrifice so you can be forgiven and I'm going to let you have your wife. You and your wife will be together. Hallelujah. And Jesus took on our shame. Hallelujah. That we might take on his righteousness and forever be with Jesus. Hallelujah. Adam's wife came from his side. And the Bible says uh that we came from the mind of Christ. We were chosen in him. Ephesians 1:4. As all men die in Adam, all men live in Christ. Hallelujah. Isaac is the second type. Hebrews 11:17. Could you pull it up there? Hebrews 11:17, 18, and 19. The Bible said that God told Abraham, "Go sacrifice your son." But Abraham had a revelation. Even if God, even if he's killed, God can raise him from the dead. Hallelujah. By faith, Abraham, when he was tried, offered up Isaac. And he that received the promises offered up his only begotten son. That's a type of God the father of whom it is said that in Isaac shall thy seed be called. So God had already told Abraham, "Your seed is going to come through Isaac." So Abraham knew if Isaac dies, God's going to have to raise him from the dead because God already told me all the seed is coming through Isaac. Praise God. That's why Abraham could take his son to to kill him because he already had the promise of God. Hallelujah. And church, we already have the promise of God. If we die, we'll live again. Hallelujah. We'll just die here as far as we'll separate from here, but we'll live again and we'll live forever more for eternity. Eternity. Hallelujah. Verse 19. See, Abraham accounted. He knew God was able to raise him up even from the dead. from whence also he received him in a figure. Hallelujah. So Abraham when he received Isaac off the altar and put a substitute. Hallelujah. That was a figure of Jesus Christ. We are the seed of Abraham. We we deserve to die for our sins. But God took us off the altar and gave us Jesus. Hallelujah. To forgive the seed of Abraham. Amen. To pardon the seed of Abraham. You don't have to die. You don't have to be killed for your sins. You have to pay for your sins. God has provided a sacrifice. Hallelujah. Glory. The life of Joseph gives it as well. We know Joseph was sold for third or 20 pieces of silver. Jesus sold for 30. Joseph was hated by his brother, loved of his father, put in prison with two others. One died, one lived. Just like Jesus on the cross, one died, one lived. Joseph was given a gentile wife just as Jesus is given a gentile wife. The brothers don't like him. Just like the Jews rejected Jesus. Hallelujah. But I love what Joseph said. What you intended for evil, God meant for good. The Jews and the devils and all these, they they intended Jesus crucifixion to be for evil, but God turned it around and made it for good. That's why we call it Good Friday. Praise God. Amen. And then after that, Joseph becomes second in command, just like Jesus at the right hand of the father. And Joseph sustains the whole gentile world. He feeds the whole world. And that's what Jesus is doing now. He said, "I am the bread of life." Hallelujah. The only bread the world is receiving, the only spiritual bread is the word of God. So Jesus now as Joseph ruled over the Gentiles. So Jesus now rules and reigns over the Gentiles. The Jews don't know him. But Jesus will reveal himself to the 144,000 brothers all alone. His bride's not in the room. Hallelujah. So Jesus after the rapture, Jesus will leave us. He'll sneak down, reveal himself to the 144,000, and they'll recognize that that their brother has forgiven them. What they meant for evil, God meant for good. And God even gives the brothers chains of reignment. God even gives the brothers eternal life. Hallelujah. Even though they left Joseph for dead. Oh, the love of God. The third example is the Passover lamb in the days of Exodus. In Exodus chapter 12, the lamb's blood on the doorpost would cause death to pass over just like the blood of Jesus on our lives causes death to pass over. Oh church, death is not going to strike you. Hallelujah. I'm talking about spiritual death. Spiritual death cannot strike you because the blood of Jesus Christ is applied to your heart. Praise God. Death will pass over. The life's already been given. You already have the life of Jesus on display. It's on display in your daily life. The lamb offered was without blemish. 1 Peter 1 says Jesus was the lamb without blemish. The lamb could have no broken bones. Exodus 12:46 and John 19:33 through36 Jesus had no broken bones. The lamb was slain on the 14th day of Nissan at twilight according to Exodus 12 3 and 4. And Jesus died on the 14th day of Nissan. Hallelujah. Right before twilight around 3:00, he dismissed his spirit. Think about that. Brother Ram Brother said while Jesus was dying there, the Jews were in the temple up up the hill right on Mount Mariah. The Jews were in the temple offering the the Passover lamb and they were singing, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?" They're singing that while Jesus is saying it on the cross. Both are going on, right? But it was God. That's how much God wanted to show them. I'm fulfilling the word. That was a type and shadow. But Jesus is the reality lamb. Hallelujah. And that's why God ripped the temple from the top to the bottom. It was heaven breaking the veil. And now we're not kept out of the presence of God. Now we're invited to the presence of God. And that's what the presence of God is. The spirit of judgment and the spirit of burning. When you can judge yourself guilty of sin and confess your sin, that's God's spirit. Now you're in his presence. And now you say, "God, I I fully uh devote myself to you. I fully give you all my life." And the spirit of burning will come on your heart and burn in your soul. Give you a desire to serve Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, the Passover lamb. The Bible says the blood was applied for their protection and also their safe travels. And that's what we have. We have faith in the blood of Jesus Christ and it guides us throughout all of our travels. Hallelujah. That blood is going to make the way. It's going to open the way that we can be justified, sanctified, and filled with the Holy Ghost. The blood is the beginning point of that journey. Hallelujah. And even the lamb was eaten as part of that meal. Exodus 12:8 says they ate part of the lamb. And at Jesus last supper, he said, "This is my body which is broken for you. Take, eat. Do this in remembrance of me. So as they parttook of the lamb, getting ready to leave, so we partake of the lamb, church, getting ready to leave. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. The fifth one is the feast of first fruits. It was celebrated three days after the Passover. So it was on Sunday according to Leviticus 23:10 and 11. And Jesus rose on Sunday, the first day of the week. Praise God. The first fruits was the first wheat that came to maturity. And Jesus was the first mature Holy Ghostfilled believer, the first one to raise from the dead. And this first one was a sign. If this first crop became mature, the rest of the crop will come mature. If Jesus raised, so will you and I raise. Hallelujah. Because we're part of the crop of God. We're not serpent seed. We're not cursing the word. We're loving the word. We're blessing the word. We are we wheat seed children of almighty God. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. This was offered the first fruits was offered without any leaven. And Jesus had no sin in his life. He was free from leaven. But remember we went over the Pentecost that had leaven in it because our lives still have sin in it. But what does God do? He still he still waves us before the people. Right? Like the church is like a city on a hill that cannot be hidden. Praise God. And then the Bible says in 1 Corinthians 15, Jesus was raised first. He said every man according to his order. So church, God will put us in the order of the resurrection. We've got an order that we are going to take. We have a place. In other words, we have a schedule time. We're leaving in the rapture. Praise God. There's an order. Praise God. God has established it. The next going away is the rapture of the gentile bride of Jesus Christ. That's the next scheduled rapture. And you and I got our tickets. Hallelujah. We have the promise of God Almighty. Oh my. The six is the prophecy of Psalm 22. David wrote this a thousand years before Jesus was crucified. And I think it was 500 700 years before crucifixion was even invented. Verse one, David wrote, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?" Jesus quoted this in Matthews 27:46. verses six or seven and eight say he was mocked and ridiculed. David said, "I've been mocked. I've been ridiculed." And Jesus was mocked and ridiculed. In verse 14 and 15, he went through physical suffering and dehydration. In John 19 says, Jesus said, "A thirst, I am a thirst." He went through suffering and dehydration. Verse 16, he said, "My hands and my feet are pierced." And Jesus got uh three crosses, right? Three crosses. I'm sorry. Three nails, one cross forgiven. I like that sign. I saw it at at the Menanite church. Hallelujah. Three crosses, but one plus one cross is forgiven. Praise God. Verse 16 said he was surrounded by his enemies. And Jesus was surrounded by all those that wanted to crucify him. Verse 17, the Bible said, "My bones stare at me." So think about that, church. His head was down. He could see all the bones in his body here. His his ribs. It was ri ripped so much rip ripped wide open. He could see the bones there. And he did that for the joy that was set before him. He suffered so you and I could be healed. Praise God. Amen. He chose to stare at his bones and suffer and die in order to forgive us of our sins and heal our bodies. Oh, if he did that, church, let's accept it today. Praise God. Glory to God. In verse 18, the Bible said they cast lots for his clothes. And in John 1923 and 24, the soldiers cast lots broken up into four pieces. So David foretold this, foretold uh the resurrection, the death, burial, and resurrection of Christ. And we know the resurrection was in Psalm 16. Now, the last one we'll get to here before I move on to the main point I want to get to. This is all kind of leading up. I want to end with David here. But the last one is Jonah. In Jonah 11:17, the Bible said he was in the whale of the belly three days and three nights. Now in the Bible that just means within three days and three nights. Doesn't mean he was three days all three days and nights. It's within. And so was Jesus. He died on Friday uh in the heart of the earth Saturday. Sunday morning he rose. Jesus said in Matthew 12:40 that he uh that the son that the sign of the son of man was that he be in the heart of the earth as Jonah was in the heart in the whale or the whale the belly of the whale. Pardon me. And so Jonah's life is a beautiful type here of the death, burial, and resurrection of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Notice in in uh Jonah 1:12, Jonah's willing to give his life because he knows he's guilty. He's willing to give his life that others might be saved. What a type of Christ. Now, the difference is Jonah was guilty. Jesus wasn't. In Jonah 2: 1 and2, the Bible said the the whale took him to the very depths of the sea. And 1 Peter 3 says that Jesus descended down into hell. So both descended. Hallelujah. And then both raised up. Praise God. Jonah raised up, was vomited out, and started preaching in chapter 3 verse4. He started preaching, except you repent in 40 days, you'll perish. So he re he was resurrected, given new life, and went to preaching. And Jesus was resurrected and started preaching. He said, "Go up to Jerusalem until you're endued with power from on high." Praise God. Amen. So we see a beautiful type there in the life of Jonah. There's seven. How many appreciate those by God's grace? I love seeing the types of Christ. Now, I'd like to go through a little type here. Now, brother tells us that Solomon, I'm going down. I'm now moving now to David and Solomon. Brother said Solomon is a type of the millennium. Okay, brother said Solomon's age was called the golden age of Israel. It was a type or a foreshadow of the coming of the Lord Jesus in the great millennium when the whole world would live in a golden age. How many looking for that golden age? Solomon foreshadowed Jesus. And when Jesus came, he had all the gifts, but God gave him the spirit without measure. And when he come, he was given the greater gift, the gift of wisdom there. So wisdom, Solomon reigned with with the gift of wisdom. And Solomon and Jesus reigns through the millennium with the wisdom of God. Praise God. Now, I want to show this visual here. I was just saving it for now. So, let's see if this this is kind of the point. I want to uh begin to bring my message down here. by God's grace. We'll see if it comes up. Okay. Now, I want to I want to just begin. I want to start here and just show I want to start with Calvary here. I want to look at the life of Old Testament and New Testament. I want to compare the life of David to the life of Jesus. Okay. Now, Solomon, brother said, represent the millennium. If that's the case, then we can go back and see through the life of David. We can see the foreshadowing of the work of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Now I want to start with Goliath. How this uh David defeating Goliath was a type of Jesus defeating uh death on the cross. Now David was from Bethlehem of Judah. So was Jesus born in Bethlehem. David was a shepherd. Jesus says, "I'm the good shepherd." Hallelujah. David was anointed amongst his brethren, right? This prophet anointed him. Jesus was anointed right by John the Baptist and the brethren right there. Praise God. It's a beautiful type. That's the final type I want to use here. But I want to look now at this. Let's look at Calvary and how David and uh David and Goliath was a foreshadowing of Jesus defeating our sin. Hallelujah. So David was a young shepherd overlooked by men even by his daddy. And I'm not going to repeat that Malachi and Zion. I'm going to I'm not going to look overlook your gifts in your life. Okay? Jesse overlooked David's gift. It seems like I'm going to see the gifts of God in the lives of my sons and my daughters by God's grace. But he was overlooked. He wasn't a trained soldier. And neither was Jesus a trained soldier as far as the natural. He was a carpenter son. He was rejected by the religious leaders. Not a military leader or king in any worldly terms. Right? And so God chooses an unexpected champion to come out and fight the giant. Jesus was an unexpected champion. The Bible said he had no beauty that we would desire him. But David was beautiful. So see there's a little there's not it's not a perfect type, but there's a type. So maybe David's natural beauty represented the spiritual beauty of Jesus. Hallelujah. So Jesus and David are both weak as we'd say by the human standards, but they're chosen to be king. Hallelujah. And both get the victory through supernatural means. Praise God. Now, David, of course, stands in place uh of Israel to fight Goliath. One man's victory becomes everyone's victory. Ah, Jesus stood in all of our place. Hallelujah. His death and resurrection brought victory to all of us. One man's victory gives you and I the victory. Praise God. Both of us, they David represented the the nation. Jesus represents the children of God. Hallelujah. David defeated Goliath with a stone which is a revelation. Hallelujah. and and then defeated him and cut off his head with his own sword. So David killed Goliath with a a revelation and his own sword. And Jesus had a revelation. I come to finish the work that God gave me to do. My meat is to do the will of God which sent me to do it. Praise God. So Jesus had a revelation through prayer. I'm to go to the cross of my God even sent Moses and Elijah down to show him his death. So God gave him a revelation by vision. You've got to go to the cross, but there's joy before you and you will defeat death through death. Glory. David used his enemy's own tool and revelation against him. Jesus uses Satan's own tool, his own keys against him. Praise God. Oh, glory. That's that's that's joyful today. That's that's victory today. Praise God. When David got the victory over Goliath, he broke the fear that paralyzed the entire army. As soon as they saw Goliath fall, like if he did it, glory, I can do it. Same thing Jesus did. Jesus' death and resurrection, it broke the fear of death and hell. And now we have power to go out into all the world and make disciples of every nation. Fear should be broken. And the church said, "We all battle fear, but remember God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and a sound mind." David's victory led to him raising as king. After he defeated Goliath, the next step, of course, would eventually he'd be king. Jesus was resurrected and then he was exalted as King of Kings and Lord of Lords. So their victories begin to show the beginning. Now after this great victory, first the battle, then the crown. And church, let's remember that if you're battling today, get through the battle, win the battle, and the victories will be so wonderful. The spoils of victory will be so great if you can just overcome your battle today. Amen. Glory. The spoils of rewards will come after the victory. just fight the battle. Praise God. Hallelujah. And both, here's another one. Uh the final one here. Both were rejected before the battle. David was saying, "Oh, you're a naughty boy and get out of here." And Saul's like, "How could you do it?" Even even Goliath tried to say, "How are you sending a dog against me?" They're all mocked, doubted before the battle, right? So was Jesus. He was rejected by his people. He was misunderstood by his disciples. But yet he overcame o all all the doubt, all the confusion. He overcame all the negativity. Oh God, help us to overcome doubt and negativity. Praise God. Because I think you know where you're where I'm going with this. Jesus was David, but there were still more giants in the earth. Hallelujah. David didn't kill all the giants. in the church said, "Glory to God. It's resurrection day. Hallelujah. He's alive. Our king is risen." Praise God. Hallelujah. And so David defeating Goliath. He takes Goliath's own sword and defeats the enemy with his own power. It was a type of Jesus taking death. Jesus died. His death defeated death because Goliath represented certain death. That's why nobody would go fight him. So Jesus used Satan's own power to defeat him because life is more powerful than death. Hallelujah. And this was also a fulfillment church of Genesis 3:15. Remember God said that my your seed Eve your seed will bruise the head of the serpent. What was bruised? His legs, no. His arms, his stomach. What was bruised? His feet? No. The head was bruised. And what did David cut off? David cut off the head. Hallelujah. See, the seed of the woman, the seed of of Mary, Jesus would bruise the head. Hallelujah. And that head means dominion, right? Because the head has dominion over the whole body. I can send a message to do this. I can send a message to my head to do all these things. But when Jesus defeated uh Satan, that means the dominion of sin doesn't have to be over this. We don't have to stay the same. We can have power and dominion over sin in our lives. Hallelujah. Glory to God. So as the believers rallied around their champion, we rally around Jesus today. How many rally around Jesus today? Hallelujah. Now the point I want to make church is that uh Jesus descending down to hell was a type of after David after David after David killed Goliath. Yes, he was celebrated for a little bit but then a season I think it was 7 to 13 years this season of rejection and humiliation and suffering came upon David. So that period before David becomes king of Hebrron. This period represents Jesus going down to hell. Hallelujah. Can everybody see that? So remember what happened to David? He was rejected by Saul. Saul put a bounty on his life. Saul or David went from cave to cave writing letters and complaints to God. What's going to happen to me? Wondering. And remember he even says in 1st Samuel 27, I'm going to die by the hands of Saul. So what does he do? He moves out of the promised land and he moves over into Philistine country. So listen, he leaves the place of blessing and goes to the place of cursing. And the church said, "What did Jesus do? He left the place of blessing and he went down to hell, the place of cursing." Hallelujah. That's right, church. He did that for you and I. He did it for us. Glory. Praise God. Jesus was rejected, humiliated on the cross. He suffered. But also during this time, David, he was there in the cave and remember all these mighty men came unto him and said, "We're debtors and we're the scum of the earth. We're the low lives, but can we join your army?" Oh, hallelujah. That's you and I. Praise God. Or I'm sorry, in this case, it was the Old Testament saints. Jesus went down into hell and he rallied his new army, his army of Job and Daniel and Abraham and Sarah, Isaac and Rebecca and Esther and all these Old Testament saints. Now Jesus gets a new army. And what do they become? They become mighty men. And what do Jesus's uh people become? The bride of Jesus Christ. Praise God. They become the saints. They become I'll say this the celebrity of heaven. Praise God. Glory to God. Amen. Oh, I think that's beautiful type. Don't you? Now remember also now this is the other side. I want to give the other side of this because I heard a brother preach on it. The other side of this was David lied to King H. Akish. He lied on a couple occasions, right? And then what did he remember? He pretended like he was insane. He wasn't. He just pretended to be. He lied and said, "I've killed these uh Philistines." He actually I'm sorry, these Jews, these Israelites, he actually killed some some Philistines and lied to the king. Hallelujah. During this time, it wasn't a a very good time for David. And remember, he lost his whole family. Remember, he lost his two wives, Abigail and I can't remember the other one. While David was out fighting for the the Philistine king at uh all these armies came into Ziglag, he lost everything. Well, no wonder he was outside of the promise of God. Remember he came back and what who remembers what does the mighty men what does the mighty men want to do to him? Kill him. So what'd he do? Nobody would encourage him. No one in the church would encourage him. So what he do? He encouraged himself. I can't find anybody to encourage me. Nobody's texting me. Nobody's calling me. I I that's fine. God can encourage me. Praise God. If you have nobody else, be like David. Encourage yourself in the promise of God. Hallelujah. Now, we need each other. But let's learn from this that when when we're at our lowest of lowest spots, if we go to God, Amen. If we have that prayer like Jesus Gethsemane, God will encourage us. God will strengthen us. Praise God. Is that right? And then remember church, one of the one of the most surprising things at the very end he says he said, "King Akish, I'm going to go fight against Israel for you." He was he was one to be one of the guards for King Akish. Look at that. A child of God. Look at that. A future king fighting against his future people. And we wonder why there's fights in the church sometimes. The church said, "What happened to David? He got a lying spirit on him, right? He got a fear spirit on him. He was fearful about Saul killing him. And he gets out of the blessing. He leaves the promised land, the blessing of God. And church, all things are going to fall apart when you get out of the promise. He purposely left the promise of God and everything starts falling apart. But what is God faithful to do to his his future king? Send him back. Hallelujah. Empower him. And I I think I shared this with one of the brothers or a couple of the brothers. It was a good part of the sermon. When David lost everything, what did he do? He prayed to God. He said, "God, do you want me to go and restore everything? Should I go and restore?" And what did God say? "Go and you'll restore all." Now, church, he couldn't wait for God to restore it. He had to go fight for his family. That's what God's calling us to do. Fight for our loved ones. Fight for our families. And the church said, "Amen." He said, "You go do it." Doesn't the Bible say give all diligence to serve the Lord? Hallelujah. We can't sit back and just wait for God to do everything. We have to seek God. And if God says go, go recover, then we should go recover by the grace of God. That's right, church. Look at that. My, what a beautiful type. The same thing with Jonah. We see Christ and Jonah, but what was he? A man running from the presence of almighty God. Amen. So see, we can see the Christ in his life, but we can also see the failure in his life. And that's to encourage us even in our failures. In other words, we'll we'll we'll find our place. Amen. In the story of Jesus Christ, we'll find our lives. God can redeem our mistakes and God can uh God can take all of our mistakes and make our lives a beautiful thing. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, my verse I wanted to especially focus on there was 1st Samuel 21:9. I'm I'll just read it. And I'm just going to par paraphrase it. In 1st Samuel 21:9, David arrives at NaB hungry and unarmed. He asked Ahemch the priest for food and a weapon. The only weapon available is the sword of Goliath, which had been kept there as a memorial. So, I'm going to use this just as a as a type. When David got the sword, he took the sword of his enemy and now he's fighting with the sword of his enemy. Hallelujah. And that's Jesus. Jesus going down to hell. He took the keys of hell. He took the keys of death and now he's got the power of the enemy. Amen. Hallelujah. Now Jesus has the power over death and hell. Praise God. David has power. He has the power of death now. He's He's got it, church. Through death, Jesus destroyed death. David defeated Goliath with his own sword. And Jesus defeated Satan with his own power. Go to Hebrews 2:9 if you got your Bible. We see Jesus made a little lower than the angels for the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honor that he by the grace of God should taste death for every man. So Jesus had to taste death. He had to die. David had to stand there sure death in front of Goliath. He had to stand there when no one else would stand there. David stood there where no one else would. Jesus stood there and died so we don't have to die. Hallelujah. There's my hour. I go a little bit further here. Now, we read these um verse 14, Hebrews 2:14. For as much then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same, that through death he might destroy him that has the power of death, that is the devil. So, church, you and I, every one of us here have a promise today. We have the power to destroy Satan's influence over our lives. We don't have to keep losing to him. We can win over him. Praise God. Because we've got the power. We've got the power of life. And there's life in the sword of the word. Praise God. Don't forget, church. We're not going to read it, but don't forget Ephesians 6. Paul says, "Put on the whole armor of God. Put it on." And the last one is the sword of the spirit, which is sharp. It's so sharp. Go to Hebrews 4:12. It's so sharp. It discerns the thoughts and the tents of the heart. Hebrews 4:12. Oh my. This ties in perfectly with the uh spirit of judgment and the spirit of burning. The spirit of judgment comes to judge. Now listen in church. It'll judge. It's either a sin in your flesh, it's either a sin in your spirit, or it's a sin in your soul. And the church said, look at 4:12. I'm in 12:4. 4:12. For the word of God is quick and powerful and sharper than a two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing ascender of the soul and spirit and the joints of the marrow. There's three parts right there. You got soul, spirit, joints, and marrow. So, body, spirit, soul, and is the discerner of the thoughts and intents of your heart. So, the word of God when it's preached or when you read it, it will help you judge where is the problem at? Is the problem in my flesh? Is the problem in my spirit? Or is the problem in my soul? Hallelujah. That's what the word of God does. Hallelujah. And now you've got the word of God and it recognizes the whether it's a spirit. Let's say it's a spirit of depression. That's in the spirit. See, the word of God discerns. You're losing the battle of the mind. Hallelujah. And so the spirit of God will show you, oh, it's a mind problem. So what must I do? I must cast down those depression thoughts. Or maybe it's a oh, the spirit of God will show you, oh, it's it's a it's a problem in your DNA or it's a problem in your body. You didn't do any sin, but it's a problem in your body. The spirit of God will show you that. And now it'll cut it out and say, okay, this is the part now. Lord, help me to speak the word of God. Heal my body. Bring my body into subjection to the word of God. Hallelujah. Or maybe it's a soul problem. You're not saved. You don't believe in Christ. you never repented of your sin. This the word discerns now into your soul and said this is a soul problem. You're not saved. But thank God we're saved here today. How many saved by the grace of God? See church. So where is the soul going to expose most of our troubles? In the human spirit. Hallelujah. Oh, it's a mind battle. It's a mind struggle. If you're saved, it's not going to be there. Or maybe it's a baptism of the Holy Ghost. Now that's a soul issue. That's right. If it's the flesh, there's something in the flesh, the spirit of God will cut that open and oh, it's a it's a problem in your body. Or maybe you need the baptism of the Holy Ghost in your soul, the spirit of God will show you. The spirit of God will will discern or judge your thoughts. Yeah, the word discern means judge. There it is. Glory to God. Is a discerner or a judge of the thoughts intents of the heart. The spirit of judgment. So when the word of God comes, it will judge and say, "This is either a body problem, this is a spirit problem, this is a soul problem." Everybody thinking real deep about your life's problems now. Everybody thinking real deep about the giants in your life, church, you've got the sword. You've got the word of God. David had the sword of the enemy. He conquered the enemy. Jesus has the power over death. Jesus has the power over the grave. Jesus has power over hell. And then he gives you a sword. Praise God. You're one of his mighty men or sisters, whatever you want, however it makes sense for you. Praise God. Hebrews 2:15. So see that Hebrews 2:15. I'm saying today that by the resurrection, Jesus has raised with the sword, the power over death. And he's given you the sword of the spirit. And you've got to use the sword. Praise God. Hebrews 2:15. And deliver them who through fear of death were all their lifetimes subject to bondage. So what did Jesus do? He delivered the fearful. What does Jesus want to do for you? Deliver you from your fears. Hallelujah. Now, many times it's personal. We don't like sharing it. But one thing's for sure, you got to share with Jesus. You don't have to share your fears with me or anybody else unless you want to. Sometimes that helps. The Bible said, "Confess your faults one to another and you'll be healed." Sometimes you have to confess your sins, but the main person to tell is the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. He's the one that you have to tell. Now, let me just just finish with this here. So after David got through the period of humiliation, then he became king over Hebron, just Hebron for seven years. But then after that, he became kingdom. I'm sorry, he became ruler over all 12 tribes. And then what did he do? He built the tabernacle. And then after his ministry, Solomon came in. What does Hebron represent? Hebron represents when Jesus first started reigning over the Jews, right, with the Holy Ghost. And then they had to take it to all nations. And church, this is still going on today. And the church said, "You are a part of that." Praise God. 20 years ago, there was no church, message church here in Akran. Brother Chris, there was no message church. The kingdom, glory, the kingdom had not come to Akran. Ah, but the kingdom of God, the baptism of the Holy Ghost has now come to Akran. Praise God. And now people can overcome their sins. We've seen the families, right? The Yang family. We've seen these families, the Sarpong family, now the Smith family, different families come through and when they receive the kingdom of God, now the kingdom of God comes into their homes. It comes into their church. It comes into their city. The kingdom of God is still being built and Jesus Christ is the builder of the kingdom. Praise God. He wants to build a kingdom in your life, Brother Chris. Hallelujah, brother Nia. He wants to build the kingdom of God in your life. Praise God. In my life. Hallelujah. It's still going because no man knows the day or the hour he wants to build it in your family, in my family. Praise God. Until uh the the the Bible said till the to the ends of the earth, the Bible says in Acts chapter 2, to you your children, them that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. I'm so glad he called my name, church. And then after he finishes the the kingdom, after Jesus finishes the gentile kingdom, what comes in? The millennium. How many appreciate that? By God's grace. That came to me while I was driving home yesterday. So, I was using my voice message to record it. I thought, why I want to preach that tomorrow? Praise God. I'd never seen it like that before. Because my my main question was, Jose, why did David take Goliath's sword? What did that represent? It represents Jesus. Now, he's got the keys of death and hell. I've got the I got the I got the weapon of the enemy. Now I'm using it. Hallelujah. Now I can open and close. Hallelujah. I can open the victory. I can close. I can stop the devil. I have power to open and shut. The Bible says what Jesus opens no man can shut. What Jesus shuts no man will open. Praise God. Like brother Chris testified that job. See God opened up that job. No man can shut it because God opened it up. Hallelujah. Jesus is the one who opens every door in our lives. Praise God. All right. Now, what am I trying to get down? I'm got trying to get down to this. After David defeated the giant, that wasn't the end of the giants. There were still four more giants that had to fall. And David killed none of them. In other words, Jesus didn't kill all the giants. He killed the biggest one, the daddy of them all. All right. But then other men and women were raised up to go be giant killers. Remember two years ago, I preached that sermon. Uh we're not all called to be giant killers, right? Not everybody was a giant killer, but there'll be some who take the sword of the word and they slay giants with it. Ishbib Enab, I'm sorry. Yeah, the the giant Ishbin Binab was the son of the giant Goliath. He had a spear that weighed 300 shekels of brass. And Abashai, the son of Zariah, slew him in 2 Samuel 21:16-7. No matter how big the struggle looks, no matter how great the giant looks, God's people are giant killers. Praise God. Because we've got the sword. We've got the power. Jesus can open the victory for us to get victory over the giants in our lives. Hallelujah. The next giant was called Saf or Sepi, whichever, whether you read Samuel or 1 Chronicles. This was another son of the giant, and he was slain by Sichi, the Hashite in 2 Samuel 21:18 and 1st Chronicles 20:4. So two other giants go down. A third giant named Lami, the brother of Goliath. So now his brother comes out. He had a spear like a weaver's beam. So this massive spear. But he was slain by Elhannan, the son of Jer in 2 Samuel 21:17. The Bible says, "No weapon that's formed against you will prosper." Praise God. Amen. Brother Chris, it didn't matter the enemy's weapons because they were on the wrong team. They're on the wrong side. God's victory, God's army is going to get the victory over the giants. Praise God. And that gives us hope. Any giant our life will fall the same way by the word of God. Hallelujah. That's right. And the last one is an unnamed giant. He had six fingers on each hand, six toes on each foot for 24 digits. And he defied Israel. So today, they defy Jesus Christ. So they defy the gospel. And who? Jonathan, the son of Shem, David's nephew. So even David's family is getting involved. And I got news for you. You're in the family of Jesus Christ. Right? Ephesians says that we uh uh that the uh that the family all family in heaven and earth is named the Lord Jesus Christ. So I could walk up to Malachi and Nia. I could say uh God bless you, Mrs. Jesus Christ, right? Because that that's your name. You're not Jesus Christ, but you're the bride of Jesus Christ. You're in the family of the Lord Jesus Christ. The Bible said we're all named the Lord Jesus Christ. And we're given power over the giants in our lives. Hallelujah, church. I'm sure we all feel like what it's like to be intimidated, right? When I spar Malachi, I'm intimidated. I get nervous now. Not when he was eight, I didn't get intimidated enough, but now I get nervous. I just I just thought that one. But church, all these men could have been intimidated by the giant in front of them. And you're not a giant. You're just bigger than me. I'm not using them in a bad way, a good way. We all have to face times where by we're intimidated by the situations of life, the scenes of life we get intimidated by. But there's always a solution. There's always an open door because Jesus has already conquered death and hell. He's already conquered any spiritual death that would try to come upon your life, any intimidation, any spirit that would try to overcome you. He's already defeated the father of all of them. Hallelujah. And he said, "Because I live, you shall live also." Because I overcame, you shall overcome. The Bible says, what is our victory? Even our faith in the word of God. our faith in Jesus Christ. That's right. Brother Ram quotes, and I found this really good. Brother Ram quotes Revelation 11:17 to 18. That was my text. He quotes in the church age book. And what does he say? He says, "Don't fear, John. Don't fear, little flock." Everyone say, "Don't fear." Ready? Don't fear. Don't fear. Brother said, "This is what Jesus is saying to the little flock. Don't fear little flock. All that I am, you are heir to." Right? Doesn't the Bible say he's going to share his Doesn't the Bible say we have an eternal inheritance? We have mansions. Right? Jesus is going to prepare a place for us. We have a mansion in heaven. All that I have, you're heir of eternal life. And I've got if I've got Jesus, I got it all. Ah, there's a good vindication by God's grace. All my power is yours. My omnipotence is yours as I stand in your midst. In other words, the the wisdom of God, the power of God is in the word. I've not come to bring fear and failure, but love and courage and ability. I'm going to read that again. I've not come to bring fear and failure. Jesus did not come Jesus did not save you and I to bring us fear or a failed life. That's one thing I don't want. I don't want to fail Jesus. I want to please him. I want to serve his purpose in my life. I want to see the the the Holy Ghost get total victory in my life. I didn't come to bring you fear and failure. But I came to bring you power, courage, and ability. Church, don't look at your flesh. Your flesh is never going to have the ability. It's the power of God. It's the spirit of God in us that gives us the ability. That's what he come to do. And so today, as we close, if you need the ability, let's ask him for it. Amen. Jesus said, "Ask and you shall what?" He said, "Seek and you shall." He said, "Knock and it shall be." You know why? Could it be open? Because he has the key. And the Bible even calls knowledge, the key of knowledge. Maybe maybe church, there's there's a scripture you need that will unlock some knowledge for you to overcome. God has the key. Hallelujah. Just as Brother Rod handed me the keys to the car yesterday, now I got an old car for Lydia. Jesus Christ can hand you the keys to your victory today. And guess where it's going to be? I got a nice key box right here where Jesus keeps all of his keys. You just got to look inside here, find your key because it unlocks every promise of God. He says, "All power is given unto me." Jesus said, "And it's yours to use. You speak the word and I'll perform it. That is my covenant and it can never fail. Church, if you and I speak the word of God, God has to back it up. I'm talking about when it's God's will. I'm not talking about like if you want this or that or I'm talking about when it's God's will and you want victory over sin in your life. That's God's will undoubtedly for you and I. And we speak the word of God and God will perform it. That word can never fail. All right. In closing now, Quesa, put up Mark 9. I've used this many times before, I think, but put up Mark 9:25. I want to keep using it because I want to show you the power in the word. Mark 9:25. Here's a man that was had a foul spirit. And church, we know so many people today are possessed with foul spirits. But look what Jesus says to this spirit. Look what he says. He says, "Thou deaf and dumb spirit, I charge thee. Come out of him and enter no more into him." That's quite a thing to cast out a devil. But it's another thing to say, "You'll not come in again." But we know the scripture. He's going to go get seven more and eight are coming back. So what does Jesus give him? Jesus gives him a promise. Although eight come back, I'll say like this. Although 80 demons come back, he's never getting back in. Praise God. Why? Because Jesus has the keys to the door. Praise God. Jesus has keys to death and hell, and he gives you the power. Praise God. Amen. What a promise. As I've told you before, I've spoken the word of God against all my past addictions, right? I'll never chew tobacco again. I'll never drink alcohol like that again. I'll never buy those type of magazines again. I'll never spend my Sundays in front of the uh TV like that again. All my addictions, the hatred for my father, I'll never let that hatred overtake me again. And church, God's word is performed. God's given me the ability. God's given me the power. God's given me the courage. It's never come back upon me again by the grace of God because it's the power of God. It's the It's the will of God. It's the covenant of God. Hallelujah. Amen. It's a covenant. Praise God. That we have the power of the spoken word to speak the word of God. And if we speak God's word, it is powerful. It cannot be defeated. Life is greater than death. Hallelujah. You can slay the giant in your life today because Jesus slew the father of giants. The father of lies. Amen. The murder from the beginning. Jesus defeated Satan on Calvary. And therefore, we can speak the word. And it comes out of our lips. If we believe it, it has to happen. Let's stand. Mighty men and women of God, musicians can come. Thank you, Jesus, that you have the keys of death and hell. Praise God. So, I imagine this last 30 minutes, everyone's been thinking about the giant you're facing. I hope you have been. Or if all the giants are slain, praise God, let's fight for somebody else. Hallelujah. Let's fight for somebody else. Now, church, who has the keys? Jesus has the keys. Where are his keys? His keys are the word of God. The keys, the word of God unlocks every door. Hallelujah. The key of knowledge unlocks the door to salvation, the door to holiness, the door to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The keys of God unlock every door. Glory to God. Let's bow our hearts here. Dear Jesus, we thank you, Lord, for the word that we've heard today. You have power over death and hell, Lord, as we read here today. And your prophet picks this up and say tells us do not fear. You speak the word, I'll perform it. Lord, we saw how you overcame. You prayed about it for a long extended of time. You prayed for an hour and you got the victory over physical pain. Humiliation, rejection, every demon power that came upon you to tempt you. You got the victory over everyone through the power of prayer, the power of the word. Lord Jesus, these are your people. Lord, we've seen you slay the giant of death and hell on the cross. You went down even down to hell and took the keys of death and hell. You took Goliath's sword because you got the key of death. And Lord, you give us the keys as you told Peter. And to you I give you the keys to the kingdom. Lord, we're told that there's no weapon that's formed against us shall prosper. Lord God, we're told when the enemy comes in like a flood, the spirit of God will raise up a standard against it. That means the rally around the flag, the banner, the army of Jesus Christ. We thank you today for your word, Lord. Thank you for the strength to preach, the strength to sing, Lord. Thank you for the attentiveness of the saints, Lord. I look at their faces. I believe they're sincere, Lord God, as I've done my best to be sincere, Lord God, so that victories can happen in the lives of the believers, Lord God. That this resurrection day would be a memorable day, Lord, because the power of God is here. The keys are here. Hallelujah. And the Holy Spirit can say, "Evil spirit, get behind me. You'll enter no more into me." by the grace of Jesus Christ, by the power and the authority of Jesus Christ. Thank you, Lord. Lord, as we were praying yesterday, Lord, we pray for revival in the church. Lord, as I told Sister Zerb right out there by my children, Lord, if you do some revival, some supernatural thing, then we'll know you want us to do a season of prayer meetings, Lord God. Hallelujah. Lord God, have your way today, Lord God. Let each and every mighty man and woman remember that our captain, the Lord Jesus Christ, defeated the greatest giant. And all giants can be slain by the power of the word. For the word of God is sharp, more powerful than a two-edged sword, dividing us under soul, body, spirit, joints of the marrow. Hallelujah Jesus. Grant it. Lord God, I pray for the victory of the people
