################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-15 - (5-14-25) Wednesday Evening Service - Simon Smith - Simon Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-15
Title:    (5-14-25) Wednesday Evening Service - Simon Smith
Speaker:  Simon Smith
Church:   Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 21m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHAml3l1mLw
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Just a couple of things I'd like to stress on tonight. Maybe Pastor Jesse could pick this up wherever he feels led or to go into deeper. And uh excuse me. Um this thought came by re by way of uh brother Andy Burton. Uh but man, ever since he said it, it's been just eating me up and just kind of saints of God, there's so much hope for us. You have fa have to faith in God. Uh so if we could just turn to 1 Corinthians chapter 1 verse one and uh 1 Corinthians chapter 1 verse 1 through3 Paul called to be an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God and Sathanes our brother unto the church of God which is at Corenth to them that are sanctified in Christ Jesus called to be saints with all that in every place call upon the name of Jesus Christ our Lord both theirs and ours. Grace be unto you and peace from God our father and from the Lord Jesus Christ. Let's say a word of prayer. Dear Lord Jesus, Lord, we love you and Lord, you've seen my work day. Lord, you've seen their day. Lord, their workday. You've seen everything they went through. Lord, you've seen every mind battle, everything the devil was trying to place in their hearts, their minds, trying to make a nest, trying to focus, trying to get their minds to focus on negativity, on what they don't have or what they're lacking or what we would think we're lacking. And yet, Lord God, Lord, did we turn that around and look at what God has given us? And Lord Jesus, I believe Lord, if even we could uh even tonight after service, just gather around in a circle there, Lord, and just take out pieces of paper and just write the blessings uh from the time from the our earliest memory, Lord, till right now, Lord, of everything you've done. And we can acknowledge it's all from you, Lord. Lord God, that we would be here for uh days and days going back, Lord, rehearsing, then even giving testimonies and and just talking with one another of what all that God has done in our lives, Lord. And each one of us will have a different angle. Each one of us will have a different thought, Lord. A different battle. I've never seen never been on that battlefield, but God brought you through. Amen. And Lord, many Lords have never been through my battlefield. But Lord Jesus, you brought me through, Lord. And Lord Jesus, would you be a blessing to your wife tonight, God? We ask you be with us, Lord. You would speak through me, Lord. give me very thoughts and inspiration Lord God on these scriptures Lord on this thought Lord that uh you Lord or brother Andy Lord to place into my mind I couldn't get away from it Lord but I cannot take credit for any of this Lord but Lord we love you bless the people Lord bless your bride in the name of Jesus Christ amen you may be seated sorry I'm like coughing right into the mic so um so I was riding I was actually after service I was sorry after work I had to pick brother uh brother Daniel and uh the night before we were eating some pizza and uh we were talking about the original sin and just the power of it just just something about it you know I love baptism I was baptized in the name of Jesus Christ I remember when I first heard it that that night I had to get baptized I went to Lima We drove the line at 1:00 in the morning, got baptized by brother Isaiah Brooks, and uh then drove back, got home probably two or three, four, who knows when it was. And then went to sleep, of course. But uh I remember that night and uh just seeing all that the that God has revealed to us, you know, and one thing about the Bible, one thing about the message that was sent, you know, is uh you know, the prophet of God said he's he he just hit the highlights, right? And uh I I was telling my wife that uh you know if I was to go out outside and capture a bug, you know, and I could take that little bug in a glass. Did I share this? Did I say this last Sunday or if I could take this little bug and I put like a little glass container and uh I would say, "Hey, brother Malachi, what's what's in this?" And I would hold it like 5t away. I said, "Brother Malachi, what's in this container here? What's in this little glass jar?" So he could clearly see through and see what it is. Like what is that? He could he could by his own wisdom and and and and knowledge and understanding of the world around him, things he was seen, he could identify that. Oh, brother Simon, that's a cricket or that's a grasshopper or that's a ladybug or however like absolutely that's that's exactly right. Sure. Sure. Absolutely identified correctly. But then if I was to go and say if I start talking and I take that little bug and I put it under a microscope, right? I start looking at it under a microscope like, "Oh my goodness, look at the antennas. Look at the antennas on this thing." and you're brother Malachi's like what are you talk antenna I go how many do you think there is and he's like well I don't know so even though I'm dealing with the exact same thing he he could identify but it takes that that that microscope to go down and really identify and pick out the fine points of the exact same thing and saints of God we could get down to an electron microscope that could actually look at the cells of a a ladybug and say oh I could start talking about this and even do like a a a a genetic test on it. Now we're dealing with the genetics of it and how this ladybug is red and has little black dots and this one's this one, this one, that one. And now we're beyond what we can even think of, right? And that's the word of God. It goes to such depth, saints of God. God will take you as far as you want to go. He will show you things that many ministers will have no will know nothing about. Right? Because what it's not God is not a respector of persons. Just because a man uh gets behind the pulpit or just because a a man maybe go overseas or any any of the ministry that doesn't mean God's a respector of that. And now he honor he he he will use the gift. Okay. But remember each one of us most of the time like I said before many times I'm usually in the seats. I'm usually in the ley seat and saints of God. But God can use the gift within you. Right? And God if God gives you now remember all revelation comes from God. I can't give you revelation. you can't give me revelation anything that go anything anything that would quicken to your spirit to say ah and and the Bible says how he had to open the eyes of Lydia right and so though she could see the word of God that takes a revelation from the father himself that takes a revelation from God himself right so as I was driving and we were talking about original sin the very night before uh my mind was still thinking on it because I've I've studied I looked at it and I marveled And that was the avenue that was the very uh uh vehicle that God chose to uh show and bring glory to his own children. That that that that was the way he did it, right? And I thought I I asked him, I said, "Brother Daniel, I said, why why is original sin uh just so profound?" You know, why is that just something that's uh to me it's always been something that's been a just such a key to the Bible? something I think about actually almost every day. I think about those things. I think about uh always waiting for the Lord and and and I and I thought today and I was in fact I said, "Brother Daniel, what do you think about that?" And he said, "Oh, he went he said, "Well, this and that was that was the way God had to do it." And that was that's what he said. He said because Satan was not a creator. He could not create. So, he actually had to find a different way to fight God. And when he seen when Satan seen God bring forth children, Adam and Eve, he was like, "How do I how can I attack them? How can I get to them? How can I destroy them?" Right? And all these minds, he had to he had to, the Bible said he was full of wisdom and he was the sum of all wisdom and super intelligent uh very very intelligent uh being uh completely evil uh but intelligent uh but he found a way to do it, right? And God set the stage for that, right? We know those things. But then as I was thinking on this, I I I I said, why was this so important? But if you actually look after d like directly after the fall, one of the first things that God did when he came to Adam and Eve is he actually uh found them hiding. They had they had sewn fig leaves, right? And and we know that the prophet God, he said he'd liken that to a false religion or to a man-made covering, a man-made religion, right? And that was not the way. That was not what God was wanting. In fact, he then had to give he had to actually cover them with what? Lamb's lamb skkins skins, right? Uh w with with with with skins of lamb with he had to he had to make a sacrifice himself, right? And then now notice as uh as after after salvation, literally that was salvation. He he kept them. He covered them with his own with his a type of his own a shadow and type of his own self. Right? But one of the first things that he revealed to Adam and Eve is right here in Genesis 3. 14 and 15 and we see that God now is speaking to the serpent and he says because thou has done this thou art cursed. But look when in verse 15 and notice God said and I will put now not no doubt Adam and Eve are right there he says no doubt he says he says I will put emnity between thee and the woman and between thy seed and her seed. Amen. So, one of the first revelations, the first thoughts that God opened up when when God was dealing with the serpent. I was like, or the serpent, we say like that, uh, Adam and Eve are sitting there and God is literally teaching them original or serpent seed, right? He said, there's going to be a seed, a serpent seed. The serpent has seed. And that was one of the original mysteries or teachings right there uh uh that God revealed to Adam and Eve. And I said, "Well, if it was important for them, for God to tell them and reveal to them this thing, how much more for the bride?" Because remember, Christ and Eve were what? The shadow and or Adam and Eve were the shadow, a type of Christ and the bride, right? Amen. So, I thought that was interesting because that goes right back to the scriptures. One of the first things that uh God reveals to them. Now, now that's not the topic or the thing we're going for tonight, but uh uh I would like to teach on Corinthianism. Amen. And in this we know by by scripture we know by the teaching this hour John the John the divine when he was he was publishing the word of God. He was bringing forth the word. He was teaching about Jesus Christ. He was doing he was pastoring a church and those sort of things. And they what they kidnapped him. They they they took him and they tried to boil the Holy Ghost out of him. Right? They tried to kill him with oil but they could not be killed. So they banished him to an island, right? And God had to get him alone onto an island by himself. And because of that and God God knew that he had to do that. Uh so God allowed that to take place by God's grace. And uh uh we know what came out of that is the revelation of Jesus Christ. God had to get St. John set aside from all his pastoral duties, from all the duties of of going to this that he had to get him alone in a place where there was absolutely no hope. He already survived an assassination attempt. And now he's on an island. He's like, "Lord, what have I got here? He's there was a penal colony back then where the wicked or the worst of the worst were there. There was snakes there. There's all kind anything that everything on that island would kill him, right?" But God had to get him in a spot like that. Much like John the Baptist had to go in the wilderness. He had to pull John out there and to what? He had to break he get him to a spot where it had to just commune with Christ the entire time. He had to fully lean on Jesus Christ at that time. And what took place? The revelation of Jesus Christ. And one of the first mysteries, one of the first things we see in chapter one is what that that John was going to address these things. This is this mystery was to seven churches. I guess this kind of goes this actually fits right in here with this and we know out of those seven churches what was the worst one ledia here we are you're in this age is the worst of the worst right but as St. Paul was a forerunner before even John. Paul was the first church age messenger. He wrote the majority. He also wrote books to what? He seven churches. And of course, what was the one of the worst churches he dealt with? Corinthians. In fact, he if you look what he dealt with, he had he had to deal with a church completely out of out of line. Completely in disarray. Now, look what the prophet God says. He says, he says, he says, "My ne my ministry's never been too effective in America, but oh, how it goes overseas, Brother Moore, I say like this. I've I've heard many uh people who've been overseas preach this, this, and go to meetings this, uh even uh Brother Cam, Brother Jesse, uh uh um Brother Randy, Brother Brooks, they've had powerful meetings overseas, very very powerful meetings." He says, "Brother Bram, as hard as you as as hard as you preached this week, if that would be anywhere outside the United States, he says, you'd see two, threeund,000 souls went to Christ." That's right. But now you see a shocking see what a shocking living condition we're in here. Oh my. He says it's becoming a mass Corinthianism. He's called that America mass Corinthianism. You can go on YouTube and find this teacher. This one, this one teaches this. This one teaches this. And the the majority of them are all completely off the word, right? Why? Because it's got to come back to this this revelation. And God sent us a prophet. What? To give us the prophetic eyes and how the how God would reveal these things to the prophet and how the prophet how God used the prophet to see these mysteries to see the truths right in the scripture and not just just have a quote for it, not just have a revelation, but show it right in the word. In other words, the great thing was what? This is an absolute and everything we believe, everything we teach, everything we live must come back to the scripture, right? Sure. Back to the Bible. He said, "That's right. Just everything this is, thus, thus, and we did," he says, "We won't have anything to do with this or that. Back off and take the word, believe God." He says, "Poor little America. Feel sorry for them, for the hour is at hand. God can't judge just a just people. They've passed from judgment." This is, of course, 1950 585 57. Now, um, and now notice what he says here. 1962, he says, "We know the Corinthian church, Paul continually had to tell them. One had a psalm." He says, "One had a tongue, one had this, one had that." Why? If Paul believed in speaking in tongues, he didn't have to tell it to the Ephesians. He could teach them predestination and great things. But these babies, he had to get them baby food. Yet, see, he couldn't raise them and tell them the high things. Amen. He says the world is full of Corinthianism today. Right? So saints of God when we come together we should we should have revelations. Hey brother Malachi Lord the Lord showed me this and this and this this oh my goodness powerful just like brother Randy called me and told me about this. I like unbeliev There it is laying right there right and then it strikes and it just starts you feed on these things. You think on it you start reading a scripture and then wow you see the picture of what's being taught right of what God was revealed right. hope. If Leodysia is the worst uh uh church, is there even hope for Leodysa? Is there is there a people that could possibly come out of Leoa? Turn around. Look around. You're looking at them. That's right. Look at those are your fellow sjourers. Amen. Thank God that I was like the young ones here, you Malachi and there they are born of the message. Oh, that's a blessing. I hope you saw that some things this weekend, right? How blessed you are to understand holiness. Some of us received it a little bit later, but nonetheless, we received it. It had to come God's provided way. Right? Amen. So, praise the Lord for that. Now, in 1 Corinthians 1, Paul, I'll tell you this. If if if people can come out of Leodysa, in fact, that's the worst of the worst. Then how hard it would be for Corinthians? Shouldn't be any harder, right? Is it possible that God could show them the way, could bring them out of these things and and those sort of things? What? Preparing for the rapture. Absolutely. Sure. But now notice in 1 Corinthians 1, notice he says, "Now I beseech you, brethren," in verse 10, "Uh, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you, but that ye be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment." That's the first thing he hits with a church out of complete disarray, completely messed up church. Leodysia lukewarm hot and cold a church that oh my goodness that what Christ is actually Christ was not out of this church the Bible doesn't say that but Christ is actually being kicked out of Leodysia but notice what's so important that we have to have the exact same mind and that takes what not just teaching but it comes it takes revelation from the Holy Ghost it takes a bornag again experience I'll say it like Because remember each one of us has our own ideas on this on this. But when it comes to the mind of Christ who is teaching us the hidden man within us, the Holy Spirit within us should be teaching us all the same things. Right? We should be able to speak the same things. And look at he that you all speak the same things and there be no divisions among you. Right. Absolutely. Should be no divisions. There should be we should we should be able to reason come together and reason in all things and look at every quote and then bring it what look at every scripture that that quote deals with right these quotes deal with now notice but they eB be perfectly joined together in the same mind and the same jud judgment he's hitting oneness he's hitting oneness in the body why because if you have been born again you are one with Christ and Christ is one with you. And if we have been born again, then we should start receiving the mind of Christ. The mind of Christ should be seeking down within us and revealing the same things. Now, each one of us are different ages, right? As far as uh uh levels of revelation, levels of understanding, levels levels of faith, right? But when it come down to like uh uh uh just general revelations or general thoughts in the scriptures, we should all have the same mind. For it has been declared unto me to you that, brethren, by them that are the cl house of Khloe, that there are contentions among you. There's little quarrels, little problems here, little problems there. This, this, this, what, and what those little quarrels are disagreements cause division. What if someone is to call you and well uh and start to uh bad mouthing the pastor, right? Well, what would you say? Well, brother, let's uh do you have a problem with pastor so and so or this brother this this and they maybe you ought to go talk to them. Maybe you should go talk to that brother maybe. And I'll say like this. Should you if you have a have a problem with a brother or a sister when you when you're supposed to go talk with them, do you make it an open show or do you do it in private? What's the Bible say? To do these things what? In privately. First you go oneon-one monoemono. Brother Malachi, if you don't understand this and this this and brother Malachi's like, well, brother Sai, if you don't understand this and this this and then if we can't hash it out and one of us is wrong or one of us is right or however, then the other one would bring another witness and say, "Hey, this this this is wrong." And but we're to bring these things in private first. And if they don't receive it, then the second time then then we make it public. Right? It's one of the revelations lost here. He says that there are contentions among you. The very first thing, the problem in this church, not this church, but in a church like Corinthians is there's division and God does not like division. Now notice where does division say come from can come with within the church. Look at verse 12. And this I say that every one of you saith, I am of Paul. I am of Paul and I am of Casus and I Christ. Notice within this church, I don't I don't even know. I'll be honest. I don't even know who the the pastor of this church is. But notice these people within the church are now putting their headship. They're leaning on Apollos who is the Bible says mighty in the scripture. Some were putting their weight on Paul. They were leaning on others outside their pastor. They're elevating. And I have Sorry. And I have Cphus and I have Christ. Look at this. All kinds of well well brother and so and so teaches it this way and well this other brother teaches this way and within this this church right here we could have three different ideas on the same subject because you're listening to this one, you're listening to that one, you're listening to this one, you're listening to this one and now saints of God, what do we do? Too much contention. But what? There's a pastor in the church and that's who we believe what God is speaking out through the pastor. Doesn't matter saints of God. If you are a member of this church, then brother Jess is your pastor. You know my pastor, brother, brother Cam Smith is my pastor. That's geography. That's just what this how God in fact brother Jesse or God God used brother Jesse to ordain a church over there. That's a powerful thing. So now notice is Christ divided? Was Paul crucified you or were you baptized in Paul's name? So, saints of God, we're not to what? Christ is our head. Amen. Now, look what he says. He says, uh, and I want to, this comes from the sermon I was listening to on the way here. When I heard this, and this is a key right here. Well, this brother sees it this way. And this brother, saints of God, there's one thing God's looking for. This is Christ, the mystery of God revealed, paragraph 303. God is known by simplicity and a revelation of Jesus Christ to the most illiterate person. See, not your theology. It's a revelation of Jesus Christ. He says, "Upon this rock, I'll build my church." No, the rocks accepted, but no other things accepted, no other Roman rock. He says, "No Protestant rock, no other school, no nothing but on exactly the revelation of Jesus Christ through the new birth." Literally, you have to have you make gota you got to make sure you're born again. He says he's born in there and he injects his own life and your life is gone. Do you see your life gone? And then all you see is Christ. He says he's born in there. He injects his own life and your life is gone. And the life of Christ is projecting itself through you with preeminences to the people that they may see the very life, works, signs and wonders that he did. He says is doing the same thing through you outside of it's like brother Malachi you're still working in the orchard. Let's say little uh brother Malachi is a big man now graduating soon. You get little Timmy junior freshman uh high school junior high kid wants to come work with you. Little Timmy's like uh Malachi uh I'm going to get this ladder. I'm going to reach these apples. Brother Malachi like be careful. Watch the ladders are a little dangerous, right? Little Timmy climbs up the stream. He falls over, right? Uh he's got to be careful on what he's doing. But Malachi is there to try to instruct him and show him or teach them. And what and I'll tell you this. He falls off and breaks his arm. Brother Malachi by the life that's in him knows there's a physician on the scene. He knows he's packing the physician. And he goes to little Timmy. Timmy's like, "Oh my arm, my arm." Malachi, "Hold peace be still, my brother." And he goes down there and says, "Brother Timmy, let's relax. Relax, Timmy here." And brother Malachi starts praying on him even in front of who knows other co-workers and this this. He starts praying on him and what God heals the brother right there. He was that young man that would be the very life that's coming out that's living in him because automatically brother Malachi's is he like this 911 no that's a thought but the racial thoughts like Jesus can help him and I'm packing the Lord and he does what God does outside of that he says he says and the life of Christ is projecting itself through you with the premises to the people that they see the very life signs, works, signs, and wonders as he did in the same thing through you. Outside of that, the rest of this is not even called to at all. He says, "Watch God's great revelation unfolding by lack of this revelation, we have so many different divisions among us and so much mockery." Saints of God, if we could get back to Christ and Christ alone, Christ living and breathing in you, you feeding Christ within us and he's what living his life fully out of you, saints of God, this is going to change everything because what what do people want? Oh, they want love. Sure, they want love. They want to see what do they want to see? They want to see a real living God. But brother said, he says this is a lacking of revelation. And what does this cause? He says that's why there's so many different divisions like just like Corinthians. Oh, everybody has this intellectual thought on this, intellectual thought on that, or this is this, I got a psalm, I got this, this saints of God, we need to see the life of Christ. So much division among us is because the people lack that revelation. See, they lack that revelation. He says the teachers, right? Absolutely. See there, there, see there is the gospel. He said that's the gospel Christ living out. I was like this if brother Malachi and me were well I see it this way and I see it that way. Saints of God, even if God has not revealed it to me and has reveal revealed it to him or vice versa, at the end of the day, this is my brother right here and I will stand with him against anyone to the end because it's it's not always we're even though we should be on the same level on many things, it's not going to be perfect all the time. Just like St. Paul says, he says, "I don't want to deal with Mark." And then later on in the ministry, he says, "Bring Mark." What? Paul had to catch a revelation that he was a valuable person in the ministry. Right? See now he says but there it is. He said the gospel. See he says go into all the world preach the gospel. He says didn't go say go teach. He says go preach. Demonstrate the power of these signs. You follow them. Just teaching doesn't do it. It's the actual spirit itself demonstrating these signs. Amen. Now discord or divisions. One of the six things that God hates in Psalm sorry Proverbs 6 verse 12. A naughty person, a wicked man walketh with a forward mouth. He winkketh with his eyes. He speaketh with his feet. He teacheth with his fingers. Forwardness is in his heart. He devisth mischief continually. He sweth discord. Saints of God, we're not here to divide anyone. And I'll say like this. uh if if in the deeper things I'm not talking about baptism or even godhead this and this but even deeper than those sort of things or however you want to say uh into the seals and those sort of things saints of God not everyone's going to see perfectly perfectly together right but the main thing is we can keep the presence of God among us real divine love displayed between us right because what at the end God's gonna God's going to sort it all on these sort of things. So notice, therefore shall his calamity come suddenly, suddenly there shall be broken without remedy. These six things does the Lord hate. Yay, seven are an abomination to him. a proud look, a lying tongue, hands that shed innocent blood, a heart that devises wicked imaginations, feet that be swift to running to to to mischief, a false witness that speaketh lies, and he that sowed discord among the brethren. So if uh once again, me and uh let's say me and sister case have a disagreement on something. I say I call up brother Malachi. Malachi case just doesn't understand this thing. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? She's just a girl. Wait, sorry. She's just a young woman. She's not She's not a revelated. Now I'm sewing discord between in their own household between brother and sister. And God hates that. Amen. Now he says now presuming 62 he says that's what we did when the revival started about 14 years ago. Pentecost found out she couldn't stretch herself no further further because she'd organized into little groups and hated one another. So that swed that discord among the brethren and the revival struck it and the evening come in. But what did she do? She couldn't do nothing because she'd organized. She'd lost her strength, her brotherly love, the fruits of the spirit. That discord will run the spirit of God right out. And that was the first thing, the first problem the Holy Spirit uh addressed through St. Paul to the Corinthians. Now notice, let's just I'm just going to hit this quote right here. Hebrews uh chapter 7 number two 57. And you people with those sawblade tempers that's always spouting off in the mouth at somebody can't be put and things like that, be careful. You're guilty if you speak a word against your brother. You're guilty if you speak one thing against your brother or sister. Now, why is that? because of this brother right here or this sister right here or this these saints right here or that if you have the baptism of the Holy Ghost within you, you're not just dealing with the people because the Bible says if you're born of the flesh, you are flesh. But if you're born of the spirit, you are now I'm speaking bad against a spiritual person, against a spirit, not not flesh. Notice the holy Jesus did not even recognize your flesh after you're born again. He says he that is spirit is spirit and flesh. Spirit alone. You become you. So see that's why you're a new creature. You are a spiritual being when you're born again. You're not dealing with the flesh there. See something in their flesh may have anointed you. Something in their flesh may have done something wrong to you. But saints of God, if they're born again, they are spirit. And you better be careful. I've seen a lot of this go on recently. You're guilty. You speak one word against your brother. That's not that's not right. Not that you justify in yourself. Not you're justifying your heart. Uh not just go around and tear it down. He says you don't have to stick a knife in a man's back to kill him. You can break his character and kill him. Kill his influence. He says, "Speak against your pastor here. Say something bad about him, you might as well just shot him right from here." Because remember your word, the Bible says what? If you speak the word of God, it's a double-edged sword. And it's what these you're dealing with a the most powerful force in the world right here. Your words because out of them will either go life or death. told something that wasn't right about him. Well, it'll kill his influence with the people and things like that. And you're guilty of that. What Jesus said, writing the Corinthian church. One thing I like, well, I'm going to skip that back. Now, let me keep jumping here. In is 1 Corinthians 2, St. Paul starts dealing with spiritual men and carnal men. He says, "But God has revealed them to unto unto us by his spirit. For the spirit searchth all things, yay, the deep things of God. So if you are Holy Ghost filled, your mind, God should eventually somehow in time or due season or however when when there's deep things being taught, deep things being preached, you should be like hungering for that. Yes, that was for me. And then your alone time, you start having deep thoughts about the word of God. You start having things you're wondering about the word and the the future home and this and that and original sin or or the depths of the godhead and the logos and all those things of God that the Holy Ghost will lead you to the depths. Did he say he's going to leave you as a shallow baby feeding you milk? No. He's going to give you meat because wherever the eagles are gathered, there will the carcass be. What is the carcass? The word of God. He he says, he says, "For what man knoweth the things of a man, but save the spirit of man which is in him? Even so the things of God knoweth no man but the spirit of God." So if you want to know the things of God, you need the spirit of God within you. Now we have received not the spirit of the world but the spirit which is of God that we might know the things that are freely given uh to to us of God which things we also speak in the words which man's wis not not in words which man's wisdom teaches but what the Holy Ghost teaches comparing spiritual things with spiritual that's that's the very important part right there you can't and I'll say this even with dealing with the quotes of the prophet well the prophet said this was that the flesh of the prophet was that his idea or was that the mind of Christ that takes discernment. Will you see what a prophecy from 1954 when that new pope that new pope comes out of America, the United States? We've heard that before, but man, is that going to happen? Was that thus sayith the Lord or not? Well, here we go. In fact, the sister just told me I said uh uh three weeks ago I was at their house and she's like, "Brother Simon, I was telling everybody I was telling everybody that the pope's come out of America. The pope's come out of America." The quote I said, "Well, hold on, sister. She he never said thus sayith the Lord." She's like, "Oh, oh my goodness. Maybe I shouldn't have said." I was like, "I don't know. I just didn't see thus say the Lord." Well, come to find out. Here we are. That must have been obviously the Holy Spirit speaking out of the prophet. But I wasn't too quick to jump on that wagon. I'll never forget when brother Jesse was making a video on Kla Harris in the purple dress. Thus say that's it, brother. She's the one. She's the vice president. She's dressed in purple. This this brother Justin's like, "Well, I never forget. I watched that video." He's like, "Well, he never said thus say the Lord." So, let's just hold back. Wait and see. come and gone. She's out the door. That wasn't it. Now it's looking like it could be just the Catholic Church. See how See what you got to take spiritual things. You got to weigh everything through the word. Brother himself himself he said he said when it's thus say the Lord he says then it's the Lord. He he said a lot of this is me. Amen. Now, but notice in verse 14, he said, "But the natural man receiveth not the things of the spirit of God." See, I marvel. I marvel. I just marvel so much when the things that we have received and you share them with people and that light strikes down and nothing comes back. How many How many people have you have we witnessed about baptism? brother, you need to get baptized. Or sister or lady, you ever hear about baptis name Jesus Christ? Like uh you know really doesn't matter. But as soon as I heard it, once that light flashed upon us, he what it it struck that seed and it started to quicken and grow. See that that's the and it might not be their predestinated moment. Might not be their pred predestinated time, but saints of God, why doesn't this thing should start clicking? You know, this should click something strike home. He says, "But the natural man receiveth not the things of the spirit of God, for they are foolishness unto him." They're foolishness. Well, you know, what does it matter? God knows my heart. Neither can he know them, for they are spiritually discerned. Look what he's working with those Corinthians. Notice he continues on in chapter 3, 1 Corinthians 3:1. And I brethren could not speak unto you as spiritual but as unto carnal as even unto babes in Christ. So St. Paul says he says I can't even deal with the deep things right now. Right now in this letter I'm writing about carnality. There's divisions. There's divisions. There there's discord. There's this one saying this this one saying that. No one can agree on anything. This place is a complete mess. So he to teach them. He said, "You've got to compare spiritual things with spiritual." You've got to com because remember Jesus what the words that I speak are spirit and our life. If we want our ideas or thoughts on this, we've got to look at this scripture, this, this, this, and saints of God, it'll ring true in there. He says, now notice verse three, I have fed you with milk and not with meat. For where uh thereto you were a not able to bear, and neither you are able to now, for ye are yet carnal. For whereas there is among you envying and strife and divisions, are you not carnal and walk as men? So much carnality. These people were living in the flesh. Here I'm at service Wednesday night. Praise the Lord. Man, I wish I could play like brother Malachi. Man, he's so gifted. Kind of jealous of you guys. What a loser. See, that's carnality. But when we come in here, man, it's Wednesday night. My brothers, my nephew is playing tonight. I got to I got to watch him when he had little bug eyes, big eyes, and he was just here, wait, right? I got to watch now. He's playing. He's leading songs for the bride of Christ. He's singing for the bride of Christ. And what do I want to do? I don't want to I want to say let's enter to worship. We are here to praise the king. Amen. And saints of God and he's what that's a sacrifice unto the Lord. Does he have to uh brother Malai? You know I want you to play. He's like you know I I really don't want to do it tonight. I you know I'm not just I don't want to be just used for my talents and this and this and I'm He willingly like a lamb a sheep willingly lays down his own rights because he has rights. She has a choice. No, Dad. I'm not playing tonight. You have to lay down your life for others. He doesn't do that for himself. He's not up here magnifying himself. He's doing it what? For you. He says, "Are there not strife and divisions? Are you not carnal? Walk as men? For while one saith, I am Paul and another saying, "Am I Paul? Are you not carnal?" Look, he goes back to that. Well, brother Jessica, God, bless you. Brother Jess is my pastor. And but you know, I like how brother Malachi sees it on this different angle, too, you know, but I think I kind of lean towards Brother Malachi's version of, you know, saints of God. If our pastor can take it back to the word, and that's the right way. It's got to go back to the scripture. Now look what he says here. For for a while one saith I am a Paul and another I'm Apollos. He says are you not carnal? Who then is Paul and who's Apollos? But ministers by whom you believed even as the Lord gave unto man saints of God. Every person is what? Given to you sister Naomi is given to us by who? The Lord. The Lord brought her here. The the children were brought here by God. You sister Z was brought here by the Lord. Brought back to the word and and all those sorts of things of God. It's for each other. We're to what? Pull off our strength. What if the only ones that showed tonight were Aacia and Malachi? I just had to focus because you showed up. Because you showed up. What? It gives strength with there's there is strength with numbers, saints of God. I could back here you guys are singing and you it was it was a loud noise. Why? Because with what the Bible says what a three-fold cord is not easily broken instead of a one or two but a three. Saints of God, wherever two or three I am in the mid, there are in the midst, there I am in the midst. Right? Wherever three are gathered, there I am in the midst. Right? Saints of God, all we have to do, it doesn't say you have to pray. He says, where two or three are gathered, you just got to show up and he's there. He's protecting his wife. He's with his wife is with his bride. He says, "I have planted Apollos's water, but God gave the increase." We're just up here laboring. He's laboring. We're laboring. your laboring and worship. But what it takes God to give the increase. No glory can come to anyone. It is glory to God, the Lord Jesus Christ or doesn't go anywhere. It's to him. Everything must go to him because he's done it. But God gave the increase. So then neither is he that planteth anything. Why do a lot of Bible studies? Means nothing. He says neither he that waters. Someone's come to preach and brings what? The power of God down. Listen to this. And the anointing comes down. all things God, but God that giveth the increase. Everything of Christ, Christ chooses, Jesus chooses to either bless it or not, or just leave his hands off of it. Now, he that planteth he that watth or one, and every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labor. Right? Now, notice, I'm going to I'm going to uh in chapter 3 again, 1 Corinthians 3, St. Paul warns the Corinthians. What he say? He says, "I have laid the foundation as a wise master builder." This this original word here come this fresh word coming to you. God allowed me to lay this down to build this foundation. And what does he tell you? He says, "Be careful how how you build on this. Be careful how you build. Be careful how you teach this. Be careful how you interpret this. Be careful how you think about this word." Why? because he says for no foundation can another way. I don't I think Paul was wrong here. No, Paul said in Corinthians he said also he said he said Jesus Christ will come and judge. He's a judge by my gospel. The foundation is set saints. How have we built on it? How have we thought it? He says now if any man build upon this foundation gold, he says silver, precious stone, wood, hay, stubble, every man's work shall be made manifest. That's scary thing. It is scary to what? Fall into the hands of a angry God or to the living God. I was like this. It's one thing when brother Ram approached the angel, but when he came in the presence of God, he passed out. Passed out. Saw Christ twice. Couldn't take it. He's standing sideways. As soon as he turned to him, he's out. Look at John Revelations one. He says, he says, "And he fell as one dead before Christ." We're talking about the Almighty God. He says, "For every man's work will be made manifest, for the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire." He says, "And every man's work of what sort it is. If any man's work abide which heath built thereon, he shall receive a reward." So saints of God, if you if especially sister Naomi right here has children, if she builds these children up with the word of God, she doesn't even have to. Brother said, "What? She's the uh was it the six-fold in the house? She teaches she has more time with these children than anyone has." Even Pastor Jesse or any of the ministers, if she builds the word of right of God right with these children, raises them, trains them up in the admonition of the Lord and she does it correctly, there's a rewards come with that. Just the same as a minister, as a wife with with your husband and and how you build and this you display yourself, your character, how you speak uh with meekness and all sorts. Thanks to God, if she does that right, there's a reward coming. He says, "If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss. But by he himself shall be saved. So as by fire." Now notice he hit all that. And then chapter five, look what he hits. 1 Corinthians 5:1. It is reported commonly that there is no that there is fornication among you. Wait a second. He hit division and contention and strife and envy and oh, I'm of this and I'm of that before this sin. Why? Because one is a spiritual sin. This one's made manifest in flesh. That's obvious. But now it takes the Holy Ghost to discern what's going on here. And St. Paul said he only had to hear a rumor of it. And then what? The Holy Ghost within him started dialing in and says this, this, this, this, this, this. But he hit dis he he he hit contention he get division before this and such fornication is not so much as named among the Gentiles that one should have his father's wife. He says and ye are puffed up and not rather mourned. He says, "But you have done this deed, but he that done this deed has been taken away uh might be taken away from among you. For I verily as present as present in body, but uh absent body, but present in spirit have judged already as though I were present concerning him that does such this deed. In the in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, when you gather together when ye gather together in my spirit and with the power of the Lord Jesus Christ to deliver such as one unto Satan for the destruction of his flesh, that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus. Your gloring is not good. Need know ye not that a little leaven leavenventh the whole lump? Notice they were g they weren't even ashamed of that. You know why? Because there was probably some people that actually sided with them. Well, I you know I don't I can't find these you know I I don't know the scripture that well, but I'm sure there's I'm sure it's probably okay. Well, no, no, brother. There's there's Old Testament things that that strictly prohibits that. Well, you know, is it very specific? is a truly written like word all like completely flatout word. Is there anything for that? So there's even probably has a division on that because some were puffed up on it. Hey brother. Oh hey sister so and so. How's your uh dad's? But no. Purge you therefore with the old tent leaven that you be new lump as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us. Look what he hits here. And then so notice he deals with fornication right in the church. What is going on here? But there's divisions the worst. This is bad. Now notice what are the what are these most what what are the problems he's dealing with? Is he dealing with problems in the church of Corinthians from the things that are happening outside? All their problems are eternal internal problems. All their problems have to do with brothers in the church. Brother and sister in the church. brother and sister in church or sister and sister in church because notice what he goes to next here in chapter six. Dare any of you having a matter against another go to law before the unjust and not before the saints between you cells? Me and brother Malachi. Brother Mali, I got this business to you I want to do with you. I need only $5,000 of your cash and we can make this thing work and this and this. And Malachi's like, "Sure, brother. I trust you. You're my uncle. Gives me a check for this this." I go and wager it on something else or invest in this. I lost it all. Malai, I'm sorry. Mali's like, "That was $5,000, bro." Uncles. Uncle, he's like, "Got me by the neck." And he calls the popo. He's calling the popo on me, right? No. What's he supposed to do? Go before you? He's supposed to first of all deal with me again. Go before you. Say, "Hey, let's come in." Bible says actually grab the least that's that's respected as least in the church or the what someone would think would be the least in the church and have them judge. Brother, tell me your story again. I gave Uncle Simon $5,000 invest and he lost it. I think I need retribution. Well, brother assim. Yeah. Yeah, but you know it's all risk. You know, business is risky, right? You should be able to judge between me and him. [Laughter] We should settle this not in the people's court, but in the bride's court. I don't know if you know what the people's court is. Anyhow, now he says, "Go to law before the just before the saints. Know ye not that the saints shall judge the world?" You're going to judge those you've lived with. You're going to be judging people you never even met before by what is flashed upon that great screen of their lives. Right? He says, "And if the the world shall be judged by you, are you unworthy to judge the smallest matters?" Well, Uncle Simon lost $500. Not five grand, 500. Maybe it was $50. I still lost it. And I should be saints of God. The the smallest things. Can we weigh? Can weigh the smallest things? Do we have the ability in the spirit to to judge between right and wrong or the smallest things? Just like Solomon. Two harlots come up. One baby died. The other one, they're both pleading their case. That's my baby. That's my baby. Solomon's looking at him. The real mother would love that baby and we give everything for it. Sama says, "Bring me a sword." Grabs the baby. In fact, when I were a little child, uh my mama had a little child's uh picture book and they showed Solomon with the baby. hang that baby up upside down by one leg and he was ready to chop it in half. He hung that baby upside down in that picture and I was like pretty extreme. Guess what? That that got I've never forgotten that. But look how he just grabbed What if that really took place? We don't know. What if he just grabbed that baby by one leg? Baby starts crying. The real mother's like, "Don't you touch my right?" And he says, "Cut discernment. The smallest things." Now, let's continue on here because I don't want to wait too long. In chapter 7, 1 Corinthians 7. The Bible talks about uh marriage and divorce. Notice how St. Paul's working these things. He's getting division out. He's getting sin out. Now, he's dealing with the biggest thing that needed answer in this day and age. Oh, this brother's been married three times. This brother's been married two times. This this brother man was up on the mountain and God revealed it and yet the Bible the Bible has been here for 2,000 years and people still did not understand marriage or divorce even though it's in 1 Corinthians 7. What was the revelation? The Bible says a woman once married cannot be remarried if she leave her husband. A man cannot be remarried if the if the husband and wife separate or divorce. The husband cannot remarry save for fornication. That's it. Other than that, they have to remain single the rest of their lives. Right? Simple. That's scriptural. And yet, even in the sermon, people are getting messed up in that sermon. Now, chapter nine, 1 Corinthians 9, what does Paul hit here? Paul hits how he's a worker for the for for God. He says, "Am I not an apostle? Am I not free? Have I not seen Jesus Christ our Lord? And yet ye and not and are not yet ye my work in the Lord?" He says, "Have I not I begotten you?" In the in in the scripture and he goes on and talks about how he says, "Do not I have power to lead about a sister as a wife? I have the right to get married. I have a right to do this. I have a right to do He says, "But I've laid down my life for everything else. I've given up." In other words, I've given up. I've surrendered all my rights. So, notice he's dealing with the Corinthian church. He's being an example, right? So, between all of us right here, well, I've got I've got a right to do this. I've got saints of God, we surrender all of our rights. If this sister or this sister needs something and you're busy that day and you have to do something of your own, saints of God, surrender your rights. Well, my stuff's more important. Saints of God, if a little one or a sister who's doesn't have as much muscularity, vascularity, height, stature, strength, then brother Malachi, this sister's moving. But Malachi's like, "Well, I got to go shoot guns today." in my big truck carrying my all my guns in my big truck to the shooting range and the sister needs to move. He lays down all his rights and goes help the sister move because St. Paul was ex He says follow me as I follow Christ. What my What about my life? What? It is gone. Your life is gone. But because I died, you died a long time ago. When you receive salvation, saints, you and when you've been born again, you're no longer flesh. These flesh have no this flesh has no more rights. You're now a spiritual what? Worker of Christ. You're a spiritual tool of Christ. And you lay down your rights because what? If the spirit of God within you that the same one that was in him, he laid down his rights. He became a lamb. He became He followed the dove. He became a lamb and laid down all his rights. What? To save others. To live his life for others. Amen. Now notice he's talking about them giving up your things. He even says in uh 1 Corinthians 9:11, "If we have sown unto you spiritual things, is it a great thing if we have reap your carnal things?" In other words, take tithing, takes offerings. But even St. Paul said, he says, "I don't even do that. I don't even take anything from you." Why? Because he doesn't want to be a burden to them. Well, they are to give the pastor a salary. Why do you have to give Paul St. Paul? Don't give don't give me nothing. I'm I'm good. Now, let's continue. What is St. What is the Holy Ghost doing for St. Paul right here? He's trying to get this church in order. And he's teaching that church, he's telling that church how to get in order because he's leading up to something. The worst church out of the book of Acts, seven churches, Corinthians was the worst. Galatians was bewitched, but the Corinthians all messed up. But notice how the spirit of God leading like a like a like a father leading the child. Come here. Quit doing this. Quit doing this. Stop. Stop. Stop. No. No. Come here. Okay. Do it this way. Do this. Do this way. He's bringing this bride. He's bring He's dealing with this young woman, this young church, and saying, "No, you're supposed to act like this. Act like a bride. Act like a lady instead of a worldly one. Not carnal. 1 Corinthians 10, he's dealing, he's warning against idolers. So stay away from adultery, right? Idolatry. Now in 1 Corinthians 10, he also says, "All things are lawful for me, but all things are not expedient. All things are lawful, but not all things edify." Praise God. You have rights to do. You're an American. America, right? You can go, you can go do this on Saturday, you can do this on Friday, you go out to eat on Thursday night, you can go, you can do whatever you want as long as I give you funds and you have free time. But what if God wants you to pray on Wednesday nights when the church doors are open? Should not we have a desire to go to church and what? fellowship with one another in the word, in singing and praise and worship and hearing these things, saints of God. We lay down our rights. Now, 1 Corinthians 11, he says, "Be ye followers of me even as I am of Christ." And what does he do in this chapter? He start dealing with headship. He know the problem. He says, "Women, you got to let them let that hair grow. He said that hair was given for a covering. Brothers, you hippies, you bike riders, hurry guys, cut the hair, keep her trimmed. He said because these outward appearances mean something. Hair and dress, sanctification, don't look like the world. Whatever the world's doing, do the opposite of that. Be holy, undefiled, be separate people unto God. What's he doing? He's cleaning them up. Look what it says here at the end of 1 Corinthians 11. What does he get? Communion. Take, eat. This is this is this cup is the blood of the New Testament. Why? Take the unleavened bread. Do the feet washing. But there that's a very dangerous spot here. That's one of the most important. I I taught that a while back. That was literally the last second to last thing be before the rapture the as far as the cut off Corinth as I communion will show who you are. If there's sin in your life, communion will show it. Wherefore, whosoever should eat this bread and drink of this cup unworthily shall be guilty of the blood, the body and blood of the Lord. But a land let a man examine himself so that he him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkketh unworthily eateth and drinkketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. That was taking place the entire time because there's envyings and and discord and divisions. What? Against the Lord's body because you're the Lord's body. You're the Lord's body. You're the Lord's body. You're you are the body of Christ. You know why that place was all messed up? Because they're right here. They did not discern the Lord's body. There actually is a curse that comes with this. Now, here's a here's a revelation with this. But St. Paul, I'm sorry, saw he was riding the horse, right? Coming to Damascus, and the light shone down from heaven, knocked him off his horse. He saw the light. He said, "And what did Jesus say? It is hard for you to kick against the pricks." And Paul, St. Paul said, "Lord, who are you?" And he says, "I am Jesus," right? Look at look at this. Let's just say this. For this cause, many are weak and sickly among you and many sleep. You know why people get sick that are Christians? Have they discerned the body of Christ correctly? Correctly. Because this is one of the signs they have not judged correctly. They have taken communion unworthily. There's still sin in their life. They backed this. They back talked to this person. They've railed against this person. I've seen this happen. Notice Acts 9:5. Saul, why pers persecutest thou me? St. Paul's dealing with what? The body of Christ. You eat or drink unworthily. Look what Jesus said. Saul, why persecutest thou me? Look at the oneness between Christ and his bride, Christ and his church. When you back talk or judge unworthily your brother or sister, you're doing that against Jesus. That's because what the Bible says what? He that is joined with Christ is one. When you're born again, you become one. You are Mrs. Jesus Christ. The Bible it says the husband and wife are one flesh. Jesus the Bible talk about he says he said that we are bone and bone bone of his flesh and bone of his bone and flesh of his flesh. We have to be careful how we handle one another. This is the most this is one he hits this twice about what? Be careful how we treat another one another because you're not that's not you. That's not sister Z. That's Jesus Christ. Not brother Malachi that's Jesus Christ. You are Jesus Christ. Unless he's lying. Did God lie, then what are you? You are the feminine attribute of Christ of God. You and God are one. Now, after he gets after we get this understanding about the oneness communion, be careful how we're see. We got to come clean. We got to make sure everything's clean. And then what takes place next? What is he working with? He brought him all the way from division, fornication in the church. And what does he hit next in chapter 12? Let's get these spiritual gifts going. So he's bringing the complete carnal church into the spiritual gifts. What's he building to? He's going to what? Form a bride. He God what? St. Paul says, "I have espoused you to one husband, even Christ." And this is the kind of wife that Christ want. Let's talk like this. When uh Isaac was looking for his wife, he sent Eleazar, right? Elezer comes in there, he's at the well, and he's like, "Lord, give me this is the sign that I need." And sure enough, uh Rebecca comes and she does her thing and uh Eleazar's like, "That's her." What does the Bible say? He gave her gifts and she put on those gifts, those ornaments. And brother Ram said, he said, "Those were the gifts of the spirit." So we see where she put them on, show me one scripture where she took them off. So if the bride, if Rebecca want the gifts, if the bride has to have the gifts, that's what God wants. She wants you displaying what? His life working through each one of our gifts. Now, and what is he working into after verse 12? For as the body is one and hath many members, and all members of that one body being many are one body, so also is Christ. I need I need these gifts. This I can't even begin to think how complicated that is. But when he looks at those, he sees when he looks at these white keys and them black things on top, are those keys When all those keys there, he sees a song. Me, I'm just looking. They're black and white. They make noises and uh I have no idea how that works. I can't even figure it out. I need that gift. You have gifts. I need it. Sister Z, do you have the gift of prophecy? I don't know. I don't know. But if you got it, we need that. Do you speak in tongues? I don't know. Do you have that healings, miracles? We need these operating. And the prophet said, he said, if we're a good praying church, he said these things will be multiplying among us. So he brings back down to body again. We need these gifts. We need these within us. What? Because this gift is what keep the church clean. Then of course he gets verse chapter 13. What was he dealing with? Divine love. So after the gifts that divine love has to resonate in us, faith, hope, and love or charity. But the greatest of these is charity. What's he working to? He's bringing this church from the depths of insanity, from being controlled, completely controlled of Satan. He's trying to make him her the bride. Charity suffereth long guy drives me crazy. I always have to look up to him. Hurts my neck and his kind. Charity ever evident not look at those muscles vaunted himself up. I'm still older than Malachi is not puffed up. Well, brother Malachi, I'd like to shoot. I'd like to take your truck in my car and we'll see who races on the drag speed out here. Who can do the wheelies and the burnouts? No, divine love has that's not even on my mind. Do not behave itself unseemingly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked. thinkketh no evil now abide faith hope charity these three but the greatest of these is charity when I was a child I spake as a child and I stood as a child I thought as a child but when I became a man I put away se childish things what is he bringing he's bringing us into maturity almost done chapter 14 what's he doing he says get these gifts going now we got to get the gifts in order speaking in tongues that's great he says but I'd rather you prophesy He says, "Because when someone here comes in here to speak in tongues, they're like, "Oh, this is barbarian barbarians, right?" But if then after someone speaks in tongues and someone interprets and bring forth the prophecy, surely God is in this place. See, this is this is the Holy Spirit bringing this people, this church back. Now, let me read you something. Is it possible for the Corinthians to make the rapture if they follow these guidelines because look at this in 1 Thessalonians 4 verse 13 through 18. This is the rapture. This is rapture. For if we believe that Jesus died and rose. Oh, let's verse 13. But I would not have you to be ignorant, brethren, concerning them which are asleep that have passed on, not as others which have no hope. For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus shall God bring with him. For if we believe that Jesus and dies, uh oh yeah, for this for this we say unto you by the word of the Lord that we which are alive and remain. So you've got not only you have to be alive at the rapture, but you must remain in the word. you must remain because what does the Bible talk about in Hebrews 6, Hebrews 10, those that turned back and Cain left the presence of the Lord. John 666, and they no longer walked with Jesus. We have to remain in the presence of God in the Holy Ghost. He says that we which are alive remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with a voice of the angel, and with the trump of God, and the dead in Christ shall rise first. So what does he hit first? The dead in Christ. And then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds. 1 Corinthians 15. 1 Corinthians 15. The first part deal with what? the resurrection of the dead. First of all, we need to clean this church up. Not saying this, but get the church clean. Get the gifts operating. Then he starts dealing with what? The dead in Christ rising. Now notice, for the dead rise not, for if the dead rise not, then is not Christ raised? Then is not Christ raised? And if Christ be not raised, your faith is vain, and yet are you in your sins? Then they also which are fallen asleep in Christ are perish. If in if in this only life only we have this hope that we are men most miserable. But now is Christ raised from the dead and become the first fruits of them which slept. So if Christ was the first fruits and he rose up, then those that died in Christ will rise up again. He says, "For since man, since by man came death, and by man also came the resurrection of the dead." See, Christ did it as a man. He rose up. Then the dead in Christ will rise up as well. For as in all Adam, for in Adam all died, even so Christ shall all even so in Christ shall all be made alive. But every man in his own order, Christ the first fruits. After they that are at Christ at his coming. So at the coming Lord, who are the first fruits? The dead in Christ. That's great. But then now 1 Corinthians 15:50. But now I say this, brethren, that the flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God. Neither does corruption put incorruption inherit corrupt incorruption. Behold, I show you a mystery. We shall not all sleep, but we shall be changed. Saints of God, he brings this church completely messed up to being ready for the rapture. The worst church. He says, "If you follow my plan, this is what takes place next." Well, brother Sai, man, uh, my home life or I'm not really, just follow the plan. As brother Jesse said one time, textbook Bible, you don't know how to make the rapture, just read 1 Corinthians and go all the way to 15. And in there, you'll find how to make the rapture. He takes you step by step by step by step cleaning up, cleaning up, cleaning up. Oh, let's get spiritual now. Get these gifts going. This and that. But maybe after all these, no matter what gifts you got, he said, "We got to have divine love." Once we That divine love is there, what? We're ready for the rapture. Let's stand. I'm sure many men I wonder What Apollos? Because remember some say I'm of Cphus. I'm Apollos. I'm of uh Peter. I'm of I'm of Jesus. I wonder if uh Apollos would came to Corinthians what he would hit. He probably preached something deep mystery. If if Peter would come there and says, "Repent. We are faith. You got faith. You're a children of the faith." Why? Because he was a fire brand, right? But the first church age comes on the scene and sees a church completely out of chaos. And the Holy Spirit says, "Get them in line. I want them in the rapture. They must make this rapture." And now, not even when he's in their presence, but he writes a letter so inspired of God that shows them how to make the rapture. And he sends it out. And everyone in that church, Corinthians, will be judged by those letters. Amen. You love the Lord. His word is rich. His word is right and we can have confidence in that. Saints of God, I want to be now what's what what did the prophet say that this age would produce? Oh, another Corinthians. No, another Ephesians. He said there would come another Ephesians to this. He said even Christ, he says, was an Ephesian. What was an Ephesian? They were as Corinthian was in that kind of a condition. The Ephesians were already in line. They were already in order. They were a mature church. He could bring predestination within the first chapter. And they're just like, "Yeah, that's right." And he brought what? The second greatest mystery in the Bible between between Christ and the bride. I think he says this is a great mystery. Out of the 12 mysteries, two of them are great. Godhead and first Corinth or Ephesians 4 or Ephesians 5, I'm sorry. Let's be the Ephesian. But saints of God, if we still have some characteristics of remember, we're in America. There is probably a little bit of Corinthianism in us. We've got to get out. But that takes by what? The Holy Spirit. Saints of God, we can do nothing except God alone. We can't. We can't even. I would love to grow a little bit taller. We can't even do that. I would love to have a little more hair right here. I don't know if you noticed, but I would love to do this. Saints of God, you can't add one thing to yourself. Malachi is looking at Mr. Bubs. Mr. Bub's like, "Oh yeah, Malachi, you're getting pretty big, but I'm still bigger." Right? Mal's like, "Well, look, saints of God, let's get ready for the rapture. We know the path. Let's grow in maturity." Amen. Brother Mal if you want to come play here. Thanks God these things were written for edification. These things were written for what? That we would know how to deal with these things. Because remember most of these things in the Corinthian church they were dealing with things within their own assembly with an individuals with within the same assembly is what it all comes down to this. If Christ's in you and Christ is in me, we've got to work this out together. We've got to be in the same mind. We've coming to a oneness. Read John 14 15 and 16 tonight. Even 17. Jesus said he said that they may become one. Now, the World Council church is going to use that scripture too. John 17:21 20 21 22. But that's that scripture is for the bride. This bride is going to come to a oneness with Christ and one another. This body will be built again. Amen. Well, hearts, minds clear. If you need prayer, saints, God, we will be happy to anoint with oil and say a prayer. But let's just say a word here. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, there's many things written here, Lord. Many things said, and Lord Jesus, I just brought it with awesome God. just the only way I could bring it. Lord, thank you for this thought. Lord, we know you gave it to our brother, God. Came fresh from heaven, just showing how much you love this Corinthian church. Lord, even though we're such uh carnal believers, Lord, in fact, St. Paul said they were sanctified. He didn't say anything about being filled with the Holy Ghost, but they were sanctified. And Lord Jesus, you took that you took that woman, that church, Lord, in that condition and you tried to work her up to the stage to be the bride, Lord. And Lord Jesus, right now, every church on the face of the earth is a woman. It's a type of the woman. And Lord God, every church is in a condition. And Lord Jesus, Lord, we do never want to identify ourselves with the Corinthian church, Lord. But Lord God, we choose Lord to accept and believe, Lord, that we are the Ephesians. And Lord God, whatever it takes to get us to that Ephesians state, God, to get us to the Ephesian level, God, that sort of maturity, God, Lord, we're there was only one letter, a small letter written to the the Ephesian, the mature church, and that would get them in the rapture, Lord. And Lord Jesus, as you said, the mi the great mystery, Lord, is between you and the church. Lord, how we should reverence ourselves to our headship. Lord, some of us have children, some of us has husbands and wives, some of us have jobs, but Lord, unless you are the preeminence, unless that wife submits herself totally to the husband, Lord, then Lord God, who would you be interested in that kind of a woman, Lord? But Lord Jesus, Lord, we yield ourselves. We humble ourselves, Lord. We can we dedicate ourselves once more, Lord, as we do daily, God. Lord, Lord, we want to stay clean, Lord. We want to make you, we seek first you uh the kingdom of heaven, Lord, and all these things will be added unto us, Lord. We love you. Bless the people, God. Bless Pastor Jesse, God, and his wife. And thank you for the child for safe delivery, Lord. Had to come a different way, but Lord, you are in full control. No life was lost, Lord, but life was brought in, Lord. We love you. Bless the people, God. Give them strength, God. [Music]
