################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - (5-4-25) Abraham Staggered Not But Gave God Glory - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-04
Title:   (5-4-25) Abraham Staggered Not But Gave God Glory - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_W0xOt1cno
========================================

Let's go to verse 17. Romans 4:17. I just love the Lord. Don't you? You know, it seems like God just sends the right message at just the right time. Hallelujah. That's what I felt like on well, last Saturday and Sunday with brother Dennis and then uh Wednesday with brother Cadre. What a blessing. He preached at Cam on Cam's church on Thursday night. I listened to that. It was called the master of circumstances. That was a wonderful kind of followup. It's like almost like a two-part series of our service. And he preached those same testimonies he shared at the end regarding the gasoline and uh the buck. He shared those testimonies there at brother Cam. So, it's a real real blessing to hear it again by God's grace. Romans 4:17. I'll read 17 down to 19. We can read 20 together by God's grace. 17 says, "As it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations before him whom he believed, even God who quickenth the dead." Now, in this text, he's talking about quickening their dead loins, right? Their dead reproductive ability, right? God quickens the dead. He makes the dead things come alive. Hallelujah. and calleth those things which be not as though they were. And it's speaking of Abraham. So at one point Abraham got to the spot he was calling things. He was saying, "I do have seed. I will have a child. Sarah will have a child." God had to build him up. We're going to see that again today. We'll review it a little deeper today. We're going to see how God had to quicken the dead bodies. Hallelujah. So Abraham could call those things not as though they were. who against hope believed in hope that he might become the father of many nations according to that which was spoken so shall thy seed be. Verse 19. And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body now dead when he was about a hundred years old, neither the deadness of Sarah's womb. Praise God. Let's read verse 20. 1 2 3. He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in faith, giving glory to God. And let's read 21 as well. And being fully persuaded that what he had promised, he was able also to perform. May God add his blessing to the reading of his word. You can be seated. Praise God. Hallelujah. So today by God's grace we'll have a two services. I'm going to right after service though I'm going to take some of my family home. A little weary from we had a really busy weekend there at the conference but then I'll come back for the second service uh by God's grace. So we look forward to that. And then I think Malachi's got Malachi and the whatever teenagers there's a Sheffield youth meeting tonight and so um they're going to go up to that. And so brother Chris if you'd like to go to that'd be a good thing. Uh you know if you ever feel led to go up there. I know Lena's been there. Right. Brother Austin, have you been there, brother? Okay. Once. Amen. Praise God. I went up there a couple last year and it was good to see all the saints and shake their hands and uh it was a blessing. I think I went up for prayer. I was so touched by the the message the brother gave. So, we know all the efforts you do to draw closer to God, God will honor your efforts. Praise God. And God will meet you. No matter where you have expectation, if you expect to see God, you'll see God. We just got to live in that atmosphere of faith. Hallelujah. So, I trust it'll be a blessing here. Uh, but we'll have service here at 3 and then I think is it 5:30 is the youth service. Okay, the youth service is at 5:30 up there in Sheffield. So, praise the Lord. So, I want to um you can switch over here. I have a few slides. I didn't get to everything uh but I'll be able to Lord willing uh preach this thought here. I just kind of want to continue where brother Diggs left off. I was very stirred up. I was very thankful uh for that message. And uh I want like to preach on Abraham staggered not but gave God glory. Hallelujah. So that's what we want to do today. We want to give God glory. Hallelujah. No matter what circumstance we find ourselves in. And here's some of the thoughts I love. I went listen to like I said I listened to it yesterday. I listened to it today. I just love faithb buildinging services like this. That's why God has evangelists. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. Uh so we're thankful. And uh our brother was sharing with us from Hebrews 11. It's impossible to please God without faith. And faith is a substance of things not seen. Hallelujah. So, it was a very good point there reminding us of the scripture. Walking by faith is believing the unseen. Praise God. Now, as we'll see today with Abraham, God did give him some visual clues before the promise actually came to pass. Hallelujah. In other words, their body started changing before they actually knew uh Sarah was expecting Isaac. And church, that's how it is with us. God will give us, brother Ram calls it progressive revelation. God will give us continue a little more revelation because we need it to stay encouraged by God's grace. God has to make us who don't believe, God has to help us believe. Praise God. Because it is not in our faith to believe. We don't overcome by our faith. We overcome by the faith of the son of God. Hallelujah. Remember that's in Galatians. Paul said, "The life I live, I don't live by my faith, but I live it by the faith of the son of God." So that's what that first faith is on the statue of man. It's his faith I live by. Praise God. It's a portion of his spirit. Faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness, charity. Hallelujah. It's a measure of his spirit. Praise God. And brother uh brother Diggs was saying if if you can prove something with a natural eye, then it's not faith. And remember, Abraham is the father of faith, we are the children of faith. So if our father could have faith, we can too. Hallelujah. And you know, church, you can look at your natural dads. If if your dad could do something good, well, so can you. Praise God. Hallelujah. Maybe you can do it better. I hope I know my children can do a lot things better than me. Praise God. Better memory. Hallelujah. uh better talents, you know, and all the instruments they play, the tambourine and their song specials, they can already sing way better than me. Praise God. Hallelujah. I know they can cook a lot better, too. Right, Caris? Hallelujah. But uh spiritually speaking, every father wants his children uh to supersede what he has. Hallelujah. In other words, every every mother and father, they want their children to grow greater in faith than they have. Hallelujah. And now we're not saying we'll have greater faith in Abraham, but we do know we have greater access than Abraham because we're in the New Testament and the Bible said has better promises. So we do have access to better promises. Hallelujah. Because we have the baptism of the Holy Ghost promise. Hallelujah. And then our brother told us faith beyond circumstances is the title. And so we want to uh just rejoice in that. And uh he told us God wants us to wait on him to bring us promises to pass rather than trying to do it ourselves like Ishmael. Right? Abraham and Sarah looked at their circumstances and tried to make the promise of God pass uh come to pass. We'll see why that was. We'll see why that was. God gives promises. We don't believe yet, but we'll bring them to pass. God isn't concerned about the circumstances. God allows circumstances to unlock our faith. Hallelujah. And God doesn't, he said, could never increase your faith. He gives you everything you need when he created you in the spiritual seed in your soul. And that was quite a statement to me. I never heard it like that before. But it's a it's a statement focused on the spiritual element of it because it's true that our faith and virtue is already in the spiritual seed that's inside of us, right? So, think of all the fruits of the spirit. Think of all the times where people will see the love of God in your life or they'll see patience in your life. It came from the spirit of God that was in you. And that spirit is a seed. Hallelujah. And so the reality of me, the reality that came to me is it's it's our responsibility to keep the seed in the right ground, right? Because it needs three things. The seed needs a ground, light, and water. It needs those three things. And Jesus in the Bible gives us all the symbols of what they are. The soil, Jesus said, is a good and honest heart. So if you want the promise of God to come to pass, always be honest. Especially, brother says, be honest with God and be honest with yourself. Hallelujah. If you're doing great. Hallelujah. Praise God. Rejoice. Live as high as you jump. But if you're struggling, be honest about that, too. Hallelujah. Be honest with God. That's the only way we can overcome. That's that's keeps the word of God in the soil. Hallelujah. And then we must keep the seed in the right atmosphere or the sun. Uh 2 Corinthians 4:6 says it's the light of knowledge. So we got to have the knowledge, the understanding of the word of God. We're honest and we keep uh the knowledge of the word sh the knowledge of of the word si shines on our life, right? Keep growing in the knowledge of God. And then the water psalm says uh Psalm 23 uh 22:3 says he inhabits the praises of his people. Hallelujah. So if we do these things, if we live honestly with a good heart, if we grow in the knowledge of God, and if we keep giving God praise, that seed is going to bring forth of its own kind. Hallelujah. That's right. And we start in the dirt, but we don't stay there. The son, the water unlocked the power of the seed. And every victory is in you right now. It's in the spiritual. It's in the spirit of God that's within you. Hallelujah. And faith is stronger than facts. I'm getting down to the end here. He says, Abraham and Sarah were old and barren, but faith changed the circumstances. God brought Abraham and Sarah to a place they believed God and he unlocked their faith. God unlocked Abraham's faith through stages until he had perfect faith. That's what that means. Perfect faith just means a true revelation. It just means mature faith. It doesn't mean you never sin. It doesn't mean you never make a mistake, but it means in that moment, God let you have mature faith for that moment. Praise God. Hallelujah. Because we know even after great things in brother Abraham's life, great things in our lives, great things in Abraham's life, amazing things, they still fell short of God's glory, right? So it's it's perfect faith. It's mature faith for the the the season and the time that we need it by God's grace. Hallelujah. And then I just want to bring these up. Abraham's faith grew after each circumstance. By the time Isaac was offered to offered, he had faith to believe in the potential resurrection of Isaac. This is m This is how much his faith increased. He he he told the men there when he went to Mariah right by Mount Zion or Zion. Hallelujah. Where's that? There he is. Mariah was right next to it. And he said, "Just stay here with the donkey." Right. And I and the lad will go yonder and worship and come again unto you. So he knew if God's asking me to kill him, then God's going to have to raise him up because God has already promised me through this seed through Isaac. That's real faith right there. Hallelujah. That's a revelation. He had a revelation of resurrection. Hallelujah. Because God had already made a promise. And if God asked him to do something, God he he has to do it. But he also knows God's word won't fail. Praise God. And then the Bible said in Hebrews 11:19, accounting that God was able to raise him up even from the dead. From whence also he received him in a figure. So God gave a figure through Abraham and Isaac that he was going to receive uh the son was under judgment but it was if he was given a pardon and he they got life back from the dead. It was a figure of Jesus Christ getting his life again. Jesus raised from the dead. Hallelujah. Oh yeah and I sorry I left off some uh other verses. Sometimes they copy over in the copy and paste and process. So oh I got some more to go. Sorry I thought I was down to the end. God will do his part even if you don't do your part. Like when Abraham lied to because God's promise is on the line. We should have re we should have received judgment at times but God gave us grace and favor. This unlocks another measure of faith in our lives. I like this. He said, "Do you believe or not? Are you a son or daughter of God or not?" And the church said, "Amen." I like that. Just challenge us. Are you a believer or not? Let's believe. Praise God. We're not called here to unbelief, right? We're called here to belief, to faith. Hallelujah. He says when the master comes, he can change every circumstance. He says don't cry and say, "What am I going to do?" He say, "S say I'm going to believe." You're going through circumstances in order to unlock your faith. Since Jesus came to his disciples during the storm, the same God will come to you in your storm. All right. Now, now I'm going to pick up uh from here. I just thought that was a good review. How many appreciate the review? Praise God. It's good to hear it again. Hallelujah. uh we need to be uh we need to understand what staggering means. So uh let's go back to this. Remember brother said every time I go to feeling a little depressed he turned to Romans. He didn't turn to the bottle. He turned to the Bible. Hallelujah. Every time you get a little depressed, don't turn to the things of the world. Yes, you might at times, but turn eventually to the Bible. Hallelujah. Brother Bam had a go-to. When I'm struggling, I go to Romans 4. So when you're struggling, go to a sermon, go to a song, or ask for prayer from that brother, that that sister. Have something you go to. Have a way out of the trial. Hallelujah. Have a plan. Hallelujah. Right? Have a plan. If you know you're going into a battle, you got to have a plan. Hallelujah. So, Brother Bam's plan was he'd go read Romans 4 and he'd say he wasn't Abraham wasn't weak in faith, but he staggered not at the promise of God. Hallelujah. And then brother man tells us you know in 1961 he said he was reading about Abraham and uh and and and Paul wrote a divine commentary on Abraham's life and he said Abraham many times got frustrated like we do. Anybody get frustrated this week but when but when the commentary was written there wasn't any of the frustrations mentioned. Never mention them at all. Look at Romans 4. God never mentions Abraham's struggle. He just recognizes his faith. And that's what God's looking at in our lives. God's looking at your faith. Hallelujah. You're walking by faith. God's looking at your walk. Even though you stumble, even though you fall, the Bible said a just man falls seven times, but he raises again. Hallelujah. God's looking at your walk. Are you walking in obedience? Are you walking more towards heaven? Hallelujah. That's right. God didn't mention any of his mistakes in Romans chapter 4 and he said see Abraham staggered not the promise of God but was strong giving praise to God that's the way I hope mine will be wrote up there is not my mistakes and everything but just what I try to do the intention of my heart to do for God's people Abraham was just trying to believe God hallelujah he was just trying to stay there in the promised land sometimes he got scared he left the promised land but he was trying to stay there. Hallelujah. We're trying to obey the word of God. So that means God won't lead us uh God won't lead us outside the word of God, but God will lead us back when we purposely leave. God will bring us back to the promise. Hallelujah. Just like he did Abraham. He wasn't trying to make mistakes, but he just made mistakes. Hallelujah. And God will strengthen us and God will bring us back to the place where we can give God praise. Hallelujah. That's right. I just And that's my prayer, too. Lord, just look at the attention of my heart. Just look at what I want to do for God's people. Please don't look at my mistakes. I just want the people to be blessed. Hallelujah. That's what I say as a preacher, as a song leader. Lord, just forget my mistakes. I'm just trying to point the people to you. I just want to see them overcome just like they want to see me overcome. Praise God. We want to see each other overcome. Hallelujah. That's right. So, see, we need to have hope for ourselves. Hallelujah. Hope for each other by the grace of God because we know we're going to stand before the judgment seat. Hallelujah. I love this one. Remember, let's go back to uh Joshua and Moses. I love this one. He said, this is one of the just a beautiful quote. We find God in spite of all the failure Moses had, he glorified himself. He never made it over the promised land. He murdered a man. God still had his hand on him. Think about that. A murderer. And God still had his hand protecting a murderer. Hallelujah. What a consolation that must have been to Joshua when he heard God say, "As I was with a murderer, so will I be with you." Oh, amen. As God was with others who struggled, he'll be with me in my struggles. Praise God. Think about that. Or Abraham, as God was with a liar, I'll still be with you. Abraham lied. Hallelujah. As God was a David, an adulterer and a murderer, as God was with him, God will be with us. Hallelujah. He don't throw us away, church. Hallelujah. The Bible says all those who come unto him, he will receive. The Bible said whosoever comes, he will give him water that flows freely. Praise God. We just got to keep coming back to the father. Hallelujah. Amen. And I love that. Although if I'm trying and I fail, God won't leave me. Church, even if you fail, God won't leave you. And the church said, "Amen." I need one of those amens. I don't have much confidence in anybody that's too afraid to do anything. So, see, church, at some point, we need to find our ministries and do it. Praise God. You're never going to be perfect in any ministry you try to do, whether it's food or clothing or music or preaching. You're never going to be perfect in any ministry, but you got to find what God called you to do. Praise God. You know, in fact, I've talked to numerous preachers over the years, and they're so thankful for the ministry that they're have because it keeps them away from the temptations of the world. It's their focus. They got to like me as a pastor, I've got to go study. I've got to go preach. Some many times that's hard maybe on my flesh, but I love it because it gives me a ministry. It gives me a purpose. Praise God. It gives me something to do. Hallelujah. It makes a lot easier to run from trials and temptations when I know I've got to do this, God's called me to do it because I know even if I fail, God won't leave me. He'll still be faithful to me. He'll rec help me recover myself. Amen. He won't leave me. He can never forsake us. Hallelujah. It's impossible. Praise God. That's why we get addicted. The Bible said you get addicted to the ministry of the saints. See, church, you got to find what your ministry is and then get addicted to it. I love coming to church. I'm addicted to it because I get to see the faith in your lives. I get to close my eyes and think about Jesus coming back. I get to cry and weep and rejoice. I get to clap. I can act however I want. I can give God all the praise I want. I'm addicted to that. I'm addicted to God's spirit. Praise God. That's what everybody here needs. Some ministry that you're addicted to. You You give yourself to the ministry, God blesses you in it. You can recognize God is blessing you and then you just stay dedicated to that and God will bless you in that ministry. Hallelujah. Glory to God. God had commissioned Moses. His failures meant nothing. Your your mistakes mean nothing to God. And the church said, we always think, "Oh, my failures, they mean so much to God." God's just like, "Just confess them. Move on. Just keep marching towards the promised land." Hallelujah. They mean nothing. They They don't mean anything to God because God's already got a provided sacrifice. Hallelujah. He's already paid for the sins. Hallelujah. You just have to stop and acknowledge your sin and say, "God, forgive that. I'm moving on. Let me be stronger this time." See, his favors didn't mean anything. God knowed what? God knowed his heart. God knows your greatest desire in your heart is to serve him and please him. Amen. Hallelujah. how it must have felt when God said, "I'll not fail thee." I can't wait till Sight and Sound gets a hold of this. Hallelujah. He said, "I'll not fail thee." Look at that. God won't fail us, church. As I was with Moses, so I'll be with you. No man shall stand before you all the days of your life. I'll destroy and divide. I'll make the way clear, church. God's going to make your path clear. Hallelujah. Amen. Don't be afraid. I'm with you and I'll see you through. What a commission to this man. Hallelujah. Brother said Joshua represents the church. Moses represent the law. Right? So Joshua represents the New Testament believer as God was with the Old Testament. God will be with us. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Now let's look at this here. Stagger. What does stagger mean? Now I emphasized definition three and four. It means to withdraw or desert. So uh and he separate oneself in a hostile spirit. So see now church we all get upset. We all we all make mistakes sometimes. But Abraham never left God fully. Right now even Lot Lot even deserted and he withdrew himself from Abraham. Now God knew he needed that. But brother said Lot forgot about the promised son. So Lot stopped fellowshipping with Abraham and look what his life turned into. So see, Lot staggered at the promise of God, right? He knew what Abraham had been promised, but he staggered at that. The Bible said he got his eyes on Sodom and they started moving down there and he moved progressively into Sodom till he became a leader at the gates. Ram says like a mayor, some type of a judge in Sodom, a homosexual overrun city. He became a mayor in it. That was not the place for a child of God. So see, he deserted. He staggered at the promise of God. But Abraham didn't stagger at the promise of God. Hallelujah. Now, see, he lied, right? He lied a couple times. He opposed God, but he kept asking for repentance. He kept trusting in God. Hallelujah. So, see, he didn't stagger at the pro. The Bible says he did not stagger. So, see, when we make mistakes, what do we do? We just we just keep coming back to God. And if we keep coming back to God, God doesn't hold it against us. God forgives it. Praise God. Hallelujah. Because we're the children of Abraham. Hallelujah. That's right. Ab God forgave Abraham's unbelief. At some point during his 99th year, he received faith to believe. At some point, only Sarah laughed in Genesis 18:12. Abraham wasn't laughing anymore in Genesis 18, proving God was helping him be stronger in his faith. Abraham laughed in Genesis 17, but Abraham did not laugh in Genesis 18. See, the more God, the more experiences you have with God, the more your faith will believe. The stronger your faith will become. Hallelujah. Oh my. Abraham's visitations from God persuaded him to believe. So, let's pray for more visitations from God. Hallelujah. Yes. Glory to God. I like what? Let me read these quotes. But Abraham didn't stagger anywhere at all of unbelief. He believed that God was able to perform that which he had promised. That God would prove his word no matter how long it took. But instead of getting weaker each time like we are prone to do, he got stronger all the time. If it didn't happen today, tomorrow be a greater miracle because it's one day older. It's just like wine. It's going to get older. The further you wait, the better it gets, right? The more power it gets. That's how a promise of God is. Hallelujah. Amen. That was God. That was God in Abraham, for he knowed that God proved all of his words to be so. Now, I like this quote. He says, "Uh, Sarah was included in it." God never gave Sarah the promise. He gave Abraham the promise, but Sarah was included. He made the promise in Christ Jesus. And I was included in him. You were too. See? So, all the promises to Christ, we were in Christ. Hallelujah. So, all those promises include us. Hallelujah. And then he reads Romans 4, right? And then he says, "It wasn't written for their sakes." He said, "Who was delivered for our offense and was raised again for our justification." Oh, brother, I could just hit the devil in the face with that 365 days a year. You're a liar. There's the word. I am healed. Praise God. So, Brother tells us you got to take the word and you got to slap the devil with the word. You got to slap or just use it like a sword. Cut him away. Brother says, "Cut him away 300." That means every day take the word of God and overcome the devil. Praise God. You can do it. You're Abraham's children. Praise God. You're the seed of Abraham. Church, don't forget Abraham was a common uh shepherd, but he was also a general of his makeshift army. What was it? 318 men. And it was just a very small army. But church, that's what we are. We're an army as well. Praise God. I need you to fight strong. I need to fight strong. Each person must fight the good fight of faith. Praise God. Each person must take our position in the army of the Lord. Fight the devil. Fight for each other. Let's be victorious. Praise God. Hallelujah. Now, we can all see Abraham sins throughout his life. Remember this chart I did a couple years ago? I think it was maybe two years by now. Remember, Abraham was an idoltor in he was actually making idols, the Bible said. But then he was called to Canaan and then to Heron. It was 600 miles he walked. That's a long ways to walk. Praise God. By faith. All he heard was God said, "Go to the land I'm going to lead you to." He traveled 600 miles by faith. But even in that church, look, he has all these mistakes at the beginning of his walk. If you're a new Christian, don't feel bad. All new Christians have a lot of mistakes at the beginning. Amen. And the church said, "Look, in this just in one chapter, he has three mistakes when he just became a new believer. Oh, give it some time." Hallelujah. Give it some time. You'll get stronger as time goes by. Hallelujah. I'm a witness. I was telling brother Chris, you know, but even before I got married, there were certain things I struggled with. Uh, and I never thought I'd get the victory. One of them is tobacco, but by the time I was married, I had victory over all of them. Praise God. It might have took three years. It might take four years, but just keep fighting the good fight of faith. Just keep getting stronger on God's word. Just keep feeding that white dog. You'll be stronger all the time. Hallelujah. Just keep doing it. Just keep coming back to God. You'll get stronger as time goes on. And then he has to travel 400 miles to Sheichum. And then 20 more to Bethl. And then he went down to Egypt, 225 miles out of the will of God. That's a long way to go out of the will of God. It's 170 miles to our hometown, Liberty Center. So, think about that's three hours in the car. That's a Now, let's apply that. That's a long way spiritually out of the plan of God. I don't live there anymore because it's a long way away. Abraham went a long way out of the promise of God, but God never forsook him. You can go a long way out of the plan of God. God will never forsake you. Hallelujah. That's right. And then he when he gets there, he lies to Pharaoh. Hallelujah. That was justification. Now he gets some sanctification. He starts, he returns. He comes all the way back to where he left God. And church, that's what you got to do. If you sin, you got to come right back to where you sin. And tell God, you're sorry and you're wrong. And take responsibility and say, say, God, I've sinned against heaven. I fell into the pleasure. I fell into the anger. I fell into this trap. It was my fault. Forgive me, but I'm coming back to worship. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. And I know you'll receive me because you call me to this land. It's the spiritual land of the body of Christ. Hallelujah. And then he finally obeys where God said don't take or separate yourself from Lot. And then uh then he Abraham delivers Lot by traveling 160 miles to fight and then 160 back. Then he meets Melzdc on the return to Canaan. He meets God in flesh. Because he fought for his brother and sister, church, just keep praying for your loved ones. Fight for them. How can you do it? Most time they don't even want to hear it when you talk to them to their face. So all you can do is pray for them. Hallelujah. Most of the time they don't want to hear about it. They want to hear about serpent seed. They want to hear about the Holy Ghost or the water baptism trinity. They don't want to hear about that. So alls we can do is pray for them. In fact, fighting on our knees is the most powerful thing we can do. Praise God. Hallelujah. And then God comes in Genesis 15 to confirm the covenant with the five sacrifices. But then he makes an awful mistake in chapter 16. He takes Hagar, another red blot upon his life. Right, church? We all got red blotss on our lives. Why did I do that? Why? Why did I let somebody talk me into that? Hallelujah. The word is amen. I got to get me an amen card. And I'm going to laminate it too. They can last a long time. And then in chapter 17, he gets a revelation. I'm El Shadai. God said, live before me perfect. In other words, be it's time for maturity. It's time to rise up and be more mature. Hallelujah. And then he circumcises them, which is a type of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Circumcis fleshly tables of our hearts. But then God says, "You're going to have a child." And he laughs at God. He's still laughing at God. Although in type, he's born again. He still laughs at God. And then in Genesis 18, God comes to him there in Hebron. He's out waiting for God. He knows God is coming and he's out there sitting and God comes and he gets the last sign before Isaac arrives. Hallelujah. But then Sarah lies to God. Abraham believes, but Sarah lies. See a little pattern in the family. Lie, lie, lie. See a little pattern in the family. The church said, That's why you know spirits are in families right? You know brother talked about the Bible talks about it God visits the iniquity on the next generation. So a lot of times the things your parents struggle with you're going to struggle with. But you've got a greater power to overcome. Hallelujah. I'm talking about if your parents weren't believers. If they're believers praise God you got a blessing. But then you're you might you're gonna you're going to fight something. Praise God. You're gonna you're gonna have some battle to overcome. But just know that, you know, there wasn't murder in his family line like Abra, like Moses's and David's. Think of all the murder in David's family line. God is going to forgive, right? Because that wasn't David's line. His sons and David, David had killed Uriah, but not in Abraham. He had a a kind of dishonest heart, but yet he was still called the friend of God. Oh. Oh my. Thank God for his mercy and his grace. Praise God. But Sarah lied to God. But God said, "You will have a a child." Then Abraham intercedes for Lot. They see Sodom destroyed. Abraham and Aimilec uh I'm sorry. Abraham goes takes he leaves the promised land again. Leaves 40 miles out of the promise of God. He's a long way from the promise of God. Yet God still blesses him. God still protects his wife despite his cowardice. The Bible says he was coward. He's afraid of his life. And then in beautiful chapter 21, Isaac, they finally receive the promise he's been waiting for for 25 years. Hallelujah. This church, I think it's on our 19th anniversary this year, if I'm not mistaken, coming up in June, we've only, some of us have waited 19 years. Well, let's be Abraham's seed. Let's keep waiting. Praise God. If Abraham can wait, so can you. Praise God. Let's keep believing God. Hallelujah. Let's trust God. And then Hagar gets cast out. They go down uh they go down to Bar Beers. Uh and then the offering of Isaac. They got to go 55 miles there to Mariah. Uh then they come back with the victory. Sarah dies. Elazar gets Rebecca. And then Abraham weds Coutura. Abraham dies in Hebron 30 miles. They travel 30 more miles. Now everybody see that? Let me go back. Everybody see what happened there? What happened? All the mistakes went away because the Bible said he staggered not at the promise of God. So when it's all done, God wipes it all away. And God said, "You never staggered. You are the father of faith." Hallelujah. God doesn't record all those red marks. God forgives all that. He remembers our flesh is just dust. And we have the law of sin in our members. He's looking at the seed. He's looking at the spirit of God inside of us. Hallelujah. And God says, "You staggered not. You never left. You stayed faithful and your faith kept you faithful." Hallelujah. Amen. That That's how God looks at it. He takes all the marks off. And he says, "You're a father of faith. I want every believer all the way to 2025. I want every believer to look at Abraham and say, "That's my daddy." Hallelujah. That's my daddy. If he could overcome, if he could pick up despite his mistakes and keep pressing God, if he could travel all those hundreds of miles and go through all the the all all the mental battles the devil tried to get on him, if he traveled all that and he stayed faithful, so can we be faithful. Praise God. Amen. Think about that. For 55 miles, the devil was whispering, "Your son's going to die. Your son's going to die." He had to just say, "No, God's going to resurrect him. God already told me. God already told me. And some of us, I drive 13 miles to work. I got to battle the devil for 13 miles on my drive to work. I got to do the same thing. But at least I get to ride in the car, you know. But 55 miles, you got to constantly deal with those attacks, church. We just got to cast down the lies. Amen. Amen. He said, "Take out your Bible and smack Satan with it for 365 days." Come on, church. Amen. That's right. Be like Abraham. Go through the journeys of life. Go through the trials of life. And don't stagger. Stay in the promise. Stay obedient. And you'll be called a child of faith. Hallelujah. Amen. You won't be the father. You'll be the child of faith. Now, did you remember this? I I just realized this this morning. God had to come five times to Abraham about Isaac. Five times. Hallelujah. One time wasn't enough, Brother Patrick. He needed reminders. Hallelujah. That's why I like that reminders app on my phone. Ah, yeah. I would have forgot that if it wasn't for that app. That's just a that's a copy of what God does. God just sends us reminders. I'm going to keep my word. I'm going to make you ready for the rapture. I am going to save you. I am going to fill you with the Holy Ghost. I am going to heal you. Praise God. Think of all these reminders. God had to visit him five times. to make sure he believed. Now, let me just review real briefly. Brother Ram said five has at least three meanings. Five means grace. Five means laboring grace. So, you got to labor for this. You labor in this favor and also means redemption, which means to buy back. The number five, God visits him five times. Why? God was showing Abraham his favor and also his labor, right? because he had to travel a lot of miles. Church, he walked many miles out of the plan of God, but God always brought him back. In other words, you can walk so far in the permissive will of God. Maybe you thought you never go 55 miles out of the per permissive will out of the perfect will of God. Do you understand what I'm saying? Maybe you thought I never go 400 miles or 600 miles out of the plan of God. But God will help you walk back to where you left him. Hallelujah. It's got to work. This is the plan. We all and the Bible said we all walk in the faith of our father Abraham. Hallelujah. Brother Ram said five is the number of redemption and there's five letters in Jesus. Jes su f a saved by grace through faith. Right? Hallelujah. There's a five-fold restoration if a man steal an ox. Four-fold restoration if you stole a sheep. Jesus has five letters. Faith has five letters. Grace has five letters. Sarah has five letters. Brother said five is a number of grace. He's perfect in numerals. He's perfect in his word. He's perfect in his action. He's perfect in everything because he's a perfect God. Jesus had five wounds. Amen. That was God's grace to wound him that he might heal us. Praise God. Two wounds in his hands, two wounds in his feet, pierced on his side. God uh had grace to heal us through putting the punishment on the Lord Jesus. Talk about laboring grace. He labored for us on the cross with five wounds. And with his stripes, we are what? We're healed. Hallelujah. Because of grace. Amen. The Old Testament, you were redeemed or brought back into fellowship with God through five offerings. Sin offering, trespass, burnt offering, meat or meal offering, or the peace offering. Hallelujah. Everybody remembering this a little bit? Even David picked up five stones, right? He said, which was uh grace. Jesus s a t- h g r a ce. Even David defeated the Goliath by grace. And we saw that a couple weeks ago. Goliath represented the cross. Death. Hallelujah. And Jesus was out there all alone. We weren't out there with him. We couldn't defeat Goliath, but our champion defeated death. Hallelujah. Amen. He did it by grace. Hallelujah. Amen. By the grace of God. Now, I'm not going to go through all these, but if you want to hear me preach it, I'll give you the link to the sermon. Hallelujah. But there's a lot of fives. I just want to get to a couple more. He said, "Grace grace gave them a prophet, Israel. Grace gave them the pillar of fire. Grace gave them a lamb, a sacrificial lamb. Grace gave them power. Grace gave them deliverance. Grace gave them victory. Grace gave them all these things. and they danced in the spirit and shouted and praised God about it. Church, we ought to dance sometimes to tell God, "We're thankful for the grace. God, give me every part of my Christian walk. It was all given as a favor. I didn't earn it. God gave it to us by grace." Hallelujah. Now, I don't have time for all these. These are all beautiful nuggets, but I'm not going to go through all these. Go. You can go back and listen to it. It was I Jose and I enjoyed it. I know he was here back in 2018, I think that was, brother. Hallelujah. Elijah comes five times. My uh brother was born at five o'clock in the morning. Hallelujah. Grace. Grace to the gentile church ages. Hallelujah. Uh third Paul had five manifestations. I'm just going to go through these quickly. Yes. Uh I feel like there's one more I want to get to. Yeah, there it is. Five is the number of laboring grace and even labor has five letters in the English language and he talks about Jesus. Okay, so I just wanted you to see that it represents grace, laboring grace and redemption and the church said so how many times did God visit Abraham five times? So in other words, Abraham needed grace. I'm going to go back to that visual real quick just uh real quick. the first time. Now listen, I'm gonna go through these five times. If you want to write them down, you can. You read it. You check me up on this. Genesis 12, one, two, three. One, two, and three. This is the refer the first recorded promise. And it's very general. God just says, "Go there to the land, and I'm going to make a nation out of you." He didn't even talk about any children yet. So, he just said, "Okay, I'm going to this place. I'm going to have a nation." I don't know how. Remember, he thought it was going to be Eleazar. Remember that? He thought uh Eleazar was going to be his heir. Remember that? Well, got a promise. But see, God would have even despite his mistakes, God was going to go show him more about the body change. Ah, the rapture glory. Verse third, uh, Genesis 13 verses 14- 16. After he separates from Lot, now God tells him, you're going to have seed. So, here God tells him, you're going to have seed. First, you're going to be a father of nations. Now, you're going to have seed. Okay? So, I'm going to be a father. I'm not. I'm 75, 80 years old, still haven't had a child. Church, don't be discouraged. God has the right time for everything. Amen. Hallelujah. And here God promises him a seed. In verse 16, I'll make thy seed as the dust of the earth. Now, what a promise. A 75y old man and no children. I'm going to make your seed as the dust of the earth. Man, I wipe, brother Austin, I wipe the dust off my computer every couple of days. Like, where is all this dust coming from? And God told Abraham, "Your seed's going to be like the dust." Amen. There's going to be believers. Oh, the believers are going to be everywhere. And he hadn't had one child yet. Hallelujah. And the Bible said he never staggered one time. Praise God. He He never left God. He kept believing God's promise. I'll stay with God because I know he's a living God. Hallelujah. I don't know how he's going to do it, but I know he's going to do it. Praise God. I don't even understand all the details. I just know he promised me. So whatever God promises you, whatever he promises, he has to bring it to pass. And then God visits him in Genesis 15, he confirms it for the third time. But now he says this, Genesis 15:4 and 5, he says, he's already got Ishmael. He says, "He will not be your heir, but he that shall come forth out of thine own boughs shall be thine heir." But he brought him forth abroad and said, 'Look now toward the heaven, tell the stars, if thou be able to number them, so shall thy seed be. Hallelujah. Now he goes from the dust, he remember Simon preached on that. From the dust to the stars. Hallelujah. That's how Abraham's seed are. They start on the earth and they go up to heaven. Hallelujah. The fourth time God visits him is Genesis 17:es 1-8. But verse four says, "You'll be the father of many nations." Here in 17, he gives him more information on the same revelation. Hallelujah. Now, let me read it. It's verse six. And I'll make thee exceeding fruitful, and I'll make nations of thee, and kings shall come out of thee. Now, kings are going to be coming out of him. My goodness. This better, this gets better and better. All right, church. As you serve God, the promises get better and better. Hallelujah. God is going to save us, take us to heaven. He's going to rapture us whether we live or die. If we die, we're blessed. We get to rise first. Hallelujah. The promises get better and better as the time goes on. Hallelujah. And then he says it's going to be an everlasting covenant. And Abraham still laughed at God in verse 17. The Bible said Abraham laughed. Well, I don't know how you're going to do it, God. But now we get to Genesis 18. There 17:18. That's where he visits. And remember that visit was a a prefigure of brother Brandham's ministry because it was a it was the son of man visiting Abraham. But we didn't get the son of man. We got a son of man, brother Brandham, a prophet of God. But the son of man was anointing him Jesus. Hallelujah. And remember church, brother said that's thus sayith the Lord. That was the last sign. God visiting Abraham and Sarah in the flesh was the last sign before the body change. So brother's ministry was the last sign to the Gentiles before the rapture. It's thus sayaith the Lord. I know that's a statement. That's a quite a statement to make. That's hard for some people to swallow. But as always, prove it by the word. Hallelujah. Look at all these other churches and all the sins they love compared to the messa churches who love the word of God. Who's the seed of Abraham? All those who love his appearing. All those who want to see Jesus Christ manifest. They want to be born again. They want to be filled with the spirit. They want to see Jesus break through the clouds. And they want to be taken away before the tribulation. Hallelujah. All right, everybody getting tired here. So, let me try to How much time do I got here? Okay, I'm Okay, I'm doing good. All right. Now, I'm just starting to feel good now. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, God visits and and then he says in verse 10, I will certainly return unto thee into the time of life. And lo, Sarah, thy wife shall have a son. Now, like brother Dig said, now Abraham seen too much. He's not going to doubt God anymore. I've seen too much. He even come and visits my house. Before he just talked to me by vision, but now he comes even to my house. Oh, may God visit our houses. Amen. May the prince of God visit our home to prove that God's going to be with us all the way to the end. Hallelujah. God's going to visit us. And so now, Abraham, don't doubt anymore. Well, praise God. If he if he's been if he if he's told me five times, five is enough. Five is grace. Hallelujah. I believe now because God's grace has caused me to believe. Oh, glory to God. That's right. So, there you go, church. Five times. How many appreciate that? By God's grace, I want you to see it. Five times. Five times God had to come and say, "You're going to be a father and it's going to be through your wife, Sarah. Five times you're going to have a body change. You're gonna see you're gonna see your wife's body change." And that's what I love about Brother Digs. brought that out when when Abraham went down there with me Aimilec he'd already seen his start part of his faith was becoming sight so he was seeing his wife is becoming young this king wants to marry my 90 I'm sorry my 89year-old wife right Abraham's like just lie and say I'm just your stepbrother or something like that I'm your step because she's she's 89 but yet she turned beautiful but still in that moment he fell short of the glory of God. Was God done with him? No. God just told him, "Stand up. Wipe that off. Come back to the promised land. I'm not done with you. I'll never fail you." Hallelujah. Even though you fail me, I'll never fail you. Praise God. Oh my. Glory to God. Hallelujah. God will never fail us, church. Hallelujah. All right. Now, now we can all see brother Brandham sin throughout his life, too. Let me just go through some highlights here. I've always wanted to do this. I hit a couple a couple weeks ago. I just hit a couple of events, but let me I made this yesterday, so bear with me here. This is my juvenile way to do the same thing I did for Abraham, right? But I want to just I want you to see the decades of Brother Ram's life as a Christian. Now, the red represents when he got saved and got the baptism of the Holy Ghost, right? the end of 32 and then the middle of June and 33 he started the church there after the revival when the when they did the 17 water baptisms and the the voice said as I was with uh or as John the Baptist forer ran uh the first coming of Christ so your message will forrun the second coming of Christ and then he pastored from 33 all the way to 46 around May when brother man went out with he was given two signs like Moses the sign the hand and the sign of discernment. But remember, the first one didn't show up. I'm sorry, the second one, the first one showed up right away, that first poll. But the second poll didn't show up till about 1949. Let's look at that. You had to wait almost three years for God's promise to come to pass. You know what the Bible would say? The Bible would say, "Brother Ram never staggered at the promise of God. God told me it's going to happen. It's going to happen. I might have to wait three more years, brother Jose, but it's going to happen." Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And if brother Abraham can wait, we can wait, too. Hallelujah. Because we have all this word to feed on. We have this wonderful meal to feed on all this time. Praise God. All these blessings. We have so much uh spiritual food, spiritual meat in due season. Hallelujah. That's right. We have so much fe food and meat to feast on while we're waiting for God's promise to come to pass. Now 32 he was saved. 32 he got the Holy Ghost. December of 32 he was ordained to preach by Roy Davis. Roy Davis seemed like he turned out to be an awful man. That doesn't mean he was always an awful man. We don't know. I wasn't there. They accused brother Brandham and all these nonsense lies. Falsely accuse him by a guilt association. That's a lie. Now 1933 he gives us seven major visions. Right? We get the seven major visions. That was in June of 1933. Now 1937, the trouble started, right? Brother Ram's mother-in-law said, "You cannot take my daughter amongst that bunch of trash." And brother Brother said, "From right then, my troubles started." Wasn't long. So he turned down the invitation to go to the Pentecostal people and let his mother-in-law call them trash. He didn't stand up for the people of God. So God let the flood come. He lost his wife and his baby Sharon Rose. That was 37. The first red dot. Now, you know what's going to happen to those dots, don't you? Anybody? Everybody paying attention to Hallelujah. Amen. That's right. 1946, he gets commissioned by an angel with two signs. He said, "A vibration over your hand was the first one. And the second one was discernment." Now in 1947, brother Ram was already out on his ministry and brother Ram said, "I was sitting in Balam's shoes for six months." Brother Ram said he was like Balam by praying for the hardest miracles first. So Balam asked for the permissive will of God. And brother Ram said, "I got in the permissive will of God by bringing up all the hardest miracles first." Brother Ram said, "I was walking in a false prophet's shoes." In other words, I was I was disobedient. See, church, a son of God can walk a lot of miles out of the perfect will of God. For six months, he was out of the perfect will of God. And the church said, see, we've seen we've seen brethren amongst us. For six months, they're out of the perfect will of God. Maybe longer. Just wait on the Lord. He'll renew their strength. If they're a child of God, they'll repent eventually. Amen. Hallelujah. Six months, he said, "I'm in." Balam was a false prophet. And he said, 'I was acting like a false prophet for six months because I was disobedient to the first. The commission was just pray for the sick. The commission wasn't bring the hardest ones first. That's something he added to the promise. And I'm quoting brother Random. I can give you the exact quotes if you want them. I got them right in front of me. But in 1949, the second poll manifested in Regina, Saskatchewan. The angel said, "You'll tell people the very secrets of their hearts." In 1945, the second poll starts. Hallelujah. God keeps his word. Hallelujah. Amen. That's right. In 1950 though, I forgot to put it. The pillar of fire picture was taken in January of 1950. Uh I've thought about many times putting it back up here. I may do that by God's grace. We got it in my office there. And then did you know in 1951 500 ministers gathered uh at a convention? It's in the history books. And they all gathered there to honor brother Brandham. It was like a banquet just to honor brother Bham because they saw his his two gifts and they started their ministries and God started doing supernatural works. What I find interesting is brother Ram doesn't talk about that. You know why? Because brother Ram wasn't a prideful person. He didn't say like ah 500 people 500 preachers wanted to congratulate me and let me tell you how great it was. He don't even talk about it but history records it. They threw him a banquet in his honor just for just because he obeyed the voice of the Lord. Church, what is heaven going to be like? If he got that on this side, no wonder brother said the millions were running to him when he went behind the curtain of time saying, "Our precious brother, our precious brother, you took God at his word. You believe God's word. I was saved. Not only was I saved, I was healed. Not only was I healed, I was filled with the Holy Ghost because you were obedient to the Lord." Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. And I can say today I'm preaching by the Holy Ghost because brother Brand was obedient to the plan of God. Hallelujah. Amen. That's why I'm here. I wasn't preaching in denomination. I wasn't I was raised in denomination. That didn't give me overcoming grace. It was thus say the Lord, the word of God for this hour. It was the end time message that put me in the ministry. It's the word of God and I receive it. It's scripture fulfilled in this day. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. also at the end of 1951 he went to South Africa and he took the wrong itinerary a third red dot and the angel said go on with them but you're going to pay for it if you go with them you'll get amiebas and he had he said he had him for months and months and months until Jesus visited him and healed him got him back on the ministry hallelujah in 1954 he had that bomb Bombay trip to India. They estimated nearly half a million would have been at this meeting there in Bombay. So that was the fulfillment of the vision of 300,000 1954. But also did you know this in 54 after he got back from the India trip he developed a critical spirit because he saw preachers a woman preacher over there pulling the money from these poor Indians. And brother Barham said I developed a critical spirit and it haunts at me. So he goes there and sees uh the mayor said half a million people were there but he sees some things. He comes back and he starts criticizing them and all he can do is say bad. All he can say is this preachers this woman preacher she's a bad preacher and he said this evil spirit haunts me. Church we got to be very careful what uh what complexes we develop in our lives. Even look coming off great meetings. That was where in 54 in Bombay that's where God opened the eyes of the blind man. He said, "If if any of you Muslims can come up here, if any of you Jane seeks, if any of you can come up here and give him his sight, then I I'll follow you." And brother Ram said, "I wouldn't have said that unless God would have showed me that God was going to open his eyes." Amen. Hallelujah. And then God gave his sight back. Hallelujah. Half a million people might have showed up. 300,000 at least showed up to the meeting. That's right. But he got back. He developed a critical spirit. He said, "You pray for me. I've developed a critical spirit. I'm speaking evil about people. Church, be careful what you say about each other. There's time you have to There's times, yes, you have to call black, black, white, white, right, right, wrong, wrong. There's times you got to call it, but don't don't make it a bad habit. Hallelujah. Be very careful. You'll develop a critical spirit and it will haunt you. In 1956, he has the vision of the third pole right there in January. He tells it uh in January of 56. Now, I didn't put this one in here, but in 1957, look what he said in 57, church, a lot of times I don't feel that way that I'm saved. Brother Chris, he's seen a blind man receive his sight. But he says one, two, three years later, a lot of times I don't even feel saved because I'm fighting battles in the flesh. See, you're still going to No, no, no, no matter what how many miracles you see, you're still going to have to come back to reality. we'd say reality coming back to being a human and you're still going to have to fight battles, but we should enjoy the testimonies when they happen, right? We we should enjoy the victories, enjoy the supernatural, but remember, you're going to come back down to being a human, and you're going to have to overcome your your battles. You're have to fight. You might not always feel safe. You might not always feel like you have the Holy Ghost, but you got to keep fighting the devil. Hallelujah. Is that right, church? That's right. In 1958 59, he said there was a trap set for him. Thus said the Lord, that young people that those that young couple kissing and brother Bam said the right thing and didn't condemn them. Brother Bam could had power over their lives, but he had mercy on them. He passed the test. Also in 1958, the third poll manifested for the first time. Sunny Shimp, we were there, brother Jose. I got the pictures. We were there. They had it right up there on the wall. He was dying of, I think, cancer. Brother Ramb walked in there. Thus sayith the Lord, you'll sell me red hots again from across this counter. They got it right there. It was it was everybody knew it in Jeffersonville. It's right there. And then it it was fulfilled. He said, "Thus say the Lord, you'll not die, but you'll sell me again red hats over the counter." That's the third pole. In other words, that's the speaking to the mountain, the speaking the word. Hallelujah. Letting Jesus, in other words, speak through your lips. Praise God. That was the third pole of Brother Ram's ministry. speak to the mountain. It has to move. Hallelujah. Oh my. And then in 1959, November, Brother spoke to squirrels into existence. That same month, right after the SP squirrels were spoken, that was the that was the second operation of the third pole. Had he right was the third operation of the third pole. She said, "That's nothing but the truth, Brother Bram." And he said that super he said that super anointing dropped down and said, "Whatever you ask, I'll give it to you." Hallelujah. and her boys got saved. Her boy wrote that testimony, that generations book Jose got me. What a gift that was, brother. That was one of the greatest gifts you've ever given me, buddy. I That's a beautiful book right there. Hallelujah. So now the third the TP is third pole. Third pole. Third pole. Third pole. It starts operating here with the third pole. But in 1959, he also lied to the IRS. So there's the IRS lie, right? Then in 1960 he had sinus infection for nine days with a temperature over 100 for nine days. He missed the meetings and he said this. He said sometimes I wonder if he even called me and me said ain't you ashamed of yourself. That's a good thing we should probably memorize. Ain't you ashamed of yourself when we start talking negative? Ain't you ashamed of yourself, brother Jesse? Oh, why is the church struggling? Or why is it so quiet? Or why am I struggling financially? Why am I struggling spiritually? Ain't you ashamed to say that, Brother Jesse? You got my permission to say that. Okay, but if you say it to me, I'm gonna say it to you. What's good for the goose is good for the gator. And brother said, it kind of rebuked me a little bit. He said, how many of you brothers thankful for a godly wife? Amen. Well, I figured be quiet on that one. But that's another red dot. He even questions, "Am I even called to preach?" And Jesus shows up to him that very morning and uh showed him uh the third pole of his ministry. Yes, that's right. Showed him a Bible and then the promised land like Joshua. That's right. And then in uh 1960 also he said in the message as it was with Moses, remember this. He said, "I focused too much on the discernment." He said, "I let tens of thousands times thousands I've failed to pray for." Now, church, this ought to make somebody happy today. He admits, "I've made tens of thousands of mistakes." But he didn't he didn't he didn't have a pity party over it. He said, "That's fine." He said, "I'm still pressing on. I'm going forward to the promised land today." Tens of thousands of mistakes. In other words, tens of thousands. He spent too much time in the prayer line. He says because the people wanted the discernment but he was called to pray for the sick and remember then he went run out of strength and he couldn't pray for all the people. I've let tens of thousands go unprayed for and he says forgive me Lord I pointed too much to the sign signpost and not the commission. The commission is pray for the sick. Hallelujah. In 1960 though we have great victories. He preached to seven church ages. In 1962, he stored up food. He stayed in the USA most of 1962 and preached to us the stature of a perfect man. Hallelujah. Sers, is this the end time? Hallelujah. All those beautiful messages there from that time on. All these glorious messages in 1962 by vision. He said, "Store up food." It was the prettiest food. Storeing plenty of it. And that's the food we're feasting on today. Did you know that, church? This is the food brother left us right here. This was preached in 1962, November of ' 62. This was the food that you're enjoying. Oh, you ought to thank God that you got food to chew on like faith and virtue and knowledge and patience and temperance. God is brotherly kindness and charity. That's your food. God left us that to enjoy. Hallelujah. Usually I get more quiet and you guys get or I get more louder, you get more quiet, right? That's how it is. I just finally feel like like preaching now. Glory. And then everybody's else is getting tired. So forgive me. I'll try to finish up here. I didn't know how long this would take. In March of 63, he's visited by seven angels and preaches the seven seals. But in June, he says, "I've lost the feeling for the pre people. I built a complex to myself. I let the sick people lay." He felt like quitting and moving up in the Colorado mountains. But the angel said, "Your wife will leave you if you do that." He developed a complex. That's that red mark. And then in that the next month, the next month when he was when he said, "God, you owe me an understanding when that young mother died." And God said, "He let him pout it out for a few days. I ain't going to talk to you. You're not going to feel my spirit for a few days because you said I owe you something." He said, "I owe you nothing." God owes us nothing. Hallelujah. The Ram said he was left alone, sitting alone by God. But at the end of 1963, he was hunting in October and the snowstorm came in and the Lord said, "Just speak to the storm and it'll cease." And all those brothers witnessed the storm was coming in and the storm left. Thus sayeth the Lord. That was the four the that was the fourth operation of the third pole. And then Ma's miracle was the fifth and final operation. She had that tumor on her right side. Sister Betty Collins was there in the office with her. I preached on Betty Collins one time. beautiful testimony. I don't know if she's still alive today, but Betty Collins saw sister Ma on the table with a tumor and as the doctor reached out, brother Ram said or sister uh the sister said uh she lost track of it and when he went to touch the tumor, it had vanished within just a split second. It's because brother Ram was told whatever you speak that's what will happen. And Jesus said if you say to the mountain it will move. Hallelujah. I almost lost it that time. Oh my. Hallelujah. Whatever you say, that's the way it'll be. That's the fifth time the third pole operated. Five is grace. I need to count how many times we've spoken to things. I know Jose did it with with his uh family there by God's grace. And then in February 1965, we got thus sayith the Lord on marriage and divorce. Hallelujah. Brother Anne was healed in November of 65 of that stomach condition that came every seven years. So 1 2 3 4 5 6 must have erupted there. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 must erupted there. Every seven years a stomach issue came back on him and he got healed right there at the end of his life in the sermon invisible union. Hallelujah. Ah I I I don't I can't get to that. All right. All right. What happened to all the dots? What What would the Bible say? What would What would Jesus say about brother Brandham? He staggered not. He was pardoned for all his sins. Hallelujah. If God did that for Abraham, God has to do that for each one of us. Hallelujah. Now, each one of us, you can divide up all your sins. Boy, I had a rough couple years there in a row. Now, this is probably generous. The church say I thought about brother Jose. If I had more time, I'd just red dots all across. Not really. I'm because we're talking about major sins, right? But just the idea of it, we have all these failures it seems like. But if God was faithful to Abraham, if we can see God using brother Brandham, then what's God going to do for us? God's going to say the same thing. You and I stagger not at the promise of God. We are pardoned of our sins. Hallelujah. The Bible says in the body of his flesh, I think I showed this to Claude or Patrick a couple weeks ago. In the body of his flesh through death to present you, how did Jesus present you holy and unblameable, free from faultiness. So, you're presented like that before Jesus. All those decades of service, I've been only church. I've only been pastoring these two right here. This is I've only been pastoring and I hope I've just got a few red dots in I hope by God's grace. Hallelujah. But Abraham had all this lifetime and God was able to wipe it off and say he never staggered. He never departed but he was strong in faith. He kept giving God glory. Hallelujah. That's what we need to do. Hallelujah. Give God the glory. God. Jesus makes us free from fault and unreprovable, which means no accusers. Satan won't be there, brother Chris, to accuse us. He won't be there. Hallelujah. That's right. He's not going to be there. There'll be no demons there. Glory. They're already cast in the lake of fire. There'll be no accusers. Jesus made you holy. Jesus made you free from faultiness. Jesus uh takes away your accusers. And that's in his sight. You're clean and forgiven in his sight. And church, what has he done? He's forgiven you all your trespasses. Let me go back to that quote. Let's stand. I'm going to finish with that quote. I didn't get to it. Maybe I'll do it on Wednesday. Musician's going to come. Brother tells a story in Toledo, Ohio. It's a beautiful story. In his heart, Brother Ram starts condemning this woman who's got purple hair. I was just like your mom, brother Hus. My goodness. And she's in Toledo, Ohio. That's near my hometown. Brother Bam walks in this dunkered restaurant and he sees this old woman and she's got sexy clothes on. And brother said, "I can see the flab on her arm. She's all wrinkly and old, smoking a cigarette, drinking alcohol with a police officer. There's people gambling in this restaurant." And brother sits down and he says these words. He said, 'Oh God, how could you let my children live among such a dirty stuff as this? Now, you don't have to say amen. Don't say amen. But I wonder if you've ever thought that. I think about it when I go through Target. I'm like, why do we have to have this pride stuff in here now? Thank God they finally moved it to the back. Would you ever thought that, God, why do we have all this awful stuff here? Why do why? And people even I was emailing people this week overseas. They're like, "We're not going to have children because of all the awful stuff." I said, "That that's a that's nonsense. If God sends them, you receive them. You got the Holy Ghost. What do you got to be afraid of?" This woman said, "Should I have a child? I don't know if I should have a child. The rapture is so near." I said, "My wife's nine months pregnant." She said, "Glory to God. I'm going to have a child then." See, we we walk by faith. If God sends a child, he's going to take care of a child. It's his heritage. It's his uh it's his bow. I'm sorry. It's his arrow in the bow of the parents. Hallelujah. Brother Ram said he was going to the bathroom. Took a little break and the Holy Ghost convicted him and said, "Why are you condemning this woman with the purple hair?" And the the voice said, "Uh the voice said, "Let me show you what your sin is like." Brother Ram said, "There was the world and Jesus was up here in heaven." And brother Ram said his sins were going up from earth to Jesus. But all of a sudden he saw this red uh this red bloodline, this this red kind of capsule around the earth. And every time brother's sins went up, it got extinguished into that red blood. So brother's sins didn't make it to Jesus. Amen. And the church said, "Hallelujah." And then this is what the Lord told him. And then I seen I crawled up to him and I see my old book laying there like a sinner book. In other words, there's in heaven there's a list of all the deeds you do. The Bible says all the deeds good or bad. There's a book about you. And brother crawls up to Jesus. He said, "I I seen my sins what I was doing." I said, "Lord, will you forgive me?" He took his hand, got some blood out, and wrote across the top of it, "Pardon." That's why I put pardon on those slides. It notice it wiped across. That's what Jesus did to brother Ram. He took his own blood, put it in his side that he was pierced. He wiped it across and said, "I pardon this." And then he throwed it in back in the sea of forgetfulness. Imagine God's throw. Our throw. Mine. Mine might go 15 feet. Jesus throws your book. Off into the sea. And he said, "Remember it no more. It was gone forever." And the church said, "All your sins, all your book of all the records of all your sins." Jesus wrote, "Pardon. I forgive it. I'm sending it away. You'll never find it. And he said, I forgive you, but you're condemning her. That changed my idea. I said, Lord have mercy. Brother Bam went back to her seat and said, I'm sorry. I'm just paraphrasing. I'm con I was condemning you and then God showed me how sinful I am. Brother said, where did this start happening? She said, I used to be a Sunday school teacher. I got invol involved with the wrong man. And brother Bam, to make a long story short, said, "Are you ready to repent?" And he said, "They got right down there in the Toledo restaurant." And he said, "We had a prayer meeting right there and she repented and gave her life to God. Took away all the stuff. She became a real believer by the grace of God." Amen. When we stopped condemning people. Hallelujah. And remember, what did it take to forgive us? It took the blood of Jesus Christ to forgive us. Amen. Hallelujah. How many love Jesus today? That's what our book is going to say. Church is going to say pardoned. And then God, God's word is going to say, God's decree over our lives is going to say she never staggered at the promise of God. She was strong in faith, giving God glory. Let's pray. And if you have sins, repent of them. Let's repent of them. And after that, let's give God glory because that's what believers do. They give God glory. They don't stagger at the promise of God. Heavenly Father, we thank you for today, Lord God. Thank you for the people receiving your word, Lord. I've been a little long and windy, but that's kind of normal. But Lord, I trust your people, Lord Jesus, receive your word. Thank you, Lord, for that message on Wednesday. What an encouragement that was, Lord. And I trust this would build on top of that, that the people's faith would be built, Lord. We desire to see one another overcome. Hallelujah. And we know you're looking at what we're trying to do. I'm trying, Lord, to preach your word. And Lord, each one of us are trying to receive it and do our best to glorify your holy name. Lord Jesus, we thank you for today, Lord. May each person confess any sin, Lord God. And may we be more determined to walk towards salvation, to walk towards the rapture, Lord Jesus, like Abraham walked. Help us to walk in the steps of faithful Abraham. And Lord, then it'll be surely said that we staggered not at the promise of God, but were strong in faith, giving God glory. We thank you for today, Lord God. We ask these blessings, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. And we ask that each person will be right with you.
