################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-02 - (11-2-25) Book of Corinthians, Part 22 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-02
Title:   (11-2-25) Book of Corinthians, Part 22 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_menDBfQ9Xw
========================================

12, 13, and 14. By God's grace, I took about a fivemon break from this series. So, I studied yesterday and I just felt some good uncction from the Holy Spirit, some good thoughts, and so I trust it'll be a blessing to you today. As we read that quote on Wednesday, Brother Brandham said, "The Holy Ghost can only feed on the word of God." This is the time to feed your soul on the word of God. You've got to say, "Amen." You've got to say, "Thank you, Lord." You got to say, "I receive it." You've got to receive the word of God today. So, let's let's ask God to do that here as we uh read our text by God's grace. This is the scripture I like to read. Now, I'll read uh 12 and 13. Then we can all read uh 14 by God's grace. For as the body is one and hath many members, and all the members of that one body, being many are one body, so also is Christ. For by one spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free, and have all been made to drink into one spirit. Let's read verse 14. Ready? One, two, three. For the body is not one member, but many. May God add his blessing to the ring of his word. You can be seated. I have some quotes to show, Caseia, so you can switch over there. uh by God's grace. Hallelujah. So, we'll get back to this series. I took about, like I said, five months off. I want to get back to this here and try to finish this up. I listened to u brother Brandon preaching 57 yesterday. The uh uh the book of Corinthians. What a beautiful That was a little Sunday school Bible study there. So, if you got an extra hour and a half, you need to listen to that one. It's a beautiful uh text there. He kept he kept saying the word deep. This is so deep. This is so deep. So, uh maybe next time we'll preach on that. But this is a deep message uh deep in the scripture by God's grace. So, we read our text and I'll just quickly review, you know, working our way through the book. We've uh made it up to chapter 12. So, we're on the seventh section here, spiritual gifts and charity, how they all work together. We've looked at how believers stand in grace. And la last Sunday, we saw how the woman caught in adultery. Where did she stand, church? She stood in grace. Right? And Jesus said, "Neither do I condemn you. Go and sin no more." Yet she was just fresh in the act of it. But yet a repentant heart, God will always receive that. And then God kept that woman there. Even though she was uh just caught in the very act, God let her get into the grace of God. That's where she stood upon the grace of God. And then it's our responsibility to go and sin no more. Hallelujah. So you're fighting the good fight of faith. You're on the battlefield for the Lord. How many fighting sin this week by God's grace? Hallelujah. And you got to fight it today. You have to fight it tomorrow. Amen. Uh but that's what we are. We're soldiers in the army of the Lord. Hallelujah. That's what we're called to do. Then we looked at chapter 1 and through four about the carnal divided condition in the Corinthian church. Brother Ram uses these words. He said, "Brother Jose, they're always in trouble." He said, "This church was always in trouble. I don't want to be that kind of a church that always has trouble. I want to have peace. I want to have supernatural. I want to have testimonies. I want to have love. That's the kind of church I want to have." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I don't want constant trouble fussing with that one. and arguing with that one, debating with that one, and struggling with that one, and someone deep in sin there. Let's have a church where the Holy Ghost can keep us all in one accord. Hallelujah. Now, we know every church must go through divisions and go through trials. And we go through those the best we can by the grace of God. Hallelujah. And we ask God for a new season. We ask God for new grace. Hallelujah. To keep going, to press, keep pressing on by the grace of God. And then Paul dealt with their sexual immorality. It was so wicked even heathens didn't do type of these type of things where a man would sleep with his stepmother. Paul said it was so wicked and he said the only way to get the church clean is to get that person out of the church. If they won't repent, get them out of the church so you can have a a new lump. The Bible says an unleavened church. Hallelujah. So sexual sin is of the utmost importance to get out of the church. Hallelujah. And then Paul, you know, dealt with that. If there's sexual sin, he said, "Let's let's let me explain this is how we do it the right way." So he dealt with the sanctity of the body and marriage. And then he dealt with Christian liberties and their warning especially about how much you interact with other people, you know, as you interact out in the world. And in their day, you know, they would have heathens. These heathens would make animal sacrifices in the temples of their gods. And then they would just have a feast like a party. And so the Christians would be in just invited to the party, but the food was at this pagan temple where they had sexual acts before and they had all this wickedness. And it'd be like somebody inviting you, let's go out to the bar, you know, let's go have a meal or let's go out to a sports bar or something like that. And in most cases, it's wise not to go, right? It's mo wise in most cases not to go. I'm not I'm saying not all because if Jesus went into some of those gatherings and Jesus changed hearts and lives. &gt;&gt; But if you don't have that anointing, if you don't have that, for sure it's best to stay away. &gt;&gt; And that's what Paul tells us. Paul said, "I would rather I'd rather not eat meat or drink wine or do anything as long as the world stands that I don't cause one Christian to stumble." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's how much we should care about one another, what they think about the word and what they think about a real Christian is. And if someone lets us know that we're causing them to struggle, you know, let let's do our best to to avoid those things, especially related to eating and alcohol because that's what the Bible tells us. Hallelujah. And then we looked at the headship of the church, you know, uh, how it relates with hair and so forth. And the hair is a sign. A woman's long uncut hair is a symbol. She's under the full obedience and authority to her husband. That's what the long hair represents. It's not just, it just wasn't for the Corinthian church. It was for the entire body of Christ. Like I challenged a young brother this week. I said, "Show me where any godly woman ever cut her hair in the Bible." You won't find it. Hallelujah. She never did because she was under the full obedience to her husband, which is he's under full obedience to Christ. Hallelujah. That's a beautiful type of Christ in the church. And the the hair is a symbol of the word. So if a woman cuts her hair, she's like, "Well, I don't need Revelation or I don't need Genesis or I don't need uh the Gospels." That's what it represents when a woman cuts her hair because we're all we're all the bride of Christ and we're under all the authority and headship of God's word. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; We looked at the Lord's supper, how there's a temporary curse if people don't discern each other, right? Even good, good, godly Christians can come under a temporary curse. The Bible said they get weak, sickly, and die among us if people don't rightly discern the body of Christ. And then we last, we looked at the spiritual gifts. We went through the last uh nine gifts of or the the nine gifts of the Holy Spirit by God's grace. And that's where we'll pick up today. Now remember, this church was always in trouble. They always had somebody divided against each other. They had sexual immorality. They were suing each other. They were getting drunk uh at the Lord's supper and they wouldn't let the poor people eat their food while they were waiting for uh communion to partake of the Lord's supper. Sorry, I got a little thing on my glasses. Uh and then they were out of order with spiritual gifts. They might have eight or nine tongues and interpretation. We'd say Paul says, "Bring it down to three." He said, "Let's just focus on three." Three is a lot for three is a lot. Three. Three things is a lot of things to remember for any person, right? Three things. So Paul says, "Let's let it be three interpretations at the most in a church service." And if you don't have interpretation, just uh speak in tongues at home, Paul says. Okay. Now, we'll get to later. They lack generosity. You know, as much, think about this. As much money as they had and uh you know, Corinth was a great port city where they had a lot of trade and it was a wealthy place, huge church. Uh the second book tells us they had lots of guest preachers in a lot of Paul calls them false apostles. They had a lot of guest preachers in. Yet with all that they were the richest but they were the stingiest as well. &gt;&gt; That's a lesson for us not to be stingy, &gt;&gt; right? Because we live in the most prosperous nation there ever was. &gt;&gt; United States of America of course because of Christian principles uh in our constitution and everything. But they we'll see that they were not very generous people. So among us, if you see somebody who doesn't have food or see somebody who needs a new code or see somebody who doesn't have gas money, you should try to reach out and help them out by the grace of God. &gt;&gt; Remember when I first come in the message, I was a college student and I had plenty of money. But these brothers from Sheffield, they would do the $20 handshakes to me, okay? You know, I I drove an hour and a half up there and I'd be like, "Hey, brother Bill, Brother Richard, God bless you." I shake them. I shake their hands. Soon as I pull away my hand, I felt something paper in my hand. I'm like, "What is that?" There's a $20 bill. I'm like, "Brother?" He's like, "No, they push me back." So that's one time you can use physical force with somebody. [laughter] I'm just joking. Push him away. No, brother Jesse, you know, you're giving up your time. You're driving an hour and a half. We want to support your gas money. I said, "Well, thank you, sir." And look how God's blessed them. Their church is growing and beautiful church. And uh most importantly, the main spiritual or the main growth we want is spiritual growth. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. But they've been so faithful to the Lord all these years. Some of the finest Christians, Brother Vang, we've ever met, right? Is the Saints in Sheffield, Ohio. such wonderful Christians. My you hardly could be around sweeter Christians. But they were always so generous like that as well. You know, they threw a party for my wife uh when she when we got married. What do they call it? A what do you call it? Kind of a party for a bridal shower. There it is. I knew a bachelor party. That's for the bachelor. Tool party is what the what we should call it, right? For the Holy Spirit. Now, the last time we preached part 21, we looked at the nine gifts of the Holy Spirit. Now, today we're going to look at this thought because that's how this is Paul's thought when he finishes chapter 12. I want to try to finish chapter 12 if I can today. [snorts] Which gifts seem to get the most honor among us and other message believers? Well, probably prophecy, tongues, and interpretation because they're just out in front of everybody. And it's so supernatural, right? Which it ought to be. That's the way God ordained it. But Paul gives us a good lesson. Just because we honor those uh doesn't mean they should get the most honor. And Paul says God is going to honor the other ones. Hallelujah. So, we need all the gifts. We appreciate all the gifts. Um, and like I was telling a brother, you know, it's been years since we had tongues interpretation, but uh that's all up to God because I can't you and I can't add one cubit to our stature. We're trying to pray more before service. That should help. In fact, that that was the advice brother gave to people who spoke in tongues. Come an hour, he said, or 45 minutes before church and pray. Try to get in the spirit. And then he said, get a message, right? And then hand it to the pastor. If it's a thus sayith the Lord, hand it to the pastor. Now, we've never had that here where it came before the sermon. Right. The one time we did have interpretation was back in 2010 over at the Waterlue and that came at the end of the service and I think Vang was there if I'm not mistaken. I wasn't. I was preaching in Columbus, Ohio. But after that went forth, I heard the recording and I went asked and three people said that applied to them. So that seemed to be from the Lord. So we just take what God gives us. But we we ourselves we can do a better job of course and I mean this all of us we can all do a better job of praying for more of the gifts to operate &gt;&gt; because we need constant reminders. The Bible we're going to see it. The Bible says covet them. Covet means to desire to want something of that somebody else has. So we're supposed to covet spiritual things. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So we can pray for that at the end of service as well. And it wasn't just what a year ago. Remember I had all of you come up here on a Wednesday night and this I says does anybody have a word from anybody have a gift operating? remember that? You know, we did that a couple times on a Wednesday night. Does anybody have anything? And one time Beatatric said I had a word or she had a song on her heart and she shared to us and I enjoyed that. So, you know, you just try to u create an atmosphere where God's spirit can move and God's people can be led of the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Now, notice here's where it strikes, you know, for us brothers. We got to recognize sometimes a woman can add a word of wisdom for us and that doesn't mean she's got a Jezebel spirit, &gt;&gt; right? Or a woman could have a word of knowledge. That doesn't mean she's trying to preach at us. Right, brothers? &gt;&gt; If you're married, you understand that. And you say, "Thank God I have a thank God for my correction." Like brother Brandham said, "My wife is my correction." Brother Brandham said, "So is my wife my correction." Right? So my wife often gives these to me. Uh now faith is the assurance. A sister can have that a word of faith. I believe this is going to happen. Healing, healing can come in many different forms. Miracles can come in different forms. Uh then prophecy for us is normally going to come through a dream for us, but it could be something where you you tell me, "Brother Jesse, I know this is going to happen in the future." Well, that could either be faith or prophecy depending on how it's worded and how it comes across. And then discerning of spirits, that's judging. Is this spirit of God or is this spirit of Satan? That's the discernment for that. That's so important. Hallelujah. Especially in this day when deception is the worst it's ever been. This is the most deceptive time it's ever been. But thank God we have the most revelation we've ever had. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's by the Bible. The seals are open. Praise God. So we have the greatest revelation that the church has ever had. That doesn't make us greater. We're not greater. It just makes us more responsible &gt;&gt; and more able to fight the battles that God has allowed today. And then of course, tongues interpretation. So uh so let's hear now. I'm going to try to finish chapter 12. By God's grace, may God help us. Hallelujah. For as the body is one and hath many members, and all the members of that one body being many are one body, so also is Christ. So Christ is one body with many members. And remember, Brother Ram has that that famous quote. Brother Ram said, I don't care if I'm just the skin on the feet of the body of Christ as long as I'm in the body of Christ. And if I'm the skin on the feet, I'm still I still have every demon under my feet. Amen. I like that. Hallelujah. What wisdom? Amen. &gt;&gt; But you know, we all want to be the tongue or the vocal cords, right? We all want to speak for God with thus sayith the Lord and I've GOT THE WORD OF GOD. We all want to do that, but we're not all that. &gt;&gt; God has that. Thank God for that. But God also has the rest of your body. And church, what would you be if you were just a head with no tongue? You'd be dead, right? I'm sorry, just a t just ahead with a tongue, right? If you were just a tongue, if you just spoke for God all the time, whether it was uh prophecy or preaching or whatever it may be, or whatever, uh word of wisdom, word of knowledge, uh tongue interpretation, whatever it be, without the rest of the body, there's no one to receive it. Right? So, we want to remember Christ is a body with many members. And I believe his his body has seven parts to it. Amen. With Ephesus, Samrna, Pergamos, Thyira, hallelujah, Philadelphia, Sardis, and Leodysia. Amen. He He's built up of a of a bride from seven church ages. Hallelujah. Verse 13, for by one spirit we're all baptized into one body. It's hard to overemphasize how important this verse is right here. Verse 13. Brother Ram uses it over and over again, as we'll see, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free, and have been all made to drink into one spirit. So, when you're born again, you are baptized or you are immersed into the body of Christ. So think about you know consuming something that's like you when you're when you're baptized in a body you you now become a part of Christ's body right you are part of him and glory he's a part of you hallelujah so in in your body he's a part of you but in the spiritual realm you are a part of him and it's as if you uh you know he he drank you in down into his life hallelujah and you're a part of the body of Christ you're one with Christ in the soul hallelujah for the body is Not one member but many. So as we would tell our tape worshiping friends, brother Ram's not the full body of Christ. There's many members, &gt;&gt; right? To the people who worship the tapes, which we don't. We thank God for the tapes. I listened to the tapes yesterday. Beautiful, wonderful, inspiring. Hallelujah. But the tape is not Jesus. Hallelujah. Jesus is the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. By one spirit, we're all baptized not to the tape. We're baptized into the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. great distinction that has to be made. And so this is you know verse 13 is one of the major uh quotes in the token message which brother Ram said outside of my commission the seven seals in the church ages outside of that this is one of the highlight sermons of my entire ministry. See so his commission was the highlight but then outside of that he said the token message which is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Not just justified, not just sanctified, but baptized with the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; He says, "Be sure the token is showing." And the token is the Holy Spirit. So this is his last verse before the prayer. Now I'm sure he used Bible verses in the prayer, but his last verse before he finished and said, "Let's close in prayer." He says, "And the token is the Holy Spirit. For by one spirit we're all baptized into one body, made partakers of his glory on our land, our home. March now to the promised land." So the Holy Ghost is the promised land, right? We leave Egypt, we go through the wilderness, we reach the promised land. The promised land is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The promised land is the token. Do you love him? Do you believe the token? How many would like to say, "Oh, brother Brand, pray for me that I will come under this token." I'd like to say that. Amen. Oh Jesus, let me come under this token. I believe I am, but if I'm not, let me get there by God's grace. Hallelujah. He says, "My friends, now getting back, this is a beautiful message as well. One of just a phenomenal some phenomenal thought God's chosen place of worship. In the Old Testament, God told Solomon, I'm going to put my name in that house. And so, Brother Ram uses that type. Where is God's house today? And where is the name of God today? Brother Ram said, I don't, he said, I don't want to hurt feelings, but I'm responsible for the message. The message is come out of this mess. And if I ask you to come out, where am I going to take you? Would I take you to Bram Tabernacle? No, is the answer. It's as much fault as any of the rest of them. But there's one place I can take you to where you're safe and protected from death. That's in Jesus Christ. God's place of worship. &gt;&gt; So the Holy Ghost today is God's place of worship. Now look at that church. He promised he'll meet every person that comes in there. Oh my, what a promise. Let's get the Holy Ghost so then Christ can meet with us. &gt;&gt; It's not in the church. It's not physically in this church. It's not in any tabernacle. It's in the Holy Ghost. It's in Jesus Christ. But God in Christ, he is God's tabernacle. He's the place that God came into himself and dwelt in him. This is my beloved son in whom I am well pleased to dwell in. There is where God's tabernacled brought his name and placed it upon Jesus Christ. Therefore, his name was put in a man, his son Jesus Christ, in which he tabernacled himself in that tabernacle. So God came in the body of Jesus Christ. So that's where we all GOT TO COME. WE'VE ALL got to come into Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Now we want to find how we get into him. Boy, I'd really like to be in him, brother Jesse. I'd really like to be in God's provided place of worship. How do we get in this place of worship? 1 Corinthians 12 settles it. Aren't you glad, church? This chapter settles it. Hallelujah. This verse 12:13 settles how we get into him. How do we get into Christ? Is it through that church or is it through the tapes? Or where is it through? Is it through fasting and praying? What is it through? It's through being born again, baptized with the Holy Ghost &gt;&gt; by one spirit, not by one church, not by one creed, not by one pastor, not by one bishop, not by one priest. See, some people say, "Well, you got to have you got to come to my church to be born again." Nonsense. You got to have this pastor pray for you, that evangelist or that apostle. You got to have them pray for you. Nonsense. It's by one spirit we're all baptized into one body. &gt;&gt; And I'm thank God over the years people have come back and said, "Brother Jesse, thank you for praying for me. I got the Holy Ghost when you prayed for me and I'm still serving God and I'm on fire." That's that brother from Iowa always tells me that God bless that brother. Amen. And I'm thankful for those things. But it wasn't because of me. It was because the Holy Ghost. EVERYBODY GOT ONE ACCORD. And then the Holy Ghost can flow right through the church. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; If we can just get out of the wilderness. Amen. If we can just get out of the wilderness and get to the Jordan, then we can get the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Amen. If people can get out of the wandering in the wilderness and get someplace with God. Amen. I'll say like this. And get to the place where God wants their life to go so they can serve God and they can have a territory and they can have a position and they can have a calling and they can DO SOMETHING FOR GOD. HALLELUJAH. By one Holy Spirit, we're all baptized into one body, which is the body of Jesus Christ and subject to every gift that lays in the body. So that's why I'm thankful, you know, with that list of nine, I can see numerous where people have told me, God's used me in those gifts. But those gifts don't save me. Love saves me. &gt;&gt; The love of God saves us. HALLELUJAH. THE BLOOD OF JESUS CHRIST SAVED US. I'M NOT SAVED by the gifts, but when I get saved, then God uses me with his gifts. No joining, no reciting of creeds, no pumping up. Oh, brother, just let me pump you up so you can get born again. No letting down. Oh, brother, just calm down. You get born again. No handshaking, nothing else. By birth, we're baptized into the body of Christ. Amen. By one spirit, we're all baptized into one body. Is this Is this verse important or not, church? &gt;&gt; It's the token. It's God's provided place of worship. It's how you get into Christ. It's how you get into the rapture. Praise God. I'm going to share this because Simon shared this with me. Uh Simon was witnessing to a guy this week about baptism. He shared my video with him. And this is kind of not related, but it's just fresh to me. And at the beginning of my baptism video, I put there's 10 baptisms recorded in the Bible in the book of Acts. Five of them have the name used of God. And Simon said, "Did you catch that revelation, Brother Jesse?" I'm like, "Yeah, I just did." There's 10 virgins. Amen. Five of THEM HAVE THE OIL. FIVE OF THEM ARE BAPTIZED IN THE LITERAL NAME OF JESUS CHRIST. HALLELUJAH. NOT TITLES. I said, "Thank you, Lord." Amen. I got another video to make now by God's grace. Do you appreciate that revelation? &gt;&gt; It ties in with the revelation God gave to Simon where when Saul turned against David, he's no longer used the name David. Now he calls him son of Jesse. He used titles. &gt;&gt; It tied perfectly with that. Well, see, God's in numbers, too. Amen. And what is that body? In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. The word was made flesh and dwelt among us. How can we be in that body and deny one word of it or place it off somewhere else that it's not even in the body like the the the tape worship. They do away with Hebrew Hebrews 10. They don't they haven't gathered in church for five years because they said they're getting training for the rapture. I'm sorry. You'll never find that in the Bible. So, they disagree with Hebrews 10. I don't know why I'm preaching on that so hard today, but maybe it's just freshly on my mind. But they they they take that out. They disagree with Hebrews 10 for this day. God put it in there. God never put it out. &gt;&gt; So, how can you be born again and take out what God has placed in there? You can't be. Hallelujah. [clears throat] That's right. &gt;&gt; How can you place off somewhere it's not even in the body? How can we ever do it? God's got a chosen place. &gt;&gt; Notice when you're truly baptized in him, the true evidence is that you believe him, the word. you believe the word. How can you be a part of him and then deny him? Oh, I love that. Amen. How can I my hand be in my hand? If I do, there's something mentally wrong with me. There's a lot of mentally wrong things wrong with people around the message and denominations, right? How can I? If there's something mentally wrong with me, deny that's my hand. Deny that's my foot. There's something spiritually wrong with a believer that denies any word that God ever said and promised. Hallelujah. There's something spiritually wrong with that so-called believer. You can't deny one letter of him because you become a part of the same. You're part of him because you're baptized in him by the Holy Spirit has brought you into the body of Christ. What a beautiful thing. Oh, it's so beautiful. IF YOU'RE A REAL CHRISTIAN, YOU BELIEVE EVERYTHING IN HERE. HALLELUJAH. AND YOU WON'T LET THE ANTICHRIST SPIRIT DECEIVE YOU AWAY FROM ANY WORD in this Bible. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You believe all OF IT. IF YOU'VE GOT THE HOLY GHOST, THE HOLY GHOST WILL GUIDE YOU INTO ALL TRUTH. HE'LL SAY, "THIS is the way. This is the wrong way. Go this way. That's the wrong way. STAY RIGHT HERE. THE HOLY GHOST WILL GUIDE YOU EVERY DAY OF YOUR LIFE, EVERY YEAR OF YOUR LIFE." HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; If you're really born again, hallelujah. If you're not, you'll be led off astray. And every wind of doctrine will blow you from that side to that side to that church to that revival to that or SOMETHING LIKE THAT. LET'S HAVE THE HOLY GHOST BRIDES REVIVAL. AMEN. THE SAME HOLY Ghost that WAS THERE IN ACTS CHAPTER 2. PRAISE GOD. &gt;&gt; OH, it's beautiful. So, in my studyings, you know, I've been wanting to I want to review the evidence of the Holy Ghost. Brother Dale brought it up, which I was so thankful for a couple weeks ago. I've been wanting to get to this, so I want to bring it up again. Let's look at the evidence of the baptism of the Holy Ghost in 1953. These are exact quotes, so if I'm wrong, you just you tell me. I'll fix it. In 1953, brother Bam said, "The evidence is the Holy Ghost is the love of God." In 1954, he said, "A person that's always so hungering and thirsting for God." So, see, church, that's why if if people, and I say this, you know, to remind us, service after service, if people aren't getting hungry, they don't enjoy the word of God, something's wrong with them. As a Christian, you should hunger for the word of God. I can't wait to hear the word of God. I can't wait to sing a special. I can't wait to go up and pray. You should have a hunger if you're truly born again. IT'S AN EVIDENCE THAT YOU GOT THE HOLY GHOST. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; AMEN. Is that right? Hallelujah. And 57. The evidence of the Holy Ghost is the fruit of the spirit. You have to have love and joy and peace and gentleness and longsuffering. All these attributes of the Holy Ghost. If you have the Holy Ghost, you'll see them in your life. In 1964, brother said the evidence is they sighed and cried day and night for the abominations. If you haven't cried over someone's sin lately, it's time to cry over it. He said in the same year, one day the Lord straightened me out and said it's the evidence is those who could receive the word. And then in 65 he said the evidence is you believe him the word. Then the church age book he says the evidence is you're in the word all the way. So it's very simple church. What is the evidence of the Holy Ghost? It is love. It's hunger and thirsting for God. It's fruits of the spirit. It's sigh and cry for abominations. It's receiving the words. It's believing all the word. It's being in in the word all the way. A Christian lives ALL THE WORD OR EVERYTHING IN THE BIBLE THAT PERTAINS TO THE BRIDE, THE CHRISTIAN does it. &gt;&gt; That's the revelation. Now, but there are people that will go back, preachers that go back and say, "Oh, the love is not the evidence. Uh hungry and thirsting isn't uh the the the fruit of the spirit is not the evidence." But they all are because they're all part of the word of God. &gt;&gt; See, that's why they can be really mean to people, mistreat, name call people, and then still say, "Well, I've got the Holy Ghost." Because they don't think the fruit of the Holy Spirit is the evidence anymore. Right? Or they'll say, "I don't have to pray and fast anymore. I don't have to cry and and sign and cry because that's not the evidence." But see, church, the real believer should want to fulfill all the word of God. Now, in the church age book, Brother Ram lays out these verses. And this is how he lays it out. The word always comes to the truly spiritfilled. I'm picking up right there. That's the evidence of being filled with the Holy Ghost. Like the word came to John, right? The word came to all the prophets. That's the evidence of being filled with the Holy Ghost. That is what Jesus said would be the evidence. He said, "And I'll pray the Father and will send you another comforter that he may abide with you forever, even the Spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive." Now we know what truth is. Thy word is true. So John 17:17. Next, brother Ram says again, so on the same thought, why do you not understand my speech even because you cannot hear my word? The word. It's receiving all the word of God. Did you notice that Jesus said the world could not receive the Holy Ghost? Well, in the verse I just read, neither could they receive the word because why? The spirit and the word are one. If you have the Holy Spirit as the prophets, the word would come to you. You would receive it. Oh my. Amen. Anyone who has THE HOLY GHOST, CHURCH, you don't got to worry about it. THE WORD WILL COME TO YOU. PRAISE GOD. &gt;&gt; In other words, God will chase his elect children down. GOD WILL LEAVE THE 99 TO GO GET THE ONE WHO he knows wants the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And I love this one. I use this many times. No, that's not the one. the next one. But notice brother M used this many times. The comforter which is the Holy Ghost whom the father will send in my name. He shall teach you all things. This is why teaching receiving teaching from the message in the Bible is so important. If you can't be taught something more in the word of God, you don't have the Holy Ghost. If you just stay on the same thing and you never grow in any understanding like let's say on the statute of perfect man or the baptism of the Holy Ghost or the mystery of godliness or the mystery of uh uh the mother harlot or the mystery of the rapture. If you never grow into any areas, it's it's time to look and see, am I really born again? Am I growing in revelation or not? Because Jesus said the Holy Ghost will teach you all things and it'll bring all things to remembrance. That's right. Oh, thank God I forgot about that verse. That's right. It will bring it to my remembrance whatsoever I've said unto you. Here again, we find the word coming because of the spirit of God. I had an extra word there. I forgot to delete. This is the one I use all the time. I just use it with brother Brendan. How be it when he he the spirit of truth, the word has come. He will guide you into all truth. Thy word is truth. And he shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear the word of God, that shall he speak word, and he will show you things to come. spirit bringing the word of prophecy. Hallelujah. So this is what I told our brother, you know, our brother Brennan came to our house and had a wonderful time. This is what I told him at the beginning. I said, "Brother, you know, he was asking me about Cath Catholic doctrine and I shared him, you know, my general belief that the mother harlot is the Roman Catholic Church." This kind of sobered him up a little bit. But I I said, "Brother, I said, but you know, he we we agreed. He agreed with me that Jesus is the son of God. He died on the cross. He resurrected, right? God sent the Holy Ghost. We agreed on all these things. But I said, "Brother, on the things we differ, this is a test. And God wants to see, are you going to go further on with the Lord? Are you going to let God guide you, I'll say, out of this wilderness into the promised land, the baptism of the Holy Ghost?" Now, think about people that stay in denominations or in this message, and fail to go on to the Holy Ghost. They've just stopped there in the wilderness and they're just walking around in circles year after year. They never they never feel like they move on or accomplish anything for the kingdom of God. God, help us to move on and do something. Praise God. Move on and do something for the glory of God. Find what God's commissioned you to do. What has God called you to do? Find that. Stay with it. &gt;&gt; Find what God has given you a a charisma to do. Charisma is grace. What grace has God given you? What are you especially good at under when you're under the Holy Ghost anointing? That's what you should dedicate the majority of your life to. Think about that. Now, first thing we just first thing is everybody's life, we just in everyone's life, you need to get under the Holy Ghost first and then see what God can do with you. You do that by repenting, seeking God, keeping out the things of the world and just con being consecrated to Jesus Christ. So you so you you could say, "I'm under the anointing right now." Like I believe I'm under the anointing right now. I believe that by God's grace. But everybody first has to get under that anointing. When you get under that anointing, then God will start using you in ways you don't really know about. And God will show you the gift in your life. How God wants to use you. Oh, did I read I didn't finish that. Yeah. I Let's Let's finish that. I want you to know very carefully that Jesus did not say that the evidence of being baptized with the Holy Ghost was speaking in tongues, interpreting, prophesying, or shouting or dancing. Those are all good things. I like all those. We like all those. He said the evidence would be that you would be in the truth. You would be in the word of God for your age. Evidence has to do with receiving that word. So that was a brief review on the evidence of the Holy Ghost. How many appreciated that by God's grace is it's not that we throw these quotes out and that quote if it's a scriptural quote we keep it. Now there are quotes you know where brother man made mistakes. He said I make mistakes all the time on the tapes. He said I make mixups. He said but when you got those he said look in the Bible. But all these quotes on the evidence of the Holy Ghost if you put them all together and you go back to the Bible that makes sense. A Holy Ghost fil Christian should do all these things. Hallelujah. Now, here's what I want to get to now for each person here today. If the foot shall say, "Because I'm not the hand, I'm not of the body." Is it therefore not of the body? So, just because somebody says, "Well, I'm not like brother so and so, I don't do I don't act like sister so and so. I'm not part of the body of Christ." Of course, we know what the answer is. No, right? Verse 16. And if the ear shall say, "Because I'm not the eye, I'm not the body." Is it therefore not of the body? Just because somebody's not like somebody else, does that prove that you're not a part of the body of Christ? The answer is no. God is a God of variety. How many times have we heard that quote from other Brandham? Right? God loves variety. If the whole body were an I, which I represents revelation, right? Seers, prophets, understanding. If everybody was a prophet, think about that. If everybody was like brother Ram, saying, "Thus say the Lord, thus say the Lord all the time, there'd be nobody to receive it. Because everybody would just be speaking all the time. Thus sayith the Lord. Thus sayith the Lord. Thus sayith the Lord. Thus sayith the Lord. Who? Everybody's just speaking. Nobody's hearing. If the hole were hearing, where were the smelling? I bet some of you if you ever had a carbon monoxide smell or if you ever had gas leak or something like that, I bet you're really thankful for the smell, the sense of smell, right? So you don't blow blow the apartment up or blow your house up, right? Thank God. And that's how it is in the body of Christ. Thank God for each and every gift. Thank God for everybody being baptized with the Holy Ghost who is baptized with the Holy Ghost. And thank God that they can do what God's called them to do. It's like one time Cam really helped me out when I was writing the Modesty book. I had uh I had something off on earrings. I think it was earrings. Yes. Because I hadn't really looked at the verses in a certain way. I was going to say in the book something like, "Well, maybe you could wear earrings like this or that." Clipons. I was going to say like clipons or something like that. And then Cam wrote me back and said, "Brother," I think it was discernment. He said, "Look at it from this angle. There was like 14 verses on earrings." He said, "The majority of them condemn earrings." And that really helped me out. I was like, "Oh yeah, now I can take it to that route, right?" And then and then at less earrings with believers in the Old Testament, we don't even know that they wore them in in some cases, right? We don't even know. but they could have been used just for trade or a gift maybe like a gold or silver and you could melt it down and something like that. So, it gave me such a better balance. I'm thankful that that my brother Cam has a gift of the Holy Spirit because it helped me out. Praise God before I put that book into publish before it went public. Hallelujah. Now, church, if you're honest, I hope somebody has helped you around here with something you might have got wrong. I I just want to be honest enough to admit it by God's grace. Brother man was honest enough to admit his mistakes on tape to the whole world. Like lying to the IRS, right? Like missing the brown bear vision. He said, "God did his part. Uh but brother disobeyed his part." And he he repented. He said, "God forgive me. These people looked at me as a prophet." He said, "God forgive me that I failed the vision." But then if you go go look at all the other prophets, almost every prophet failed some, thus sayith the Lord. Right? God told Abraham, he said, "Separate yourself." Abraham took his dad and Lot. He disobeyed thus sayith the Lord. Church, how many times do we disobey thus sayith the Lord? How many times do we disobey something in the Bible? So verse 15 and 16 show how some Christians isolate and pity themselves. This is the act of Satan. Satan anoints them. Well, I'm not like brother so and so. I'm not like sister so and so. Maybe I'm not a good message believer. Maybe I'm not. Maybe I maybe I I' I've had people email me this. They said, "Brother Jesse, maybe I'm serpent seed." I said, "Rebuke that demon. You wouldn't be emailing me if you were serpent seed trying to get right with God. That's the very proof you are a seed of God. But don't let don't let the devil isolate you." Well, I'm not like sister so and so, so I'm nobody. That's a lion devil. He needs cast down in Jesus name. Cast down anything that exalts itself against the word of God. Hallelujah. Well, I'm not a preacher. I'm not like Malachi. I'm not like Victoria and Lydia. I can't sing like so and so. You're still part of the body of Christ. And you are extremely important. The verse just proved it. If you caught it up here, the verse just proved it. Which of those body parts is the foundation that we forget about all the time? The foot. The foot is the lowliest part. We're all looking up. Look what I can do. Look at my face. Look at my smile. Look at my hair, my long hair. Look at me. I got short hair. We We dress up this all right here. But we we couldn't get this nowhere if it wasn't for the humble feet that we got. Is that right, church? So, we honor we dress up the face. We dress up maybe our hands or whatever more with a ring or necklace or something. We dress up our neck. But all these other parts that we think are less honorable, they're more important or just as important, we could say. So church, just don't just don't take the lie of the devil. Don't take his pity. Don't take his pity. Take take God's purpose for your life. &gt;&gt; Don't accept pity. Accept God's purpose. If you don't know it yet, just keep seeking God. God's got a plan. Amen. Moses had to wait 80 years until he was used by God. Hallelujah. Amen. ABRAHAM HAD TO WAIT 25 YEARS FOR ISAAC. YOU JUST KEEP WAITING ON GOD. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; Don't give up on God. &gt;&gt; And take some lie, some pity nonsense from hell. It come from the demons in hell. You're part of the body of Christ. THAT'S WHY YOU'RE HERE. YOU LOVE THE WORD. NOW, do you do you need to be more in love with the word? Yes, WE ALL DO. SO, LET'S ACT LIKE IT. HALLELUJAH. LET'S DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT TODAY OR TOMORROW WHERE WE CAN BE MORE IN LOVE with God's word. &gt;&gt; Don't be just a hearer, be a doer of God's word. So look, look at this. We see foot, hand, ear, eye, eye, hearing, smelling. Each of these have a spiritual significance. And church, each one is so important. What if I plug your ears, brother, right now? Could he get anything out of service if I plugged his ears right now? He He could see me, though. He could see me. He could see me move my mouth, but he wouldn't know what's being said. How important is the hearing? How important are the feet that you could actually walk to church today? You're not in a wheelchair. You don't have amputated feet. How how blessed you are. Every part is so important. So, that's why I'm so thankful when people keep coming back to the house of God. Hallelujah. because you're playing a part of God. It might not be the obvious part that everybody sees on the on the live stream. Everybody sees just this. They don't see back here. Or we can have this. We can't have this unless we have this. So, I got some emojis for the children because they like emojis, right? Who doesn't like a little technology? What's the natural purpose of the foot? Well, it's lowly to the ground, but it's very strong. It moves and carries everyone else. It's like the foundation and it represents humility, right? Jesus poured water in the basin. He began to wash their feet. So the humility of bowing down to the feet, washing the feet, the dirtiest part, the most humble part, the foundational part that nobody wants to touch. Honestly, who which one of us would want to touch sweaty feet at the end of the day? Take a shower, brother. Then I'll wash your feet. Right. [laughter] Really? It's just slowly. It's the Don't look at my nails. I've had my toenails stepped on so many times. Some when when you wash my feet, I'll just let this out. I've had I'm playing football and I've had so many people step on my toes. My toes are cracked. My my toenails are cracked and it just it's not a good thing to look at. Now you Now you're glad you sisters, right? You don't have to wash my feet. It just it's just it's the lowest. But it's foundational though. And the Bible calls them beautiful. How beautiful are the feet, THE CARRIERS THAT PREACH THE GOSPEL of peace. Hallelujah. They're ugly to us, sweaty, all these things. But God calls them beautiful because they provide foundation. They carry the word WHERE IT NEEDS [screaming] TO GO. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; But it's not the one that we dress up and well, some of us might buy fancy Jordans. Look at me. I got Jordans. or I've got my LeBron on. Or for the women, it's like, I got my high heels. Well, it's time to repent of those. I'd probably repent. I'd probably repent of those Jordans myself, too. You might as well do that. You just spent $300 on them. Should have got something more important. Hallelujah. So, repent of all that. Amen. Hallelujah. But God calls them beautiful when they're used for the glory of God, for the kingdom of God. What these feet say? Well, I'm not like I'm not like the face. I'm not like the tongue. I guess I'm not I guess I'm nothing. I guess I'm not I'm not important. Like, oh, no, no, no. You are so important. Try to get to work or try to go to the grocery store without your feet. Your knees are going to be in a lot of pain by the time you actually get there. If you get there, hallelujah. But we think, "Oh, this brother, that sister, I can never be as important as them." You got to change your thinking. &gt;&gt; You have to accept the word of God, not lies. And we're all commanded to cast down lies that exalt anything that exalts itself against the word of God, cast it down. The hand, the hand makes direct action like work, like building, serving, strumming, or what do you call this? Playing. Playing striking. Hands would tend to get more glory than the feet, don't they? People got gloves on. People got look look at the work the people painting. Look at this. This whole time someone's painting or building like Malachi's in construction. The whole time they're all they they just see the hands but they don't see the feet down there giving it foundation. Look what I built or look what I wrote. Look at my look look at this. Look at this. The hands get so much glory. But they can't see without the eyes. They can't get the tools and the materials without the feet. They can't hear what to do without the ears. The Bible said, "Whatsoever thy hand findeth iteth to do, do it with all thy might." So hands are like the doing, the action, the publicly seen testimonies. We'd say, "Lay hands on the sick and they shall recover." They're the agents of contact, right? It's the point of contact between uh we'd say uh natural and supernatural, right? Lay hands on the sick and they'll recover. something supernatural is going to happen because that hand was there. But the hand can't be there without the rest of the body. The ear ears receive invisible waves or vibrations, right? Sound waves, and they turn them into a meaningful message. Think about that. With ears, they take something invisible right now and turns into something spiritual. I know what Brother Jesse's talking about through an invisible a visible realm. Amen. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise God. It requires trust. You have to trust your ears because they work in darkness or light. We could all turn off the lights, close our eyes, but we could still get out as long as we can hear the door, the opening, closing of the door, the voice. Oh, follow me, brother Jess. Follow me, Jose. Jose is going to lead you out. As long as we have that, as long as long as we can hear, we can have trust in what we hear. And so ears are not dependent upon visible evidence. Hallelujah. Faith is the substance of things not seen. So hearing is we'd say spiritually people that receive faith, right? So then faith cometh by hearing, hearing by the word of God. Hearing is also receiving. Thine ears shall hear a word behind thee saying, "This is the way. Walk ye in." And aren't you glad you heard that message for message for this hour? Hallelujah. I was walking in the Baptist way. I was walking the Presbyterian way, the Pentecostal way. I was walking all these ways, but then I heard a voice say, "This is the way." The message is THE WAY. WILLIAM BRANDHAM IS THE PROPHET OF GOD. HALLELUJAH. Brother Jose, I've walked in it since 2001. Hallelujah. Amen. The eyes, the last one. No, I'm sorry. There's one more smell. The eyes are depend upon light, but work only when open and focused. See, if your eyes aren't focused, even if they're open, they won't work. If they work, but they're not open, you're not going to get anything out of it. Vision gives confidence because it's based on what is seen and understood. So the eyes represent revelation, light and understanding. The light of the body is the eye. I will guide thee with mine eye. The eyes of your understanding being enlightened. Now verse 17 says, if the whole body were an eye, where were the hearing? If the whole were hearing, where were the smelling? Verse 17 speaks of smelling. Burnt offerings were connected to sweet smelling savors received by God in worship and then represented thanksgiving in total consecration and devotion. The first one is Noah. Noah gave a burnt offering. In other words, he burnt the entire animal. He didn't save anything for him and his family. It was total thanksgiving. Thank you, God, for bringing me through the tribulation period. Oh, but church, we should be thankful. We should offer burnt offerings now. Thank you that I'm not going to go through the tribulation period. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Thank God that I'm going the rapture. Praise God &gt;&gt; and just give a total thanksgiving offering to God. Leviticus 1 1-9. Chris told me he was reading through this and it was hard to understand. It is you. We need need a lot of types of Christ. The Bible calls the burnt offering a sweet savor. So God smells it in heaven. When it's a burnt offering, the nose. And now there's a part of God's body on earth that's like his nose. The worshipper off offered and a complete animal sacrifice to God. None of it was shared with man. Everything was given to God. Leviticus 6 speaks and then you know the uh the workers in Moses tabernacle all day they had to do burnt offerings every single day. There was no break. There was no get up or there was no letup. It's just like you and I, we got to go to the grocery store what every couple days or we got to keep going back to the fridge every day or the freezer. Every day go back there. That's how God set it up. Every day there's going to be burnt offering. Every day there's going to be thanksgiving given to my name. Paul said Christ gave himself as an offering and sacrifice for a sweet smelling savor to God. So here we see a burnt offering is a total sacrifice. the Philippians gifts for Paul's physical needs. Paul said, "We're a sweet saver to God." See that church, when you try to help somebody out in on this earth and you give them either money or something that they need or clothes or something, God goes like this in heaven, he says, "I receive that. I enjoy that. That's delightful to me." Because it's a sacrifice. You lost something, right? You gave up something so that somebody else could have what they need. And the Bible calls that a sweet savor. And remember church, that's like those 10 lepers. Remember how many came back and actually gave the sweet savor? One. A tenth. One out of 10 actually came back and said, "Thank you, Jesus, for for for healing me from my leprosy." Church, we ought to be we ought to be able to say, "Thank God that you saved me from my sins today. Thank God you brought me out of the worldly condition I was in. Thank God you brought me out of dead denominationalism. Hallelujah. Thank you for opening up my eyes. Thank you for healing my body. Thank you for healing my soul. Praise God. Thank you for healing my mind. Thank you, Lord. I come back to give you thanks for that, church. And I I'll spend the rest of my life coming back to thank God for that. That's the joy of my life, Brother Vang. That's the joy of our lives. I'll spend the rest of my life come back say, "Thank you, Jesus, for saving me from my sins. Thank you for washing IT AWAY WITH YOUR PRECIOUS BLOOD. THANK YOU THAT YOU WON'T CONDEMN me on the day of judgment because of the blood of Jesus Christ. Now this is quite an interesting scripture. Paul said he looked for someone to fellow I think it was Titus but he couldn't find him. But he says he says you need to know that you are a sweet smelling savor to the world and to the church. He said one is unto death. The other is unto life. And because of their sincerity, Paul said, "You are a s sweet smelling savor unto the believers." So see church, the more sincere we are, the more devoted we are, the more we sacrifice for Jesus. That's the nose of the body. You become the nose of the body if you're fully devoted, consecrated. And church, not everybody is like that, right? Just like not everybody's the feet, not everybody's the nose, not everybody's the eyes, not everybody's the ears. So, I hope this will open it up for somebody today by God's grace. So, what's the summary? If you're the feet, you're more gifted in the way of being behind the scenes providing strength, stability, foundation. I'm talking about to the body of Christ. And you're more beautiful. You're beautiful in God's sight. although underappreciated. Is that right? Isn't that what the Bible says? If you're the hand, you're more gifted and you're more visible in public with your works and seen and praised by all. But I'll say like this, you got to be careful not to get lifted up. But God just chose you as the hand to be used by God to do it publicly so people can see it. Remember, this couldn't be done. The hand can't be done without the feet. If you're the eyes, you're more gifted in receiving the revealed truths of God and giving understanding and guidance. Remember, these can be sisters, too, through the word of knowledge and the word of wisdom and prophecy. Some people, so don't be jealous. Somebody gets more revelation, somebody gets more uh they're just more strong and stable or they they everybody sees these testimonies that they do in public. Don't be discouraged. Just find what you are and say what you are &gt;&gt; and pray for the people. Pray for other people. Don't don't envy them. Pray for them. Praise God. And then they'll pray for you. I'm sure if they're a real Christian, they'll pray for the whole body of Christ. If you are the ears, you're more gifted in receiving the unseen truths of God. Right? Those ears receive the invisible things. You just get a word of faith. You just get a word. Something invisible just drops into your heart. Other people don't have that ability to catch it because they're not an eardrum, right? Eard drum can catch those waves. The other body parts can't catch it. That doesn't make you any better. It makes you special for a purpose. And then you will give trust to others and you'll give more assurance of their faith to others. That's the part of that you play in the body of Christ. Now, if you're the smelling, if you're the smelling part of the body, you're more gifted with greater devotion to God, you give more sacrifices than other people. I'm talking about food, shelter, clothing, anything, housing, people, thanksgiving, whatever, maybe praise, worship. You're more consecrated towards God and his children if you are the smelling. Now, what I want to say, too, is don't neglect what God's called you to be. Brother said, "Don't try to be something that you're not." Like Ananas and Safire. What do they try to do? They try to be the nose. Well, I'm so devoted. I gave all this money. PETER SAID, "YOU'VE LIED TO THE HOLY GHOST. You're not the nose." Hallelujah. God took them home. If if they were even saved, I'm not even sure if they were saved. Right? See, don't try to be something that you're not. Be something that God made you to be. As I said, get under the anointing of the Holy Ghost. Spend a whole day fast and praying. And then, like the Bible says in Isaiah 58, then go out and start giving to people and see where God blesses your works. Now, for me, I got to study and shut in and pray, right? And so, I see God bless the sermons that he gave me. It wasn't me. It was him. He gave it to me. And then God uses the word to transform lives and to strengthen people and help them or deliver them or give them hope or raise their faith or something like that. It's just it's it's the calling of God. IT'S THE PART OF THE BODY THAT YOU'RE CALLED TO BE. NOW, that's just I had some thoughts about moms or I'm going to skip past that one. If you want to read it later, let me know. I'll text it to you. It just seemed like moms are so underappreciated. Moms are always behind the scene. Moms are called the cornerstones. So I just saw a connection there with feet and cornerstones and mothers. The Bible said the mother's like a cornerstone. That's thus sayith the scripture. Hallelujah. That's why brother Brandham said she's my backbone. Right. Give all the credit in this family to Sister Me Brandom. Verse 18. But now hath God set the members, every one of them in the body as it has pleased him. And if they were all one member, where were the body? See, if we were all tongues, we'd have no ears to hear what's being said. But now are they many members, yet one body. Now listen, church, God place you with the gifts that please him in order to fit perfectly into the body of Christ. God is trustworthy. So keep hungering and thirsting after God, and you'll see God use your gifts. Now, just another example is this Wednesday. Remember Wednesday at the service, I just start off by talking about Halloween. I was just saying, "Okay, here comes Halloween again." every year this awful dreadful day of the year, which it is. But something just kind of prompted me to to say how I I handle it at school. So at school, girls will run up to me and say, "Look, Mr. Smith, I'm a witch. What do you don't you like my outfit?" I'll say, "Oh, I think you'd be a better angel." But I'll say, "I love you." With teacher love, right? And the Bible says to the pure all things are pure. Anytime like we had a little baby dressed up as a Frankenstein. Now that's not cute to me. We had a little baby dress. But if a baby dressed up like a turkey, that's really cute. Like t take away all the demons and all the the blood. If you just have a child in a turkey outfit, that's cute. I think that's really cute. Right. So like at school, if the kids are just dressed up like harmless things, that's cute. Now, thank God the school outlaw there's no blood anymore. Of course, thank God for that. But they can dress up as demon demon hunters, but yet they're really those are the demons, right? Because they're they're not Christians. They're not angels. So, it's contradictory. But I shared that on Wednesday how I handle that. Oh, yeah. A girl come up to me and say, "Mr. Smith, did she actually did it a couple days ago and she said, "Mr. Smith, do you like my hair got cut?" I said, "Do you like it, honey?" I said, "I'm glad you like it." Right? You like I can't say I like it because I don't like it. I'm glad she likes it, right? I'm glad she didn't get a bad haircut. If you're going to get a haircut, get a good one or get one that looks actually nice, but it's still cutting off your glory. But I can't say, "Oh, I just love how you cut your hair." A girl Yeah. a girl walked up to me on Friday said, "Mr. Smith, I'm wearing makeup." That was another fresh test for me. I said, "Oh," I said, "You're beautiful without makeup." Is what I said. [laughter] I didn't say I like makeup. I said, "You're beautiful without makeup." But somebody texted me this week and said, "Thank you for the wisdom of God to handle that because this person is in the same field as me in education." In other words, you can't avoid Halloween. You can't avoid all these things. You got to have you have to have a word to answer in the due season. So, I just get a text saying, "Thank you for your wisdom." I didn't know it was wisdom. That's just how I'm trying to as a Christian. I'm trying to handle these things. To the pure, all things are pure, right? have a word to say. Lord, give me a word. Let me be in season and out of season. So this person took time to say thank you for the wisdom. I didn't plan to say it. I felt it was the Holy Spirit. The eye cannot say to the hand, well, I have no need of you. These great works that you do, these beautiful paintings that you do, this this beautiful handiwork that you do, nor again the head to the feet, and I have no need. The head's the head can't say, "I don't need your feet." The head can't get anywhere without the feet. Nay, now look what the Bible says. No, no, much more those members of the body which seem to be more feeble are the necessary ones. Wow. Feet are really necessary. Even though they get sweaty, stinky, they get stepped on all the time. They're the ones stepping. But for the type, they're the ones everybody forgets about, doesn't notice. Like, you sure can look clean, but your shoes could be sweaty. Hate to be so graphic, but this is the this is the illustration we're given. My how much more necessary are the feet. I don't think any of you would want to go today without your feet. Verse 23. And those members of the body which we think to be less honorable. Well, who's the most honorable? Everybody up front. Pulpit and musicians. Definitely the most honorable. We would think, "Oh, I love that message you preached, Brother Jesse." Nobody ever says, "Ah, I loved how you amen the word of God, brother, sister so and so, or thank you for coming, sister so and so. I really enjoyed how you came to service today." Whatever I say, well, thank you for preaching, but thank you. I really enjoyed that song today. So, who's the most honorable ones? We think it's those who are up in the front. But God said we give more honor them. But the the Bible says we think these that are less honorable. The Bible will tell us that God gives them more abundant honor upon these. We bestow more abundant honor. We praise the preachers and the song leaders and the deacons and we we just give them ALL THIS. THANK GOD. THANK GOD. OH, we honor them so much. We got to be careful not to do too much honoring. Now, I know the Bible says double honor to the pastor and everybody does. Everybody honors me. No one disrespects me. If people disrespect me, they're not going to come back to the church because they're breaking the word of God. I'm going to kick them out of the church, right? Just like you. You wouldn't let somebody come into your house and disrespect your dad. No, you say, "That's my dad. He owns this place. You're not going to LET HIM DISRESPECT. GET OUT of here." Right? Same thing. How can a man rule the house of God if he doesn't rule his own house? Well, right? And the Bible said our uncommonly parts have more abundant calmliness. So they're the ones that we think aren't as important are very important are very beautiful. Praise God. How beautiful are the feet. Doesn't say how beautiful is that nose. And brother Jesse, I know you got a big one. See, NO BELIEVER WILL SAY I don't need you. We should never say that. We need everybody. We miss you when YOU DON'T COME TO CHURCH. &gt;&gt; Because sometimes we have so so few bank notes on Wednesday night. We have so few people. It's like we're walking in here on one foot just to get to church. Boy, it's hard to get to church. IT'S HARD TO GET THROUGH SERVICE TODAY because we only had a few people here. Now, if everybody's sick, we understand that. If you're working, we understand that, too. I'm just saying it affects the body, right? So, today we got both feet. Every almost everybody's in church today. We feel really good walking in the house of God today. Hallelujah. So thankful you come today, saints. We can have the body of Christ here. Amen. We can fully operate. And I'll say like this. All the needs of the church can be met if everybody's here. So we need each other. The less appreciated ones are necessary and will get more honor. A couple years ago, Malachi and uh Austin and I were racing out there. I found out I found out as a 41 year old man how important my uncommonly parts are. Like you don't walk around saying, "Oh, look at my hamstrings, man. I really got great hamstrings." Like nobody honors the hamstrings unless you're a bodybuilder. Then you really got demon spirits. But like us, you don't walk around saying under your dress like, "Wow, thank God I got these beautiful hamstrings." My goodness, I'm so thankful. These are so calmly boy. Look how they stretch and look how we don't do that. But when I when I went out there, I'm like, I'm going to race Malachi. I'm going to race awesomeness. And all of a sudden, I felt a pop pop. Oh man. Then I realized how important my hamstrings really were. And I had to spend day after day stretching them out, icing them. Stretch, ice, stretch, ice to get them back to where they were. Now I really appreciated my uncommonly parts. And I realized that's more important than my nose or my hair or my Did I Did I trim my goatee? This was way more important than this. or this. This is super important. And so it is with the family of God. The ones we don't see all the time that get all the clapping. [applause] Amen. That's right, BRO. WHAT A REVELATION. That that's all the honor. The ones that don't get seen, that's the one who are super important because just let something happen and people start falling out of church or they get sick or something. Pretty soon you don't have nobody here. Where where is everybody? Where's the body of Christ? Where are those comely parts? Or if somebody's hurting uh that you lose somebody, oh, you see that person and they can't come to church or or they're just down, discouraged all the time. Think about that. They're sitting there in their chair. They're still coming to church, but their spirit is so wounded. It's like my wounded hamstring. Saw me limping up to church after that one. God bless everybody. Hallelujah. But you like feel for me like, "Oh, bro, brother, bro, bruh, bro." Whatever say, whatever they say. Like, I feel sorry for you, brother. And that's how we feel, right? I And then I can't go about my regular day because I can hardly walk and I got to sit a certain way in a chair. I got to keep it stretched. And that's we'll go through services where people ARE HURTING RIGHT HERE. AND IT'S JUST NOT THE SAME until it heals. So important. Every person here is so important that you feel healthy. Amen. Amen. Like we read that quote on Wednesday. Brother B said, "No Christian is as strong or as healthy as by their adherence to obeying every word of God. We need everybody to obey the word of God. Then we'll be a healthy church. For our comedy parts have no need." Right? I don't got to take too much care of this. Ears do a pretty good job. Eyes. When was the last time you had to uh straighten out your eyes a little bit? Get your ears in order. No, they're just It's working good, right? Got to clean them out. Got to scrub them down a little bit. Get them. No, but you got to scrub the feet down. I'm a witness of that. I know what that's like. See, our coming parts have no need. But God has tempered the body together, having having given listen more abundant honor to the part which So God honors the body, the whole body, not just one part. Brother Ram said there's going to be a lot of surprises in heaven, church. He said, "Women get a greater reward." Now, I don't can't explain it. I don't have a scripture, but that matches this. We're going to be surprised. And remember, the Bible said preachers offended many things all. So, they a lot of preachers will have a lot of offenses. But the faithful ones, remember the apostles, they'll have a hundfold reward because they left father, mother, family. So, you have that balance. The preachers that are faithful, they'll get a huge reward. But the Bible also says God honors those uncommonly parts with abundant honor. And church, if we don't see it on this side, where are we going to see it? We're going to see it on the next side. Praise God. So just be faithful to God. Just stay in your position. Just find out. Are you the eye? Are you the ear? Are you the tongue? Are you the feet? Are you the nose? Find out what you are. Ask God about it. Again, like I said a few months ago, when was the last time you asked God, "God, what gifts do I did you give me?" That that if you know your gifts, it'll make church a lot more wonderful, right? Then you you know you're being faithful. You're preparing to pray for the sick. You're preparing to sing. You're preparing to give a word of wisdom, a word of know. You're preparing for that. You're getting ready so God can use every part of the body. Every part every part you're ready because you know what God's called you to do. Then brother Ram says there's some surprise times where he just might use you one time for something. Those are extra blessings. He might use you to speak in tongue or give a prophecy or interpretation or a dream and then never use you that way the rest of your life. But thank God you're a part of the body of Christ. There should be no schism in the body, but that the member should have the same care one for another. Hallelujah. That's what I try to do as a pastor. If I know somebody's got a financial need, I try to meet help them the same way. I help somebody else. Somebody needs a Bible study, let me know. I try to do it online or whatever I can do, you know, I'll try to do the same way. Just let me try to be fair with everybody. Treat everybody the same. Love everybody the same. And whether one member suffer, all the members suffer with it. when someone's struggling like we all struggle in our hearts like right we're missing somebody ah we miss them for a couple weeks and my I haven't seen them for a month and oh my it just it makes all of us suffer or if one member is honored now here's where some people have a trouble all the members rejoice with it so we have to remember to be happy for other people when they get testimonies as well be thankful say thank you Jesus you did that for brother Claude how you poured out that blessing for brother Patrick hallelujah amen And don't be jealous. Don't feel bad about it. Be thankful for it. So the emphasis is providing saints the same love and care for one another. We should feel each other's pain and be there to help each other. And that's what I've seen in our church. You know, we've had it many times, you know, where people help other people. Maybe they bring meals over or they offer to help out or come over and help out with the house or something like that. So wonderful that people can do that by the grace of God. Now ye are the body of Christ and you are members in particular. So you have a a particular function in the body of Christ. Might be this nose, hearing, eyes, feet, the hands. You have something in particular God wants you to do. And God hath set some in the church first apostles. So now Paul of course reminds us of the order of the responsibility. Apostles are first, secondarily prophets. Thirdly, teachers. After that, miracles, then gifts of healing, helps, governments, diversities of tongues. Now, just so you know, these Greek words are only used one time in the whole New Testament right there. That's it. So, we're that's why we don't make a special office of helps or governments. They're just used one time. So, we won't even have two or three witnesses. Alls we can do is kind of base it off off our off our best thoughts of other scriptures. So to me helps might helps in governments might be well some people say government because the pastor some people say the the pastor is the government or the deacons uh helps might be uh well in this case I don't know what that would be I have to look at my notes something after healings I can't remember what it was for helps what I thought it was but [clears throat] notice God sets it the most important thing is a missionary church and so we haven't had missionaries in a while because co shut a lot of them Now, we've got that we got that strange thing happening where lesser and lesser people are being saved, right? We're coming up to the pyramid. Lesser and lesser people are being saved. Then we got less and less people going out as missionaries, but we still need some missionaries, right? We still need some. Now, most people don't want to go. Well, that's okay if you're not called to it. But if you're running from it, you better obey it. And remember, here's what I did. I said, "Lord, I asked God, show me if I'm a pastor or not." Remember in 2014 I said, "Lord, let someone come in this message through me and that will tell me to keep being a pastor." I put my whole ministry on the line. By that time in 2014, I'd only been a pastor for eight years because we started our church in 2006. I put everything on the line, Sister Beatatric. I said, "If we don't get a new message believer by December of 2014, we're closing the church." I told Brother John, I don't know if I told Brother Vang, but I told Brother John, I told my wife. And then God brought in Amen and Hua before that, right? So I knew I knew I put everything on the line. I was ready to I was going to I told brother brother Samuel had asked me said brother you could come up and be my Timothy. I'll be the Paul. Paul and Timothy because I had such a good friendship with brother Samuel. That was sounded pretty good. He's a good man of God. Hallelujah. But I put it on the line right there. Lord, you do it and that will prove to me that you want me to be a pastor. And God did. And I had no I hadn't met brother Amen or sister Hua. I had not met nothing. It was all God. And that was in the summer of 2014. So within six months or five months, God answered that prayer. So what am I saying? If you don't know what you're called to do, put it on the line. &gt;&gt; Get get desperate with God. Get sincere with God, right? Fast. Pray longer. Do something. Put a a a fleece before God. Seek God with all your heart. You need to know what God called you to be in the body of Christ. Church, why should people sit here week after week or month after month year after year and not know the gifts in your life? You should know the gifts in your life or should be on the way to finding them out. Hallelujah. Just because you're not the kind that gets all the public honor, which I I didn't ask for this church. I didn't ask to be a pastor. I never grew up saying, "Christen, I want to be a pastor when we get older." I didn't ask to be a pastor. I don't like all that comes with it, but I love the joy of knowing the word of God. You don't ask for it. You just let God I'm sorry. You don't ask for certain things. You let God take you into what you're called to be. Hallelujah. God loves variety. He wants to set you and place you where he wants you to be, where it pleases him. We're not all the same. Find your position. Stay there. Be who God made you to be. And I love these questions. Are all apostles? Do all get to travel overseas? No. Are all prophets? No. Sometimes we wish we were, don't we? My goodness. I wish I was a prophet. I could tell brother Vang this happened, that happened. I could tell brother Patrick, well, this happened because this, this, and that, Claude and Patrick, I saw it when you were 10 years old. That'd be pretty awesome. But that's not what God wants me to do. It'd be wonderful. But I can't try to impersonate that either. Are all teachers. Now, people have told me I'm a teacher. because I can instruct with the word of God rightly divide it. I believe that. But not everybody's like that. Are all workers of miracles? No. Right. God placed you in a particular place. Now, I'm just throwing this in for those who love to study the Bible because I'm a teacher in the natural and the spiritual. Paul gives us the order here. But remember, we also have order. So I just want you to see how it lines up. Now I don't for whatever reason Paul didn't list evangelists and pastors in here. So maybe he met evangelist and pastors down there or maybe he was just you know no doubt he was following the leadership of the Holy Ghost. But I just can't explain it. But you can see there is continuity in the order. Apostles of the highest followed by prophets right followed by teachers. Now this is why you know we we stand by this right evangelists are very important travel from church to church pastors teachers they're all important right but look how high highly Paul puts teachers up here so the five-fold ministry is super important to know the word of God to understand it to make new converts to tell future events by God's grace now I'm going to close I got just a couple more slides here so just bear with me I'm almost done everybody's been doing pretty good today I haven't seen too much sleeping today by God's grace No, I'm just kidding. I don't see many sleepers too often. We ridicule Judas. We say he's a filthy bad guy. He's not fit for no place or no society. He isn't fit for heaven. Why? He sold his Lord after he had the opportunity to even be a disciple to be an apostle. The highest calling in the Bible. Think of that. Judas turned down the highest calling in the Bible for money. He wouldn't go out and preach. He wouldn't go to Pentecost because he wanted money. Same thing happens today. They won't come to me church because they want they want more money. They want a bigger church. They want more popularity. Or they won't come to more services in the message church because they want more money, right? So they miss church. He says, "Higher than a prophet." I shared this with the tape boys. Guess what they said? They change the subject. Call me a Judas. They call me a Judas because I showed them a quote. Or they call me Janice Jambers. Really? Janice Jammers quoted the word and stayed with the word. I didn't know that. [snorts] It's because it's not true. He had the opportunity to be an apostle and sold that right for personal gain. That's what I found. When you got an evil spirit, it won't answer questions honestly. It will deflect and say, "Next question. I don't want that question. I'm going to name call you. I'm going to attack you. I'm going to call you a devil." But yet, you're the one pointing to the word of God, and I'm pointing away from the word of God. They're blind. church blind blind leaders of the blind. Remember, he sold out Jesus for personal gain. So, see church, as a as a part of the body of Christ, you're not here for personal gain. You're here for the gain of others. And if others gain, then you gain in heaven. Hallelujah. Praise God. If you if others gain on earth through you, then you'll gain a great reward in heaven. Now, brother said, "It makes me proud in my heart and grateful to find servants of God that'll stand before the people and say, "I'm a witness of this gospel, too." Aren't you proud of your pastors? Say, "Praise the Lord." If you're proud of the pastors &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. Well, just like the Bible says, they get more recognition than everybody. Right. Right. Pastors, Brother Ram's lining them up. They're going to do a double line. They're going to do a prayer, a prayer tunnel. You've seen the preachers will stand there and everybody that wants prayer, come through, and pray for them. Brother Ram's lining him up. He says, and before they pray, he said, "Aren't you proud of these pastors? They they believe in divine healing." But I want you to watch what he says, church. It makes me proud of my heart and grateful. He says, "We're proud of our brethren." Amen. We're proud of them. They're your pastor. A pastor means a shepherd. Each of these men has just as much of the anointing to lay hands on the sick as I do. And I'm thankful for those who I've laid my hands on and they've recovered. I'm thankful. It wasn't me. It was God's promise. Now, I'm not a preacher. What, brother? What? That's thus sayith the Lord. That's what the tape church says. Well, if he's not a preacher, what is he? They're preachers. They've got a higher office than I have. Wait, what? What? If this is thus sayith the Lord, then these tape worshippers really need to repent. Brother Ram says, "These pastors in the prayer tunnel have a higher office than I have." Oh, Brother Jesse, I'm squirming in my seat. What are you gonna say next? going to start some new doctrine. No, I'm not. I'm gonna take you back to the original like I always do. Hallelujah. This is true what he's saying. He's talking about the local church. Now, can everybody take a big sigh of relief? I thought Brother Jesse was going to vault exalt pastors above the prophet. No, I'm not. I'm going to say what the tapes say when they say what the Bible says. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Y'all get nervous. What's he going to say next? Uh, I've studied. I know what I'm talking about. Hallelujah. But man said, THEY'VE GOT A HIGHER OFFICE THAN I have. A pastor is higher than a prophet. Only in the local church. And I'm going to show you that with another quote. He said, "Mine's a prophetic office, and it's to prophesy." Now, they're they wasn't built for that. See, we're not We have to recognize what am I built for? Consecration, dedication, sacrifice, fasting, giving uh people things like the nose. What am I built for? Mali, you look like a nice nose there. You look like a nice boy. You're You look like a nice ears there. I'm talking spiritually. [laughter] He's the hands. See the hands? He's the hands. [snorts] What does the Bible say, Brother Brandham? God said, what does he he quotes? Ephesians 4:11. And the church said, he says, "Is that right? Look, I have no education. That's the reason I say I'm not a preacher. These men, listen, could take this word and they wouldn't have to use one of these gifts like prophesying. They could just lay the word out there and they'd so tied the Satan and such and not he couldn't get out of that. See, but I can't do that. That's not my calling. They they are called for that. They're men of God. Every man that's called of God is commissioned to lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. How many believers or how many believes that? Then how you going to fail from getting well past through an arc like this? The ark of the prayer line, right? The prayer tunnel they call it. Church, maybe we should have one of that when brother uh Brad comes or brother Cam. Now we have such a small group, we don't even have we hardly have any preachers. Our tunnel would be Cam and me. That's quite an arc, isn't it? I guess it's kind of like the two cherubams by the Ark of the Covenant. [laughter] Hallelujah. Amen. Now, here's the quote that balances out. Brother Brandham, how could pastors be higher than you? Only in the local church. Brother Brandham said, "The full and complete authority of the church is the read that in the Bible. See if that's not the Bible order." That's exactly right. There's no one above the elder. Right. I have nothing to do with what brother Neville does here. That's up to you and brother Neville. He could preach Jehovah's Witness doctrine. That's up between you and him. See, because it's the congregation who votes on the pastor. Now, does everybody understand that? But boy, if you're a tape worshipper, you got a lot of explaining to do with this one. Wow. Pastors from 1961 in Long Beach, California, had a higher calling than Brother Brandham or higher office. Well, you got a lot of explaining to do on that one. But what do they say? I just believe every word is thus sayith the Lord. Like these insane people, they got a demonic spirit on them. It's a deity spirit. That's exactly right. Worshiping those tapes. They have a seducing spirit. Doctrines of devils. They're filled with devils. That's right. Because they take the tapes above this church. This is the absolute. &gt;&gt; This is thus sayith the Lord. Every word is thus sayith the Lord. I showed you on Wednesday. Every word. Brother said I can hang my soul on any word of God in here. Hallelujah. I'm almost done. You've been very patient with me. Thank you. But now, now what about this one, Brother Jesse? No more. There's no more higher order to reveal the word than prophets. Did you catch that? Oh. Oh, THIS IS SOMETHING TOTALLY DIFFERENT. NOW WE'RE TALKING ABOUT revealing the word, not teach the word or preach the word. We're talking about revelation. What's the highest gift to reveal the word? Oh, the word of God comes to the prophet. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, that's true. Nobody reveals the word like a prophet does. But when it comes to who's the what's the greatest gift? The greatest gift is the apostle. But the highest uh office for getting revelation is the prophet. The highest gift in the local church is the pastor. Oh, so they all fit together nicely, don't they? Hallelujah. If we actually believe the Bible. And I'm glad we have a body that believes the Bible here. The only way the prophet can be vindicated is by this right here. This is how I know brother was a prophet right here. You don't got to give me any. I mean, I believe the tapes, most of them, right? Most of the most of most everything on the tape is right. But he's got human mistakes on there. But this is why I believe brother Ram's a prophet because he acted just like a Bible prophet. He gave us thus sayith the Lord, brother Jose, we wandered around for years in domination. Jose going from this bumping in this being being blown over to this blown over to that and all of a sudden we heard thus sayith the Lord. Now we're walking on the straight and narrow. Brother Vang, now we know. Now we got our sword drawn. Now we know how to fight this battle. &gt;&gt; We know where we come from, church. We know where we're going. &gt;&gt; We're going back to Christ where I come from. you come from. Let's finish. Last slide. Let's send our feet. Musicians can come. Last scripture. Well, praise the Lord. I got through the chapter 12. Amen. I didn't know if it was possible, Brother Patrick, but I got through it. Do all have the gifts of healing? Can everybody lay hands on their sick and recover? Not everybody. No, not everybody. It's got to be your calling. Do all speak with tongues? Well, I wish Pentecostals would read this one. Don't you? Goodness gracious. Now, for anyone with an honest heart, this this solves the whole tongues thing. Just this one verse. This solved all my questions. Paul Paul was given the gospel by Jesus Christ. And he said, "Do all speak with tongues?" Yet, he said, "I speak with tongues more than y'all, but I'd rather speak five words with understanding than 10,000 in an unknown tongue." This solved it for me. So anybody with an honest heart who's not deceived will recognize not everybody speak with tongues just like not everybody has the gift of healing. Do all interpret? Can everybody can everybody hear an unknown tongue and tell you thus sayith the Lord. This is going to happen tomorrow at 12:00. So be cautious, be aware and make provision. Thus sayith the Lord. No. No. Not everybody can understand that. So I hope that's helpful by God's grace. But covet earnestly the best gift. So see church, we have to covet apostles, prophets. We have to pray for more of those God to send us more of those and send out apostles. And the greater gifts of the spirit. Brother said the greatest gift is what? Wisdom. Wisdom is the greatest gift because that judges he says all the rest of the gifts. But what is the greatest gift, church? Can you say it out loud? What's the greatest gift? Love. Love is the greatest gift. You can have all these gifts. You can understand all mysteries. You can move mountains by speaking the word, prophesying, word of faith. Move all these mountains. But if you don't have love, hasn't profited you anything. That's why we got to constantly love everybody in the church by God's grace. If they're struggling, if they need something, help them out. Show them you care. Hallelujah. God's word is true. It's been a joy to preach to you this morning. Hallelujah. It's been a joy. Thank you for being the foundation, church. We couldn't have church without you. And who does God put more honor on? He puts it on you. Amen. Let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. Father God, we thank you for today, Lord Jesus. Lord, men give honor to the most visible parts and the preachers and musicians, deacons maybe. But Lord, you put more honor on the uncommonly parts, Lord. Thank you for a church that loves you, Lord. They keep coming back to hear the word of God. I believe they're praying for me. I believe they're praying for the church here. I believe they're praying for lost loved ones. I believe they're praying for the sick that they'll recover. Bless your people, Lord God. If they don't see as many rewards on this side, surely they'll see them on the other side. You promised it in this chapter, you will honor them. So bless your people, Lord. I pray you'll honor them. They'll see some of that honor on this side. And I pray for myself and the preachers, God. You'd help us not to offend so much. God, help us to be careful what we say. Lord, I did not ask to be a pastor. Lord God, you know my heart, Lord Jesus. I It's not on my radar, but I felt a pull as we sing that song. I feel the pull. I felt a pull to the the pulpit. You vindicated it. You vindicated over and over. I almost gave up pastoring. But Lord, you placed me here, I believe, to feed your sheep. And you told Peter, "If you love me, feed my sheep." So Lord, I love you. I tried to feed your sheep today on the word of God. I trust they'll eat the word food that was [music] delivered to them today. I pray for your people, Lord. Help them to find what part they are. Whether it's the feet, Lord, the hands, the eyes, the nose, the ears, Lord God, especially our young people, Lord, they haven't been serving God very long. Help them, God, to seek you and show them their position in the body of Christ. [music] May they just wait on you until they know for sure what you've called them to be. I believe you gave me this message last night and this morning, Lord. So, I've just tried to be obedient to preach your word under the anointing of the Holy Spirit. Lord God, forgive me if I say anything wrong. May your people receive the [music] word, be edified, strengthened today. Let us be a membered body. Find our particular members that we're to be of the one body of Jesus Christ. [music] That's all I want, Lord. I just want to be in your body, Lord. May every person, Lord, here find their way into the body of Christ, Lord. I pray, God. Grant it, Jesus. Help them, Lord God. Help me, Lord God. Each person just to know for sure that they're in the body of Christ. Grant it, Lord Jesus. We love you, Lord God. Guide us into all truth. Teach us all things. Let us have the fruit of the Holy Spirit. Sigh and cry for the abominations. hunger and thirst for more righteousness, [music] have the love of God ruling our hearts, which is the greatest gift. Bless us now, Lord. If there's needs in the church, I pray you minister to them. Help each person, [music] including myself, to be sensitive to the needs in the church. I ask it in Jesus Christ's name. The same.
