################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-06 - (11-5-25) A Prophet's Love For the Word,  Pt. 2 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-06
Title:   (11-5-25) A Prophet's Love For the Word,  Pt. 2 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJbqTCfZteY
========================================

I thought, well, they're going to come. I'd like to play these for them. And our children are new to Brother Ram's message. And so, I'd like them to see how much Brother Ram loved the word of God. How much he emphasized it. Uh because it's the same love that David had for the word of God, right? The same love that Job had for the word of God. All these mighty men of God, we'd say, are humble men of God down through the ages. And the women, of course, how much they love the word of God. And church, I hope it'll inspire you and I to love the word of God more. How many want that tonight? By God's grace. I want to leave here loving God's word more. Hallelujah. Psalm 119:47 and 48. I'll read uh 47 and then we can all read 48 by God's grace. If you're there, say amen. Verse 47. and I will delight myself in thy commandments which I have loved. Let's read 48. Ready? One, two, three. My hands also will I lift up unto thy commandments which I have loved, and I will meditate in thy statutes. May God add the blessing to the ring of his word. You can be seated by God's grace. Case you can switch over here. I'll have some scriptures and slides here. We'll just briefly review. I'm going to try to keep it short here. I want to watch the time and um we want to look again at how prophets love the word of God. Now we covered many Bible verses last week. We went through numerous prophets like Jeremiah, Job, David, many uh St. John was a prophet of course with the book of Revelation and then all these other believers how they love the commandments of God that are recorded in our holy bible. And if they loved all the commandments, uh how much more should we love them because we have the full cannon of the word of God. And then uh God said that he would reward us for eating honey. Imagine that we get a reward for eating the most sweetest thing there could ever be is honey. Praise God. So it's like a double blessing, is it not? &gt;&gt; Right? You feast on the word of God, you enjoy it, right? And then somehow God will bring a blessing about it later on. Hallelujah. And remember the Bible said the blessing, one of the blessings is eating it. And what's the what's the reward? Speaking the word of God, right? He told Ezekiel, "Eat the roll." He told John, "Eat the roll." And when they did, then they would speak the word of God. Hallelujah, church. And there's nothing sweeter than speaking the word of God to somebody. And it's just what they need to hear in due season. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I heard a good testimony from Sunday. You know, I preached on the body of Christ. And and it was told to me that before service, somebody was saying uh about sometimes I feel behind the scenes, right? And remember what I preached on Sunday, the feet are sometimes like behind the scenes. So, it was a real discernment of the Holy Spirit by God's grace. So, I'm thankful for that. Aren't you glad? Hallelujah. Makes me happy as a preacher. You know, I study and pray and watch the word of God and then feel led to say things and write things and then it gets vindicated that I was following the leading of the Lord. That's how I want to live my life. I know you do, too. Praise God. You want God to vindicate your life as well. Amen. So, I'm I'm thankful for those things. And we're, brother Ram said, we're the strongest and healthiest by adhering to, which means obeying the Bible. You'll never be stronger. You'll never be more spiritually healthy than when you're obeying the word. You're saying, "God, I want to obey this today. I don't want to easily fall into sin. I don't want to make plans to sin." Right? The Bible said, "Not make not an occasion for the flesh." Right? So don't plan out sin. Try to fight against sin. And brother Ram said repeatedly, "Every word of the Bible is infallible." He said, "Every word is thus sayeth the Lord and perfect." So we know brother Ram loved the Bible. Praise God. And again, I just love this one from Psalm. Again, this chapter is such a beautiful chapter on the word of God. Therefore, I love thy commandments above gold, above fine gold. Hallelujah. Therefore, I esteem all thy precepts concerning all things to be right, and I hate every false way. So in modern terms, the Bible's right about all things. Hallelujah. So we don't need to necessarily go to chat GTP or Grock or YouTube or Google necessarily. You don't you're not going to get all the right answers there. Sometimes it's helpful. You need to know the weather. But we know if we go to the Bible, it's going to be right every time. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Every single time. And remember, we love the word, right? And Jesus loves the word, but Jesus hates the deeds of the nickelans, right? every false way. So again, we we always want to remember Jesus loves us. Jesus loved us. But let's not forget what Jesus hates. &gt;&gt; And I I'm just going to reiterate this quick list. Brother Ram taught us here when brother Ram went back to study church history. But before that, Brother Ram said, "We must prove all things." Let's say all things. Ready? All things. So everything I say, I want to prove it by the word of God. &gt;&gt; And if I'm wrong, will please come help me after service. Praise God. Right? That's what Brother Brham says. uh if it's contrary to my faith and yet the scripture says so, the scriptures right and I'm wrong. And that's the same thing Pastor Smith is saying tonight. If I say something and it's against the scripture, I'm wrong. The Bible's right. Okay? So, you know in advance if you haven't ever heard me say something wrong, you know if I say something wrong, I'm wrong and the Bible's always right. I'm not going to argue against the Bible. I'm not going to add to the Bible. I'm not gonna take anything away from the Bible. My heart, my intention is to to get everything right by the Bible. &gt;&gt; The scriptures always right. And the only way you can do anything is come back to the scripture. Now again, just let's just reiterate real quickly. We'll just take five minutes on the deeds of niceladens. Remember, the Bible tells us, Paul tells us, and I'm sorry, uh John tells us in the book of Revelation, the deeds are the first step away from the Holy Ghost. It's just a deed. It's not a doctrine yet. It's not the doctrine of Balum, and it's not Jezebel religion. It's the first step away. It's just a deed. Well, we just kind of do this sometime. So, in other words, it's like a man-made tradition. You just talk about it. Oh, we just we started this last week or we started last month. Let's try this something new. And it's not really preached yet. It's just something you do. Okay? So, let's remember that. Now, there's numerous uh there's three at least three verses that speak of this in type. You have the four horse riders have the four steps, right? And the deeds are in revelation chapter 2 and three deeds. You have doctrine nicoladen. So, it became more than a deed. It became a doctrine. Then it became the doctrine of balum. Let's bring everybody together. And then it became death. Jezebel religion. Total outright idolatry. Okay. Ezekiel saw in Ezekiel chapter 8. First it was the image, then it was the chambers, then it was the women weeping for tamuz. And then it was the complete utter worship of the sun. Right? Like the Catholic Church worships their their son, right? Their wafer, their circular wafer. And now I'll get into these here uh by God's grace. Now, brother Bam, uh now I got the page number. If you read the church age book, um the first thing that brother saw by history, these preachers there in Rome started forming groups. Well, we're not going to meet with them anymore. And then they started putting clergy in ranks above the other. Well, this pastor is better than that one. That bishop's better than that one. This one here. They started ranking them. And then they started getting extended authority, more than just a local church. So, one pastor started, well, I think I'll just take control of this one, and then I got control of that one. Now, let me balance that out. There are some churches around the world that they don't have a pastor. And so it's better for them to have a pastor who come and visit them from another church and just be the temporary pastor until God raises one up. So I'm not rebuking any any church. Some churches they just don't have preachers. Church, what is it for? It's for a testimony. God either wants them to learn the value of a pastor or God's going to raise up somebody out of there who needs to be a pastor. Hopefully both. Okay, that's that that's the best part because pastors now you see it today. all these evangelists, they have all these satellite churches becoming millionaires and billionaires. That's not the apostolic pattern by God's grace. The pattern is one pastor, one pastor gets the benefit from one sheepfold [snorts] because that's the that's the natural to the spiritual type. Does everybody understand by God's grace? And again, I don't want to spend too much time on this, but just so you know, there are some pastors I know, they pastor more than one church. That's because nobody is raised up to do it. and they pray for someone to raise up. But no man is either gifted or willing. But you got to be both. You got to be willing and you got to be gifted, right? Because the gift will take care of itself. Hallelujah. I've seen that. Every time I'm I'm wondering, I I don't know where to go. The Holy Ghost will anoint me. Give me the words to say, the gift will take care of itself. The gift will back itself up. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And then it was apostolic succession. Well, uh, this person knew Peter, so it's got to be this. This one has to be the next pastor, right? And then became, well, this one followed in that line and now we have the Catholic Church, right? And all their popes, right? This is how it started. It was man's idea about apostolic. It was man's succession rather than God's succession. &gt;&gt; Okay? Then it became church membership. Well, as long as you come to our church, you're saved. That's not true. You can come to our church and not be saved. &gt;&gt; This church can't save you. Only the Holy Ghost can save you. &gt;&gt; Okay? And then it was a false birth. Stick out your tongue and get the wafer on your tongue. Now you got the anointing. That's not a birth. That's not an anointing. Praise God. What you need to do is let the coal of fire get on your tongue. Amen. There it is. Amen. Hallelujah. I was wondering which scripture was that. Amen. It's Isaiah chapter 6. Amen. Stick out your tongue and start praising God. Amen. Stick out your tongue and start worshiping God. Say, "I love you, Jesus." [screaming] Hallelujah. Praise God. Let the Holy Ghost burn the sin off your lips. Amen. put some praise on those lips. Amen. And then they had a false water baptism and started sprinkling. Well, now they do babies and now it's three backward or three forward or now it's you don't have to be baptized at all. Bunch of nonsense. But they got the false baptism. Then it was they denied the ley God-given right. So in other words that now the ley got to go do they got to go to confession. They don't even have the right to pray to God themselves and confess their sins to God. See they started taking rights away from the people. You don't have a right to say anything about God. It's only me. I'm a preacher. I'm I'm a clergy. I'm a priest. They started taking away the Well, that brother, you can't pray for these brothers. You're not a preacher. Now, you might be, buddy. Well, you know, you sisters, you can't pray for these sick people. You're not preachers. It was demonic. It was separating uh trying to exalt men above other people. That's the first step of the Antichrist spirit. And Jesus hates these. Now, brother, I don't have the page number because I didn't finish this study. But pretty soon, the pope became the vicor of Christ instead of Christ. That's blasphemy. He's not the vicer of Christ. The Bible said we are all man, we are all are children of God. Hallelujah. The Pope did not take the place of Christ. That's what I'm saying. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He does not take the place of Christ. Amen. Roman, I'm sorry. Uh uh Martin Luther believed that. John Wickliffe. Amen. John Wesley. Amen. Jonathan Hus, all these holy men of old, they all believe that. We believe that, too. Praise God. I always get fired up when I preach on the Roman Catholic Church. Amen. They got so much wrong. It's easy to get fired up. [laughter] Purgatory. They come up with this idea. You don't go straight to heaven after you get saved. You got to go pay for your sins and then you can go to heaven. That's wrong, too. We pay for them right now. Amen. We get spanked right now. As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen. We get we get our purgatory right now. Brother Ram says we go through our tribulation now. And then mass uh it's making it's making the sacri it's making communion another sacrifice of Calvary. It's sacrificing Jesus over and over again. But the Bible said by one offering not by a continue offering by one offering forever we are perfected by the perfector Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. And then pay money to get out of hell. And then the brother gives all the other ones. Now just today, did you see that? The Catholic Church took back their teaching on how Mary is co-redemptric. For over 500 years, the Catholic Church has said, "Mary has a part in your redemption. That's why they call her mother of God." Right? But just today, they resended that church. It's a weak, sad attempt to get the Protestants to shake hands with them and fellowship with them. I'm sorry. We're not going to the uh we're not going to bail porr. We're not going to gather up with Roman Catholics because that's only one lie. They got about 10 million more they got to get rid of. And the church said, &gt;&gt; they're just trying to win people over. They see what's happening after Charlie Kirk and they think there's some revival now. There might be a couple of people in there, but very few will find the road that leads to life. It might shake up some. Now, why you say that, brother Jess? Because the same thing happened at 911. People flocked into churches and what a few months later they flocked right out. The sheep and goats came in, the goats left. I'll say like that. But the same things happened. But one person did come in who was real sa saved. That was Simon Smith. And Simon Smith was my brother. Amen. And Simon Smith brought the message to me and we stayed. Hallelujah. We stayed. AND NOW WE PREACH THE GOSPEL of Jesus Christ. And not just preach it, brother Claw. We try to live it. Hallelujah. We by God's grace with all of our hearts we try to live it. Amen. So with C church we're just trying to live the word of God. Love the word of God. Now I'm just going to read a few quotes just to remind you. Brother Ram called his Bible uh the good oldfashioned Bible. Brother Ram said we have a solid foundation left and that's God's blessed holy word. The Bible. All heavens and earth will pass away but God's word will never pass away. And upon this rock God said I'll build my church and the gates of hell will not prevail against it. So, what a blessed privilege it is to all of us to reach over. Everybody reach over and get your Bible and know and I'm sorry, turn the pages back and know that we're reading directly truth. Let's say directly truth. Ready? Direct. You got directly truth right here. Well, what do I believe? Where do I go? Brother Jesse, what do I do? You got directly truth right here. Pick it up and read it. Praise God. Somebody asked me, they said, "Do you allow uh people to use phones and and Bibles at your church?" I said, "No, I don't. And if you do, I'll walk around. I'll whisper out to church and say, "No, please don't use a phone during church." Now, I do it for prayer requests, right? Or I'm looking up quotes. I use it as a tool. But the reason we don't is because we tried it in past and there's dings in the church. Dings and dings. Rod, I should have known better, but I wasn't raised in holiness, brother. So, forgive me. I wasn't raised in holiness. I didn't know better. But we let somebody try it off years ago at a different church, and it's ding ding ding. and they're trying to tell me they're going to get something out of church while there's ding-ding ding dings going off and you're being distracted from Jesus Christ. Get a book in your hand. Love the Bible. Love the word. Love the communion. Love the fellowship. GET ALONE WITH GOD. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; Set the phone down for just a few moments by God's grace and get alone with Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We're reading directly truth and see that these times happen in days gone by for it speaks of a historical God. And again, I'm not going to read all these, but I love a Bible. Brother Bram says, "The Bible's my textbook." Anybody going to school? I know I got some school guys over here. I tell you, you got a real good textbook by God's grace. Amen. You're going to get all the answers in here to the test. And guess what? There's a test tonight. There's a test tomorrow. Is that right, Brother Patrick? Amen. Is that right, school children? You're going to have a test right now. Hallelujah. Are you going to believe the word or not? &gt;&gt; Let's believe it. Amen. Brother Abraham said, uh, as doctrine, I don't have very much about that. Now, this was young. Earlier in his ministry, by the end, he had a lot of doctrine. I don't know the book too well, but I know the author real well, and that's the main thing. So, people would criticize brother Brandham. He couldn't quote all the scriptures, you know, tell you where to find it. So, brother would just use this humble little saying. Well, I don't I don't know the book too well, but I really know the author real well. [laughter] Glory. Amen. In other words, I can feel the voice of God. can hear the voice of the Holy Spirit. I get the uncction of the Holy Ghost, but I can't remember everything in the word. But I know Jesus Christ, the author, real well. &gt;&gt; How many want to be that way, too? Amen. I tell you, the best case scenario scenario is to know both, right? I want to know both. Really, just like brother Ram said, Brother Ram said, I'd rather have the right spirit uh than the uh and the wrong doctrine. Right. Then have the right doctrine and the wrong spirit. Right. That's true. I'd rather have the right spirit. Another spirit of love and grace and mercy. But at the same time, can't we have both, church? Let's have both tonight. I want the right spirit, the right doctrine. Hallelujah. And I want I I want I want to know the Bible real well. And I want to know Jesus Christ real well, too. I believe that's how we'll get, church. I believe that's how I'm getting. That's how you should be getting, too. You should know the word real well and the author real well, too. In other words, you're not going to let any of those deeds slip in there, right? Because that's the first step away. Now, that's outside of I mean, that's outside of like uh, you know, greed or lust or uh, you know, anger, roots of bitterness. Those are just things that you might see in the church. There's other things, too. Well, we want to stay away from all the deeds of the nickelans. And I love what he says here. I don't preach doctrine. Now, he did later. He said, I don't try to preach doctrine. I let that's up to those who like to do that. I have Christ as my head. The Bible's my textbook and the world's my church. Amen. Now, of course, we knew he preached a lot of doctrine later. He even says that. Now, the Bible is the absolute truth of God. Now, I'm going to skip past this. He just talks about the Old Testament. Uh but as long as it's the word, then I know that heavens and earth will pass away. But this word will never fail. Therefore, I believe the Bible to be the absolute truth of God. And it isn't to be added to or taken away, but just lived preached in its simplicity. live the way it's wrote. Hallelujah. And if God was ever God, he's still God. And if this is his word, he made a promise that he cannot back up, then he isn't God. In other words, God will back up his promises. Hallelujah. So, I want you to see that. Now, this is so important as you'll see. Brother Ram said it maybe hundreds of times. Don't add to the word. Don't take away from the word. Right? Because Jesus Christ said those words, right? We know that in the book of Revelation. Well, I don't know. Those are may may not be red letter words. I don't think so. Maybe they aren't. Anybody know? Okay. They're not. You're right. You're not. They're not. The last red letter words are surely I come quickly. Uh a verse right after that one. But those are those are John's those are John's testimony he got from the angel. But of course, the angel was sent by Jesus Christ. So, pardon me. Brother said, "There's many things I don't know. I'm finite. He's infinite. So the great infinite God and I, a finite man, there's many things that I desire that wouldn't be good for me to have. So I just trust him as my father to give me what's right. Now, this is really important. If anyone's going through struggles right now, this is really important. You can trust an infinite God. He already knew what you're going through right now. Hallelujah. Now, maybe I should have read above that. Some of these I should have read above. I've never seen anything that he promised, but what he would do it. That's right. I've asked him for things I didn't get, but I've never asked him sincerely for anything, but what he gave it to me or told me why he couldn't give it to me. So, church, we may not hear the voice of God. I've never heard a literal voice. I've just felt things here and I felt things drop down from heaven. I felt anointings come down on me, which is wonderful. God speaks to us in different ways. But, uh, the point that we want to make here is that by God's grace, God knows what's best for us. And we can trust God with whatever. And we'll say like this. After bad things happen, just wait a little while, you'll see why it had to happen. God will show you why. And if you just ask God, "Show me why this awful thing happened to me." Or, "Show me why I had to go through discouragement." God will show you why. Hallelujah. Many times, church, I think we go through things and they're actually repercussions of decisions we made, bad decisions that we forgot about. That's happened in my life. I've seen that. And uh you know sometimes church because God's merciful, right? He'll give us a time of repentance and everything like that. Uh and then maybe difficult things will happen, but we got to be able to accept if God's infinite, God knew what you're going through, so he'll still bring you through it. Okay? And if you ask God, ask God, ask God, God loves you. There's got to be a purpose. Maybe he hasn't told you, but he will tell you. Sometime now or later, sometime he will. Remember, throughout the ages, the Bible said he'll be showing you his kindness in every age. I'm talking about the future ages. I'm not talking about while you're alive on this earth. I'm talking about in heaven or we're talking about in the millennium or the future home. The Bible says for ages, he'll show here is my kindness. I was kind to you here. I was kind to you here. God has been extremely good to us. Brother said, "Go to the absolute the Bible." He said, 'D don't take some preachers's word and church, don't don't just just don't just take my word for it, some secretar's word, something else. You Protestants, go to the absolute until you're anchored there by the new birth, being born again and filled with the Holy Ghost, and you see the Bible being manifested in humility and love through your life. Oh, then that's your absolute. Other words, just don't take somebody's word for it. Brother Jesse's preaching about this, but I don't know. Go look if the Bible says it. If the Bible says it, that's your absolute. Amen. &gt;&gt; God will show you in humility that it's right. God will show you in his love it's right. Let's believe the Bible. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Brother said, "Any promise of the Bible becomes your absolute." If Christ is your absolute, you're tied to him in that manner. No matter what anybody says, how hard the persecution gets, how bad the storm seems to be, how it looks impossible for it to happen, if something has happened to you in that Christ becomes your absolute, or any promise in the Bible becomes your absolute. If you're sick and you're praying for healing or something becomes to that, strikes that promise in the Bible, I've got it. There's nothing going to wave you from it. Amen. So, in the midst of your trial, read your Bible. Open up your Bible. See what God might speak to your heart. See what God might inspire you to believe. And if that seems like it's the Holy Spirit, then hang on to it. God will bring you out of it. &gt;&gt; This is what brother Ram saying, the word. You got to have a promise for the absolute. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You got to go in your trial. Don't run to YouTube or don't run to Instagram in your trial. Run to the word of God. Hallelujah. Find the absolute. Find what thus sayith the Lord is. Find what the word of God says. Hallelujah. That'll be your answer. My absolute is the word, the Bible. Brother Ram says now, Brother Ram's giving he's answering questions of the deacons on how to handle tongues in uh u December 1963. It's a great message if you haven't listened to it. Now, I'm not trying to ser authority or something like that, but you see a man or anything with two heads, it doesn't know how to go. God never did have two heads to his church. He never did. It's one head. So, he's talking about a pastor. The pastor is the head. And God can't have two leaders. God calls one person to lead. &gt;&gt; And if you don't like it, go find another leader. Right. Right. Any church you're at, if you don't like it, you're you're you're welcome. Just go find another leader. But every sheep should have a pastor. I'm sorry. So, should have a shepherd. Right. Every sheep should have a pastor. That's what brother's saying here. Brother's like, "Well, I'm not trying to I'm not trying to take authority." He said, "But somebody's got to lead around here." Right? That's what I say. Uh, I didn't ask for this. Remember I said I didn't I didn't ask to be a preacher. Even when I was younger, I never thought I'd be a preacher. I didn't ask for this. I feel called for this. And all you husbands, right, someday you're going to be a husband, have a family, you're going to be the head, and then you're going to have to answer for all your decisions, right? The buck stops at you, Brother Brandham says. Right. The buck's got to stop at somebody, right? Somebody's got to make the rules. Hallelujah. So it can't be anybody else. It's got to be one person's got to lead it. So brother, that's what brother's saying. He always dealt in every generation as we study through the scriptures, there's always one individual that he deals with because you get two men, you got two opinions, but it's got to come to one final absolute. And my absolute is the word, the Bible. And as a pastor here in the church, my absolute is the word. And I know you brothers, you kind of look to me to be your absolute. As long, look at that. as long as I follow God. As Paul said, you follow me as I follow Christ. So, brother said, this is a scripture a pastor can take to pe the people, he can say, you follow me. I'm just f trying to follow Christ. But as I said, if I get outside the word, then don't take me. Take the word of God. I'm trying my best to feed the people, shepherd the people. Hallelujah. He says, "And then I'd expect you, brethren, at any time you see me get away from this scripture." What does he say? "Come to me privately and tell me where I'm wrong." Isn't that so humble, church? Now, how many how many uh Sister Beatus, how many pastors in Africa let you come to them and tell them when they're wrong. She's laughing right now, where they come from, not everywhere. I know we've had talks. That's why I'm kind of I'm joking with her. Right? I mean, in other words, some places they know you can't even talk to the pastor. I mean, it's just like nothing. You can't even touch him. But look how brother Ram's even a prophet of God, right? Like a Moses figure or something like a Paul figure. And yet, he's willing if you need to talk to me after church, even the janitor, the go the man or woman who scrubs the toilet. Um, brother Random, I think you got something wrong. Could I correct you on that? Sure, brother. Come on in here. Let's talk about it. But in some nations, you can't do that, can you, Sister Beatatrice? In some nations, you can't do that. They're just untouchable, right? Uh they they're almost like a god, a mini god. That's too bad. It's too bad. Brother said, "I don't care if you're the trustees of the janitor. If you disagree with me, I'm kicking you out of the church." Did I say that? Did I read that the right way? No, I didn't read that the right way, did I? I don't care if you're one of the trustees of the janitor. Whoever you are, your duty mount to me as a brother in Christ to tell me where I'm wrong scripturally. And if there's a question, let's sit down and solve it out together. &gt;&gt; See, face to face is so important. As a church, we've been preaching over the last few months. Matthew 18 is the reality. You got to you got to do that. You got to talk to them. Sit down face to face. That's the pattern brother established. That's what the Bible establishes. Jesus Christ established it first. We know. &gt;&gt; See that? And so brother's love for the Bible, he opened himself. I'll take correction from anybody because I love Jesus and I love the word and I want to be right. If I'm wrong, God help me. I want to be right. Hallelujah. And I love this. I love this series of quotes right here. This is so beautiful because you know, Brother Rod, people are saying today, "Brother Ram's tapes are the absolute or brother Brandham's the absolute." It's complete heresy. It's blasphemy. They're making Brother Ram equal to Jesus or some cases more because they they call brother Ram the greatest prophet ever. And they don't even say except for Jesus. They won't even say that. They're so deceived by the Antichrist deity spirit. That's how deceived these people are. But I love these quotes. I love how Brothers strings it together. There's only one. There's no other. So that takes away anything else. And God's absolute, God's own absolute is his word. I love this. I love this string of quotes. This is so beautiful. Now if he is our absolute there can be no other. You can't have say well my church is my absolute. Eve church we ARE NOT THE ABSOLUTE. BRIDE OF CHRIST FELLOWSHIP IS not the absolute. &gt;&gt; Oh that's a good healthy amen. I appreciate that. Brother Jesse Smith is not the absolute. &gt;&gt; Oh thank you church. I appreciate that. You've been learning. There's no other ABSOLUTE EXCEPT JESUS CHRIST. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; I'm going to fail. I'm going TO GET THINGS WRONG. EVERY PREACHER WILL. BUT JESUS CHRIST IS ALWAYS THE TRUTH. HALLELUJAH. HE IS THE WAY, THE TRUTH, and the life. My creed is my absolute. If Christ is your absolute, you believe Christ's word. &gt;&gt; There's no other way to do it. And that's what's the matter in the Christian faith today. We got too many traffic jams. Everybody making their own absolute. Brother, I was talking about overseas. And I've been to South America four times. Brother, they don't pay attention to the lights. When you're driving through the city, it's just the fastest person gets there. And you better slam on your brakes or you're going to get hit. Remember, brother or Yeah, you guys weren't there. Brother Dale told me he got in a huge car accident because that's how it was when he went over to Africa. They They're not going to stop. You either you're either the the head dog or you better hit your brakes. And church, every car has got scuff marks all over it because they get into all these scuffs. I've never seen anything like it. Sister Beers, have you seen it? Is that how they do it down in your city? Not so much. Okay, you're blessed. I've seen it. I I thought I was going to die a number of times. They're just I'm just everybody's zooming by, rushing, honking. So many traffic jams. It's unbelievable. Uh people and people die all the time. But everybody's making their own absolute. We got one absolute and that's the word of the living God. &gt;&gt; That settles it forever. No matter what anybody says, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; No matter what any man, any woman says, there's only one absolute. That's God's word. It's almost gotten a place like it was in the days of Judges. It is like that today. Everybody has their own absolute. But it all fails like the Pharaohs and so forth. But God's absolute is his word. What does he quote? Heavens and earth will pass away. But God's word will never pass away. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Amen. See, I want these young brothers to see. Patrick and Claude, I want you to see that. You young sisters that just got baptized, Genevie, I want you to see that there's only one absolute. If daddy's wrong, then pray for me. Forgive me, and help daddy to see that the word of God is right. In whatever topic I'm missing it on, it's God's word that's the absolute. God's word is the only thing that changes lives. The Bible says the word is what? life. &gt;&gt; The word is life. You're only going to get life by believing the word of God, eating it like honey, and speaking it out. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; So, we got one. We got one. There's no other. And it's God's absolute is the word. God's absolute is the word. Well, then how can it be tapes? Or how can it be brother Brandham when brother Brandham says, "I'm not infallible." See these tape worshippers, they only select the quotes they want and then they twist those. They forget all about the Bible, brother Rod. They're so deceived. They don't care about the Bible. They care about the quotes of Brother Random. And they twist them like that to their own shame. The Bible says to their own destruction. God's own word is as absolute. Praise God. Amen. I like this quote here. This is a beautiful quote. Check this out here. By God's grace, Abraham's talking about everybody has their own belief in America. But yet, not one jot or tit will pass from the law until every bit's fulfilled. That's every punctuation mark, every little dot on a letter. Every single thing will be fulfilled. And I believe Paul said, "If an angel from heaven would come and teach any other thing than what you've already been taught in this scripture, let him be accursed." Galatians 18, we read it on Sunday. So, I am a fundamental believer in the Bible. What the Bible says, I believe it. and I believe it's a truth and ready to hang my soul on any phase of the Bible or any sentence, whatever it might be that God's word is everlasting truth. It's inspired and written and we stay with it. He talks about the urum thumbum they had in the Old Testament. He said but today he said uh yeah he said but for today the word of God is our yurum and thumbum. So remember the ur thumb was the breastplate the high priest wore. And he went into the ark and if he spoke a word and asked God a question. If it was right, it would light up. The light of the Holy Ghost would reflect off the the the stones. At least according to historians. Doesn't actually say that in the Bible, just so you know. So in other words, they had a way to know what was the word of God. They would go ask God a question. It would shine yes or no. Brother Ram says we've got that today. Aren't you glad church? You got to ur them today. You can go to God in prayer and God will light make something shine on these pages. And not just because you highlighted it, although you might not highlight yours. Hallelujah. He said anything if a dreamer, prophet or preacher, anything teaches contrary to this Bible, it's wrong. Let it be a curse, but it must be built solely upon this word as thus sayith the Lord. And if this word is correctly set in order and taught by the minister, God solemnly under obligation to his son, amen, to answer that word and fulfill it. Now, that's the way I believe the Bible, I believe every word of it. Like I told that story last week, did you ever hear brother say that? The preacher come to him and remember he said, "Brother Ram, here's my new wife." Brother Bam's like, "Where happened to your old wife?" And she's got makeup on, short hair, short short skirt and everything. And brother said, "Oh, nice to meet you, sister." and she walked away and he said, "Brother Bam, did you like my wife? Uh, my new wife. She's quite a saint, isn't isn't she?" And brother Ram said, "I thought she was a haint." In other words, she's not a saint. And he's he's like, "Well, you're right. You know, she does break some of those standards." But but brother, I saw a dream and the dream Jesus took my my my old wife away from me and said, "Here, you can marry this one." Brother Ram said, "Now, that sounds really sweet, but the devil gave you that. I don't care what dream. I don't care what experience you got. The Bible said you're ch you're uh bound to that wife as long as you live. That was the devil disguised as an angel of light to get that man to break the word of God. Hallelujah. So be brother Ram said brother Ram said we must not put too much emphasis on these things. You only put emphasis on it when it goes back to the word of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Is that right? Amen. Now I love this quote. I made a video about this this week. Look how humble brother Random is. Look at this saints. Now, there may be times I not I may not be able to set it together. Now, let me just take this approach. What if I went up to a tape worshipper, brother Ram? I said, and uh I said, uh I would say tape boy, like he calls him, a tape boy, did brother Ram said every word correctly in order. He'd say, "Yes, sir, brother Jesse, just press play and obey." And then I'd show him this quote. [laughter] What do you think he'd say? He said, "Well, no, no. Uh, well, brother's a prophet of God and I believe every word, but look, I could trap him. Couldn't I trap him? Did Brother Brandham uh said every word correctly? Was Brother Ram a mortal man? Did he die and live? Yeah, but did could he said every word correctly? Oh, absolutely, brother Jesse. He's a prophet of God. I won't listen to you. You're a preacher. I only listen to tapes. Uh, what about this? Is this thus sayith the Lord? You say every word is thus sayith the Lord. If this is thus sayith the Lord, you don't believe what thus sayith the Lord. So you're not with the Lord. You're believing the Antichrist. There may be times I may not be able to set it together. Can I say the same for me church? There's going to be times your pastor I not I may not be able to set every word correctly together. And according to brother Brandham accord which is the Bible which brother's referencing the Bible no mortal man can place every single thing together because God waits for a time to reveal his plan. Right? And we are not on the same level as God. We are in infinitely lower. Brother says a million miles below God. Hallelujah. And I don't BELIEVE THERE'S ANY MORTAL man in the world can correctly set every word together. But we can only can as the Holy Spirit inspires us to do. Many times the Bible's contrary to our teaching. Look how humble brother Am saying I'm almost done here. Oh yeah. I better finish here. Yeah. Uh Now let me just go through this real quick. Just now we went through the deeds of nicolatans real quick. I I last or three years ago I preached on the doctrines of devils. The first uh three are all scriptural. Paul says mandatory celibacy. Roman Catholic church. Mandatory vegetarian diet. Well, that's Catholic Church when they go through their seasons of no meat or whatever. Uh the raptures passed. Okay, that's a that's a false doctrine. That's a doctrine of a devil. No fasting. Now, that's one somebody told me, I said, "Nonsense." Uh, turning the grace of God into lawlessness. Once saved, always saved. Everyone will go to heaven. Universalism. That's a doctrine of a devil. God always wants you healthy and wealthy. That's a doctrine of a devil. Now, we want we all want to be healthy and wealthy, but it may not be God's will. Uh, calling Brother Brandham and his followers the greatest of all time. That's a that's a newer one. That's of the devil. That's a doctrine of a devil. None of us ought to say who's the greatest of all time. Let God say it. Alls we know is the Old Testament greatest of all time. That's all we know. John the Baptist was greater than Moses. Imagine that. John the Baptist was greater than Enoch and Elijah who were raptured. Wrap your mind around that one. They got raptured. John got beheaded. John was greater than the boys that were raptured. The men, the godly men that were raptured. I didn't mean to say boys, but the godly men that were raptured. John was greater. They say rapturing faith is literally on brother Ram's tapes. Again, that's idolatry. That's a doctrine of the devil. Rapturing faith is in heaven and Jesus is going to send it down. Hallelujah. That's right. Amen. The Bible said he'll pour out the latter rain in James chapter 5. It's coming from heaven. It's not on your phone. Praise God. Is that right, church? And then lastly, they make a tradition out of the prophet's life. Right? Jesus said, "The very one you say you believe Moses will accuse you because you've turned down Moses's word." Right? You claim to be Abraham's children. If you are of Abraham, you do the works of Abraham. The very one they claim to let me say it like this. The very ones that follow Charles Finny, brother, right, in that church, Charles Finny will condemn them because of their homosexuality. Think about that. Oh, we were we're Charles Finny's church. It was a beautiful church, brother. Brother Roger gave me a great tour. Everybody needs to go there. It's a beautiful tour. But see, they claim to follow that. Now, the same thing is true for Luther Wesley, right? Isa Street. They claim all this, but the very ones they say they they believe they're contradicting their Bible teachings, and therefore they'll be condemned by them. They made a tradition out of Christianity when it's not a tradition. It's a living spirit. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. It's a living organism. Hallelujah. The the God's body is a living body. It's a living organism. The Holy Ghost is here inside the body of Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. All right, I better I better close here. Let me get on to this final thing. I'll close. Uh I'll do one more quote and then I'll just close. I got a couple Bible examples. I love this. Brother Ram says, "I like to see everything come out of the Bible." This is such a beautiful This is such a beautiful truth. Look at this here. Everybody listening here now? Give me Give me your attention here. I'm almost there. I love this. So, the Bible is perfectly true and that's what we said on the Bible. It must be thus sayith the Lord. Now, I love this. Now, we do believe God can do things that's not written this word, do we not? I believe God can do anything. Doesn't have to be written in this word. God can do anything he wants other than sin, right? Do things that against his nature because he's God. He does whatever he wishes. But yet, so even think even even recognizing that yes, God is so great. He can do things outside of here. But yet, I love this. I like to see anything when it comes in a line of doctrine. He says, "Come out of the Bible." God can do things outside the Bible, but I want to see it, Brother Rod. Come out of the Bible. Is that right, Sister Quesa? Amen. I'm just calling names here. Is that right, BROTHER MERCY? GOD COULD do things out of here, but if he's going to do it, I want to see it in the word. Praise God. You know why? Because then I got a place to stand. It's not just well brother had a feeling sister had a feeling sister had a dream that brother spoke in tongues that one interpreted that one did a miracle remember blood and oil came out brother said he met the man who saw that preacher uh have the syringe and bring blood out of his hands and then he had a table he dip his hands in oil there in the 1960s and tried to pretend he had blood and oil coming out of his hands to try to uh impress the people like he was something spiritual brother said you can't trust in that you don't find blood and oil on people's hands in the Bible. So, don't trust in it. DON'T BE DECEIVED. TRUST IN the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit will direct you to the word of God. Amen. Oh, I love it. But yet, God can do things outside the Bible. But yet, the Bible's the full revelation of Jesus Christ. The Bible said that's what it is. It's the revelation of Jesus Christ. Nothing is to be added to it or taken away from it. Now, how can these people say brother Ram made a prediction that he thought the world would be destroyed by 1977? How can they say that's thus sayith the Lord? It's not even in the Bible and then it didn't even happen. And brother Ram said it's not the Lord saying that. This is just my own opinion. And yet 1977 is not in the Bible. So how can you add that to the Bible and make it equal to the Bible? Nothing's to be added to it and nothing taken from it. So, I like to stay right in what it says and what it promises. If he just do what he promised, that's all I care to see anyhow, then I know I'll see him. Oh, church. If he just does what's in here, won't you be happy about that? Praise God. &gt;&gt; Lord, just do what's IN HERE. JUST LAY HANDS ON the sick uh and they'll recover. Just speak in tongues and prophesy and interpret and all these things and raise up the dead. Let the blind see. JUST DO THAT IN HERE AND I'LL BE HAPPY WITH IT. Praise God. Hallelujah. Now, in closing, let me close with this. I'm just going to close with two Bible examples. You've been a wonderful audience. Just briefly. Now, church, I'm going to end with a king who loved the word and a prophet who loved the word. Remember church, what happened in the days of Hezekiah. Hezekiah was almost a thousand years after Moses. Moses saw all his people rebelling. And God said, "Go get a serpent, right? Uh, make it brazen. Make a brass serpent. Put it up on the pole." And it was in the shape of a cross. Hallelujah. And God said, "Anybody who's bitten by the snakes, just look and you'll be healed. Look and live." The Bible says, there's a beautiful song on it from the old days. Look and live, my brother. Live. Look to Jesus now and live. That's according to the word. Hallelujah. It is only that we look and live. Hallelujah. So Moses held that up. If there's two million people in the church and they're all bit by snakes, how many got healed? Maybe a million. Maybe hund maybe 750,000. Who knows? Many died also. But anybody who looked at that, they lived. Now the Bible never records after that moment. The Bible never records that anybody got healed looking at that serpent again. But it became a tradition. They started using it and and the Bible said in the days of Hezekiah, it became an idol. So what would a godly man like Hezekiah do? When he sees something that was supposed to be good be used for evil, what do you think he did? Think about that. What did he do to that brass serpent? How many How many remember by God's grace? He took that thing. He didn't kiss it like the Catholics kiss their statues. Think about that, church. He did not kiss that that that brass serpent. Oh, I love you. And oh, because of you, my million people were healed just looking at you. I love this. Oh, I feel tingles when I touch it. Bunch of nonsense. It's idolatry. Right. The people they got into idolatry. The Bible said he broke in pieces the brass serpent that Moses had made. You say, "OH, DON'T TOUCH THAT, HEZEKIAH. That's the prophet of gods. That's that's his actual staff. Don't touch it." And Hezekiah said, "You guys are worshiping it. You've made this your focus instead of the Lord God." So, he took it and broke it. And he just didn't break it in half like a Bo Jackson kind of break on the baseball bat. He stomped it and break it into all these pieces. In other words, you're not going to rebuild this idol. You're not going to make this your idol. You're going to worship God. You're going to trust in God, not in an object for healing. You're going to make God your object of worship. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; HE LOVED GOD SO MUCH, HE TOOK WHAT was then idol and broke it in pieces so nobody could get it anymore. And church, that's how you'll know you love God. When you when you see the idols in your life and you destroy them for the glory of God, that's how you know you'll get down to business with God. That's how you'll know that you'll do what's right in the sight of God. That's how you'll know when you trust in God. And there'll be nobody like you at your job. Right, Malachi? Right, Mercy? Right, brother Chris? There'll be nobody like you at your job if you take all the idols and break them up. I'll say like this. There'll be not many churches like our message church if we break up the all the idols around the message which I'm getting to be in a real good habit of doing that. Making all these videos with each video I'm stomping more and more on their idols of brother Brandham is absolute and the tapes are the absolute and all these false ideas they hatched out of hell. I'll say it like that. They come from demons. Hallelujah. And all these demons ideas they got to be stomped and broken to pieces. So, I'll say this, God's people won't be even uh tempted to look at them. They'll look to God alone. And church, that's how you'll cleave to God. Who wants to cleave to God? That word cleave means glue. You're going to do what's right. Right. So, what he didn't put glue on the the brass serpent. He put put glue between him and God. Amen. How do you do that? Break up any idol. Anything that's tempting you, crush it. Stomp it. break it into a hundred pieces or whatever more. Hallelujah. Get rid of it. Show God that you mean business with him. That shows you love him. And then God will honor you. And then church, look, you will be prospered in wherever you go. If you can break up and destroy the idols in your life. And the church said, brother Ram said, "Many times people stray away and they make an idol out of the very thing God has ordained." Look at the brass serpent. Did you know the prophet, now look what brother said, "This isn't thus sayith the Lord." Brother said, "The prophet had to tear that serpent to pieces." Did a prophet break that into pieces? No. The king did. So again, just another proof, brother Rod, that these people are insane. They say, "Every word is thus sayith the Lord." A prophet didn't break into pieces. It was King Hezekiah. Why? Because the people were worshiping the serpent and they made an idol out of it. Do you believe you can do that today? You can make an idol out of your church. Now, church is important, but don't make this an idol. Well, I'm only saved as long as I go to this church. It's an idol. You can make an idol out of your pastor, but I know nobody does that because you see all my failures. [laughter] Hallelujah. I'm not that I'm not that uh perfect. So, Now, John the Baptist was though, remember he said, "Are you the They said, "Are you the Christ?" He was so much like Jesus. They And but that's that's one of the highest compliments you can get where when people start calling you Jesus or some like you are you're the Christ. John was so much like Christ that they confuse Christ for John. John, what did John say? No, I'm not. I'm not even worthy. There it is. I'm not even worthy to lose his shoes. Hallelujah. You can make idol out of your church, out of your pastor. You can make an idol out of an evangelist. And I'm afraid that that's what a whole lot it's being done. They idolize the man. Like I told you years ago, the saint uh the saint would always say, "Oh, brother Digs is coming to town. I better get my life in order. Why don't you get in order while the pastor is preaching? Why don't you just live in order?" What What was she doing? She's making an idol out of that evangelist. Oh, I don't want to get caught in my sin. Why don't you just confess your sin every day so you don't got to get caught? What are you What are you afraid of? Like why would you hold on to sin until the preacher comes in town? Jesus is in town. AMEN. JESUS NEVER LEFT TOWN. AMEN. JESUS IS HERE. SEE, it's so easy. Well, I'll get right with God when the rapture is going to come. You won't be ready. It'll be too late. Let's be ready now. And last one. Yeah. He Hezekiah loved the word more than he loved the tradition of the message churches. That was just the tradition of the master churches. I'm sorry I'm going long. Last one. Musician musician's going to come. Let's stand. I love this. This is a prophet of God. How do we know Peter loved Jesus? Because he dedicated the rest of his life to feeding the sheep. Three times Jesus asked Peter, "Do you love me?" What if I asked you that tonight, Brother Chris? Do you love me, brother? You say, "Yeah, brother Chris, do you love me?" I ask him twice. Yeah, brother Jess. Yeah. Well, Chris, do you love me? [laughter] Think about that. I mean, how would you feel if three times somebody has to ask you if you love them? So, you know why? Because Peter denied him three times. And Jesus never wanted him to forget. Remember, you failed. But you don't have to fail from here on out. Amen. I'm going to SEND YOU THE HOLY GHOST. HALLELUJAH. PRAISE GOD. GO UP AND WAIT in Jerusalem TILL YOU'RE ENDUED WITH POWER FROM ON HIGH. He said, "If you love me, feed my sheep. If you love Jesus, church, feed somebody else. Now, you that are married, you got a good opportunity to do that, don't you? You sisters can feed your husbands. Right? You fathers can feed your children, your brothers and sisters, too, brother. That's right. That's right. God bless you. You show Jesus your love for him by feeding other people. Right. Beatress by holding l. That's how you show Jesus you love him, right? be there for somebody else, right? Love somebody other than yourself. Because remember the temptation of this day, they were lovers of their own selves more than lovers of God. Church, find somebody to show the love of Jesus Christ. Aren't you glad the pro the prophet uh Peter loved the word of God? Amen. Let's bow our heads. [snorts] Lord, I am glad Peter loved you. Hallelujah. He loved you so much. He was crucified upside down apparently by history. He fed the the the sheep the word of God. He wrote those two beautiful letters. Talked about the statue of perfect man, persecution. Judgment begins at the house of God. Hallelujah. Thank you, [music] Jesus. He even said, Paul's scriptures are hard to understand, but he believed them. Lord Jesus, let the people here under the sound of my voice, may [music] they, Lord, feed someone else, either physically or spiritually, Lord God, may they find someone to love and feed. [music] That will prove how much they love Jesus. Taking care of someone else, putting their own needs in the back seat behind the scenes. As we said on [music] Sunday, help us all to put our plans and our dreams, our desires, our selfish ambitions behind the scenes so that we can feed somebody else. I think of these mothers nursing right now. They're probably feeding another one right now. Lord God, doing just what you said. If you love me, feed my sheep. Feed those little babies. Peter, if you love me, preach the word. Lord, I believe you'd say, "Pastor Jesse, if you love me, feed the word [music] to my people." Lord, I've tried to do that tonight. Lord God, I love these stories of your men of God down through the ages, how they love the word. Lord, help us to love the word. Help us to meditate upon the word, believe every word, take every dream and vision back to the word of God to make sure we're [music] right with you, Lord God. May we not make an idol out of money, Lord, or sexuality, Lord God, or greed or possessions, Lord God, or our church or anything, Lord God. May we have no idols. May we just have the King of Kings and Lord of Lords. May we have our Lord God Almighty, which was and is and is to come. And Lord, help these people who are deceived into worshiping the tapes. And brother Brandham, God, I just pray you'd call all out. Come out of her, my people. May you bring your people out of such [music] nonsense, heresy, and blasphemy, from these doctrines of devils, these doctrines that were hatched out of hell. Lord, I just pray you'd call your true elect ones out, Lord God. And thank you that we have one absolute. There's no other. It's God's absolute. It's your absolute, the Holy Bible. Help us to believe a promise if we're going through a storm. Give us grace and strength [music] tonight. I pray. We bless your people, Lord. May they love the Bible more after tonight. I pray, God, help us all to love the Bible more after tonight. Every word is thus sayith the Lord, just to know thus sayith the Lord. [music] What a blessing how we can prove it over and over again. So [music] God, we thank you, Lord. Thank you for hearing our prayers tonight in Jesus Christ's name. And the church said, "Amen." And praise God.
