################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-16 - (10-15-25) Watchers and Destroying Angels - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-16
Title:   (10-15-25) Watchers and Destroying Angels - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhsYnxS8iuM
========================================

Daniel chapter 4. I want to preach on watchers and destroying angels tonight. I think this is part five in the series, but I'm not really putting numbers on it uh on the YouTube. So, Daniel chapter 4, this is the chapter of the king's proclamation, Nebuchadnezzar's proclamation, and the tree vision of Nebuchadnezzar. And the tree vision is interpreted and then fulfilled where Nebuchadnezzar is out of his uh kingdom for seven years. We all remember the Daniel uh play by sight and sound. That was phenomenal. So we learn in this chapter of a new kind of an angel which I never I mean I read the Bible numerous times but I never quite caught that this was a different kind of angel as far as I understand now. But let's just read uh verse 13. Daniel 4:13. And there could be some overlap. Again, this is a minor topic. This not a major topic. So, if I'm wrong on something, you just forgive me and pray that God will reveal it to to me or or or talk to me after service and tell me how maybe something a little deeper in the word of God that I could understand. But, uh, this is just a beautiful topic. I love the topic of angels. Praise God. Reminds us of his presence, how how close he is, how near he is to us. Amen. So Daniel 4:13, let's look at watchers and destroying angels tonight. If you're there, say amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's just read uh verse 13. Then we'll have a short word of prayer here tonight. Daniel 4:13. Let's hear your voices. Let's read that on three. 1 2 3. I saw in the visions of my head upon my bed, and behold, a watcher and an holy one came down from heaven. If you have a need on your heart, let's make a known to God. God, let's have one more word of prayer. Father God, we're thankful for tonight. Lord, we just ask, God, that your Holy Spirit would anoint the word of God. Help me to get out of your way, Lord God. I've done this many times, but every time I still need your your help, Lord, greatly. I greatly need your help because I'm a man and I battle. I need your grace, and I want to surrender. I want to be a true servant, Lord, just like all the servants down through the age, Lord God, that you'd help me rightly divide the word of truth and you'd anoint me, God, for this time and season of the lives of the saints here in Akran, Ohio. So, Father, we'll give you thanks and praise, Lord God. Let your will be done here and speak your truth through me and hear through them and through me as well. Lord, I want to hear their truth and I want to have a revelation of this. So, bless your people. Hallelujah. And bless the birthday saints for this month. Lord, and bless the guest minister, Brother Dale, as he comes here on Sunday. We look forward to meeting him and his wife. Lord, may this be the start of another wonderful friendship. We ask all these blessings in Jesus Christ's name. And the saints said, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you as you're being seated. Praise God. Amen. So, we want to look at this here uh with this watchers here and uh trust it be a blessing to you in a little bit. I'll have a a visual in just a little bit and I want to show a visual here uh by the grace of the Lord. Now, we're in Daniel chapter 4. Again, uh familiar book for most of us here. Daniel is very prophetic uh just like John and Ezekiel. And brother Brandham gave us revelations in both of these books. tremendous revelations especially regarding the book of revelation. Uh but let's just read here uh on the watchers again here. Uh I got a couple notes I want to reference here. Now again watchers could be a separate type of an angel or they could be perhaps a cherubam or something like that. Now we know they're definitely not seraraphims because they're never talked about in this chapter about bringing any fire down from God. And remember last time I looked at this, you know, the seraraphim could also be ceiling angels as well. They could be, but I don't know for sure. So, at this time, I think I got seven or eight different eight different angels uh that could possibly be or there could be less. But we know as far as the number there's there's innumerable number of angels. Hallelujah. So, let's look at again verseh 13. I saw in the visions of my head upon my bed, and behold, a watcher and an holy one came down from heaven. That's what Jesus taught us. They ascend and descend. Right? Verse 14. And he cried aloud and said, "Thus, hew down the tree and cut off his branches. Shake off his leaves and scatter his fruit. Let the beast get away from under and the fowls from his branches." So this is speaking of a tree, but we know it's actually King Nebuchadnezzar because men are likened under trees, right? And this is from uh becoming familiar to me again. Remember Joseph's dream of the baker and the butler? Weren't they trees? I could be wrong on that. I could be wrong on that, but if they were then maybe remember the birds came upon their heads, brother Chris. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, I Yeah, that was part of his uh the dream of Pharaoh. But there was a one of the dreams of the butler and baker as well. So that that's uh that's that's more dreams in Genesis, which is good. Yeah, that's okay, brother. That's totally fine, brother. So I was I just thought of that now about men as trees. So anyways, let's go to verse 15. Nevertheless, leave the stump of his roots in the earth, even with a band of iron and brass in the tender grass of the field, and let it be wet with the dew of heaven, and let his portion be with the beast in the grass of the earth. Verse 16, let his heart be changed from man's, and let a beast heart be given unto him, and let seven times pass over. This is an amazing story. God takes the human spirit out of Nebuchadnezzar and gives him a beast spirit for seven times. Times are years, right? So seven times is seven years. Verse 17, this matter is by the decree of the watchers. Notice they're watchers, right? So there's more than one watcher. So there's a certain type of angel that's called a watcher. Or again, it could be a cherubam. Uh not not certain. And the demand by the word of the holy ones. Again, holy ones would be angels. to the intent that the living may know that the Most High ruleth in the kingdom of heaven and giveth it to whomsoever he will and setth it up over I'm sorry setth up over it the beast of men. Hallelujah. So this was all done to show Nebuchadnezzar that God places the leaders on the earth. Right? So who placed Joe Biden as president? It was God. Who placed Donald Trump and Barack Obama? each one. God allowed them to be there, &gt;&gt; right? Either for good or for evil, right? It's God. God does this. But then God sends down decrees from heaven through watchers. And he makes decrees. Okay? Now, I'm going to go down uh uh further. Let's go down to verse 20. Let's go down to 22 and 23. It is thou, king, thou art grown and become strong. This is Daniel giving the interpretation. For thy greatness has grown and reachth unto heaven and thy dominion to the end of the earth. And whereas the king saw a watcher and a holy one come down from heaven and saying, "Huewe down the tree, I'm sorry, he the tree down and destroy it, yet leave the stump of the roots thereof in the earth, even with a band of iron and brass in the tender grass of the field, and let it be wet with the dew of heaven, and let his portion be with the beast of the field, till seven times pass over him." Okay, so those are the three times church. As far as I can find, there's only three times the word watcher appears as angel and it's all in this chapter. So they're from heaven. They're called watchers. They're called holy ones. And they execute God's decree on earth in bringing humility to Nebuchadnezzar. &gt;&gt; So remember, God's the same yesterday, today, and forever. So if God was going to humble a leader on earth or something, he might use a watcher. They might see an angel. They would see an angel, right? and it would they would have some decree or some dream and that would bring a temporary judgment on them for a humility purpose. &gt;&gt; Okay? Because remember he's the same yesterday, today and forever. That's why we said with saraphims if one seraphim came to Isaiah, well then it's likely seraraphim could go to another believer and the Holy Ghost fire could clean out their mouth, right? They could get an anointing from an angel and now they could speak for God because their mouth has been cleaned out. And the church said, &gt;&gt; "So, because he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. There's not just one saraphim. There's saraphims. There's not just one watcher. There's watchers. There's not just one cherub. There's cherubims." Hallelujah. There's not one archangel, there's uh princes. Right? The other word is princes. Right? Archangels could be princes as well. So, we see there's more than one of each of these. Hallelujah. Okay. So, we see the watcher there. Now that's all I have for watchers because that's just the three scriptures on watchers. Hallelujah. So let's go to destroying angel here. Now this would be the uh the eighth and final type of angel and we want to read a couple examples here uh by God's grace. So let's go if we could uh to let's go to 2 Samuel 24:16. And you can pull it up there when you're ready, but everybody can turn there. 2 Samuel 24:16. Now remember this was from uh David's time. Now remember I preached on David a couple times this year uh and one of those wonderful to me it was a small revelation but it was a revelation that Satan moved David to number the people and God allowed it in order to punish the people. So both both groups were guilty. David was guilty of sin pride right and then the 70,000 were guilty of something as well. We don't know what. But God had to bring a punishment on both of them. A temporary chastisement. So God allowed Satan to tempt David to number the people. He did. And then when he did, uh, the Bible said a destroying angel came down. Now, think about that, church. There's angels that are sent to destroy, but thank God, there's angels that are sent to save. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. So, see, the angels have different priorities and jobs, right? Some just destroy men. Others seal men until the day of their redemption. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, the angels, they're just, they don't have a choice, right? God just assigns them. You're destroying, you're sealing. You're watcher. You're a ministering spirit angel. God just gives them all their assignments. And thank God, they carry everything out the right way. &gt;&gt; They're faithful servants. Hallelujah. They're holy. They've never sinned before. Praise God. And they will do the will of God. they will be a messenger for God Almighty. But this angel comes out and he stretches out his hand upon Jerusalem to destroy him. And then the Lord repents him of the evil and said to the angel that destroyed the people, "It's enough. Stay thou stay thou thine hand." Now notice he just stretches out his hand and he was going to destroy the entire city just with his hand. So church, we see all these X-Men movies, right? And they got things coming out of their hands. What is that? That's a perversion, right? Because God has literal angels that can stretch out their hand and destroy entire cities. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So this is the power of God on display that we see here by God's grace. He said, "Stay now thine hand." And the angel Lord was by the threshing place of Aruna, the Jebusite. Now, let's look at a parallel passage. 1 Chronicles 21:15. Hun 1st Chronicles 21:15. Here's a parallel passage. And God sent an angel into Jerusalem to destroy it. And as he was destroying, the Lord beheld. He he repented him of the evil and said to the angel that destroyed it, it is enough. Stay thou in hand. And the angel stood by the threshing for of Ornan the Jebusite. Hallelujah. So we see a parallel passage. Now also in the passage, I don't have it in front of me, but the Bible said the angel was above the city. So the angel's just hovering over the city. He stretches out a hand and people start dying. The record was 70,000 from previous uh verses. 70,000 men die from one angel. Hallelujah. Now, that's not the most recorded in scripture. The most was in the days of Hezekiah, which I mentioned, I think, a couple weeks ago, but let's read that. 2 Kings 19:35. As far as I'm aware, the largest number of men killed by one angel was almost 200,000. Right? It's 185,000 here. And it came to pass that night that the angel Lord went out and smoke in the camp of the Assyrians 104 score and 5,000. And when they arose early in the morning, behold, they were all dead corpses. That's more than the population of Akran, Ohio. Brother Chris, &gt;&gt; um I don't remember, brother. I don't I don't think so. I think that this was a separate destroying angel. I'd have to read the entire context. I'm not sure, brother. That's a good question. It's a great question. I recorded it as a destroying angel. So, but I didn't record all the details fully. So, good great question, brother. Great question. I don't know. Now, look at that. 185,000 in one spot. You got 70,000 in another spot. So, would it be would it be hard at all for God uh to destroy people? Uh we'd say at the battle of Armageddon, would it be hard at all for God to burn the earth over and start it again? No. It's so simple, right? God's so powerful. He gives that angel that much power. He just stretches out his hand. 70,000 die. Another one, uh, he just stretches out his hand over the army. Almost 200,000 die. God. In other words, God is not afraid of any of our enemies. Hallelujah. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. And then again, church, if anything bad would happen to us, you have to trust God that God allowed it. &gt;&gt; Right. But we also have to know if we're in distress, cry out to God. Because if God can take care of 185,000, God can take care of our enemies as well. &gt;&gt; Whether they physical or spiritual, God can deliver us from whatever the problem is. It just gives us such a confidence in God that God can do anything. God can do whatever he wants. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's so it's so wonderful. It's such a blessing to know that he with one angel, he can just knock off almost 200,000. Probably more than that he could if he wanted to. So, now we've been through eight angels, church. Eight angels, at least by different titles in the King James version. Hallelujah. Now, here's what I want to finish with. Uh, because I'm already talking about finishing. I got a half hour to finish here. By God's grace, actually made a really good time today. So, if you can switch over, hun, I'm going to pull up uh this. I want to go through this visual and then we'll go through uh I want to review this here because I want to go through the angels uh the the most important angel movements in the book of Revelation. Okay. Now, it's been a while. Uh I don't remember the last time I showed this. Um but I I think I made this last January. I I did I spent some time I did an updated version of this and this is one I was criticized for online because I believe the tribulation's seven years. Now, let me just say it plainly. I understand why they criticize me because if you listen after the seals, Brother Ram just says three and a half all the time. Okay? So, just make that clear. I understand why people criticize me. And I understand why. If you look after the seals, it's always three and a half. But if you look from Daniel 70 weeks, it was four times. He said it was seven years. Now, and the reason why I stay with the seven years is because when I do the calculations of Daniel 70 weeks, it looks like there's still seven years left. And since I got quotes on it, and since the math lines up for me, I go with those quotes. But I know the majority quotes say three and a half years, I understand that. But also, there's that quote. Brother Random says, "The math was perfect in Daniel uh Daniel 70 weeks, 1961." So, he said, "The math is perfect. There's seven years left for Israel. So, so I'm on the side of less quotes, but I believe I'm also on the side of the correct math. But church, what would Brother Ram say? Brother Ram would say, "It doesn't matter. It wouldn't hurt because it's on the other side of the rapture." &gt;&gt; Because I just showed you that quote. Hallelujah. He said, "Most of these questions are after the rapture." So, he says, "It doesn't matter anyway. It wouldn't hurt if we disagree anyway." But again, I agree with Brother Brandham from that sermon 1961. I know he changed his mind, but I agree with that sermon. Okay? So, just so you know, I sometimes I do I do accept criticism. I I I understand why people would criticize me. I understand that, right? So, I accept that. That's fine. And I don't want to be mean to them. I just want to be loving by God's grace. So, uh the first event is the rapture of the bride. Okay? We have the scriptures on them. Once the bride goes up, God cuts off the gentile branch and he grafts in Israel. Hallelujah. There uh Israel is grafted back into the holy tree. Okay. Next uh and then this and then this time period is called Jacob's trouble or the sixth seal. All right. Now, the first half of the 70th week is basically the torment ministry of Moses and Elijah. Now, the reason I use torment is because the Bible uses that word &gt;&gt; in Revelation chapter 11. I'm trying to use Bible words as much as possible. Okay. And that's three and a half years. The Bible tells us the exact number of days, 1,260. And there's no rain in at least in at least in Jerusalem during that time or Israel as far as that time. I don't know how far it extends. But the Bible said they cause it not to rain during the days of their prophecy. So, it's going to get really dry again, right? And then they're able to turn the water to blood like Moses. So, no rain like Elijah, water to blood like Moses. So, it's probably the two prophets are Moses and Elijah. Now, Brother Ram says in 1961, it's either those two men or men with their spirits. Okay? But we don't know for sure. We don't have thus sayith the Lord. So, we don't know if it's those men or not. They asked Brother Ram in 1964. They said they said, "Are those men on the earth right now?" Brother Ram said, "Definitely not." So, I don't know what I don't know what he he knew to say that. It wasn't thus sayith the Lord, but it's just a striking statement. Okay. Now, right after the rapture, the Pope makes a seven-year covenant with Israel. Now, they just made peace now, but church, I don't know if that's going to last. I doubt that's going to last, right? Trump tried to make some peace with Israel and uh Hamas this week. Who knows? I don't know. Alls we know is the Bible said all the nations are going to come up against Israel at the end of the tribulation period &gt;&gt; and Jesus is going to send out of heaven and destroy them with the sword of his mouth. Okay, that's all we know. Now, uh, third, the temple's going to be rebuilt and there's going to be animal sacrifices. Now, I came across a good scripture. Let me look it up real quick. I think I I think I shared this with everyone. Um, you know, I've always thought we have to have the temple in order to uh sacrifice animals, but that's not true. If you got your Bible, get Ezra 3:6. If you have your Bible, go to Ezra 36. And I just want you to read this here. Ezra 3:6. This this verse I just read it a few months ago. In fact, it was uh July 30th. I got the email. I sent I always send emails to myself when I have good ideas or fresh ideas. Ezra 3:6, from the first day of the seventh month began they to offer burnt offerings unto the Lord. But the foundation of the temple was not uh sorry, temple of the Lord was not yet laid. So what do we learn from this? We learn from this God let Israel kill animals before they had the temple even built. So if he's the same yesterday, today, and forever, he can allow that again here at the end time. So church, if we hear that Israel sacrifice animals, praise the Lord. That's not the sign of the rapture. We don't we don't know if the rapture is going to uh I don't know if the rapture is going to be before they sacrifice animals, before they build the temple, or after. We don't know, right? We don't know for sure. But we do know that God accepted them in Ezra 3:6. Even when they didn't have a temple, they were still sacrificing animals. &gt;&gt; Okay? Now, I remember who it was. There was a woman in the message who told me they can't sacrifice animals without the temple. She's wrong according to this verse. She's a sweet woman. She's visited this church before. But I'd have to disagree. She's not from this state. Okay. All right. Now, number four. Now, I believe shortly after this, once they get their animal sacrifices going again in the temple, then Jesus will reveal himself and he'll seal the 144,000 Jews. Now, the reason I place this theory, I used to think it was later. The reason I place it there is because uh if the mark of the beast is laid down before that, then the Jews would have to take the mark of the beast because you either take it or you die. So, that's why I believe the 144,000 got to be sealed before the mark is laid down. Okay. Uh number five, then the trumpets 1 through six sound and the first woe. That's what I believe. Because once once they're sealed, once the Jews are sealed, then God, remember as we'll read, then God can pour out the vials. I'm sorry, the I'm sorry, the trumpets. I'm sorry, the trumpets. I'm sorry. Let's read that. Let's go to Revelation 7. You got your Bible? Revelation 7 1, two, and three. Revelation 7 1, two, and three. And after these things, I saw four what? Angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any trees. Think about that. God places angels uh at the corners of the earth in order to keep the winds of strife and winds of war from blowing on the earth. &gt;&gt; Angels are holding back the judgments of God. How gracious God is to this earth. Hallelujah. Verse two, and I saw another angel ascending from the east having the seal of the living God. So here, is this a seraraphim or is this a sealing angel? I don't know, but it's so wonderful. God sends angels with a portion of the Holy Ghost for the Jews to get born again. &gt;&gt; He sends angels. Hallelujah. And he cried with a loud voice to the four angels to whom it was given to hurt the earth and the sea, saying, "Hurt not the earth, nor the sea, nor the trees, till we have sealed the servants of our God in their foreheads." So, these are hurting angels. These four angels placed around the earth, they're hurting, pardon me, they're hurting angels or destroying angels. &gt;&gt; And they can't hurt the earth until the Jews have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So, that's why I placed it right there. They have to be born again. Then, once they're born again, I believe God will protect them. Remember, because the Bible said, remember the Bible said Revelation 12, that's right. She goes out in the wilderness and she's hidden from the beast, right, for three and a half years. Amen. Hallelujah. So there it is. I I just caught that. Now I hadn't caught that before. Okay, now you got that. Now, uh, now here's what I believe. Once those trumpets sound, I believe that's the sudden destruction after the peace and safety cry from 1 Thessalonians 5:3. There's the sudden destruction, right? Because it looks like, well, there's there's no rain. all the uh their ant the Jews have the temple but all of a sudden sudden destruction that first trumpet is blown and the destruction starts coming okay that's what I believe now I could be wrong again I'm just reviewing this to you uh I'm sorry for you and for me now that would be the first three and a half years the major events not all events but the major ones that I know of the second half of the 70th week uh would be the seven vials and Armageddon and of course you have a couple more uh you have the seventh trumpet as well. The seventh trumpet is the very last thing right out here. We'll see. So now for the second half of the week, the first event is the death and rapture of Moses and Elijah or two men with their spirits, which also is the second woe. That earthquake in Jerusalem is the second woe. Okay? Uh and then the pope will break the covenant with Israel, right? Breaks the covenant after three and a half years. And then the abomination of desolation is set up 30 days later. So 30 days after the pope breaks the covenant, he's going to go into the Jewish synagogue and sit in the temple of God claiming that he is God. I wonder if he'll even sit on the mercy seat. I wonder, right? Because he's sitting on some throne. What's the throne of God? The mercy seat. &gt;&gt; So I don't know if he'll literally sit on there or not, but the Bible said he'll sit in the temple of God claiming that he is God. He exalt himself above anything that's called God or worshiped. So, he's going to be like uh God uh Satan on earth, but he's going to try to be God on earth, but he's really Satan on earth. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, uh number nine, the mark then the mark of the beast is laid down. So, that's the way I believe it works out. Now, I could be wrong, but once he's seen that temple, then I believe he can lay his mark down &gt;&gt; and start trying to kill everybody that disagrees with him. Okay? And then the vows one through five will be poured out. And then the six vows poured out. It dries up Euphrates. So the kings of the earth can come to Jerusalem. And I and someone shared, it might have been Austin or Chris, someone shared that, maybe it was Lydia, somebody shared an article that the Euphrates is already drying up. The water level is seriously going down already. It's a prefigure getting ready for the tribulation. But here in the tribulation, it completely dries out. And and again, remember uh uh the prophets are going to have the power to make it rain, not for three and a half years. So I don't know how much that will affect the river Euphrates. Now the 12th event would be the great horse judged by the seventh vial by Russia. Brother Ram says, "Thus say the Lord, Russia will drop atomic bomb on the Vatican and destroy it." And the Bible said her destruction comes in one hour, right? So we know it couldn't be oldfashioned horses and chariots and all these things. It's got to happen in one hour, right? One hour. Now this is what I believe. I believe Los Angeles sinks by this mighty earthquake during that time as well because there's a there's a mighty earthquake when the seventh vial hits and I believe that's the mighty earthquake that will break off uh California off the the the continental USA. Now I could be wrong but that's just my thought. I'm just trying to place all these pieces together. All right. And then, oh yeah, and the same time, this same time, the USA would be bombed as part of the se brother man's seventh major vision according to Revelation 16:20 and Revelation 18:8. And I'm not going to go over those tonight, but I just want to review this because it ties in with the angels. We're going to hit the highlights of what the angels do. And then finally, this 13th event would be the battle of Armageddon. All nations to battle at Jerusalem. The kings of the north, which are probably Russia, south, uh probably Egypt. East would be China. They're all defeated by Jesus. Okay? And got the scriptures on there. If you want a copy of this, let me know if you want to study it. I hope somebody studied something from Sunday by God's grace. Hallelujah. Amen. Hope somebody was studying something I preached or maybe something else the Lord put on your heart. Now, the 14th event would be fervent heat that burns heaven and earth, preparing ashes of the wicked for the believers to walk on into the millennium. Hallelujah. 15th. Then this Yeah. The seventh trumpet is that final one. The kingdoms of the world become the kingdoms of our God. Revelation 11:15-19. And then the last thing would be the millennium. Brother Ram says, "Do whatever you can. Don't miss the millennium." Hallelujah. He said, "We're just getting an idea of all these blessings that exist for us in the millennium." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, I'm gonna leave that up there and uh let's get your Bibles ready. If you got your Bibles, go to Revelation. Uh we're going to just hit some highlights here. I got about 15 minutes. Good. Plenty of time. I just want to hit some highlights on angels in the book of Revelation. So now I got to use this other device. So I'm going to scroll down here. Now the first angel we see is the angel in Revelation 1 verse one. I remember that one. Thank you for your patience here. There we go. All right. Now, find it. Now, in Revelation 1 vers1, Jesus sends an angel to John for the revelation of Jesus Christ. Now, isn't that something, church? God sends him an angel, but then Jesus will appear himself time and time again to John throughout the vision. Hallelujah. So, this shows even God sends uh you know more than just himself. God will send an angel to a prophet as well. So, we see an angel was sent to John and then Jesus makes special appearances. as he appears to John numerous times throughout this vision. Hallelujah. Now, in Revelation 1:20, we see seven angels, which we know are seven men. In Revelation 3:5, this is a beautiful verse. Let me read this one. Revelation 3:5. Hallelujah. I like this verse. Here's one I'm going to read. This is the Sardis church age. But look at the promise. He that overcomemeth, the same shall be clothed in white raignment. And I will not blot out his name out of the book of life. But I will confess his name before my father and before his angels. My church, if you can overcome, God will confess your name. Hallelujah. G I'm sorry. Jesus will confess your name before God and the angels. Hallelujah. In other words, all the angels witness say, "Brother Chris, brother Malachi, all the brothers, all the sisters, this was a true overcomer." Praise God. Amen. How we ought to overcome. Hallelujah. If we overcome now, then the father and the angels in Jesus will all be witnesses that we overcome. Church, don't you know angels are watching us here tonight? Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The angels kept track, brother Claude and Patrick, that you two came to church even though it was a school night. God bless you, brothers. The angels keeping track. Hallelujah. Right? The Bible said we are we are a spectacle. Remember Romans, we're a spectacle unto men and angels and demons. &gt;&gt; In other words, we are on a stage, brother Chris, it's like we're on a stage living out our lives and demons and angels are watching our every move. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And if we overcome on this stage, Amen. If we can be the overcomers, then the angel will stand there and agree. Yes, brother Chris overcame. Yes, Sister Acacia. Yes, Sister uh Zur overcame. Yes, Sister Christian. And and yes, Sister Beatatrice overcame. The angels will nod and say, "They overcame. I was a witness." Amen. Praise God. So, help us to be faithful. God, strengthen us. Send your angels to help us not to give up, not to be discouraged, because the angels will strengthen us and then they'll stand there and witness. Yes. Yes, they did overcome. &gt;&gt; I love that verse. Amen. The holy angels stand there and say, "Yes, he overcame. Yes, she overcame." And remember, church, there's rejoicing in the presence of angels when one sinner repents. Yeah, brother Chris, uh, Revelation 3 verse 5, brother, I love that verse. I was scrolling through there. I'm like, "That's right. Jesus will confess, sister nature overcame." And all the angels will say, "Amen. Hallelujah." They'll all agree. Hallelujah. They all Yes. They overcame Leodysia. I saw it. I was there. I protected them. I strengthened them at times. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because they were the heirs of salvation. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That was God's bride. That was God's child. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And the angels protected them. Hallelujah. Now, I'm just going to go kind of quick through here because I got about uh 10 minutes. Now, the next angels are Revelation 5:2. A strong angel proclaims who is worthy to take the book and open the seals. Hallelujah. So, some strong angel. Now, what does that mean, church? There's weaker angels and there's stronger angels. Remember remember that angel that wrestled uh with the prince of Persia? He took him 21 days and he still didn't win the wrestling match. So, he needed what? A stronger angel. Michael. Some angels are stronger than others. And church, let me say it like this. Some Christians are stronger than other Christians. But they're still Christians. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Brother Ram said, "The weakest Christian uh has so much strength if he just gets on his knees and prays." In other words, the weakest Christian is their strongest when they're on their knees praying to God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. And brother said, "Don't never say you're weak as a Christian." Brother Bam said, &gt;&gt; because the devils will hear that and they'll say, "Oh, uh, Brother Jesse said he's weak." Well, I'm going to come. I'm going to bring this temptation. I know he fell. I'm going to make a real uh tempting temptation for him this time because he said he's weak. Church, always say, "I'm strong. I'm strong. I'm strong. &gt;&gt; I've got the word of God. I'm an overcomer." Amen. Angels are around me. Jesus is for me. If Jesus for me, who could be against me? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Praise God. Now, in Revelation 5 11 and 12, this is a beautiful verse. John hears the voice of many angels. It's actually a hundred million angels and then thousands of thousands saying loudly, "Worthy is the lamb that was slain." Now, church, he must have had brand new eard drums. Right? He heard over a hundred million angels say worthy. I'm going to read that. 5 11 and 12. over 100 million angels. I'm in the wrong chapter. It's 511. I'm in 611. And I beheld and I heard the voice of many angels round about the throne and the beasts and the elders and the number of them was 10,000 times 10,000. That's 100 million. And said and thousands of thousands. In other words, just the idea you can't number them more than 100 million. Church, we're on the winning team. Let me remind you, &gt;&gt; sometimes you focus the devil. so awful. He is. The demons are so awful. But there's more with us than with that is with them. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We win by the grace of God. We win. We've got more power. We've got more angels. We've got God himself. We got Jesus. And we got the blood of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We've got watchers. We got seraraphims. We got cherubams. Hallelujah. We have all these angels. We have guardian angels. Amen. We have all these angels to help us. We've got ceiling angels. Amen. We have so much help. We are. We can't miss it. We're gonna make it. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; All these angels are with us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And then they all shout this verse 12 with a loud voice. 100. What would the song of a 100 million angels sound like? Worthy is the lamb that was slain to receive power and riches and wisdom and strength and honor and glory and blessing. In other words, we haven't bragged on Jesus enough. We need to brag more on Jesus. Amen. If a hundred million angels are bragging on his power and glory, what should we do? Praise God. &gt;&gt; And we sometimes, church, sometimes we act like God is so weak in our lives. It's the opposite. We're the weak ones. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Because these 100 million angels are shouting, "He's powerful. He's strong. He's worthy. He's honorable. He's great. He's mighty. Let's join their shout tonight." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He's worthy of all of our praise. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. 100 million. My goodness gracious. Hallelujah. And church, what is it going to be when we get there? Amen. What are you gonna say when you see those hundred million angels for the first time? &gt;&gt; I'm gonna say, "Oh, I love you, Jesus." I already know what I'm going to say, brother Patrick. Hallelujah. I love you, Jesus. Now, next one. The next angels are in Revelation 7 1 and 2. We already read those. Um, but let's go to Revelation 7:11. Now, I got a video on this. I listened to it on the drive home. This great multitude is either the bride or foolish virgin. Six times, brother Brandham says it's the bride. One time he says the foolish virgin. Now the reason most people think it's foolish virgin is because he said that during the time of the seven seals, but as I showed you, not every word in the seals is thus sayith the Lord. The revelations are thus sayith the Lord, but not every word in the sermons is thus sayith the Lord. So for me and and I I I watched the video. I think I had six or seven pieces of evidence that this is the bride of Jesus Christ. Okay, now I could be wrong, but look, let's read verse nine. And after this, I beheld, lo, a great multitude which no man could number of all nations. So, it's got to be Gentiles. And kindreds and people and tongues stood before the throne and before the lamb clothed with white robes and palms in their hands. So, right white robes shows it must be the bride. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Verse 10. and cried with a loud voice, saying, "Salvation to our God, which siteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb." And all the angels stood round about the throne, and about the elders, and the four beasts, and fell before the throne on their faces, and worshiped God. And what do they say? Blessing or Amen. Blessing and glory, and wisdom, and thanksgiving and honor and power and might be unto our God forever and ever. Amen. Sounds like the repeat the same song of the angels all the time, right? God's worthy. He's powerful. He's might. All strength belongs to God. Give God all the praise. God is faithful. God deserve your worship. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. God deserves our worship, church. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And you can worship him right now by getting your minds on the Lord right now &gt;&gt; and the angels because the angels are here. &gt;&gt; Don't get distracted. We're almost done. Don't get distracted. The angels are here. Hallelujah. and they can help us out tonight by God's grace &gt;&gt; if you're in need of it. Hallelujah. And who isn't? Hallelujah. Now, uh I'll try to get going here. Revelation 8. Now, this is the chapter where the trumpets start sounding. In Revelation 8, seven angels are given seven trumpets and they prepare to sound. In Revelation 8 3 and 5, another angel with a golden sensor offers prayers of the saints on the golden altar and then casts these prayers down to the earth and there's thunderings and lightnings and all these. In other words, the judgments of God are being poured out by these angels. So, here we have destroying angels or judgment angels. We'd say it could be a ninth type of angel. Okay. Now, Revelation 8 7, the first trumpet sounds by an angel. Hallelujah. In Revelation 8:8, the second trumpet sounded by an angel. In Revelation 8:10, the third angel sounds a trumpet. In Revelation uh 8:12, the fourth angel sounds his trumpet. So, right now, I've covered these trumpets right here during the first part. So, so angels are directly connected to earth. Fifth angel, fifth angel sounds his trumpet. In Revelation 9 11-12, Satan is the angel king. He's called the king of angels. Did you know that he was the anointed cherub that coverth? He's called the king of angels. Let's read Revelation 9 11 and 12 so you can see it. Revelation 9 11 and 12. And they had a king over them. Satan's a king. Yes. Of demons, but not of you and I. Jesus is our king. &gt;&gt; Which is the angel of the bottomless pit whose name in the Hebrew tongue is Abadon. But it is the but in the Greek tongue hath his name Apaleon. One woes pass and behold there come two woes more hereafter. So maybe that doesn't surprise anybody. Maybe it does. But Satan is an angel, a king angel over the fallen angels. But Jesus is the holy angel. He's the mighty angel. Hallelujah. And he's king over all the good angels. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Oh, it's beautiful. Now, Revelation uh 9:16, 200 million demons are loosed under that sixth trumpet. 200 million demons are loosed, right? And that's to torment the unbelievers. Uh that was what during the sixth trumpet. Yeah, sixth trumpet. So during this time, trumpets 1 through six are during that first half time. Now, for closing sake, I'm going to go ahead and close. Um let's go to Revelation 21. I'm going to close with this because I'm down to my last few minutes. Go to Revelation 21. Who knows Revelation 21? What comes down from heaven? New Jerusalem. Yes, sir. The holy city, New Jerusalem. Beautiful chapter. Revelation 21:22. Very similar, but 21 is where the city comes down like a bride adorned for its husband. Hallelujah. Revelation 21. Now, I'm going to skip ahead a little bit, but um let's go to verse 9. Revelation 21:9. And there came unto me one of the seven angels, which had the seven vows full of the seven last plagues, and talked with me, saying, "Come hither, I will show thee the bride, the lamb's wife. And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain, and showed me that great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of heaven from God, having the glory of God. and her light was like unto a stone most precious, even like a jasper stone, clear as crystal. Here's what I want you to see here. Verse 12, and had a wall great and high, and had 12 gates, and at the gates were what? 12 angels, and names written thereon, which are the names of the 12 tribes of the children of Israel. and it goes through those names and there's uh three gates on each side of the holy city. But I want you to see this here uh by God's grace. Now go down to verse 21. And the 12 gates were 12 pearls. Each several gate was one pearl. And the street of the city was pure gold as it were transparent glass. So think of glass windows. That's what the go that's what the gold is like there. It's like transparent glass, but it's gold. See-through gold. Hallelujah. Amen. 23. And the city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon to shine in it. Now, that doesn't mean there wasn't them anymore. They just didn't need it anymore. For the glory of God did light in it, and the lamb is the light thereof. Ain't that wonderful, church? In that place, you won't need light bulbs. You won't need candles. Jesus is your light. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You won't need electricity. Jesus is your light. Hallelujah. Amen. And the nations of them that which are saved shall walk in the light of it, and the kings of the earth who bring their glory and honor into it, and the gates of it shall not be shut at all by day, for there shall be no night there. So the gates are always open. God's pyramid, God's home is always open. Yes, brother Chris. &gt;&gt; It's possible. Yes, that's possible. Yep. Very good, brother. Very good. Give him two claps. That's good, brother. Hallelujah. Yep. Very good. Just like the Bible said there's no uh the Bible said uh we don't need the moon and the sun, but it'll still probably be there. Okay. Verse uh 26. And they shall bring the glory and honor of the nations into it. And there shall be no wise enter into anything that defileth, neither whatsoever workketh abominations. See no homosexual there, right? No crossdressing there, no pride there, right? Pride. look as abomination to the Lord, &gt;&gt; right? No beastiality there, no adulteries there. None of that will be there. Thank God. It'll be a clean city, a Christlike city. Hallelujah. That's the city I want to live in. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Or maketh a lie. There'll be no lies in that city. But they which are written in the Lamb's book of life. &gt;&gt; Now go back up to verse 12. Here's my closing thought again, church. At every gate, there's three gates on each side. Every gate is in a pearl shape. Why? Because Jesus is the pearl of great price. You have to sell out everything you desire in life, children. You got to sell any little pearl you have in order to gain the one great pearl. &gt;&gt; I'll sell out everything. Popularity, friends, money, my future desires. I'll sell all that out just so I can have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; That is the one pearl of great price. And brother Patrick and brother Claude, every time you walk in the gate, there's going to be an angel standing there. Did you catch it? &gt;&gt; The angels guard the throne of God again. Amen. Hallelujah. 12 angels, three on each side. Because now this holy city is the throne of God. So what has to guard the throne of God? God has to have angels. &gt;&gt; And he's got 12 angels because the throne of God has come down from heaven. Now heaven and earth is united. And wherever God's throne is, he's gonna have guards there. &gt;&gt; And so God places angels, each one at the gate. And remember, you they'll probably greet us and say, "Well done, overcomer, brother Jesse. Well done. Enter into the city." I'll say, "Hallelujah." Amen. That's where I want to be. That's if I go out. I'm hoping I was I hope I live in the city. I trust I'm the bride of Jesus Christ. Don't you trust the same for your life, too? &gt;&gt; I trust I'm that same one. But if I got to leave and come back in, they'll greet me and say, "Yes, he's an overcomer. Enter into the joys of the Lord prepared for you from the foundation of the world." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And again, we'll have guards guarding the throne of Jesus Christ just like they do today. Just like an angel is guarding over your life right now. &gt;&gt; Let's stand to our feet. God bless you. Musicians can come. Aren't you glad you have an angel guarding your heart tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. in church. Was that a good review on the end time events? &gt;&gt; It was for me. I forget. I like I told you, I forget more than I remember. Hallelujah. I preach so long. I just forget so much. In Revelation 22, Jesus says three times he sent his angel to John to confirm the testimony that he's giving to John. Hallelujah. So this this record this this record of the book of Revelation, it is a sure record. An angel made sure it was perfectly written down so we would know the truth. Hallelujah. Amen. An angel said that he will stand there confess or he'll stand there as Jesus confesses overcomer. Overcomer overcomer. Overcomer. Overcomer. And the angels will say yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. How many want to be an overcomer tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Let's bow our hearts for a word of prayer. Sing that little song there. I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. I need thee. Church, if you want to be an overcomer, the angels of God are here to help you out. Hallelujah. [Music] That verse was the one that touched my heart the most. That if I overcome, Jesus will tell the angels. Angels, look, here's brother Jesse. He's an overcomer. Father, he's an overcomer. He overcame all the temptations that were presented to him through these fallen demons. Yet he overcame, friends. And then the Lord Jesus will look at us and say, "Well done, my good and faithful servant." You've been faithful with a little. Now I'm going to make you ruler over much. Hallelujah. Oh, church, let's be faithful, can we? Hallelujah. Let's be zealous to be more faithful with what God has given to us. How many would raise your hands and say, "Brother Jesse, let's pray for me that I'll be faithful, that I'll be an overcomer." God bless those hands. I'm not even looking. May God hear your request tonight. You pray for somebody else, I'll pray for everybody as well. You pray for me. Pray for all the saints. Father God, we thank you for tonight, Lord. Thank you for these promises, Lord. A 100 million more angels saying worthy, holy, strength, honor to Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Oh God, and our eard drums don't even burst, Lord. Because we have new bodies, theophony bodies. Oh Lord, how we want to join the angels tonight. Say, Jesus, you're worthy. You're holy. All glory, all wisdom, all might, all strength, all dominion to God almighty. Jesus, be glorified in this humble little church. Lord, you saw the hands. Lord, I pray you'd make us all overcomers. Bless all the saints. Worked all day. Some of them babysat. Some of them worked. Some of them did school all day. Lord, yet they came out to the house of God. Strengthen them tonight by the holy angels. I pray if they need a touch, may they reach out and touch the Lord. Lord, as you pass by, you maybe pass by in your angel form, dear God. Hallelujah. Lord, they want to be overcomers. They want to hear their name confessed before the angels that protected them and before Father God. Oh Lord, our great faithful father. Lord, we want our names confessed before you, oh father, because you gave us life. You sent us in the Leoian church age. You sent us to Akran. Of all places we could have went, all the places we could have been born, Akran, Ohio, USA. Lord, we didn't ask to be here. You sent us here, Lord God, for this time and purpose. Give us grace and strength tonight. Strengthen each and every individual whose hand was up. Lord God, see their need tonight. May the angel of God just give them that touch. Maybe they'll cry. Maybe they'll raise their hands. Maybe they'll shout. Maybe they'll scream. Maybe they'll fall down on their knees and worship, Lord God. Maybe they'll sing with tears in their eyes, say, "Oh God, thank you for strengthening me tonight. I need to overcome. I'll do it by the blood of the lamb, Jesus Christ, and the word of my testimony." Let me say it like this, Lord, so the people can see another connection. Lord, guard the throne of our hearts tonight. Let your angels take their place to guard our hearts if if temptation comes, if trial comes, whatever it may be. I pray, Lord, guard us here tonight, Lord. Protect us by the grace of God. I ask it. You see our hearts, God. We want to be pure before you. We love you, Lord God. We worship you tonight. We want to sing that same song with a 100 million angels, oh God. Hallelujah. worthy. We need you, Lord, every hour. So bless your people here tonight, we pray as we sing and worship in Jesus Christ's name. And the saints said, "Let's sing this little song here. [Music]
