################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-19 - (6-18-25) The Theophany Body- Jesse Smith - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-19
Title:   (6-18-25) The Theophany Body- Jesse Smith
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywB1tnazFQs
========================================

series. You know, I preach so hard on Sunday that I've had a sore throat and lost my voice uh all week. So, sometimes I do that. I get too excited. You know, I've noticed church too when we get newcomers uh sometimes newcomers like the sister was pulling really hard, right? So, the more people pull that seems like the more bold I get. And so, uh and then of course when the church is filled up, you got all these people pulling. And so, a lot of times that happens here. So, you can go ahead poll tonight here, but I'm going to try to watch the time by God's grace. Uh, whenever I do that, whenever I preach so loud, I just got to maybe do some teaching the next service to try to get my voice back by God's grace. 2 Corinthians 5:1. Now, our title is the theophony body. Now, the word theophony is just a term that we use uh in religion or in Christianity. The actual Bible word is uh the celestial body. So we'll show that again here tonight. But uh the celestial body is the body that's waiting for us if we should die. If we should go to the the body should go to the the physical body would go to the grave. The theophony is the body that's waiting for us in heaven. It's a spiritual body. So 2 Corinthians 5 verse one. Let's read that if we can. Ready? One, two, three. For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved, we have a building of God and house not made with hands eternal in the heavens. Amen. Let's have one more word of prayer. You have a need on your heart. Let's make an open unto God today. Father God, you see my hands up. Lord, I need you, Lord. As I said, Lord, sometimes I wear myself out. My zeal sometimes eats up my wisdom. And Lord, with a larger crowd and polling, Lord God, I just want to be uh yielded to you, Lord, tonight. I want to be mindful of the time, Lord. Uh so, Father, just take this moment, Lord God. I pray your spirit would just inspire each one of us, Lord. Help me to yield to your spirit. I just pray this will be a blessing and encouragement to others here. Let your word be more clear to us, Lord. Give us more revelation of your word. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. And the saints said, "Amen." God bless you as you're being seated. Praise God. In case I got some slides here, I'm going to do a little review. Maybe I can't remember the last time I preached on the theophony. So, um I don't I don't remember what I showed yet and what I didn't. So um we'll start uh with uh this quote here. Now as we know uh with God sending us a prophet although God sends us a prophet we still have to take everything he says back to the word of God. Hallelujah. Because the Bible says you can't add one word and you can't take one word away. So as as I've learned, you know, I've learned that through the scripture. I've learned that by listening to brother Brandham. Now when brother Brandham would say, "Thus sayith the Lord," that's God speaking. But it's going to agree with what's already in the Bible. It's not adding to the Bible. It's not taking away from the Bible. It's agreeing with what the Bible already says. But when there's times where brother man will say something his own human opinion, well, in those cases, we got to go back to the Bible because the Bible tells us that to prove all things. Okay, so that's 1 Thessalonians 5:21. Uh we're not going to read it, I guess not. But here's the quote that's in question uh with this topic. You know, uh brother Ram only said this one time. Okay. Uh, and think about that. In all the years of the recordings, you know, Brother Ram only said one time that we hear from our theophony. So, I'll read this quote. After you recognize the very word of God was eagle food because eagles, Jesus said at the end time where the eagles are, that's where the carcass is at the end time. So Jesus represents believers as eagles eating the fresh meat of the word. Okay. Uh, the very word was eagle food. Then you left the other thing. So as eagles, you know, we we'd say we left uh our previous home or or as Christians, we left the previous move of God, which was Pentecost. We would have left that and come to the fresh revelation. The Bible calls it the present truth. Hallelujah. You have then been formed into the living image of the living God. You have heard, you heard from your theophony, if this earthly bo body be dissolved, we have one waiting. Okay. So, some people read this and they think that when you get saved, you're actually hearing from heaven, it's like your uh your your spiritual body is talking to you. Now, I'm on the opinion that I don't think your theophony actually talks to you. That's what that's my opinion. So, I'm not sure what brother was talking about here. So, I've spent all these years looking for Bible verses. Uh are there any Bible verses that say we actually hear from our theophony? Now, to this point, I haven't found any, and I'm still waiting for someone to give me one, okay? But I'll show you one that's really close at the end. So, I'm going to build I'm going to work my way towards that at the end. So, what I believe now is we actually hear from the Holy Spirit. Okay? But, but there are some just so you know, message believers or preachers that say anytime you hear from God, you're actually hearing from your theophony body that's waiting for you. Okay? So, I don't know about that, but church, the Bible says uh that they're waiting for you in heaven. And so somewhere in heaven, there's a body that looks like Austin when he was 19 years old. It looks just like him and it's waiting for him, right? There's a there's a 19-year-old body of Brother Chris, right? And sisters there, all of us. I can name all of us. There's there's some body there waiting for us. And it looks like we like we look when we're 19 years old, except it's like an angel body. It's a theophony body. Okay. But some people believe that body is actually the one that will uh speak to us just because of this quote. Now again, I don't quite understand the quote, but it's all clear. It's plain to see which Bible verses brother uses, right? 2 Corinthians 5:1. Okay? Now, we're to prove everything by the Bible. Okay? And we're to search the scriptures every day to prove what the prophet says, to prove which parts of God and which is not of God. Amen. Because a prophet is still a man, right? He can have his own human ideas, his own mistakes or his own thoughts. Brother Bam told us that plainly. He said, "I've always asked you to be careful which which uh which side you're he which side you're listening to, the human side or the prophetic side." That's in He cares you, you care 1963. Very famous quote for me and maybe for our church. I I mentioned it many times, but that's what he said. You got to be very careful. Make sure uh what you're listening to. Make sure if it's thus say the Lord or if it's just the human ideas. Okay. All right. Now, let's read 2 Corinthians uh again 5 1-5. Now, here's my thought that I want you to see tonight. It seems this this this section seems to only mention us longing for heaven, not actually hearing from our building. It's called the Bible says your your body waiting there. Austin, it's a building, right? Each one of us, nature, haven, you got a building. You got a body that's just waiting for you. It's like an angelic body. Okay? So, 2 Corinthians 5 1-5. For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved, we have a building of God and house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. In other words, God created this body for you. Hallelujah. And it's eternal. It's got eternal life. Amen. Hallelujah. Verse two. For in this we grown. Talking about in our bodies now we grown earnestly desiring to be clothed upon with our house which is from heaven. Isn't that true? Don't you desire a a body that doesn't sin? That's what I want probably more than anything else since I'm already saved. Right? If I'm already saved, what else do I want? I want a body that pleases God all the time. Amen. That's what that verse means. We're groaning. Oh, I just wish I could go a week without sinning. Wouldn't that be wonderful? How about a month or a year? Wouldn't that be just amazing? We're groaning for that. Oh, I wish I could serve God better. I wish I didn't get tired, right? Wish I didn't get worn out. Wish I could just give God all 24 hours I never had to sleep. We're groaning for that, right? We wish, oh, we wish we could just be perfect all the time and serve the Lord. Verse three, if so be that being clothed, we shall not be found naked. Now, the clothing, we don't have time to go there, but the clothing is a white robe. So that body of Austin and Chris, like I said, Malachi, it's standing there. Must be standing there. It's got a white robe on it because the white robe is the righteousness of saints. The white robe represents Jesus's holiness. In other words, so when you believe in Jesus, he took all your sins. He gives you a robe of righteousness. Hallelujah. Amen. All right. So it's a substitution. He died with all your sin on him and you get all his righteousness. Amen. Not some sins, not some iniquities, but what? All iniquities. All. And that's our only hope. None of us could ever make it to heaven on our goodness or our obedience. None of us could. We strive for obedience. We try to be as obedient as possible, but we'll only get to heaven by the righteousness of Jesus. Amen. And all the works we do is because of our appreciation for what Jesus did on the cross. Hallelujah. Amen. And it's motivated by, we talked about it on Sunday night. It's motivated by love. We love God. So that gives us faith. And the faith goes to work. Remember that. Galatians 5:6. Okay. Now, okay. Now, and so the souls of people who die, they get a theophony. And of course, their souls go down to hell. They have a theophony there down there in hell. And it's naked. I don't know what that means. Maybe they got dirty garments on. Maybe they have no garments on. But it's a naked uh theophony that doesn't it doesn't have the robes of righteousness. Okay. Verse four. For we that are in this tabernacle do grow being burdened, not for that we would be unclothed, but clothed upon that mortality might be swallowed up of life. See, doesn't everybody here want to live forever? Don't you want to live eternally? That's what it's saying. We're desiring for this mortality, our humanity, to have immortality. Verse five. Now, he that hath wrought us for the self, same thing as God, who hath also given unto us the earnest of the spirit. The earnest is the down payment, Brother Chris. So, when you bought your car, didn't you put a down payment on it? Yep. That's what the Holy Ghost is. When we get it here, it's like a down payment. Praise God. The rest is coming, right? You pay the down payment, you're going to pay the rest, right? Still you own it. That's how God is. God gives us the Holy Ghost. He's gonna give us every all the Holy Ghost we need until he owns us. Amen. Now, what I mean is until he has uh give us a brand new body. Hallelujah. He already owns us by the blood, but I'm talking about I'm just using as as a parallel. Praise God. Now, okay. Now, just brief briefly review. Remember, there's three kinds of bodies. Have you seen this, Brother Chris? Okay. So, you have the terrestrial body, which is your flesh body. That's what we're in right now. It's called the earthly house of this tabernacle. Now, you also have a celestial body, which is a theophony, waiting there in the seventh dimension. Now, let's read that. Brother Chris, would you get that? Matthew 18:10. This verse says, "Be careful how you treat the children because they have an angel that always stands before the throne of God." Always. Everybody say always. Ready? Always. That means God created it. God put that eternal body. Now, some people think this is a guardian angel. It could be, but in this context, it looks like it's a theophony body. So, go ahead, brother Chris. Amen. Amen. So that's what I believe this uh text means. Jesus says, "Be careful how you treat them because they have a body. They have eternal life." These are inheritors of eternal life. And remember what you ever do to the least of these, my brethren, with heavenly angels or heavenly theophanes. You've done it to the least of these, you've done it unto Christ. Praise God. Amen. Remember, it's called a building of God, a house not made with hands, eternal or a house from heaven, and it cannot eat. 2 Corinthians uh 15:40. So, let's read that one. Brother Austin, you want to get that one? You got a Bible, brother? Okay. Can you get uh 1 Corinthians 15:40? Now, in this verse, Brother Chris, you're going to see where it calls it. There's two kinds of bodies. There's terrestrial, which is flesh body, like all animals and beasts have, and birds and everything. But then there's celestial. Those are heavenly or angelic bodies. Okay, brother Austin, can you read that, brother? There are also celestial bodies. Amen. Thank you, brother. So, there's two kinds of bodies. There's flesh bodies, then there's spiritual bodies. Okay. Now that that list uh so we know uh we know the third type of body then would be a combination of both right hallelujah. So it's it's the best of both worlds. Praise God. So the third type of body is a glorified body. That's what Jesus resurrected in. Hallelujah. So I think I'll read Acts 3:13. Let I might as well just read it because I'm really close to Matthew Marks. Acts 3:13 speaks of how Jesus is glorified. It says uh verse 13, the God of Abraham and Isaac and of Jacob, the God of our fathers hath hath glorified his son Jesus whom ye delivered up and denied him in the presence of Pilate when he was determined to let him go. So he's he's in a glorified body, which is a physical body that has the Holy Ghost swallow it up. So God's spirit swallows up this body and makes it back to your 19 years old or 21, whatever age that would be. And I didn't have time, but I was going to get a picture when I was 19 and show it to you all because I said, "That's my glorified body. It's going to look a lot like that." Lydia is actually really close. So that look, let's look at Lydia. That's how her glorified body is going to look right there. She's 20, almost 21 in December. So, she's going to look a lot like that in the resurrection, but it's going to be a glow on it. Praise God. It's going to have a holy glow on it. All right. Now, like I said, I'm not going to spend too much time on this because I want to get to the main uh part of this. Now, brother Ram said, knowing that there's three bodies, that's the secret of our our lives. Brother Ram said, we see here plainly the complete secret of our lives in our journey, our death, and where we go after we die. And predestination is in plain view here. So, we know where we came from. We came from the mind of God, right? We came to the flesh body, then we're going to the theophony body, and then after that, we get a glorified body. So, that's the whole secret of where we came from and where we're going. And the church said, "Amen." Amen. All right. I actually I think I'm pretty doing pretty good on times here. So, let let me go. Uh, brother Bam said this. This is a secret that's now revealed that there's three stages or I'm sorry, there's three three stages to perfection. Okay. So, a lot of these have three stages. A lot of this is review. You get you get the Holy Ghost in three stages. Justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost. Uh, your bodies. Now, this is what we're talking about tonight. You have a terrestrial, celestial, then glorified. So you have a flesh body, then you have a theophony or celestial body. Then you get a glorified body. That's the final body you'll be in. Okay? All right. And then the earth, of course, of course, is redeemed in three stages. It's perfected in three stages. Uh babies born. We just saw that with uh are the babies that were born here recently. Water, blood, spirit, and then the bride uh was restored to perfection through three messengers. Okay, I'm going to skip just for time sake. Well, I guess I can show that one. That's pretty good. Uh the gifts are perfected in three. Faith, hope, and charity. Faith, hope, love. The godhead is father, son, holy ghost. And the plant has three stages. That's also a type of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Justification, sanctification, and the seed, baptism of the Holy Ghost because the Holy Ghost is called the seed of God. All right. Now, here's a brief summary of the flesh body. Uh it eats, sleeps, drinks. How many remember this picture? I think I showed I don't know when the last time I showed it, but I'll think I'll show it again. Our body eats, sleeps, drinks, touches, and uh this body could feel Jesus's glorified body because he said, "Thomas, touch my hands. Touch my side." Okay. It's a flesh body, though. It's under the corruption and the curse of death. Has sin in our our members. Okay. Whoops. Now, here's the one that we're talking about tonight. This is the theophony or the celestial body. This is an eternal body. It's a spirit-like or angel-like body. It's waiting in heaven. And brother Bam says it's there's no spirit in it as it's in heaven. That's important. Okay? Because that's what it's going to come down to. How do we hear from a body if there's no spirit in it? Because right now we hear from what? The Holy Spirit, right? And so that's why I just lean to this side that I think brother Ram was just giving his opinion. I heard from my theophony or something because I can't find a scripture that says we hear from the theophony. We just read about the theophony and it said we're groaning for it. But Paul never said we hear from it. He said we groan for it. Okay. And then there's here there's another quote from So when you have quotes from brother Brandham on both sides, you got to always got to go back to the Bible and see which one is right. Okay? And remember theophanes can touch other theophonies and theophanes can become visible and invisible to humans because Daniel saw a vision of an angel and the angel touched him. So a theophony, a spirit can touch a flesh body, right? Okay. And then remember theophanes can touch each other, right? Because the angels can wrestle, right? Daniel talks about that as well. Daniel chapter 10 talks about that angels wrestled so uh the angel could get uh g Yeah. I'm sorry. No, Michael come by and wrestle the angel that was keeping the other angel away from getting to Daniel. All right. Now, theophony does not eat, sleep, or drink because they're like angel bodies. And then the glorified body, this is what Jesus had after the resurrection. It can be touched by flesh bodies, but it's not a spirit body. It's a glorified flesh body. It can eat food and drink like Jesus did after his resurrection. He had fish and and bread, remember? Uh and then it's needed for the wedding supper, the millennium, and the new city. Okay. Now, here's the most important quote, and that that's in my humble opinion. Imho, maybe I'll say imho. In my humble opinion. So, 1957, brother Ram said it was in the form of what we are now, which is called in the clergy way of speaking it, a theophony. It's a body that doesn't have a spirit in it. Okay? It's a body that's waiting for you Christians. As soon as the life leaves this, you go into that body. When this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, we have one already waiting at the Now, I just caught something real just briefly. The Bible said when the when the poor beggar Lazarus died, the Bible says the angels carried him to the paradise, right? Abraham's bosom. So, it seems like maybe that theophony is waiting right there after you die. after your your physical body dies, your soul and spirit go into the theophony right there because then the angels carried his theophony down there to Abraham's bosom. Yeah, brother Chris. Not yet. Not Not exactly. Yeah. Um not yet. Because the glorified body happens when Jesus raises up your dead body. So like the bodies in the caskets, right? Yes. Yes. Very good. Yes. Yes. So if we die, the physical body goes there. That physical body is waiting for the glorified body or in other words, it's waiting for the Holy Ghost to like energize it and swallow it up. That's the word the Bible uses, swallow. The Holy Spirit is going to swallow up all those ashes and bones or whatever's left, swallow it up, and make a brand new version of us. That's if we go to the grave. Okay? So, if we're alive to the rapture, brother Bham says, uh, the Holy Spirit will swallow up your your living body. That's what we hope we live to see. And the church said, right, we hope we're alive. And then the Bible said, uh, the Holy Ghost will swallow up this body. In other words, give it a glorified body. And then, Brother Ram said, we'll go up to meet Jesus in the air. That's where we'll meet our theophony. Now, I can't prove that by the Bible, but I think brother Ram's just trying to show how all three all three bodies come together for one. Okay. Yes. Very good, brother. Two. Yes. By one spirit. Yes, brother. Good. Very. Yes, brother. Austin. Uh, every everyone will get one. Yes. Yes. By the by the time of the new Jerusalem, everybody will get one because they have to live eternally. Yes. Very good question. Yep. Very good question. Let's give all the questions to the claps. Good. Good questions. Yeah. Yeah. everybody, every even the foolish version, everyone who has eternal life eventually. Now, the foolish version, they won't have it during the millennium because they'll be under the altar. But when when everything's judged, everything's ready to go, then all the believers who are saved will have a glorified body because remember there's tree of life. There's um the kings of the earth are going to bring their glory and honor into the new Jerusalem. So, they're going to be planting and the Ram says it's going to be like a garden of Eden except perfect condition. So, we're going to plant and eat and all kinds of things in glorified bodies. Yes, there will. Because remember they're eternal, right? So that's eternal life. There's eternal life in there. Good. Very good question. Now this is the one that means the most to me because uh if my theophony is waiting there and it looks like I did when I was 19, it doesn't have my spirit and soul in it. So how can it communicate? That's that that that's just my thought there. That's why I don't think I actually hear I don't I don't hear from the Holy Spirit through my theophony. I just hear from the Holy Spirit, right? That that's just what I believe. And remember church, there's only one quote. And let me remind remind you this too. Brother Ram never preached a full sermon on the theophony, right? And there's not two quotes on that say you've heard from your theophony. There's only one quote. So that ought to make us understand. Wow. Brother Bam wasn't he wasn't trying to make a doctrine out of this. I'm going to pull up my notes here so I don't forget. I had a couple of notes I didn't want to forget. Yes. Okay. Now, um I'm going to skip past that just for time sake. Now, here's the order that we go through. For us, we were first thoughts in the mind of God. Ephesians 1:4 says, "You were chosen in Christ before the foundation world." So, you started off in the mind of God and then you skipped the theophony because Jesus went to the which is the spirit form. We went from thought to the flesh body to be tempted and tested, right? And overcome sin. If we die, we go to the theophony body, which is also called a word body or a celestial body, a body with eternal life. And then at the rapture, we get a glorified body. Okay? But Jesus went from the thought, right, he Jes God had a thought, I'm going to have a son who's going to die for our sin sins, right? He's going to raise and he's going to be the savior. He's going to be a an image that they can see. It's going to be me, but in another image, right? So Jesus went from a thought God is going to I'm going to have a son into theophony that was the pillar of fire right the logos at the beginning right because uh which day was the sun created on I always forget that was day three or day two no day day four yes very good the sun was created on the fourth day thank you night and day was the first uh first day right night and day so before the sun was created all the stars how'd you get light by the holy spirit was the Right? So when when Jesus was in his theophony form, that was the light that was the visible light in the uh in the spiritual realm. Okay? And then Jesus became a flesh body uh formed in the virgin Mary. And then after he died, resurrected, then he got the glorified body. Okay? So the the difference is the the the step here with the theophony. Second step for Jesus, third step for us. Okay. How am I doing on time? Okay, pretty good. Now, uh Malachi, you want to read that? Malachi, get Luke 9. Sister Z, would you read tonight? Would that be okay? Would you go to uh 1st Samuel 28 and just do verse 20, sister? Just verse 20. Okay. Now, I made this video yesterday. You You could hear from somebody else's theophony. Now, it's very rare, but you could hear from somebody else's theophony, but I've never found a verse where you hear from your own theophony. Does that make sense? Okay. Okay. So, we want to be uh we want to speak where the Bible speaks. We want to be silent where the Bible's silent, right? We don't want to add to the Bible. We don't want to take away from the Bible. Okay. So, Malachi is going to read here. Jesus hears from two other Theophanes. So, Malachi read 29 30-331. Amen. And the church said, "So Jesus is on Mount Transfiguration. He's he's transfigured. He's in a shining body. And then there's Moses in his theophony and there's Elijah in his theophony. And they're talking to him about going to Jerusalem, right? They're talking about his death. And the Bible said just his decease." So, his death, they only talked about his decease. Now, Jesus knew he'd rise again because he already told that, remember, we we read that on Sunday night. Yeah. In Matthew 16, uh that he'd rise again on the third day. So, Jesus knew he'd rise. But these theophanes come down and they give him more information about his decease or about his passion, the Bible calls it, or the crucifixion. Okay? So, Jesus heard from two Theophanes. All right. Now, sisters, I was going to read uh 1st Samuel 28. Uh, can you read just 20? Amen. Thank you, sister. So, Saul gets so afraid um that he falls down and he just lays there. Now, this is where I believe he repented of his sins, right? Because then David sings a song after he dies and the Bible said Saul and Jonathan were united in death. So this is where I believe he repents of all of his sins because he lays there all night and then he's already told that he's going to be uh killed. Now what's interesting, church, go back to 13. I'm going to read verse 13. And the king said unto her, be not afraid for what seeest thou? And the woman said unto Saul, I saw gods ascending out of the earth. I saw theophanes. So brother Chris, this is one of these amazing Bible stories. King Saul was able to go to a witch and call up Theophanes. God's ascending out of the earth. Now, we only know that we only know Samuel came up, but the Bible says gods. So, some other ones were somehow coming up. I don't know how that I don't know if that's demons. I'm not sure, but gods were judges or rulers of the believers. So, maybe maybe other believers came up. I'm not sure. But then Samuel was a a prophet who had died. He came up and he told Saul what was going to happen to him. Okay. Now go to verse 14. And he said unto her, "What form is he of?" And she said, "An old man cometh up and he's covered with a mantle. And Saul perceived that it was Samuel. And he stooped with his face to the ground and bowed himself." Okay. So here's King Saul seeing Theophanes, but he gets to talk to one of them. Brother Chris, yes, that's a good question. Now, why is that? Because Satan was god of this earth until the cross, right? This this is before the cross. Yeah. This is a thousand years before the cross. David was a thousand years before the cross. So, this is right before David. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh and and also now, Satan's called God of this evil age, right? uh in 2 Corinthians 4 verse4. But Satan had the keys of death and hell in the Old Testament because he deceived Adam. I'm sorry. He deceived Eve. Sorry, Adam willingly sinned. I'm sorry, I'm getting going a little fast here. He deceived Eve. Adam was not deceived. So, because he conquered Adam and Eve, I'll just say like that. Uh then Satan got the keys to death and hell. So now this witch, because Satan has the keys of death and hell, she has access to these spirits, these souls, these theophanes. So she's able to call them up because Satan has the keys of death and hell. But what did Jesus say after he rose? He said, "I am he that would died and liveth." And he said, "I have the keys of de of death and hell." Amen. Okay. So now nobody can call up uh Theophanes. Nobody can call him up out of the earth because Jesus now has power over that realm. Okay. And now paradise is not in the heart of the earth. Now paradise is above in the we'd say the third heaven or heaven, the heaven of heavens where God's throne is. All right, that's now that's a deep study. This is this these are deep and rich things here by God's grace. But I've been studying on it this week and I thought it'd be nice to give me a little break. I got about 15 minutes here. That's just an amazing story, brother Chris. If you want to read that 1st Samuel 28, amazing story and you got to go to other and and Samuel even prophesies to him. Actually, you know, Sister Z, could you read verse 19? That's I I gave you the wrong one. I want Zur to read 19, brother Chris. And here's where Samuel still prophesies because brother Ram says, "Whatever you are on earth, that's what you'll be in glory." So, he's still a prophet. Even though he's dead, he'll always be a prophet. So, sisters, would you read verse 19? Amen. Let's give our sister two class. Ready? So, so King Saul says, uh, uh, call up Samuel because God won't answer me. So, he he comes up and he says, "Tomorrow you and your sons will be with with me." Well, where was Samuel? He was in the heart of the earth. So, King Saul knows, "I'm going to die tomorrow. sometime tomorrow I'm going to die. So he lays on the ground all night and what I believe he was confessing his sins and then he and Jonathan were united right before they both died. No, Samuel was saved. In the Old Testament, brother, they went to they went to hell where there was remember there was a chasm between the believers and the unbelievers. Uh no, it was a chasm between where the saved were and the and the lost. Heaven is always above, but they couldn't go to heaven because the blood of Jesus Christ had not been shed yet. Their sins were just covered by animal blood. So, they couldn't go to heaven and Satan had the power over them, right? Because uh their sins really weren't covered over or the sins really weren't totally annihilated, we'd say, or paid for. Good question. Yep. Yeah, they weren't paid for really because animal uh and animal blood really couldn't pay for human sins. So, a human had to die to pay for human sins. Yep. Very good, brother. Very good. That's what And that's what Hebrews, the book of Hebrews is all about that, right? The blood of bulls and goats could never take away sins, but the blood of God's son could take away sins. Yep. All right. So, you can hear from someone else's theophony. Now, I never have. I don't know anyone who has. Uh I guess I'll say it like this. Brother Ram got to see theophonies beyond the current of time. But Austin Oh, yeah. Yeah. Brother uh Brother Sanchez. Yep. It was uh Bill. Bill Sanchez. Okay. That's interesting, brother. Yes. Okay. So, uh brother Bill said his wife passed. His wife passed away. We know that. But when Austin and Lena got baptized, he said he felt her theophony was in the room, right? Is that No. Oh, he saw saw at the window. Okay. So, if that was genuine, that would have been the theophony. Yeah. So, he saw the theophony. Okay. Yes. Good. Good memory. Yeah. Good memory. Give me two class. Good memory, brother. I forgot all about that. Amen. Yeah. Yes. Right. Well, these two these two verses prove you can. Yeah. Their body what what death is called sleep because their body is laying in the ground. It's called sleep. But their souls are not sleeping. It's the body that's likened unto sleeping. the physical the terrestrial body, but they're in they're alive. And then Jesus says, uh, God is the God of the living. Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob are alive. Jesus says so. So, it's the it's the physical body that is likened unto sleeping, but they're just they're more alive now than they ever were before. Praise God. Amen. That's right. Yeah. Once once a believer dies, they're more alive than they've ever been before because they're in an eternal body. Yes. Good question. Give two claps. That's a great one, brother. Great, great, great questions, brother. Good memory there. I forgot about that one. By God's grace. So, he didn't talk to her. He just saw her. Yeah. Very good. And then, Brother Ram went beyond the curtain of time. So, he must have some. So, he must it must have been by vision, but he went over there and he must have entered into his theophony because they were hugging him beyond the curtain of time. In other words, they went to the the the sixth dimension or the place where the maybe uh yeah, it would have been uh sixth dimension by God's grace where the believers go. Okay, now we're down to a couple minutes here. I want to uh close up here. Now, let me uh Yeah, I don't have Yeah, let me just go through this and I'll back up a little bit. All if if if if you read your Bible before hearing brother Ram say you've heard from your theophony everything in the Bible would tell you that you heard from your I'm sorry that you heard from the Holy Spirit not from your theophony. Okay. If you if you just read the Bible and you didn't hear who is this Melzdc like me I would have thought why you just hear from the Holy Spirit right? And so just here are some examples. Jesus said the spirit of truth guides you into all truth. The spirit. Okay. Jesus said, "My sheep hear my voice, not the voice of your theophony." I'm just I'm just giving a contrast here. Okay? So, every everyone know what I'm saying. Uh Jesus said, "Hear what the spirit says to your the churches." Okay? The spirit said to Peter in Acts chapter 10 uh to go to up to the house of Cornelius. Hebrews 10:25 says, "Him that speaks him." Well, what if a woman if a woman has a a female theophony? Then she'd hear from her. Everybody understand that? If you heard from your theophony and you're a female, you'd hear from her. Okay? So, it seems to be pretty cut and dry to me. Like, it pretty easy. But you know what? I'm going to give Brother the benefit of the doubt. I'm just going to leave that up on the shelf. Okay? If I'm wrong, God will correct me because I love Jesus, right? And I'm not speaking against that quote. I'm just saying I got to prove the quote by the Bible. That's a Bible command to prove all things. Okay? And the Bible said, "How should I hear without a preacher?" Well, what if you're not a preacher and you're hearing it from your theophony? Can you hear then? You see, you have to be able to put all the scripture together. All the scriptures got to agree together. Okay? And then faith comes by hearing. That's in the same chapter. You hear by a preacher. Faith comes by hearing the preacher. So the spirit of God is speaking through the the Holy Spirit's speaking through the preacher. Okay? And then the five-fold uh preaching, the five-fold preaching gifts bring us to the unity of the faith and faith comes by hearing the word of God being preached by the Holy Spirit in the preacher. Right? But then uh you can also open your Bible and the uh the spirit can speak to you through the Bible. Right? That happens to most of us, right? like where that's where I got that idea of preaching this series on David or the spirit of burning series. The spirit spoke to me while reading the Bible. Okay. All right. Now, I didn't want to stop there, but I want to back up. Okay. Now, I want to say a couple more things. Um, now some say that we hear from our theophony because its substance is the Holy Ghost. Now, this is a little deeper. So, picture your picture your glorified I'm sorry, picture your theophony over here waiting in heaven. What is it made of? What's it substance? It's the Holy Spirit. It's a holy body. So, some people tell me that, well, because your theophony is composed of a Holy Spirit, it's made of a holy spirit, right? The Holy Spirit made it. Then it can speak to you. That's what some people tell me. Now, to me, that's pushing it a little bit. I don't I can't see that by the Bible, right? Because the Bible calls it a building and a house. And does your house talk to you? Mine doesn't. The mice talk to me, but the house doesn't. And brother said, what's the real part of you? The soul is the real part of you. Right? That's your your theophony is a body. It's waiting for a soul to get there. Okay? So, I can't see this because every believer is hearing from their own theophony rather than the person of the Holy Ghost. Right? That's what I believe. You know, I I believe we're hearing from the Holy Ghost. I'm not hearing from my theophony, right? I'm hearing from the Holy Ghost. That's what I'm that's what I believe because that's what's all those verses say. The Bible says you're hearing from the spirit. The spirit of the spirit, not your theophony. Theophony or celestial body. Right now, this was interesting. Now, here's the closest thing to hearing from your theophony. Go to Revelation 5:5. And I'm getting ready to close here. Okay. Watch the time. Yeah, brother. Also, I announce it. Did you hear me announce it earlier? Remember when you used to get up at 4:30 for work and we would always try to shorten our Wednesday night services. So we got to I'm going to try to do that for a little while till Malachi gets a AC accumated. What's it called? Acclimated. Acclimated. Sorry, I forgot the L. Acclimated. Thank you. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. And everyone was very happy for Austin. So, let's be happy for Malachi as well. And uh just be thankful you don't have to get up at 5:30 and then work for 13 hours, right? I'm sorry, 4:30. Right. I'm thankful. I get up with Malachi, but I I wait till 5 o'clock to get up and I pray with him every morning. And uh but uh I'm not I don't get up at 4:30. Then I don't work all day. So Revelation 5:5. Now this very interesting. It's very interesting. Remember in the previous chapter, there's 24 elders up in heaven. They're in their theophanes. There's 24 Theophanes and there's Jesus theophony on the throne, right? And John gets to go up to heaven. The spirit said, "Come up hither." And he's taken. So he's either taken there by vision or he's taken there into his theophony. Now I think it's vision because then if it's theophony, now you got two theophies, right? Because one of those 24, it's 12 uh sons of Jacob and it's the 12 apostles of Jesus. Well, John was one of those 12 apostles of Jesus. And brother Ram said, "No wonder John shouted. He saw his theophony there." In other words, I know I'm going to heaven. Praise God. I've had a vision. In other words, I've had a vision. I've seen that I'm there. Praise God. And brother Ram came back from that uh uh experience beyond the curtain of time in Rejected King 1960. And he says, "I saw you over there." I He said, "I saw some of you over there." What what a consolation. Praise God. What a testimony. Brother Brother could say, "I saw you over there, brother. Brother, sister, I saw you over there. You're going to make it." Amen. And John could say the same thing. I saw myself over there. Now, chapter 5:5, "And one of the elders saith unto me, weep now. Behold, the line of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof." One of the elders, which one was it, Brother Austin? Was it John? John talking to John? Now, wouldn't that be strange? Now, see, I couldn't explain that. How can I explain that? So, this is one case where maybe it's possible you had a one in 24 chance to hear from his own theophony. Isn't that something? So, that's the closest one I found. I like, but now church, there's got to be what, two or three witnesses. Okay. Can we hear from other theophonies? Yes. No doubt about it. But can you hear from your own theophony? Well, maybe. That's why I say maybe. It's a possibility that his own theophony talked to him. But we don't know that it was John. Hallelujah. Now, what's interesting if this is true, now let's say it is true. You hear from your own theophony then you have then two parts of you are talking could be talking at the same time. Right? John was talking on earth maybe after this vision. and his theophony was up there worshiping God. Now, wouldn't that be an interesting thing? I'm not saying it is. I think that's far-fetched. I I think that's that's not the right scriptural application. But what if I'm wrong, Brother Chris? Yes. Matthew 27. Yep. Let's go there. Matthew 27:52 and 53. I know it because I was on my video this week and it's fresh on my mind. That's a good question. Now, brother, that now that I thought about it, I do believe they were in their glorified bodies, but I could be wrong. They could have just been in their theophles, right? Well, that's right. That's a good point, too. Yes. Uh yeah, those 12 sons of Jacob could have already been in their glorified bodies. And the reason I say that the Old Testament saints were probably in their glorified body was because Jesus was in his glorified body. And he brought he he led captivity captive. He led all the Old Testament saints out of captivity into a better captivity and eternal captivity being with Jesus for eternity. Okay. So that's why, but I could be wrong too. I mean, those Old Testament saints, they could have been their theophies. But Matthew 27:51, "And behold, the veil of the temple was rent and twain from the top to the bottom, and the earth did quake, and the rocks rent. And the graves were open, and many bodies, now not all." That's what brother says. Look, not all, but that means maybe some foolish version Old Testament saints are still in the heart of the earth, like Saul, like Lot because Lot lost all his reward. And Saul no doubt lost all his reward. God had to snatch the kingdom away from him because he was so rebellious. But he was saved because he was with Samuel. Okay. Many of the bodies of the saints which slept arose the bodies. So that's probably the physical body. If that's the case, then it would have had to been glorified, right? If it's the physical body, because it doesn't say celestial or angel. It doesn't say angel body like we read in Matthew 18:10. And came out of the grave. So it even it connects the body to the grave. So it looks like a glorified body now that I'm thinking about it after his resurrection and went to the holy city and appeared to many. Now here it doesn't say they talked to people. They just appeared to people. So here uh here we see glorified bodies probably of the Old Testament saints. Me many of them appeared and people saw them kind of like kind of like brother Bill saw his wife. Now that would have been theophony right just saw it but then here they actually see there probably probably their glorified bodies. All right now so m Revelation 55 is the closest thing that I found to hearing from your theophony but I think it's still a stretch. Uh John heard one of the elders which could have been his own theophony. So, do we have two active spirits since the elder bowed down in heaven? Right? Because remember, John kept watching and remember what do they do? They fall down. Let's go back to Revelation 5. They uh John is one of those 24 that falls down uh and uh throws his crown at the feet of Jesus. Now, now verse eight, the 24 elders fell down. And where does it say they cast their crowd? Anybody see where they cast their craft? Verse eight says, "And when he had taken the book, the four beasts and four 20 elders fell down before the lamb, having every one of them harps and golden vows full of odors, which are the prayers of the saints. And they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the book, and open the seals thereof. For thou was slain, and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred and tongue and people and nation, and has made un us unto our God kings and priests, and we shall reign on the earth." Praise God. Oh, it's in chapter 4, right? 410. Thank you, honey. I was I was starting to think, well, maybe it's not in this chapter. Maybe it's in the previous chapter, but I know they threw their crowns down. Verse 10 in chapter 4. And the four and 20 elders fall down before him that sat on the throne and worship him that liveth forever and ever, and cast their crowns before the throne, saying, Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honor and power, for thou hast created all things, and for thy pleasure they are and were created. Okay. Now, um, yeah. So, if people believe you hear from your theophony, then they have to throw out this quote where brother says it doesn't have a spirit in it because in order for a theophony to speak, it's got to have a spirit in it because he says that it doesn't have a spirit in it. Right? So, either way, you've got quotes on both sides. So, what do you do when you got quotes on both sides? You got to go back to the scripture. All right? And so what is the best part of all this? The best part of all this is like I read there earlier. The best part of all this is that we know the complete secret in our journey and death and where we go after we die. We don't have to worry where we're going. We've got a house waiting for us in the heavens. Praise God. Let's stand to our feet. Musicians can come. How many minutes was that, Kesha? 48. Praise. Let's all say praise the Lord. Can we? Praise the Lord. So, it's kind of like a Bible study tonight. How many enjoyed that tonight? Amen. It's been on my heart and I thought I'd been studying on it. I thought, well, I'll just take a little break here. I was singing so loud, preaching so hard. My wife's like, "Jesse, you were preaching so hard on Sunday." And Z's like, "You're clapping so hard, Daddy. That hurts my ears." I'm like, "I'm sorry, buddy. I get so excited sometimes." So, I'll try to be careful, please. And this is a very small room. Like, we've had Rod tell us that. Lots of people come in here and like, "Brother Jesse, it's so loud in here. Uh, if we stay here, church, I'm just talking now. I'm talking as a trustee, right? If we stay here, we might have to get those sound panels and just hang them up all across. If we stay here, our contracts up next year. But, you know, since she she gave us that concrete walkway out there, I thought, boy, she's been really good to us. You know why she said that? She said, because we've when we walked in here, this place was filthy. She said she did that because we pay our rent early. I pay early every month. I pay like a week or two early every month. just so it's there. She said, "Because you pay early. You guys keep this place in good condition. I want to do something nice for you." And she said, "And you like me." I said, "Well, how could I not like you? You're the best landlord I ever had. You anytime something happens, she's right on it. Boy, she's just Johnny on the spot." We'd say, "Um, but we're thankful, church. We're thankful." So, I just want to check my notes here. Hallelujah. Oh yeah, there was one more thing. Um, but I'll get to that another time. It's not really that important here. So, I'm at the same spot, church. I'm at the same spot. I I still don't I can't understand that we could actually hear from our theophony since a theophony doesn't have a spirit in it. But either way, the Bible says we hear from the Holy Spirit. How many know that by God's grace? So whether it's the Holy Spirit speaking through my theophony or just the Holy Spirit speaking directly to me, I've heard what the Spirit has said to the church. Hallelujah. And I've repented. I've been baptized. I've been filled with the Holy Ghost. I'm hungering and thirsting for more of God's righteousness. That's why we're here tonight. Praise God. I trust you are blessed tonight. Praise God. Let's bow our heads. Father God, we're thankful, Lord God, for tonight, Lord. I'm trying to be cautious of the time and also my voice, Lord. I certainly wore myself out, Lord, on Sunday. But Lord, it reminds us Lord of Father's Day last Sunday, Lord God. And that you are the greatest father. Greatest is such a just a insufficient word to describe you, oh God almighty. The whole earth is full of your glory, Lord. Lord, we thank you for tonight that the complete mystery of what happens when we die, it's been revealed. We have a house waiting. It's an eternal house. Hallelujah. And Lord, we're groaning for that right now. Boy, I'd love to be in a house, God, where I didn't sin. I'd love to be in a house where I didn't make these mistakes like I make here. I'd love to be in a house where it doesn't get tired, doesn't have to sleep. Who's the voice doesn't get sore and doesn't get a sore throat, and Lord, I'd love to just clap in a in a in a theophony body. What would that be like, dear God? Oh Lord, Lord, we groan for that body so that mortality would be swallowed up of immortality, Lord God. So we thank you, Lord, for the word of God tonight, Lord Jesus. If if there's more revelation on this, and we do hear from our theophony that Lord, then you know, I'll be one of the first, I'll gladly be somebody that could accept it, Lord God. [Music] So Lord, we thank you for your love and your mercy, Lord. But certainly we're hearing what the Holy Spirit has said to the church tonight. Hallelujah. Is to love you with all of our hearts, soul, mind, and strength. Confess all of our sins, Lord. To know that we're totally forgiven. And there is a body waiting for us, Lord God. A building not with or a building not made with man's hands, but knit together with the hands of Almighty God. Those eternal hands, Lord God. We're grateful for that tonight, Lord God. Father, we ask your blessing here as we sing and worship, Lord God. Thank you, God, for helping me to watch the time. And I just pray God that
