################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-20 - (11-19-25) Book of Corinthians, Part 24 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-20
Title:   (11-19-25) Book of Corinthians, Part 24 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vs4LtLIVYE
========================================

1 Corinthians 13. I've had this thought for uh sitting here for many weeks just waiting to preach it. So, I feel like I'm going to preach it. Feel like I should preach it tonight. 1 Corinthians 13. What a wonderful weekend, as we said, that we had with our precious brethren, and they're already looking forward to uh Brother Tommy's wife can't wait to come up. Now, think about that. She can't wait to leave her big massive church, drive eight hours to come be with you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. So church member, he said as soon as he walked in, he felt the Holy Ghost. And then he said he just uh knew God's presence was here. And he said that's a very special thing. So I want to thank our young sisters too uh for singing so well. Everybody loves to hear your singing sisters. I guess it's a it's a real blessing by God's grace. You know, we things become common to us, but I just want to thank our little sisters and uh getting to be more mature sisters here. Thank you for singing and it just creates such a beautiful atmosphere. 1 Corinthians 13:4, if you have your Bibles here tonight by God's grace. Let's look at the the book of Corinthians. By God's grace, we're slowly getting towards there, aren't we? We're getting closer to the end of this book. By God's grace, and I'll be happy when it's done in one way, just because it feels like that I've reached a destination. You I've reached a I reached a spot where I can say, "I preach what Paul preached." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's what Brother Ram was told. Remember, he heard the millions, Brother Ram told the voice. He said, "I preach exactly what Paul preached." And the million of voices shouted, "We are resting on that." Hallelujah. And I want your souls and I want my soul to rest upon Paul's gospel. Praise God. Amen. 1 Corinthians 13:4. Now, Lord willing, tonight I'm just going to preach verse four, five, and seven because I got to watch the time. I want to be done in 45 minutes if possible. So, I'm sure you'll pray for me. Amen. Verse four, five, and six. I'll read four and five. Then we can I'm sorry. I'll read four, five, six, and then we can all read seven. Pardon me. Charity suffereth long. This, remember, this is agape. There's at least five types of love we talked about last time. Charity suffereth long and is kind. Charity envieth not. Charity vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up, doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinkketh no evil, rejoicth not in iniquity, but rejoicth in the truth. Let's read this on three. One, two, three. beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeeth all things, endureth all things. May God add as a blessing to his holy word. You may be seated. You can switch over here by God's grace whenever you get the chance. I'm going to try to watch a time. So, Brother Chris It's not. You're right, brother. Amen. Wonderful. Isn't that a beautiful testament? Let's thank the Lord for that. Amen. That is so true, brother. That's why our musicians and those who sing specials, you know, like uh Brother Austin, Sister Naomi, different ones, our children. That's why they'll hear a good song, but it doesn't quite have that anointing till you bring it down to the people that live holy. Amen. We saw that with so many different songs we've sang here and so blessed by that by God's grace. Wonderful. Brother Chris, I appreciate you sharing that, brother. So, u again, we're so blessed to have our brethren here this weekend. Can't wait to have them back. I'm either going to have them back the first week of May or uh for our 20th anniversary meetings there in June. So, I look forward to having them back by God's grace. I just want to keep that fellowship going and uh you know our family every Sunday night after every every weekend we talk about what was our favorite parts of the service and so my children love the part about the diamonds you know the diamonds being sharpened and u we notice how he preached on Job as I preached on Job you know last month as well we got two now two other preachers come and preach on Job right after I preached on Job so it's trying to get us to understand something that God's going to test us and it's not always our fault fault, right? It was Job. It really wasn't his fault. He was just being tested. He overcame by the grace of God. And uh many beautiful thoughts in there. Keep trusting God because Oh, yeah. And even preach, he even preached quotes from the masterpiece. And this summer, I preached the masterpiece to you. I think I preached five parts on the masterpiece. So, it was really special to see that. That brother was nervous. He was like, I'm not, you know, Saturday, he's like, I'm not sure what to preach. I'm not sure what to preach. And uh nice to see that he found the channel of the Holy Spirit by God's grace. So, I was very thankful for that. And church, again, as I said on Sunday, remember he said they went through 30 years of a church, 30 years, and they're just now experiencing the best part of those 30 years. So, what does that tell us? We're 20 years in. We've had some great years, right? But we can still know the best is yet to come by God's grace. And you know what it took, church? It took for the pastor's wife to get cancer to turn that around. Because then he said people started praying with sincerity. and people that had divisions and frustrations with each other repented of it, got everything right, and now the the pastor's wife is cancer-free by God's grace. So, just keep keep that in mind. You know, he's and church, they even had a church split. I don't know if you heard him say that. They had a church split and lots of hard feelings, difficult feelings. Uh and even the church split, that church is 15 minutes away from them. But some of them came back because of the love of God. See, church, no matter what we go through, if you put Jesus first, Jesus is going to take care of his people. &gt;&gt; And as we're going to see tonight, what's the most important gift there is out there? Is it prophecy? Is it being a prophet? Is it being an apostle? The most important gift is the love of God. And so, that's what I felt like their church has displayed that. Now, of course, other churches that are been uh around longer than we have. I'm just a young man. I'm just 45. I'm a young man. You know, I'm sure you'd say you're young, too, as well by God's grace. Uh, but we're young church, you know, so I just thought we could learn so much from these brethren, you know, 30 difficult years and all of a sudden, boom, the miracles start pouring down. But was it was any year wasted in the past? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Do do you think did you ever hear him say that we wasted any years? No, he didn't say that. He said God has a time and season for everything. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. So, we read our text and we've, you know, we've gone through this. I'm not going to go through this tonight because I got to watch the time. But, of course, this was a very uh difficult church. This church was not manifesting the love of God. This church was not manifesting charity. That's why Paul had to write about it. Charity does not divide on pre who's the preacher, right? Who's your favorite preacher? Charity doesn't divide that way. Charity doesn't commit sexual immorality, right? When you got the love of God in your heart. Charity doesn't sue each other. Charity doesn't get drunk. &gt;&gt; Charity doesn't think,"Well, I'm better because I've got more money or I got better clothes than this person." &gt;&gt; Charity doesn't do that. And charity doesn't go overboard with spiritual gifts. Putting too much on gifts and not enough on love. &gt;&gt; Okay? So, we'll look at love here tonight by God's grace. Now, this was the thought. I know I did it bigger than I wanted to, but this thought I had was, you know, last time I preached on this, I showed how Paul's 16 attributes, I thought they got to be foreshadowed somewhere. They were foreshadowed in Exodus 34 when God passed by Moses and he echoed all those nine things, right? Merciful, long-suffering, visiting iniquity to the third and fourth generation. Remember those? We saw a great overlap. I think they shared six attributes out of those 16. And so what do we see? Jesus Christ is the same yesterday in the days of Moses today and forever. Hallelujah. But then I thought if if charity has 16 attributes, which I think it has 17, I might have this wrong. Well, then all of these have to be found in Jesus Christ because he was God manifest in the flesh. So tonight, let's look at the life briefly of the Lord Jesus Christ. Let's look at all the examples of where we see charity in the life of our savior. &gt;&gt; So it's a thought I never had before. The first attribute is charity suffereth long. If anybody suffered long, it was Jesus. Look at Jesus says he now he's in uh probably the second year of his ministry, his three-year ministry, three and a half years. And I brought to him uh to thy disciples and they could not cure this little boy. Then Jesus answered and said, "Now look, he's he's been with them two years. He's doing two years of miracles. And I want you to see how he suffered long." He said, "Oh faithless and perverse generation, how long shall I be with you?" And now look, he's talking to the whole generation, not just his disciples. He's talking to everybody in this generation. They've been 500 years without without a prophet. And Jesus says, "This is a faithless and perverted generation." What if the preacher come in here and said, "You're a bunch of perverts. Your generation, how would you take that? It was the love of God." It doesn't sound like it. It only got one amen, but it was the love of God. I'm joking. Well, isn't it the love of God, though? You're you're in a generation where it's perverted, faithless, have no faith. And that's what the Lord said, right? He long he said, "How long shall I be with you? How long shall I suffer you? Bring him hither to me. If you can't take him to anybody else, bring him to me. I've got faith." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So look, he suffers long with the entire generation. He suffers along with his apostles. Hallelujah. So look at this. He's a man who knows how to suffer. Church, if there's somebody bothering you or you're struggling with, keep suffering with them. You'll know like Jesus. You'll know when when it's time like Jesus to be done with someone. Right? The Bible says in heretic reject after the second or third admonition. So, there is a time to move on if someone's really out of behavior as a Christian or uh if you're not sure if they're a Christian, but keep suffering with them. Keep praying for them. Praise God. As we saw with Brother Tommy, he kept running in and out of the message in and out for years and years. And he said just finally in these last few years, he's been able to be stable. He sent me pictures where he was on his deathbed. He sent me the pictures of when he got burned at Arby's. It was front page news. I I I'm not even sure I'd share that with the children. and how burnt and how how awful he looked and look and but that the people did they ever write him off? No, they suffered long. &gt;&gt; So church, suffer along with people. If they're not living the way you think they should, if they're not living the way they know they should, &gt;&gt; keep suffering with them. &gt;&gt; Because Tommy was proof God can save anyone. &gt;&gt; And I was telling sister Naomi on Sunday, church, you're looking at a pastor. I was so ashamed to say this, but because my dad left me, I hated my dad. I would look at my mom sometimes when she wouldn't let me sin and I'd say, "Mom, I hate you." And yet, she was the one who loved me more than anybody else because she never left me. But I'm letting you know what a sinner says when they're not saved. I wasn't saved, but I was so hurt by my dad that I would uh lash out at my mom and say, "I hate you, Mom." And I didn't. But I was just so in pain I had to lash out at somebody because I had unconfessed sin in my life. And that's when you know you got unconfessed sin when you say you hate people. You shouldn't hate anybody. &gt;&gt; You should just hate the devil. &gt;&gt; But see, what did my mom do? She suffered a long time with me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And what did we got today? I got You got a pastor now because because my mom suffered long. Hallelujah. And God did too. Amen. Charity is kind. Jesus went forth. He saw a great multitude. He was moved with compassion toward them and he healed their sick. So church, if you're sick, remember Jesus has compassion on you. &gt;&gt; He wants you to be well. &gt;&gt; But you got to meet the conditions and you got to pass the test &gt;&gt; and also accept the will of God. &gt;&gt; And when it was evening, his disciples came to him saying, "This is a desert place and the time is now passed. Send the multitude away that they may go into the villages and buy themselves victuals." But Jesus said unto them, "They need not depart. Give ye them to eat." So look what love does. Love says, "I'm going to heal their bodies." And love says, "I'm going to give them food." So see, Jesus cares about all your needs, your physical needs and your spiritual needs. You and I should care with the kindness of agape love about people's physical needs and natural needs and healing needs. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now, Brother Ram told us what true compassion was. Brother Ram used John chapter 5. Jesus walks in. There's a bunch of sick people. But he goes to one man, one man, one impotent man. And he asked him, you know, why don't aren't you healed? And he said, well, I don't have nobody to take me to the water. And Jesus said, rise up, take up your bed, and walk. Brother Ram said, look, look, look at the wisdom. Look at the compassion of Jesus. Did he heal everybody in there? No. He healed one person. But yet, other scriptures say he would go and heal an entire multitude of people. Right? So, we have to understand God's compassion is doing his will, what he knows is best. &gt;&gt; Don't get mad at him if you don't get your way. Just keep loving Jesus. &gt;&gt; You might be the multitude that gets healed. Or you might be that one that's got to wait, what was it? 12 years, 18 years. Church, just keep trusting in God. Like the brother said, don't throw in the towel. You keep waving that towel. Amen. You start keep waving that towel for Jesus. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He's fighting for you, church. He's sending his angels to fight for you. Praise God. just keep passing the test. Jesus is kind. Now, here's the here's the balance, church. So, kindness will only go so far, right? He he turns around and looks at the multitude later on. He says he says, "Truly, truly, I say to you, you seek me not because you saw the miracles, but because you did eat the loaves and were filled." Think about this. At one time Jesus had to turn around and say, "You're only coming to my church because you want a handout." So, see, kindness goes so far. And then it was kindness to tell them you're just after the food or the money, &gt;&gt; right? That's God's kindness. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So, with all these attributes, you have to balance them out and show how and show when to show the other side or we'd say a different form of kindness, correction. And then I love what he says, "Labor not for the meat which perth." You know, he tells them all, "Dude, you're do you're leaving all these things. You're making all this travel. You're spending all this time traveling." He said, "But labor for the meat that endures unto everlasting life." So they would sit through Jesus's long sermons just like they sat through Brother Ram's long sermons just to get something. They weren't really there, though, to do the will of God. Church, I believe you're here to do the will of God. &gt;&gt; You wouldn't come back service after service, uh, week after week. You wouldn't come back except you wanted to do the will of God. &gt;&gt; Right? So be encouraged. Keep laboring for the meat that gives you everlasting life. Who gives it to you? The son of man, the Lord Jesus. For him hath God the Father sealed. So Jesus had to be baptized with the Holy Ghost. I know Trinitarians don't believe that, but that's because they don't believe the Bible. That's because they add to the Bible. And I'm sorry, brother Rod, if I offended you. Forgive me. I wasn't thinking about you, buddy. I'm thinking about that trinitarian I debated. Charity envieth not. Jesus did not envy. Look at the centurion. The centurion speaks the word. Right. He said and he he tells Jesus, "Lord, I'm not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof, but speak the word only and my servant shall be healed." Now, Jesus doesn't say, "Well, boy, maybe I should have done that or something." He doesn't get envious of him. He actually praises him, right? He says, 'When Jesus heard it, he marveled. That's what we need to do, church. We should marvel when we hear those testimonies like we heard on Sunday. Wow, God healed cancer. God raised up, Brother Totty, from that awful heart condition. My God, God can heal a heart when a doctor says you can't lift five pounds, but now he's lifting what? 300. Malachi, what's he lifting now? 300 400 lb. And the doctor said you'll never lift five pounds. Now, which doctor do you want? Jesus or the natural doctor? I'll take I'll thank God for the natural ones, but I want Jesus as my doctor. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. But look, he marvels. He marvels. Wow, this man has great faith. And church, that's what we want to have. We want to rejoice. We should rejoice with the body. We should rejoice when the body rejoices. We should mourn when the body mourns. I'm thankful for those uh testimonies from the brothers down in Kentucky. Now, it should give me a little bit of spiritual covetousness, right? The Bible says covet the best gifts, right? &gt;&gt; But what is the best gift? Again, love, charity is the best gift. So, we have to understand what is God asking us to manifest right now? Charity or does God want to manifest miracles? Laying hands on the sick, they recover. And what what is God trying to manifest? Hallelujah. But we should seek God and God will pour out his blessings on us. Amen. &gt;&gt; Charity does not vaunt itself up. Jesus did not vaunt himself up. Remember, he would do so many miracles like in Matthew 8, he healed a lepous hand, right? And then he said, "See that thou tell no man." Don't go put it all over Instagram, right? Don't go. These preachers post themselves walking all over and doing all their Facebook posts and YouTube posts and oh, we're going to have this meeting and that meeting. Jesus would have said, "Don't do that. Don't. It's not It's not time for that." Right? Jesus was never vaunting himself up trying to make him look like he was uh greater than other people. Right? The Bible said he was uh he was not he had no beauty that we would desire him. He never tried to spend a little more time in the mirror. I just tried to do it so the hair don't fall on my face. That's why I try to do it. If it didn't fall on my face, I wouldn't spend time in the mirror. But you got to do what you got to do. Amen. But see, he never exalted himself. But now there's a balance to this too, saints. What he tell the maniac of Gera? Did he say don't tell anybody? No. So, depending on the timing and when it was time to publish it, he uh says, you know, he now look at that. Isn't that something? He's he's begging him, Lord, let me come with you. You would think the God of heaven would let this demon-possessed man who's now healed come with him on a few trips. I mean, just a few trips. Please, Jesus, God. God, please. Can I make a few trip? Lord, can I make a few trips to Africa with brother Angley? And he did. I mean, I wish I could have made some trips with brother Brandham or I wish today I could make some trips different places. But Jesus said, "You're not making any trips. I need you to stay here and be a light to this city. But what if you wanted to travel? It would take the love of God for you to accept God's will." What does he say? Go home to your friends. You're not called to be a missionary, right? You're not called to be an evangelist, at least not right now. And tell them how I love this scripture when he read it. How great things the Lord had done for you and he had had compassion on you. &gt;&gt; Church, if God's not calling you overseas, then tell somebody about God's love today. &gt;&gt; He loved me so much, brother Austin. He did this for me. Right, brother Claude? Jesus love you so much, he did so and so for you. Tell people if he's not sending you, let's tell him about Jesus. &gt;&gt; He's sending you here. In other words, stay here. &gt;&gt; See, it doesn't vault himself up. And at the right time, God will do something great for you. And then God wants you to testify about it. Jesus uh charity's not puffed up. Jesus was not puffed up. After that last supper, I love this. He rises up. He lays aside his his outer garment, took a towel, and he girds himself. So he ticks sticks the towel like the girding of girding the loins tucks his robe in there or inner garment and then he pours water into a basin and began to wash the disciples feet to wipe them with a towel wherewith he was girded and brother Brandham said the creator washed the very feet he created right and that song says what condescension bringing us redemption the very great someone who uh is outside of all time and eternity comes down and washes the very feet that he created. That is God's love. &gt;&gt; That's humility. And then church, sometimes we'll struggle. Well, do I have to wash that brother's feet or do I have to wash that sister's feet? You can't can't humble yourself. God humbled himself. &gt;&gt; Let's take the Let's take the charity. Let's take that agape and God anoint us and help us to serve other people. &gt;&gt; I'm doing good on time. All right. Praise God. Charity does not behave itself unseemly. Jesus did not behave unseemly. Peter says, "For even here unto wherein or were ye called, because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example that ye should follow his steps." So we can clearly see that we're supposed to follow in the steps of Jesus Christ. Yes. Can we learn from David? Certainly. Uh can we learn from Moses? No doubt. Paul, absolutely. Timothy, all these saints. But our main one to follow is the Lord Jesus Christ. Because he did no sin and there was no guile or no pretending in his mouth. And that's how I want to live my life. Don't you church? I don't want to pretend. I just want to tell it like it is. Hallelujah. And this is how we know he didn't pretend. When he was reviled, he didn't get upset and revile right back. When he suffered, he didn't threaten to hurt other people when he suffered. He held back those threats or the temptation to threaten others. Well, she did this to me. Bless God. I'm going to do this to her. Right? He did this to me. Bless God. I'm going to show him who's boss around here. That wasn't Jesus. When he was reviled, he did not revile again. And he didn't when he was threatened, he didn't threaten other people. But what'd he do? He committed himself to God, the righteous judge. Church, that's what brother Bam calls the power of committ. Right? When you don't know if God's going to do this or answer this request, brother Ram said, just give that commit that over to God and say, "God, I'm just gonna have to trust you." &gt;&gt; And church, there's a lot of things God won't even tell us on this side. we won't know to the other side. So, I'll say like this. Let's just get used to trusting God &gt;&gt; and committing everything in our life to God. Why didn't this work out? Why why didn't this go the way I wanted to go? Let's get used to committing things to that. There's a God who judges righteously in heaven and he'll judge what's right. He'll make sure my life is judged the right way. Hallelujah. You know, some people they, like I said, they they hated God. Like the brother said, he knew people that hated God. And I just said how I hated my mom when really I didn't. I was just wanting to sin. But we got to remember that uh we must trust God. God orchestrates every event, right? There's uh there's councils in heaven, right? Because Satan's there to accuse you day and night. Think about that. Satan took time today to try to bring an accusation against you. &gt;&gt; Guess who stood up for you? &gt;&gt; Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Jesus stood up for you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Now, he might might allow something to happen. He might allow the devil to do this or that, but just trust God. Keep coming to church, giving God a sacrifice of praise. Commit your ways unto the Lord. Behave yourself seemly. Behave yourself righteously. That will prove you've got the love. And a member of church, what does all this prove? What is charity? Charity's love. What is love? God is love. What is God? God's the Holy Ghost. And what are you born again of? The Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. So, what is this? This is all proof. You've got the baptism of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; That's where this actually boils down to. Paul was saying you're not born again. Suing people, sexual immorality, divisions, right? Pride, arrogance, financial uh status higher than others. all these things allowing false preachers to come in and tear up the church. Remember he says that in second Corinthians. He said he he said you're allowing the people to tear you up, deceive you. Now I'm paraphrasing because I can't remember the exact verse, but they were these pastors and and leaders were just letting them get tore up. Maybe I can find it real quick. I don't know if I can uh just by the memory here. There it is. Yep. Go. Okay. Yeah. Go to us if you got your Bible. 2 Corinthians 11 uh 20. a church. By God's grace, I hope you believe I haven't let you be uh hurt and abused by preachers. I've tried to uh invite the right preachers who really have the Holy Ghost. And I try to treat you with love and kindness and respect. I try to show the agape love of Jesus Christ with all that's within me. &gt;&gt; Second Corinthians 11:20, for you suffer if a man bring you into bondage. So they allowed preachers to bring them into bondage. Like you've got to do this, you got to legalism, you got to do this, got to do that. They allowed it. They let that go. They suffered. If a man devour you, so let a preacher just take something from you. Oh, you're struggling. You're not born again. They just took that testimony right from you. Oh, you don't you don't got enough faith. You're never going to be healed. Now, see, we don't let preachers like that come around. At least I don't. Well, I I never will by God's grace. I won't allow it. If they ever say it, I won't invite them back for sure. If a man take you, and I'm not sure what that word means. I haven't looked that up lately. If a man exalt himself, if a man smite you on the face, so literally, I would say literally, but symbolically, they would let the preachers just rebuke them right to their face and like smite him on the face. Uh, in other words, speaking really harshly right to them. Now, church, let's balance that. We all need rebukes sometimes, right? &gt;&gt; Right. But look at all the other fruits of these preachers. Brother Chris, this is uh the connection here uh was with these uh these were all the problems that prove Corinthians didn't have love. Remember back to that previous screen, brother uh this one, they suffered false preachers. All these prove they didn't have the love of God. If you love God, you wouldn't let preachers come in and do that to you, right? If if the pre if the pastors really had the love, the Holy Ghost, they wouldn't let preachers in like that, right? Does that make sense? Give them two classes. That's given there, brother. Good. I got 20 minutes. Oh, we're doing we're doing great. Hallelujah. We're doing great. Amen. Now, Brother Chris and I had a good chat on text about Peter. Remember that, brother Chris? So, Brother Chris said he was on Facebook and he was debating a a a Catholic. What a good guy to debate. That'd be right up our alley, wouldn't it? And uh and Chris made a good point and the guy said something along these lines. Correct me if I'm wrong. Uh he said uh when did Peter give you the authority over Peter? Very good. Yeah, cuz he was getting maybe a little out of order. But the point is he's for me for what I what I and I could be wrong but uh the point I got for that he was trying to say look at all the authority Peter had. So why who are you to debate me if God gave all the authority to Peter? And so I told a text brother Chris back and I went to first Peter 3:15 if you got your Bible. Well, you want to talk about Peter? Let's talk about Peter. You want to see what Peter said about uh debates? You want to see what Peter said about authority? Church, you have every right and authority as a Holy Ghostfilled Christian to testify about the word of God that's been revealed to you &gt;&gt; because the spirit of Jesus Christ is the spirit of prophecy. It's also the spirit of revelation. &gt;&gt; Amen. 1 Peter 3:15. Let's read that. Let's all read together. 1 2 3. But sanctify the Lord God in your hearts and be ready always to give an answer to every man that askketh you a reason of the hope that is in you with meekness and fear. Let's talk about Peter. Amen. Who gave me the authority? Peter gave me the authority. Hallelujah. John gave me authority to prove and try every spirit. &gt;&gt; That's good, brother. That's good. Chris did a good job. He always does a good job standing up for the pe or this the Christian faith on Facebook there. Hallelujah. Amen. And remember, uh, some people, again, I was Yeah, I was sharing this with brother Chris. Some people criticize people that have debates. Well, you would be criticizing St. Paul because St. Paul went in Thessalonica, I'm sorry, also al also Athens in Acts 17 and he debated until he won souls. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; So debating, as long as you got the right spirit, that's of the Holy Ghost. You are fighting devils when you're debating. &gt;&gt; You're fighting the devils of confusion, false doctrine, all those. Hallelujah. Now, charity does not behave itself unseemly. Here's another chance or another opportunity or here's the balance. Jesus rebukes his own apostles for not accepting the women's testimony of the resurrection. So afterward he appeared in the 11 as they sat at meat. Notice Judas is not there because he sold out Christ and upgraded them with their unbelief and hardness of heart. In other words, Jesus said, "You're so hard-hearted." In other words, that'd be like a preacher saying, "Why are we so hard-hearted?" Now, if it's true, let's just say amen to it. &gt;&gt; I don't think you're hard-hearted. I hope you don't think I'm hard-hearted. If I am, come talk to me about my hard heart. I'll try to soften it by God's grace. But he goes, "Now, we know they weren't born again. That's why they were so hard-hearted." Right? But Jesus rebukes them right to their face and upgrades them, right? And so here, you know, we we might think, well, charity uh charity wouldn't rebuke somebody, would it? Yeah, it does. Sure it does. &gt;&gt; What does upgrade mean, church? It means to this was uh this is what this was what I was saying cast it in one's teeth. It just means right in your face telling you exactly what you're wrong. It's like when Paul told uh Peter you're the guilty one. You shouldn't have separate yourself from the Gentiles. Right in your face. That's an upgrading. Imagine he got right in their face and said you should have believed Mary Magdalene. I don't know how he said I'm just being a little over emotional. Maybe dramatizing a little bit. I don't know how my Lord said that. He rebuked him and said, "You've got hard hearts." So it means to revile, reproach. The Lord did that. So but but was he full of charity? &gt;&gt; Yes, absolutely. He was full of God. He was God in the flesh. The word was made flesh and dwelt among us. Charity does not seek its own. Jesus did not seek his own. He said, 'The greatest among you shall be your servant. So especially children, think about who serves you, who cooks you food, who buys you things, who buys you nice clothes. That's your servant, your parents. Now you'll have a chance to grow up than you get to be the servant. Hallelujah. Now, let's be honest. Some of us that are older, we like being served. Wasn't it a lot easier being served? &gt;&gt; Amen. It's a lot easier not having to do all those other responsibilities. Those who have the most responsibilities though, they're the servants and so they're given a greater honor in the kingdom of God. Jesus says, "So the greatest among you are those who serve other people." Whosoever you will be the chiefest is the one that serves everybody. That's the chiefest of the great the great ones among us. Now, we don't like to spend too much time on that. In other words, I don't want to start thinking about who's greater in here, who's the greatest in here. Let's just all try to be humble. Praise God. Let's all just try to res respect and serve each other by God's grace. In other words, if somebody if you see somebody not fellowshipping, they don't have any fellowship, go fellowship with them. You see somebody need some food, get them some food. I'm trying to think of things that uh see somebody drop something, just pick it up for them. Praise God. You know, just simple things. Just be a servant to other people. Now, it's going to start sewing pretty soon. And I'm going to tell you, brothers, brothers, let's be servants. you go out there and you uh wipe off uh the snow off of these sisters cars. Okay. All right. So, Chris and Austin and Claude and Patrick, Malachi, you guys be some real men and you go wipe off the snow off their cars. All right. Remember I said that? Be a servant. Go serve somebody. Help them out. Say, "Uh, can I go start your car for you?" Now, don't lock Don't lock the keys in the car. Okay? That's okay if you did. I'm sure they'd forgive you because Jesus Christ did not come to be ministered to. Jesus Christ came to minister &gt;&gt; and to give his life as a ransom for many. So you should take that same attitude. I did not come to this church to be served. I came here to serve. &gt;&gt; And that proves I have the love of God in my heart. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Find some person to serve. parents are there, it's already built into your life, right? Your grandparents is already built into your life. If you're married, it's already built. You got to serve that other person. Serve them. Serve them well. Hallelujah. But if you don't have that, find some way to serve. If you don't know, come ask me. I'll give you lots of ways to serve. I can start with the trash and the bathrooms and the sweeping. I'll start with the brooms and then get here early before before church and sweep all the leaves out so people don't track leaves in the church. I'll give you some ways to serve. If you want to serve, you want to spray down the pulpit and clean dust off everything, I can give you some ways to serve. If you want to be a servant and be like Jesus, find a way to serve. That's God's love. It's not what are you going to do for me, it's what am I going to do for you. I think that's why I love Brother Rod. He's always trying to serve me. And I'm like, how can I serve this guy? Brother Rod, you're a true servant, brother. I love you, buddy. Love does not seek its own. Jesus did not seek his own. He chose to fast 40 days to overcome according to God's test for his life. The tempter came to him and said, "Command these stones." And he said, "I won't do that because man doesn't live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God." He did not come to serve. Well, I'll have big meals. I'll have a I'll get as much as I want to eat. No. If God's called me to fast, I'm going to I'm going to fast. &gt;&gt; Now, that's a lesson we can learn. Brother Rod tried to share that with us with his test. I hope you're learning it by God's grace. I am. Hallelujah. Jesus did not seek his own. He said, "My meat is to do the will of him that sent me and to finish his work." &gt;&gt; In other words, I'm here to do God's will. Now, everybody can see it as a pastor, you know, everybody can see me. God sent me here to preach, right? And so, for me, it's easy to see God might send me, maybe he'll send me some other place someday. I don't know. But you got to look at your life, too. God sent you to Akran to be a blessing in the church here to serve in the church. But you got also also got to be open, too. God might send you somewhere else. And one way, you know, is you'll be able to obey all the word of God where he's sending you. He won't he won't send you to a place that has no church unless he's calling you to start a church and then you become the servant. You really become the servant. Then like the brother told me, he said he said, "Brother Jesse, you want to start a church?" I'm like, "I feel led to start a church." I said, "What advice you got for me, brother uh brother Brownie?" He said, "You're the church. You've got to do everything." That's what he told me. I'm like, "Okay, sounds good to me. All right, I'll do it. Nobody else wants to do it. I'll do it. You know why? Because I love Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And he said, 'The church will do whatever you do. Amen. They'll follow your example. &gt;&gt; So if you serve, you'll have servants in your church. And I love this. He was not seeking his own. He look, he didn't even want his own will. He didn't even want to I'm sorry. his he wanted to live longer but he wanted to do God's will more than his own will because in his own will he wanted to keep living. He said Lord if it be possible remove this cup from me but nevertheless not my will but thine be done because the love of God does not seek its own desire. The love of God says I'll take God's way. And church, you know what it is? It's usually the harder way. It's a really good clue there. If you're wondering which way is God's way, uh, it's probably the harder one. Stay with the word of God. &gt;&gt; Charity is not easily provoked. Jesus was not easily provoked. Look, the chief priests and elders were accusing him. Oh, that's right. When he was there in Caiaphas's house, and Pilate says, uh, hearest thou not how not many things they witness against thee. and he answered him never a word in so much that the governor marveled greatly. So Jesus kept himself so composed after all these accusations. He didn't say one word that the governor was marveling like how can this guy not be provoked. They're saying all these things against him. Malachi's getting so teased at work, yet he's not being provoked. And right, the children at school, you're getting maybe mistreated, but you're not easily provoked. You can just walk on and still love them. The neighbor girl comes over and tries to get mad at you, but you don't get easily provoked. That's the love of God. That's love. That's the Holy Ghost. Brother Jess, I want the Holy Ghost. I want the Holy Ghost. Right. Here's what it produces right here. do this and then you'll know you got it. Praise God. Because anybody can say they got it, but your life proves if you got it or not. &gt;&gt; I'm under 10 minutes here and I'm going to keep my word. Let me set another timer so I don't forget there. This is real love. Love is not easily provoked. Oh, that one brother sent me one email. Oh, yeah. I just had a good testimony. Yes, I had a good testimony. a certain uh brother called me up and explained the situation and he was angry at another brother and I said, "Well," I said, "I've been through this recently." I said, "Do Matthew 18 with him. If you got any concerns, go to oneonone." And then I sent him the letter that I wrote to uh individuals in our church when they sinned against me. So, I shared that with them so they could see that. And I got a message back from this brother, this precious brother, and he said, "I want to tell you, brother Jess, thank you for talking with me. I was so angry, but all my anger towards that individual has gone away &gt;&gt; because love doesn't get easily provoked. &gt;&gt; And we're all we're all tempted to get provoked, but then God, hey, you know what? That brother called me. That brother never calls me, brother. This guy called me all the loose. I know this is God. If he never calls me and he calls me and wants to talk to me, I'm not even his pastor. He wants to talk to me, it must be God. But I see the fruits of it now because he the devil's trying to get him really quickly provoked. But the Holy Ghost stepped in. &gt;&gt; It says, "Now I just I don't feel that anger. Now I feel the love of God." &gt;&gt; Jesus was not easily provoked. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like this one. He tells him, "You you have the key of knowledge and you're keeping people out and you're not even entering in yourself. You're hindering people from getting to heaven." And the church said, "There's all these preachers hindering people from actually getting to heaven or getting sanctified or getting the Holy Ghost." &gt;&gt; And he said these things unto them and the scribes and the Pharisees. Now look, they began to urge him vehemently, which means they're using all this emotion. Come on. Come on, Jesus. Answer this. Answer this. And provok him to speak on many things. They were lying in wait for him trying to catch him and catch something out of his mouth that they might accuse him. They were only, See, that's why people are only, the devils are only trying to argue with him, fight against you to get you to say something wrong. They're just trying to stir you up. But love will avoid that. &gt;&gt; I'm not going to let them stir me up. I'm gonna say, "Sir up for Jesus." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; See, church, there's a time God calls you to fight against them or debate, there's a time to be silent as well. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Look at these. They're urgent and they're just, "Come on, Jesus. What about this? What about Moses? What about this?" Jesus just waits. You're not going to provoke me. Now, we should tell the devil that tonight. You're not going to provoke me, Satan. You're trying to get my emotions all stirred up. You're trying to uh frustrate me. You're not going to frustrate me. &gt;&gt; I'm going to commit my situation to God. Amen. Amen. I'm going to commit commit my soul to the righteous judge who sits at the right hand of the majesty on high. Not going to provoke me, Satan. Get behind me, Satan. Hallelujah. I'm almost done. I got five minutes here. Let me see where I'm at just because I I do have a place I want to end. Okay, thinkketh no evil. Jesus thought no evil. Even when Judas kissed him, he said, "Friend, wherefore out thou come?" He knew why he was coming, but he wanted to hear the hear Judas say it. But even this, he calls him friend. Church, I mean, I guess I could balance this one. I didn't have a slide for but Jesus also called people serpents and children of their father the devil. So there's a balance to this too. Charity will not think any evil. Now I just thought about this brothers with our mind battles with lust we should think no evil. &gt;&gt; I just thought of that. Jesus I love this. I just preached on this. Remember a couple weeks ago when Jesus lifted up himself from the woman caught adultery. Look he thinks no evil. He says where are your accusers? Hath no man condemn thee? And she said, "No man, Lord." And Jesus said unto her, "Neither do I condemn thee. Go and sin no more." Jesus didn't think, "Oh, this woman probably did this and she's such an awful whoremonger and she's all these things and she's such a He didn't think no evil." He just said, "He that never committed sin, go ahead and cast the first stone." And the smartest and oldest man walked away first. God give us grace to be wise. Hallelujah. Jesus didn't think evil. Well, she probably did this. She probably did that. She probably did this. She probably deserves this. He didn't think no evil. He let the word discern who's not guilty. Hallelujah. Who hasn't sinned before? &gt;&gt; Charity church. The love of God rejoices not in iniquity. Jesus did not rejoice iniquity. He was burdened for Jerusalem. He said, "Jerusalem, that which killst the prophets, and sownst them which are sent unto thee, how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gatherth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not," Brother Chris, no problem, buddy. Thank you, sir. So Jesus was not rejoicing in the fact that Jerusalem rejected him as Messiah. He was burdened for them. He said, "I tried. I tried to love you. I tried to bring you into this, but you wouldn't do it. You wouldn't follow along with me." He didn't rejoice in their iniquity. And I love this. I mentioned this a few weeks ago. I love this was a good meme I found. I guess it's kind of a meme. People say, "Oh, you need to be so loving that you don't call people names." And they say, "Jesus never called anybody names. Uh, you forgot to read the book of Matthew and Luke and John." Jesus called people hypocrites, fools, blind vipers. He called them dogs. He said, "Don't cast your pearls before swine." He called Herod a fox. Now, church, I'm not telling you to use all these name calling things all the time, but I'm just letting you know there are times God allows people to name call if they're under the spirit of the Lord. &gt;&gt; But you shouldn't be looking for that opportunity. I can't wait to call somebody a swine. That's that's not the right attitude, right, church? But Jesus was speaking on spiritual terms, right? And he knew by God would let him know with certain individuals which way they were going. Remember, he didn't he didn't know who touched him, right? The woman with the blood, he didn't know. He said, "Who who touched me?" He didn't know that. He didn't know all things. He didn't even know the day or the hour he was going to come back in the rapture, right? But God let him know very much. He knew so much, but he didn't know everything because he in his humanity, the human side was fully human, yet it had a word divine nature. In his soul, he had the fullness of God in his soul. The fullness of God had dwelt in him bodily. But I just want to encourage you with that. Somebody says, "Well, you shouldn't call people names. You don't have the love of God." You haven't read your Bible enough. Jesus had the love of God and he called names numerous times. That's a small list. I'll tell you that. That's a small list because he called the Pharisees, "You two-fold sons of hell than your fathers." Right? He really rebuked them by I'm coming up on my time here. Okay, so let's see. Um yeah, and remember he said uh he he didn't rejoice in iniquity because he tells these people that did miracles but they lived in iniquity, "I never knew you. Depart from me, ye workers of iniquity." In other words, I don't delight. I'm glad you do miracles, but I don't delight in your life if you're not living and obeying the word of God when you leave the church or leave the campaign or leave the uh the big meeting or the revival services. You need to live holy when you leave the revival service. You got to keep the revival going. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And then here's what he says. So this proves, church, this proves we're not workers of iniquity because we hear the preaching and what do we do? We go live it. &gt;&gt; Then when you live it, it becomes your foundation. It's the rock that you build your testimony on. I heard brother Jesse preach it. I heard brother Brad preach it. I'm not I'm going to go live it now. Now you're standing on a rock. And you're not a worker of iniquity. You're a worker of righteousness. I'm going to close with this. Uh that's I'll save that for Sunday. Oh my. All these attributes. Where are they all at, church? They're all where? They're all in Jesus. All these all these attributes of love. I want to be a loving Christian and I want the love of God. I want the greatest gift. Do you? If you do, you got to get it from Jesus. Hallelujah. Because they're all in Christ. And Christ comes to us in the form of the Holy Ghost. The Bible said there's one God, the Father, and we in him. Oh, that clock's off. Is that right? What's your clock say? But you got to watch them. Mine says 7:40. Anybody got to watch on that says 7:45? Am I blind? Okay, that's a little fast there. A fresh battery in there. But there's one God, the Father, of whom are all things. So where where does all things come from? The Father. And we are in him. Aren't you glad you're in God? Hallelujah. You're in the mind of God. &gt;&gt; And one Lord Jesus Christ by whom are all things and we by him. So we are in God's mind. Right? We are we came from God's mind. And I'll say it like this. We're also in his book. &gt;&gt; Our names are written in his book, church. Amen. And what does Paul say? Paul says in Christ are hid. Well, what does that mean? You got to go find them. Who didn't like a good uh uh scavenger hunt when you were in school? Who didn't like going outside and doing a scavenger hunt, right? That that's what that's what the Bible's saying here. All these treasures are hidden Christ. You got to go find them. You got to get on your knees and pray. &gt;&gt; You got to get in your Bible. You got to open up that Bible and read. You got to listen to Brother. You got to read the church age book. There's all these treasures. Where are they hiding? They're in Christ. All these attributes of love. How can I be more long-suffering? How can I overcome my envy? How can I overcome uh my impatience? How can I overcome these things? By finding the treasures in Christ. That's how you overcome. And church, is it some treasures or is it all treasures? So, anything you need tonight, you can find it hidden in Christ. &gt;&gt; The question is, will you go find it? I know you're going to I know at least you're getting something here. Hallelujah. But we got numerous days in between our services. So tomorrow, let's go find some hidden things in Christ. Oh, thank God. Amen. Hallelujah. This is my last two script last three scriptures. For it became Jesus for whom are all things. All these attributes of charity. And by whom are all things in bringing many sons of glory. How many sons and daughters have come to glory? &gt;&gt; I have. You have. Amen. He's brought us from glory unto glory. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's right. to make the captain of their salvation perfect through suffering. So Jesus is the captain and we carry out all of his orders. Hallelujah. He's our captain. He's our example. We follow him. If he loved like this, we love like that. If he gave if he ministered like this, we should min like minister like this, too. I love this. For both he that sanctified. So Jesus that sanctified and they who are sanctified are all of one. That's how you know you're one with Christ. You live a sanctified life. You love the way Christ loved. &gt;&gt; It's not always loveydvey like that's okay if you keep doing that. Sometimes it's like why are you just asking me for food all the time, right? Why don't you try to get closer to God? What are you going to fast and pray? And the church said &gt;&gt; sometimes that's hard. &gt;&gt; But that's love. That's God's love. At some point, you have to call out people's desires. If they're wrong, call them out and try to get them into the truth. They have the wrong desires. You should be kind. You should give food. But there should be times you should say, "When are you going to get right with God?" For which cause Jesus Christ is not ashamed to call you his brother. He's not ashamed because you've kept his word. You kept his word. Brother Chris, you've seen your life cleaned out, sanctified. Hallelujah. So, he's not he's not ashamed to call you. You're my brother. Hallelujah. God knew you. God chose you in his mind. Your whole family, God chose you first, Chris, to come to the truth of the gospel. Right, Sister Beatus? God chose you. Amen. To come to this message. Come to the truth of the Bible. So, he's not ashamed because you've left that because he you've let him sanctify you, clean out your life. He's not ashamed to say, "These are my brethren. These are my children. These are my people. This is my family. Last verse. And this is just what I read in the church age book this morning. Jesus said, "I'm alpha. I am omega. I'm the beginning and the end, sayeth the Lord. I am which is, I am which was, and I am which is to come, the Almighty." Brother Ram said, "Jesus Christ is all of it." &gt;&gt; So anything we need out of those 16 attributes, church, we can find it one place. Where can we find it? Jesus. Let's stand to our feet. Musicians can come. It's 7:44. How many enjoyed hearing about Jesus tonight? &gt;&gt; How many want to love like Jesus? &gt;&gt; Amen. You got a song in your heart now. Did you? Which one was it? Yes. I was gonna say I want to live the way he wants me to live. That's Yeah, I like that. To be like Jesus. Oh, I just want to be like Jesus church. That's all I want. I just want to love like Jesus Christ. Sometimes it's rebuking. Sometimes it's being silent. Sometimes it's being silent, just saying nothing at all. Sometimes it is pouring out compassion. There's hope for each one of us that we can show the love of Jesus Christ if we repent of our sins, receive his word, and church, if we go act on that word, we can manifest the love of Jesus Christ tonight. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, I love you. I love that you were so loving. You were completely, holy, fully loving. If anyone ever loved perfectly, Lord Jesus, it was you. We know you're the only one who never sinned. So, we come to you tonight. We know you sanctified us, Lord God. And so, we know we're your children tonight. Help us, Lord. I pray you'd continually sanctify us, Lord. We know the the human mind needs a daily sanctification. Lord God, Paul said, "Be renewed day by day in the spirit of your mind." So God, I pray for this church. Thank you for our faithful saints that keep coming back. We're so thankful for our visitor, Brother Rod. Lord Jesus, Lord, let each person hunger and go find the hidden treasures in Christ. May they hunger to be more loving. May they hunger to be more like Jesus. God, I want to be like you. I want people to see Christ in me. Lord God, thank you that that brother saw Christ in me to take away the anger. But Lord, I know I don't live it right every single day, Lord God. And I want more love in my life, Jesus. I want more love tonight, God. So I ask you, help me to love you more, Lord God. Help me to repent in any area of my life so I can have the love of God flowing through me. Lord, I pray for the your people tonight, your brethren. I pray for the church. They would not envy. They would not puff themselves up. And I pray the same for me. Help me not to be prideful. Help us to think no evil. Dear God, help us to suffer long. Help us to be kind. Help us to show the love of Jesus Christ. Oh God, this is such a beautiful lesson Paul gives a church that is embroiled with problems. Problems everywhere you look. And he says there's one answer to this. It's the greatest gift and it's not tongues and it's not interpretation and it's not wisdom. The greatest gift is the love of Jesus Christ. God, may we have the love of Jesus Christ in this church, Lord God. Oh God, thank you that the brothers see it, Lord. Thank you that the sisters see it when they visit, Lord God. Oh God, that's my one request. Keep us little, humble us, whatever you have to do to keep us walking in the love of Jesus Christ. May we seek for those hidden treasures of love. I did not get through all 16 or 17 attributes. So Lord, if you should terry, help us to continue looking at these to make sure our lives have these type of attributes because I want to be like Jesus on earth. I long to be like him. God, help me to be like Jesus. Help me to be like you, Lord Jesus. Help your people here to be like you today. May I pray for them?
