################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-18 - (12-17-25) In The Cleft of the Rock - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-18
Title:   (12-17-25) In The Cleft of the Rock - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdJFYwBzklk
========================================

Trying to watch the time here by God's grace 30. Exodus 33:21. You know, I I preached on uh Moses uh being in the cliff of the rock in the Corinthians series, but I never felt like I got down to the bottom of it of it. Um, so tonight I'm going to look at that. Tonight I'd like to preach on In the Clif of the Rock tonight by God's grace. Psalm 33:21. I'll read 21 and 22. Then we can all read 23. The Bible declares, "And the Lord said, Behold, there is a place by me, and thou shalt stand upon a rock. And it shall come to pass while my glory passeth by that I will put thee in a clift of the rock and will cover thee with my hand while I pass by. Let's read verse 23. Ready? One, two, three. And I will take away mine hand, and thou shalt see my back parts, but my face shall not be seen. May God add the blessing to the word. You may be seated by God's grace. So in case I have a few slides here by God's grace. So I just you know want to give a background here before we get to the main part of this in the cleft of the rock. We kind of had this in my notes for a number of weeks here. Just kind of waiting for the right time Chris. Yeah. Yeah. has two. Yeah, you're right. Has two applications because the Bible says we're going to see it now. We look in the face of Jesus Christ. So, the Bible says that in 2 Corinthians 6, but there's another element to it where no man can live in God's presence, right? So, there's there's an element where no human mortal can stand the full power and glory of God. There's two points to that. Yeah. It Yeah, it was showing how we were going to see in in Christ, we were going to see all of God. But then there's another element. Nobody can see God and live. That's still true today. Give two claps. That's a good question. That's a good question. Great question. But excellent. Now, um I'm gonna just background Exodus 33. U you know, up to this point, think of up to this point of Moses's life, he's seen God's power. This I kind of labored on this a little bit when I preached it because he seen the plagues, all the plagues on Egypt. He saw the Red Sea parted. He saw God's authority because he saw God take his finger and write the tables of stone. And then Moses threw them down and broke them because he was so upset with the people. But he saw that he saw God's provision. He saw mana uh fall from heaven. He saw water come out of a rock. He saw God's holiness. He saw the pillar of fire start out before them and then it shifted to the back. Right? He saw they all saw it go. And then he saw God's mercy constantly forgiving Israel. He stood in the gap. Him and Aaron stood in the gap, right? Uh numerous times. But now he wants to know who God truly is, not just what he does. Hallelujah. And so we get this revelation. No matter what miracles we've seen, the workers of iniquity have seen the miracles. &gt;&gt; So in other words, lots of people can see miracles and they still go unchanged in their hearts, &gt;&gt; in their works, because they're workers of iniquity. They just do iniquity disobedience every day. But the real believer, they appreciate all that God does, his power, his word, his authority, his acts, but they also want to know his heart as well. &gt;&gt; And so that's what we see in Moses. Moses had seen everything a man could see. Brother Ram said he spoke uh invisible things into existence, right? But Ram said uh even Jesus didn't do that, right? So God let Moses do these great and mighty works. Now, of course, Moses never raised somebody from the dead like Jesus. So remember, Moses was a type of Christ. Uh Moses said, "God will raise up a prophet likened unto me." And of course, nobody can do greater works than Jesus Christ. But it was Jesus and Moses. Hallelujah. Creating all things. But just to kind of go quickly here, the law was given in Exodus 20-23. Moses partially see God's glory in chapter 24 because he goes up on the mount. He comes down and his face is glowing. So he gets to see partial amounts of God's glory. And then he gives instructions for the tabernacle. I think this is beautiful. God gives his law. And then God says, "I want to live amongst you." Don't you think that's beautiful? He calls them out of Egypt. He says, "Now that you're out here, now you're a priesthood. I want to live with you." Hal and church. God wants to live with you, too. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank God. And now he tabernacles in us. Amen. Hallelujah. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. And then Israel makes one of their biggest mistakes ever. they uh make a golden calf uh even before the prophet can return with the tables of stone and that's when Moses throws down the tables of stone. Moses intercedes, right? So God doesn't destroy Israel. And that's where we pick up here by God's grace. In verse 12, Moses said unto the people, see that thou sayest unto me, bring up this people, and thou hast not let me know whom thou wil send with me. So Moses says, you've called me out, but you haven't told me who's going with me. Yet hast thou said, I know thee by name, and thou hast found grace in my sight. So you told me you know my name and but I still don't know who's going to go with me. You told me all these things, but I don't know who's going with me. Now therefore, I pray thee, if I found grace in thy sight, show me now thy way, that I may know thee, that I may find grace in thy sight, and consider that this nation is thy people. Hallelujah. And God said, I love what God answers. See, church, if you ask God for something sincere, God will give it to you. Now look, Moses doesn't ask for more miracles, does he? He's seen the miracles. He wants to know who's going with me, God, because I'm going for you. And I need to know that you're going with me or somebody's going with me. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. I want this mighty God who I've seen all his mighty acts of miracles. I want to know which way is he going, which way does he want me to go, and who's going to go with me? And God answered so sweetly. He said, "My presence shall go with thee, and I will give thee rest." Hallelujah. What a promise. Amen. Hallelujah. God's called me out of Egypt, church. God's called you out of Egypt. God's brought you through the Red Seas of water baptism. &gt;&gt; You've seen God do great things, which are great and mighty things. But we also want God to go with us along the way. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So, what a promise. My presence will go with you. And and the Bible says Jesus said, "I'm sending the Holy Ghost." So, my presence, the comforter, will be with you always. So God's comfort is promised to be with us as well. And he said unto him, "If thy presence go not with me," I love these words, "Carry us up, not hence. If you don't go with me, I don't want to go." &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, if you don't help me be a pastor, I don't want to be a pastor or father or husband or any teacher, whatever it is. Lord, I only want to do it if you're with me. Praise God. &gt;&gt; If you ask that kind of request, God will be with you. Amen. &gt;&gt; In other words, I don't want to go anywhere. I don't want to do anything. I don't want to make any decisions unless I know God's in that decision. &gt;&gt; For where and shall it be known here that I and thy people have found grace. How's it going to be known? Is it not in that thou goest with us? The only way that this is going to be worth anything is if you go with us. That's the only way we're going to know that we're in the right path is if you show yourself among us. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; So shall we be separated, I thy people, from all the people that are upon the face of the earth. We're, in other words, we're a small little message group. But as long as you're with us, God, then we're happy being just a small group. Hallelujah. We're just a real small humble little flock. Amen. But as long as God's here, that's all that matters. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We know he's not in the Jezebel religion, the Jezebel systems, we know he's not in them. So, he's got to be somewhere. God, be with us. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. And then the Lord said unto Moses, "I will do this thing also that thou hast spoken, for thou hast found grace in my sight, and I know thee by name." Church, God knows your name. God knows the hairs of your head. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He knows you're rising up and you're laying down. And the thoughts you think are far off before you even get to those thoughts, &gt;&gt; as we saw last week by God's grace. &gt;&gt; Amen. And then he said, 'I beseech, in other words, I beg you. I plead with you, show me thy glory. Wasn't the plagues enough glory? Wasn't the Red Sea enough glory? Wasn't the finger of God enough glory? But Moses knows there's something greater than those miracles. Oh my. Hallelujah. Lord, show me something that's greater than the miracles. See, church, if there's a deep call in your soul, there's got to be a deep to respond out somewhere. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. &gt;&gt; Somewhere God's got to answer. If there's more of God, there's got to be more of God to be had. &gt;&gt; And so what does God say when he asked for his glory to be seen? I'll make all my goodness. This is the goodness of God. The glory of God is his character as we preached on. And I'll proclaim the name of the Lord before thee. So what is God's glory? His name, his goodness, his character. And I'll be gracious to whom I'll be gracious. and will show mercy um on whom I will show mercy. If God has showed you mercy, you ought to realize that he knows your name. You're a child of God. He's called you out of your sinful lifestyle. And God is going to go with you on this journey. &gt;&gt; And he said, "Thou can not see my face, for there shall no man see me and live." That's the shikina glory, brother. That's the all the power of God. Whereas John almost fell down as dead. That's the power we're talking about. Now remember church, don't forget this. We'll get to this in a moment. It was death for God to pass by Moses in the fullness of his power. Any man would die in the fullness of his power. And the Lord said, "Behold, there's a place by me." Aren't you glad? Hallelujah, church. And thou shalt stand upon a rock. Aren't you glad God's got a place beside him? Amen. &gt;&gt; Remember, John had that place. John leaned upon his bosom. The one whom Jesus loved. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah, &gt;&gt; church. We're the one that Jesus loves. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We're in a place beside him because we know his heart. We know his word. We've got thus sayaith the Lord. &gt;&gt; Not thus sayith the Catholic Church. &gt;&gt; Or thus sayith the p the Pentecostal church, Jose, right, brother? We got thus sayaith the Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; So don't see yourself as far away. You've got a place right by God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. and you got a place to stand. And it shall come to pass while my glory passes by that I'll put thee in a cleft of the rock and I will cover thee with my hand while I pass by. Right? Going to cover with his hand. And I will take away my hand, and thou shalt see my back theophony parts, but my face shall not be seen, for no man will see God's face and live. Chapter 34. And the Lord said unto Moses, "He the two tables of stone like unto the first." In other words, do that again because you ruined them. You got to learn this lesson. So he the stones. And I'll write upon these tables the words that were in the first tables which thou breakest. Moses, you broke them. So you got to you got to make up for it and you got to do it again. Church. Any lesson you don't learn, you're going to have to keep going through that lesson until you learn it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. God's going to make you go through that again. Look, he break it. He threw it down. And God said, "You're going to do it again." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But isn't he isn't he still going to see God's glory? Yes. See, we're God's still going to show us his glory, but he's still got to teach us to obey the word of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And learn from our mistakes. Don't make the same mistake if you can help it. &gt;&gt; I like this. When are you going to do it, Moses? When are you going to make up for this? You better get ready in the morning. David said, "You'll hear my voice when?" In the morning. Early in the morning, I'll seek you. Seek. Get up early. Pray. Read your Bible. Get on your knees. Go in your prayer closet. And be ready in the morning and come up in the morning under Mount Si. And present thyself. My does that sound familiar? Romans 12. Present yourselves a living sacrifice unto God. And the church said, "Hallelujah. In the morning, and that's when I'll transform your mind." Oh, there it is. Amen. I didn't really see it till now. Hallelujah. God's going to transform Moses's mind. Hallelujah. So he can know the GLORY OF GOD. HE HAS TO SEE God's glory. God said, "Get up early. I'll show you my glory." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And then present yourself to me in the top of the mountain. I'm going to give you a mountaintop experience. How many want a mountaintop experience? Hallelujah. And no man should come up with thee. In other words, in other words, it's just you and I, God. Don't bring your brother Aaron. Just you. You want to see me, you come in the morning. Now that was preaching right there. Amen. And no man should come up with thee, neither let any man be seen throughout all the mount. Neither let the flocks nor the herds feed before that mount. Just you and me, Moses. And he h heed two tables of stone like in the first. He had to go back and do the first works. And Moses rose up early in the morning and went up unto Mount Si as the Lord commanded him. and he took in his hand two tables of stone. Now, I showed that picture last time, but I realized with that one, he can't see God in that one, right? Because looks like his I can't see his face. So, he must be facing towards the inside of the rock. So, I like the picture, but then I realized he looks like he's not even facing, you know what I mean? Like he he's facing the wrong way. So, I found a better one. I like that one. He said, "I'm going to cover you." I like it because he covers you with his hand. Now, Moses probably didn't have that long a hair. He was a man. Okay. He was not under a Nazarite vow as far as I know. I bet he had a big beard though like Jose. And the Lord descended in the cloud and stood with him there and proclaimed the name of the Lord. This is exactly what Moses asked for. If you delight yourself in the Lord, God will give you the desires of your heart. Amen. You want to SEE GOD'S GLORY? GET up in the morning. Hallelujah. Seek God. Present yourself before God. Make a sacrifice and God will show you his glory. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He'll show you his fame, his reputation, his glory. Now, this is a repeat slide that I used last time. What follows will tell us mo tell Moses why God is famous. The Lord passed by and said, "The Lord, the Lord, God, merciful and gracious, long-suffering and abundant and goodness is truth." So, this is beyond miracles. This is beyond plagues. This means more to Moses than the parting of the Red Sea. Was knowing God's character, keeping mercy for thousands. And Moses was going to need mercy. He already already was a murderer. Forgiving iniquity. There's the murder. And transgression and sin, and that by no means he'll clear the guilty, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children, and upon the children's children, unto the third and to the fourth generations. So, there's 11 attributes. We saw right with the the the series on on the book of First Corinthians. There's 11 attributes God lists here. Now, I could there could be off one or the other. I might have combined them or split them up too too much, but I'm not making a doctrine. I'm just showing. There's lots of attributes God lists here. This is God's glory. Moses said, "Show it to me." God said, "Here you go." Now, what are you looking for? WHAT KIND OF GLORY are you looking for? Hallelujah. If you're A CHILD OF GOD, THIS IS ENOUGH. HALLELUJAH. IF YOU'RE A CHILD OF GOD, THIS IS GOD'S GLORY. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; That God is merciful to me when I don't deserve it, Brother Patrick. God is gracious to me, Brother Claude, when I don't deserve it. He's long-suffering with me. He's abundant in goodness to you and I. He gives us the truth, and he keeps mercy not just for us, but thousands of us. He forgives all my iniquities. He heals all my diseases. Hallelujah. If I can quote David. He forgives my transgressions. My sins. Three types of sins. Iniquity, transgression, sin. And that no means will clear the guilty. So we saw the overlap in the blue. We saw the overlap. These are the same attributes Paul picks up and said, "This is love, and God is love, and the greatest gift of all is love." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. This is God's love. So we see Paul echoing some of these important attributes of God where if we understand this, if we see this, we've seen God's glory. Hallelujah. So Exodus chapters 20 through33, it goes from God's power to God's presence because God said, "I'm gonna come stand right by you on the rock. Me, I'm coming. You're gonna stand by me." It moves from his law to his love. He forgives all of our iniquities. Amen. Hallelujah. It moves from his acts to his attributes. Who God is. This is what God is like. He asks, Moses asks to see God's glory because the miracles can be seen from a distance, but his glory is only revealed to one man. Oh, church. His glory is only REVEALED TO ONE CHURCH. THAT'S THE BRIDE OF CHRIST. HALLELUJAH. THEY'RE NOT DENOMINATIONS ARE NOT SEEING GOD'S GLORY. THEY DON'T SEE THE GLORY of the seven seals and the revelation of THE WHOLE BIBLE TIED PERFECTLY TOGETHER. THEY DON'T SEE THAT. Only one church SEES IT, THE BRIDE OF Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; I know cuz I used to not be in the bride of Christ and now I am. Praise God. And I say, we didn't see IT DENOMINATIONS, BUT NOW WE SEE GOD'S GLORY. &gt;&gt; Like I showed you with that uh what like I posted that video last week. They're all arguing about uh Kurt Cameron and and hell's not eternal. And these people are so blind they can't even see that when you give someone eternal punishment, you're giving them eternal life. They're so blind. And I'm not being harsh. I'm just saying they're not getting God's secrets. Those people are not they're not up by God on the rock. They're not up there standing or leaning upon the bosom of Jesus. They're leaning on their creeds. Church, does everybody see that? That's just one example. What about women preachers and women cutting hair and speaking in tongues as the evidence? Look, ALL THESE THINGS, CHURCH, I'M TRYING TO TELL YOU, THEY'RE NOT IN THE BOSOM OF JESUS. YOU'RE IN THE BOSOM of Jesus. &gt;&gt; It's not to exalt us. I would never do that. It's not to make you prideful. It's to make you humble &gt;&gt; to realize you've got God's glory. Now live in it. If you want to see it, you know how to do it. Present yourself before the Lord like Moses. And Moses made haste and bowed his head toward the earth and worshiped. Did it make him prideful? Did he say, "I'm the greatest prophet of ALL TIME. I KNOW GOD'S GLORY." NO, it made him humble and he bowed his face to the ground. I asked for God's glory. He showed me his glory. God is merciful. God is long-suffering with me. Hallelujah. God's God's attributes are on full display. And he said, 'If I now have found grace in thy sight, oh Lord. Let my Lord, I pray thee, go among us. So you've met me, now go among us as well. For it is a stiff necked people. This church is stiff necked. I'm not talking about us. I don't think we are. As I show with the Corinthians, all those 10 sins, we don't have any of them as far as I know. Now, we've we've got sins, but none of those. and pardon our iniquity and our sin and take us for thine inheritance. Lord, we want to be your inheritance. Hallelujah. We want to be your wife. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We want to be your people. We want your name. We want your ring. Hallelujah. We want to be the true bride of Jesus Christ. Make us your own. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And he said, "Behold, I'll make a covenant before all the people. I will do marvels such as has not been done in all the earth, nor in any nation. And all the people among which art which thou art shall see the work of the Lord, for it is a terrible thing that I will do with thee. Church, may everybody see the work of God in your life. Isn't that what we want, church? What could be more beneficial than that? That than than people saying, "Wow, God is really working in Malachi's life. God is. Wow, bro. God is work really working in brother Jose's life. I could put all your names in there, but what greater thing could there be than for people to look at you and say, "Wow, God's with that person. &gt;&gt; God's with them. They know God more than I do." He said, "I'm going to make a covenant." Now, look at the covenant. Observe the commands. Drive out your sin. Hallelujah. Drive out your sins. Don't live amongst it. Drive it out. Don't let sin stay there. Get rid of it. Take heed to thyself. In other words, look at look at your own life lest you make a covenant with sin. Look at your life. The Bible Paul told Timothy, "Examine yourself, right? Look at yourself. Take heed to thyself under the doctrine because if you preach and they get saved, you get saved also." Then he said, "But ye shall destroy their altars. Destroy any sin that causes you to stumble. Destroy it. Get rid of it." and observe God's word. &gt;&gt; This is the reaction. Just knowing God's glory. What did you expect? &gt;&gt; What did we expect? Do we expect to memorize the Bible? Was that what Moses expected to do? No. He just wants to live the Bible. Amen. He just wants to to to hate sin and love righteousness. And that will be enough for Moses. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Lord, just forgive ALL MY SIN. STAY WITH US. Stay with your people. Let people see your work in my life and help me not to love sin. Help me to hate sin and drive it out of my life. &gt;&gt; For thou shalt worship no other god. For the Lord whose name is jealous, I love that. Is a jealous God. There's seven letters in that name, too. It's interesting. Seven. It's completion. He's a jealous God. His name is jealous. So church, tomorrow when you pray, say, "Dear heavenly father, jealous father." that we're under the law, right? Under the law. But the Bible says that in the New Testament as well. I think it's in the book of James. The spirit uh lusts against uh Yeah. I have to look it up. Yeah. Uh give me a second here. You find it before I do. Let me know. Hebrews and James. Hopefully I can find it here by God's grace. But the Bible says that There it is. Yep. James 4:5. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Do you think that the scripture saith in vain, the spirit that dwelleth in us lustth to envy? The spirit of God envies us or is grieved or wants our worship when we give it to something else. And the church said, &gt;&gt; God is still jealous in the New Testament, but it's holy. It's not like our jealousy. &gt;&gt; That could be wrong. God's always right. Lest thou make a covenant with inhabitants. They go whoring after other gods and sacrifice on their gods. They sacrifice their time for these gods. And you take daughters. Then you start intermaring with unbelievers. They shall make no molten gods. Don't let any idol come up in your life. Keep yourself free from idols, little children. That's what Paul said and John said. Keep yourself from idols. Now, here's where I want to get to. Let's look at the types in the cleft of the rock because this is as soon as I shook somebody's hand after I preach it. That scripture came to my mind. Your life is hid with God in Christ Jesus. It might have been Jose who said it. Somebody said it. I was like, I didn't even preach that. What's wrong with me? I'm a preacher. How could I not preach that? The rock symbolizes Christ because Christ is strong. Christ is solid. Christ is unmovable. Christ is steadfast. Christ is your safety, your stability, and your life. &gt;&gt; The Bible said they all drank of the same spiritual drink and the drank of the spiritual rock that followed them. And that rock was Christ. The Lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer. So Moses goes to hide out in Christ. And the church said, "Where are you hiding today?" Amen. I'M HIDING IN CHRIST. HALLELUJAH. I GOT NOWHERE ELSE TO HIDE. &gt;&gt; I DON'T WANT TO HIDE ANYWHERE ELSE. &gt;&gt; I want to hide one place. But Patrick, that's in Christ. &gt;&gt; I don't want to go hide in the caves. That's the wrong place to hide. I don't want to go hide under the uh well, the the islands like Mark Zuckerberg's building that thing. Well, he already built it. His underground layer to escape the atomic bombs. I'm sorry. You won't escape. Praise God. The waters will cover all the islands. You won't escape. There enough air you can keep under there. Hallelujah. You won't escape. That rock symbolizes Christ. When Moses was hid by God in the rock, it symbolized being hidden in Christ, the true rock of salvation. The cleft was a split or opening and that points to Christ's pierced side because salvation flows out of Christ. Hallelujah. Isaiah 53:12 says, "Jesus poured out his soul into death and he bare the sin of many." church. He lifted up all your sin and he carried it away. Do you think he had trouble carrying your sin? No, he didn't. Because he's God. Amen. You think the strongest and then the greatest person in the universe had trouble with your sin? He carried it away. The Bible said, &gt;&gt; the Bible didn't say he he couldn't carry Malachi sin away and Jesse sin away. The Bible didn't say that. The Bible said HE LIFTED IT UP and he carried it away. &gt;&gt; He carried it away from you and I so your sin doesn't live WITH YOU. SO DON'T LET IT LIVE WITH YOU. &gt;&gt; You carried it away. To be in the cliff means you're sheltered within Jesus, the wounded savior. You're protected from the consuming judgments of God. Everybody see the type. Now why I didn't preach this earlier? Must have just been God holding it with from me. Now the hand represents protection. I'll cover thee with my hand. It represents mercy because he would have died unless God put his hand there. The Bible said in the shadow of his hand, he's hid me. The shadow of his hand. Amen. Hallelujah. And I love this. FOR YOU ARE DEAD AND YOUR LIFE IS HID WITH CHRIST IN GOD. AMEN. I AM HIDDEN. JUST LIKE MOSES WAS HIDDEN IN THE ROCK, YOU ARE HIDDEN IN CHRIST. AND THAT'S IN GOD AS WELL. AMEN. HALLELUJAH. I got two LAYERS OF PROTECTION, BROTHER CHRIS. I GOT CHRIST AND THEN I'M ALSO IN GOD. SO, HOW CAN ANY DEVIL GET ME? AMEN. IF I'M HID IN CHRIST AND GOD'S AND AND THE FATHER, CHRIST'S OWN OWN FATHER. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; IF I IF I'M IN THE SUN, I'M ALSO THE FATHER. THE DEVIL CAN'T TOUCH ME BECAUSE JESUS SAID, "SATAN, YOU HAVE NO PART IN ME." OH, THERE IT IS. AMEN. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. SEE, salvation is not just seeing God's miracles. It's being protected by God. &gt;&gt; Hidden in God while all the glory passes by. You can only survive his presence when you're hidden in Christ. Just like John. The back parts symbolize partial revelation. You'll see my back parts, but my face shall not be seen. This shows the law was a partial revelation. Like brother Chris was saying, the Old Testament was a partial revelation of God, but not the full revelation. Right? Moses only saw what came after God passed. Right? After God passed, then he saw the backside, his theophony. Just as the law and prophets foreshadowed Christ from behind and they revealed a glimpse of what was to come because the law was a shadow of good things to come. See, but Jesus Christ here, brother Chris, uh gives us the full revelation of God's grace and truth. &gt;&gt; Remember the Bible said the blood of animals just covered over sin. Ah, it's a partial realization of forgiveness, but the blood of Jesus Christ fully annihilates sin. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It totally SEPARATES US FROM ALL of our doesn't cover over. It carries it away. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It extinguishes it. It annihilates it. It's no more. It's not just hiding it. IT'S COMPLETELY DONE AWAY WITH. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; No man has seen God in any time. the only begotten son. He hath declared him. The Bible said he was full of grace and truth and all the fullness of the Godhead dwelt in him bodily. Only in Christ can the full face of God be seen. Second Corinthians 4, we preach not ourselves but Christ Jesus the Lord and ourselves your servants for Christ's sake. We are all to serve one another for Christ's sake. For God who command the light to shine out of darkness has shined in our hearts to give the light of the knowledge of glory of God where in the face of Jesus Christ. Now I can't even hardly understand that verse. Alls I know is God's word has shined into our hearts and given me light and I'm in the face of Jesus Christ. I have to be because I'm hidden in him. If I'm in him, I got to be somewhere close to his face. If I if I'm in Jesus. Hallelujah. So the Bible says if you've got God's light, how many got God's light shine in your heart? &gt;&gt; All the darkness is scattered. Hallelujah. Now I'm in the face of Jesus Christ. Remember the shoe bread? Remember in the Old Testament, shoebre means bread of his face. And when you're feasting on the bread of God, it's like you're eating before his face because his face, his presence is in the holiest of holies. But the Bible considers it as you're eating the bread of life. Those 12 New Testament mysteries. Glory. When you're eating those, YOU'RE IN THE FACE of God Almighty in his presence. I was hoping to get a few more amens on that. Maybe you guys haven't read the book, but we have THIS TREASURE. WHERE'S YOUR TREASURE AT, brother Patrick? Where's your treasure? Show me your treasure card. You got a treasure card on your phone or app or something? No, no, no. It's not in a physical thing. It's in your tabernacle. The treasure of God. Where is it at? It's in your temple. It's in your human spirit. It's in your soul. BECAUSE THE POWER IS not of you. The power is of God. &gt;&gt; And I actually copy and pasted some extra stuff there. I got some trouble with my uh my software. But just notice, Brother Ram goes through this. I'm not going to go through it all, but brother said there's a difference between partial and real. Jesus said, "I'm the true bread." Because the mana was just partial bread. Jesus is the true bread. Now, church, which one would you rather have tonight? The the the honey the honey uh cakes of mana or would you rather have the word of Jesus Christ? That's a good answer. And that's the real bread. Now, we'd love to see God rain down some mana from heaven. Would that be pretty powerful? But really, you got the real thing. I just said you got the real bread of God. You ain't got to go gather food outside your house tomorrow to go get the wafers that are like angel's bread. You just got to open up your Bible and pray. Hallelujah. You just got to lift your voice to God and you've already got the real bread. Not false, not not a not a partial or false bread. You got the real bread. I got the real bread. Jesus is the true vine. &gt;&gt; Not a partial vine, but the true vine. If you're truly attached to him, you're getting the true life of God. Oh my. And he's the true light. We all got cell phones. We all got our flashlights. That's a partial light. But the Bible says if you've got the Holy Ghost in you, you've got the real light of God. How much brighter are you than this? This is just a natural. It's a partial light. I can kind of cover it. But your light is the real light. &gt;&gt; The the life of Jesus, the spirit of Jesus Christ is much greater than this. You don't got the partial church. We got the real. &gt;&gt; How many appreciate God reminding this? The cliff symbolizes that you're hidden from judgment because God said you die. He said if He said if I pass by. So the rack is a safe place. I love that God gives you a safe place. Jesus is your safe place. &gt;&gt; Do you remember co all these crazy people to run to their safe place? I need a safe place in the corner with a pillow or something like that. Church, we got way better than that. We've got a real safe place. We've got a rock. We've got Jesus. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And the Bible said there's no condemnation if you're in the rock. &gt;&gt; How many in the rock? Your life is hid with Christ in God in the rock. Hallelujah. And the Bible said he shall be a hiding place. God is your hiding place. Hallelujah. You hide in Jesus so the judgment doesn't kill you. That's why, church, just keep confessing your sin because God can't kill you as long as you're in the rock. Amen. As long as you're in Christ, GOD'S JUDGMENT CAN'T GET to you because no judgment comes in God's rock. &gt;&gt; Now, this was a foreshadowing. The back parts, God showed his back parts to Moses. Humanity could only see a partial revelation until Christ came because the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. We beheld his glories. There's the glory. He that has seen me, Jesus said, has seen the father. So, we didn't just see the backside, brother, because we saw the face of God in Christ Jesus. The character of God. Moses had a glimpse. But the greatest revelation came in Jesus Christ. You want to know how God would talk to you in a situation? Go read Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. Because you probably got one of those concerns in there, right? Sickness, money, inheritance, right? Paying taxes. Probably got all these things in there. Jesus would tell you exactly what God would say because he was the fullness of the Godhead bodily. I love this. the the cleft or that broken part in the rock. It represents the crucifixion. It represents the wounded Christ. The rock was broken. The rock was smitten. And so Moses had to hide inside the wound. And the Bible said he was wounded for our transgressions. And with his stripes, you were healed already. &gt;&gt; The Bible said a fountain would be open in the house of David. Hallelujah. for healing. Out of his pierced side it flowed blood and water. Hallelujah. And where we and from that we get cleansing and shelter and life because water is life. So blood is forgiveness and water is life. Amen. You're forgiven and YOU'VE GOT ETERNAL LIFE TODAY. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; Because blood and water flowed out of this wounded rock. You just got to hide in there. just stay in there &gt;&gt; because Satan can't get in there. Ram said if he does, he'll be your brother. Right. But Cam preached that quote. That's a good quote from the seals. The passing glory symbolized the resurrection and Pentecost. See that God's glory at Pentecost came to dwell within the believers rather than destroying them. The same glory would have consumed Moses now, but now it dwells indwells God's people because they're in Christ. Oh yeah, there it is. But we are with the open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord. Brother Chris, we behold God's glory. As we read the word, as we pray, we pray and we we experience the presence of God. And that's like we're looking in the face of God. Hallelujah. Also, this hidden in the rock also foreshadows your security. Neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand. Who took Moses out of that clutch of the rock? Did anybody take him out? It's a trick question. No, nobody can take them out. Nobody can take you out of Christ either. &gt;&gt; Who's going to take you out? Just go alone with Jesus. Nobody. If you don't take anybody along, nobody can take you out. Amen. &gt;&gt; Just you and get along with Jesus. Hallelujah. Get low with Jesus and stay in Jesus. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Nobody can take you out. There's no high school teacher that can take you out. Patrick, &gt;&gt; there's no soccer coach, brother Claude, that can take you out. Hallelujah. There's no uh uh keyboard warrior on YouTube who can take me out. Hallelujah. Or Facebook, whatever you want to say. They can't take you out because I am hidden in Christ. They don't see me because I'm hidden. And church, I'll say IT LIKE THIS. GOD DON'T SEE YOUR SINS EITHER BECAUSE YOU'RE HIDDEN IN CHRIST AS WELL. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; AMEN. But man said he just hears your voice. Because you are hidden in Christ and Christ is in God. So just as Moses was hidden and protected, you're preserved by God's own power &gt;&gt; through faith. Nobody can pull me out of the rock, brother Patrick, because nobody put me in the rock except God. God put me in. Ain't nobody going to get me out. &gt;&gt; Eight's not really a good word, but you understand. &gt;&gt; Now, church, look, this happened before. God passed by many times. The destroying angel passed by and God spared the people. Oh, hallelujah. As long as you've got blood, as long as you have blood and you're hidden in THE HOUSE, THE DEATH ANGEL CAN'T TOUCH YOU. HALLELUJAH. OH MY. As long as YOU'RE HIDDEN IN CHRIST, JUDGMENT CAN'T STRIKE YOU BECAUSE YOU'RE HIDDEN in Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Elijah was in the cave, right? He was h in the cave. God passed by. There was thunderings, lightnings, earthquakes, all these shocking things and thunders and all these things. And that WAS GOD PASSING BY. But God said, "You're not going to know me in that. You're going to know me in the stills." You got it. I'm seeing what you remember. And that's what Moses had. Moses had the still small experience. He had that one-on-one with God. So, see, even Elijah, that was a another type of what God was going to do in Christ. He was going to hide us in Christ and speak to us oneon-one. Boy, I could get another sermon out of that. One-on-one with God. I could go to Jacob and how he wrestled with the angel one onone. Elijah one-on-one. Moses one-on-one with God. &gt;&gt; That's what God wants, church. You and him with fellowship. Isaiah 3:15 says, "The Lord will defend Israel by passing over." And then, of course, Moses is in the cliff of the rock as God passes by and he protects him with his hand. So in other words, Moses hitting the cliff is a living prophecy of salvation. Church, you are hidden from judgment. You're covered by his grace and you're allowed to see God's glory only through the rock who is Jesus. Oh my goodness gracious. Hallelujah. What a what a what a story for us. What an illustration for us to see how God looks at us. We're hidden in Christ. And I got one final one from brother Brandon. I like this. So I'm almost ready to close, saints. Give me I got about three three slides of quotes. How many ready for this last quote here? &gt;&gt; As far as I planned, that's the only one. God might have a different plan. Now, Brother Ram's preaching as the eagle stirs her nest. And brother Ram said as the eagle stirs up her nest from Psalms. It is a time when the eagle thinks that her little ones has matured enough. She's got to stir her nest. In other words, the mother sees the the eagles are in the nest and they're mature enough. It's time for them to leave the nest. So, what does brother Ram say she does? And you can see this. They got these on YouTube. You can see it, too. And God does the same thing in his church. When we get got all settled down on something, then God stirs the nest again. He brought Martin Luther from Catholicism. They got so starchy that he stirred the nest and sent Wesley in. He sent Wesley in like a mother eagle to stir up the nest. That's what brother Ram come to me. Come to stir up the churches. How many got stirred up? &gt;&gt; I did. I started loving going to church after brother I heard brother preach. Amen. I started wanting to start a church after I heard brother Brandon preach. Amen. Then Wesley's now not Wesley but the followers got so starchy he served the nest and sent Pentecost in. It's nesting time again because we got so settled down. Amen. Church, if you've got lazy in your life or tired in your life or worn out in your life, let me say this. It's nest stirring time. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Stir the nest. Wake up. SEE THE GLORY OF GOD. GET IN GOD'S PRESENCE. GET IN THE CLEFT OF THE ROCK. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; Put yourself in Christ because you can do it. God said you could. &gt;&gt; Get back in Christ. Don't get back in idols of the world. Get back in the word. Now, here's the here's the one I I hadn't really prepared for this one. Oh, yeah. Brother said, "This old mother eagle flies into the nest one day. Unexpected the little eagleist as she comes in." So, they're not expecting her to do what she's going to do. So, mama comes in. Babies don't know what's going to happen. They're just like, "Hey, mama, you going to feed me today? I'm ready to eat. Do everything for me. Take care of me." God said, "No, it's going to change. It's all going to change today." Church, how many know your life can change like that? God, one day everything's going fine. Next day everything's different. Oh, how I've laid and watched them and we wept like a baby with my bot binoculars trained on them. My horse tied off somewhere. Watch them. And she'll fly into the nest and she'll take those great wings and she'll give them a great shower of wind. It shakes every loose feather out of them because she's fixing to give them their first little solo flight. And you can't have loose feathers when you're flying solo for the Lord. &gt;&gt; Your life, your life can't be loose if you're going to go out and fly and do something for the Lord. &gt;&gt; Can't have things hanging on you that don't belong there. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. What a beautiful type. &gt;&gt; She flies in and they have a a mighty rushing winds. I'm familiar, anybody, with Acts chapter 2. They never felt it before because they were born in the cliff of the rock. Why? They're eagles. But God changes it. He give them something new. Church, pray for God. God, SHOW ME SOMETHING NEW. SHOW ME your glory. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. As the church was born in the cliff of the rock, we cannot be satisfied there. It's not good enough just to be born again. God stirs up the nest sometimes. Now, it is good enough in one way, right? But, brother, I'm saying get to your gifts. Get to your ministry. Find what God's called you to do. Fly where God's called you to fly. Don't live a comfortable life not doing what you SHOULD DO. BE MATURE. Go fly and do where God wants you to go and do and help people. Be a BLESSING TO PEOPLE. SHOW CHARITY TO PEOPLE. &gt;&gt; God stirs up the nest sometimes, comes in like a rushing mighty wind like he did on the day of Pentecost and all the old worldly loose feathers fly out. He sends a Pentecostal revival and shakes up the nest. Hey, and then he gives a certain SCREAM LIKE, "THUS SAYAITH THE LORD from brother Abraham." HALLELUJAH. THUS SAYITH THE BIBLE. OH, all the little eagles know something is fixing to happen then. They're eagles. Oh, mama's acting different today. Oh my. Brother Jesse's acting different today. The spirit of God is acting different today in service. God's fixing to do something. Praise God. &gt;&gt; That's what the mother eagle is showing the children. That's the reason When you see a shaking time come, eagles are ready for a blessing. The church is ready for something. The true church of God, when they see a shaking time coming, how many want to see God shake something in your life? &gt;&gt; Let's stand to our feet. Musicians can come. I told you I only had three left by God's grace. Let's thank the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So my question is for you. Where are you hiding today? Are you hiding in fear? Are you hiding in worldly pleasures? Are you hiding in regret? Living in the past? Are you hiding in fear for the future? Where are you hiding? I suggest that you and I find the right hiding place tonight. There's only one hiding place that's that's worth hiding. Remember, all the rich men are going to go in the mountains and caves, say, "Follow us. Follow us." and that God won't let them die because they need to be tormented for all the wickedness that they've done. But God is giving us a spiritual hiding place that is the true hiding place. Not a partial, a true. Let's make sure we're in the true hiding place tonight. Let's bow our heads. Father, we thank you for tonight, Lord God. Hallelujah. The devil can't get to us because we're in Christ and on top of that we're in the father. We have a double blessing, a double anointing. Amen. A double protection. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. The only way Satan could come in there if he becomes our brother. Like that quote says, Lord, we know Satan won't come through there. He's destined to be destroyed and never more shall he be. Hell was created for the devil and his angels, but heaven was created for the bride of Jesus Christ and the servants of God. Thank you, Lord God. Father, I pray, Lord, if people are hiding in the wrong place today, may they not hide out on a computer or a cell phone or in a movie theater or in a romance book or something or some type of a dirty magazine or something. May they not hide there. May they find Christ as their hiding place today, Lord Jesus. There's one place we need to be, Lord God. Lord, we want to be like Moses and present ourselves before you and we want to come near to you. We want to see your glory, Lord God, in our lives. Hallelujah. Lord, I pray for your people. I pray for me. I pray God that we would draw close to you to see your glory in our lives, Lord God. Grant it, Lord Jesus. You're holy. Hallelujah. You're longsuffering. You're merciful. You forgive our iniquities, Lord God. Our sins, our transgressions. You are the truth. You're gracious. That is your glory. How you're so good to us, Lord. We appreciate signs, miracles, and wonders. I want to see more of them, too. But God, may we realize tonight there's only one hiding place, and that is in Jesus Christ who takes away all of our sin, forgives all of our iniquity, heals our all our diseases, Lord God. And I pray as that quote said, "Stir up your people, Lord. Lord, if we're born the cleft of the rock, there comes a time we got to go flying out. Every eagle has to go fly and find their ministry, find what they're called to do, find their gifts. The nest in the rock is a special place. It's where we're born according to brother Brandham's story, Lord God. But Lord, then the eagle serves a nest and it's time to go out and do something for the Lord. Now, maybe Lord is just fasting and praying so devils can be cast out. Maybe it's a gift of knowledge. Maybe it's tongues and interpretation, Lord God. Lord, we want to be consecrated. We want to be shut in in Christ the rock. And you'll come stand by us, Lord God. Hallelujah. Show us your glory tonight, I pray. Grant it, Lord. You hear our humble prayers. Hear our requests, Lord. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. And the church said,
