################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - (4-6-25) The Spirit of Burning, Pt. 7 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   (4-6-25) The Spirit of Burning, Pt. 7 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAt9eNvuou4
========================================

I want to look at part seven here of the spirit of burning by God's grace. And as I was studying on this, I was like, well, I just I can't stop preaching this series until I preach on the burning on the day of Pentecost. That's what our whole faith is founded upon. Praise God is the day of Pentecost. Everyone needs a Pentecostal experience. And uh even Wednesday night, that's where that's the direction I felt the Holy Ghost leading me. I I never quite know which way it's going to go. Um and as I got preaching with brother Rod here, you know, it kind of went that direction. Um, it's thus sayith the Lord. Classical religion is of the devil. In other words, just routine. Everything's the same every single service. That's of the devil. We don't want a routine religion. We want a spontaneous Holy Ghost religion. Hallelujah. And we realize we've got to we've got to be on the battlefield. We've got to labor to enter into that. Praise God. Even after you're born again, you got to renew your strength like the eagle. Praise God. Hallelujah. You got to pray for revivals and get your first love back. Each one of us experience that. So, we know it's it's worth fighting for. How many believe that? Paul said, "I fought the good fight of faith." It's a fight. Hallelujah. And the best part is Jesus is with us the entire fight. Hallelujah. He's helping us fight. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Thank the Lord. Acts chapter 2, we'll read uh three and four. Uh by the grace of the Lord. Let me get there in my Bible. the spirit of burning. Now, let's see what happened on the day of Pentecost. Praise God. When they got in one place, in one accord. I'll read one and two, and then we can all read three and four together by God's grace just to set the the scene of this. And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, this was 50 days after Passover. Hallelujah. They were all with one accord and in one place. And brother Ram says, "If we can do that, the same thing can happen today." Think about that. If we could just all just want the same thing, all just desire the same thing, then God would visit us just like God visited them. What a blessing because we are in one place. We got that much. 50% of the battle's been won. Now we just got to fight for that last 50%. Praise God. Verse two, "And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting." Now, as I said on Wednesday, I know three people that have felt the wind of the Holy Ghost flow through this room. Sister Hua when she got healed, uh, Sister Emma when she got the Holy Ghost in 2020, and then brother Amen, when I preached, it was part six. I went looked it up. It was part six of the praise the name of Jesus in the dance. Hallelujah. Because he was he was just playing uh guitar over here and then I was I was over here praying and he just threw up his hands. I remember that. By God's grace he was weeping and crying and praising the Lord. So at least three times. So see church, God can fall at any time. Hallelujah. And we just want to be ready when he comes. Hallelujah. It's a visitation. That's what it it's called in the Bible or it's called a day of refreshing. It's when God visits us and then we remember God's visitation. Hallelujah. We go through and that's that's what we call a mountaintop experience. When someone gets born again, you're up there on the mountain. You feel like you could conquer everything, but then God God leads you down into the valley sometimes, too. Praise God. Hallelujah. Now, let's read verses three and four. Let's see uh the spirit of burning here by God's grace. And now we see it's a third step. It's the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Verse three, let's read it. 1 2 3. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them. Verse four, let's read it. And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost and began to speak with other tongues as the spirit gave them utterance. May God add his blessing to the ring of his word. You may be seated. Praise God. So this is a a wonderful portion here of uh scripture by God's grace. This is the birthday of the church. Hallelujah. The day of Pentecost when the church was established. Hallelujah. And really it's your spiritual birthday as well. Hallelujah. For Jesus said you must be born again. Hallelujah. And that means born from above. If you look up the word uh again, it means born from above. Hallelujah. Because Jesus got he received the baptism of the Holy Ghost, right? And he was born from above. He was born from Mary's womb, of course. And then uh he was born from above, a new birth where the spirit of God came down to fill the body that God had prepared. Hallelujah. It was God manifest in flesh. Hallelujah. So God's spirit comes to fill God's body. Hallelujah. God's physical fleshly body. Praise God. Amen. Now John foretold, John the Baptist foretold this fire baptism in Luke 3:13 16, sorry, Luke 3:16. John answered, saying unto them all, I indeed baptize you with water. And that's what I could say, too. That's what brother Ram could say. Anybody can say that. Any preacher can say that. But one mightier than I cometh. See, there's one who's mightier than any prophet. That's Jesus. Hallelujah. That the latchet of whose shoes I'm not worthy to unloose. So think about that. He wasn't even worthy to go un we'd say untie his shoes or un uh unstrap his shoes. He wasn't even worthy to take his shoes off. That's how unworthy we are. But that's how gracious God is to fill our souls even when we're unworthy. Praise God. We're not even unworthy to touch his feet. Uh let alone to touch his heart or be after the heart of God. But yet he still comes and dwells inside of our souls. Hallelujah. Talk about amazing grace. Amen. Could you sing a million songs about it? That's what that song says. I probably have over the course of my 25 years of being a Christian by God's grace. I always got to check the number. He shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with burning. Hallelujah. And the church said, hallelujah. Now remember Isaiah, he only had two works of grace. He had justification, the spirit of judgment, and then he had the spirit of burning sanctification. Brother said sanctification burns out of out of all your worldly desires out of your heart. So if you still got worldly desires, I'm not talking about battling them. I'm I'm talking about you still give into them on a consistent basis. Praise God. And you're not yet into the promised land, you haven't experienced uh the joy of the promised land, then you need a spirit of burning for the sanctification and then you need a spirit of burning for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And brother brother Cam shared a good point with me yesterday. He was saying, you know, as every church goes through trials, he said, I I was going back and brother brother Cam said, I was preaching through the uh the time of Israel. And brother, brother Cam said, and brother Ram preached the same thing when the people started complaining about the mana. They were complaining about food from heaven. Brother Cam said, "Then they started complaining about the preachers, Moses and Aaron." And he said, and brother Cam was saying, "Now look," and and he was saying that I was like, "Wow, that's right." And then remember the Bible warns us of that in 1 Corinthians chapter 10, tempting the Lord, tempting Christ, tempting God by speaking against what God sends and who God sends. And I was like, "That's right, brother Cam. That shows when people do that, often times they never made it yet to the promised land. They haven't made it all the way to the moment of victory in the promised land." Hallelujah. when they complain about the sermons and it's not I can't understand it or uh I want something different when you're constantly complaining about what God has sent then you you you shows you're not where where you need to be on the journey. Praise God. And I got a good verse for you. Ecclesiastes chapter 5. I just read it this morning in my uh my daily reading. I was like, "Oh, glory. Right on time." Ecclesiastes chapter 5. Good verse for me. Good verse for all of us. Praise God. Verse one, Ecclesiastes 5:1, keep thy foot when thou goest to the house of God, and be more ready to hear. So, it just means go with carefulness. It doesn't mean uh make sure you don't step in the the mud puddles out there. The first thing I stepped out of of was in a big mud puddle today or big water puddle and my foot almost was covered in water. That's not what it's talking about. It's talking about make sure you approach the house of God with careful steps. In other words, you're walking in this. You're meditating on the things of God. Hallelujah. And be more ready to hear, right? Be more ready to hear the preaching than to give the sacrifice of fools. And James 1 tells us the sacrifice of fools. It's going to church and hearing everything, but not a doer of what you hear. So, from last week, let's back up last week. If you haven't meditated on God this week, you've been acting like a fool because the word of God is telling us to meditate on the things of God. I spent most of all day yesterday meditating on the things of God. Do you do that? I mean, you should have. If not, then we've just been foolish. We haven't been applying what God's been telling us to do. Praise God. I'm not talking about we got to pay bills and we got to do the insurance and call that person and run the errands. But in the in the midst of all that, you got to slow down and remember what is God's word saying and what what is something uh great that God has shown me or done for me lately. Praise God. See, for they consider not that they do evil. And for us, evil might not be murdering or or adultery or stealing or something like that, but it might just be uh getting complexes as we see amongst amongst churches. People just get complexes and it ruins their entire spiritual life. bitterness. It's a Paul calls it a root of bitterness and it defiles a person's whole life. Hallelujah. But my if we got rid of that then we have the joy of the Lord. Praise God. Instead of bitterness, we got gratitude for each other. Oh my. I didn't plan to preach that. That just kind of came to my heart there. Ecclesiastes chapter 5 verse two. Be not rash with thy mouth and let not thine heart be hasty to utter anything before God. For God is in heaven, and thou upon the earth. Therefore, let thy words be few. Be careful what you say to God. That's why it's so important. Make your requests known unto God. Hallelujah. And then accept whatever God gives. Whatever God's will, Lord, let your will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Hallelujah. I'm going to make my words few. Hallelujah. Now, glory. Now, let's go to another verse here. Now Jesus foretold this baptism in John I'm sorry in Acts chapter 1 verse 5. This baptism of fire, the Holy Ghost and fire. The Holy Ghost and the burning that comes with it. Praise God. Acts 15. For John truly baptized with water, but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence. Notice he doesn't mention fire because Jesus knew it's the same thing. The Holy Ghost is fire. The fire John mentioned was just for those apostles that they remember, oh, John said it was fire. Jesus just calls it the Holy Ghost because he knows our God is a consuming fire. Hallelujah. I There's this one man who just trolls me on the internet. Oh, you don't preach on the fire, the baptism of fire. I'm like, well, Jesus didn't mention the fire because he knew the Holy Ghost was fire. Hallelujah. They just trolls me all the time. So, I can say, you're you're deleted from my channel. Hallelujah. Acts 2:3. And then we see it was prophesied to come with fire and then it comes with fire. Verse three. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues of fire as it sat on each one of them. I pray someday God's God will let us see the Holy Ghost in one another. Praise God. In other words, I like to know who's born again. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Amen. Sometimes I'm very wondering who is born again and who's not. But on that day, they could know for sure John is born again. They could know Peter is born again. Hallelujah. Because they actually saw the fire. Now, we we might I might not get that prayer answered. I might not get that privilege. But Jesus said, "A tree is known by its fruit." Hallelujah. Amen. Grant it, Lord, someday. Hallelujah. That we could see those who have the fire and those who don't. And pray if you don't got it, you can get it today. Hallelujah. Amen. The Bible said, "Today, harden not your hearts as in the day of provocation." Hallelujah. In other words, open up your heart. Today is just as good a day as any day to be born again. God still sends the fire when the people are ready for the spirit of burning. Hallelujah. That's right. Acts 11:15. And as they began to speak, somebody read this on Wednesday. The Holy Ghost fell on them as on us as at the beginning. So the fire, the Holy Ghost and fire will fall the same every time. We just don't see it. Praise God. Right? But we know brother Cam seen the pillar of fire at his church and different ones have seen the pillar of fire. And we're privileged if we get to see that. But remember Jesus said, even if you don't get to see it, you're more blessed if you believe without a without a sign. Amen. Because we don't want to become sign seekers. Hallelujah. We want to become holiness seekers. Hallelujah. We want to seek living the life that Jesus Christ presented to us. We want to manifest Christ in flesh, Christ in you, Christ in me, Christ in us, the hope of glory. Praise God. Amen. But I'm allowed to have my request. I know brother Brandham said the Holy Spirit said, "Would you like to look beyond the curtain of time?" Brother Brham said, "It would help me so much. It would help me so much sometime to see who's born again and who's not because I want to know that I'm born again. I want to see it in you. You want to see it in me. We want to see that we all have the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Oh my glory to God. Then I remember the word of the Lord in Acts 11:16. How that he said, "John indeed baptized with water, but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost." Again, no mention of fire because the Holy Ghost is fire. Our God is a consuming fire. Oh, now now that opens that thought opens up where brother A ra says if you're born again you'll be in the word all the way. In other words, Judas stopped. He stopped at that point on uh the night of the arrest, a night of communion. He stopped right there wanting more of the word. He decided to betray the word, but everybody else went on to know the Lord. And that's what uh the Old Testament is a prophecy of that as well. Brother Cam preached it years ago. He said, the Bible said, I think it's Hosea, if you follow on to know the Lord, then you'll find me. Praise God. You got to follow hard. We looked at that verse last Sunday, follow hard after God. You got to get into the church age book or you got to get into prayer or you got to get into the the the sermons of Brother Brandon. You got to get into the Bible. You got to follow God. Hallelujah. He's going to lead you after the word of God. Hallelujah. You'll be in the word all the way. Hallelujah. Glory. So it was prophesied by the prophet John the Baptist, the spirit of Elijah. He said fire is going to come. Then the fire came and it was seen and heard. Now everybody has their own unique experience. Uh for example, I was crying and shouting with my hands up. My wife was just probably bowing and crying there and praising God there. Uh New Jersey, was it New Jersey? Okay. Yeah. Sometimes I always forget that places. Uh but if if somebody would have walked by, they would have seen her crying or maybe sobbing or, you know, seeing and hearing. You got to have some type of a seeing and hearing experience where everybody can see something's happened. This person, God's moving on their heart, they're born again. Hallelujah. And church, then we'll see it in your life. A new life will emerge. Just like when a baby's born. Yeah. I can feel baby Tulsi kick. I felt her kick. I've seen her kick on my wife's stomach there. You I can see the kicks. But then I see the life's there. And that's how sanctification is, right? You can see something's happening there. Praise God. But then when it emerges, it's totally different. Praise God. Now they can really stretch out. Hallelujah. Now they they really begin to grow. And then they start talking. Then they start leaping and dancing and all over the place. It's a total new life. And everybody has to have that experience where you get a new life. Hallelujah. I like that. I like the jerking. I like that in there. for the the jerking and the moving and the I like that. That's good. That's good. But let's get the full life of Christ. Hallelujah. Because that's what we're allowed to have by the grace of God. What did the fire produce, church? What did the what the burning produce? Jesus tells us what it was going to produce. Acts 1 vers8. But ye shall receive power. That's what it produces. After that, the Holy Ghost has come upon you. So they were going to get more power. Sound familiar? Like the parable of the wise virgins, more oil. The foolish had a little bit, but the wise had more power, more oil. Praise God. To last them until the bridegroom came. Hallelujah. And ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem and all Judea and Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth. Now, the main difference in their witness wasn't amongst the believers. It was amongst the sinners. Because on the night of Jesus' arrest, where did they show their weakness? When they when when life and death was on the line, right? When they're going to get arrested and they can you imagine 11 grown men. Can you imagine 11 grown men running away from a band of Roman soldiers? Men that some of them walked on water. Some of them prayed for the the sick and they were healed. I mean, they saw all these miracles, but they run away from a band of Roman soldiers. So, the main power was going to be in how they witness to unbelievers. Hallelujah. And that's how it is in your life, too. Are you going to stand up uh for Jesus Christ when you're around your family and they're all saying, "It's okay. Just give in." No. If you got the Holy Ghost, you'll stand up and you'll stand on God's word. Amen. Hallelujah. That's right. That's what it's given you for. It's given you for power. The fire is supposed to be a greater fire than the than than the devil's burning. There it is. The the the devil's burning arrows of temptation. You got a fire that's greater than that fire. Hallelujah. You just put up your shield of faith and it extinguishes every fiery dart cuz you got a greater fire in you than the devil has. Hallelujah. That's right. This is what Jesus says. It produces it produces power. Hallelujah. When it comes on you and you should be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem and in all Judea and Samaria and to the uttermost parts of the earth. Praise God. So we see though. Now notice Acts chapter 2:3. Let's go back there. Acts 2:3. I want to get into this thought here. I want you to see what happened, church. The fire appeared. Cloven tongues of fire. Think of that. And it the Bible said it sat on each one of them. Now we don't know exactly where. Most people draw it right above the forehead because uh God likens the Holy Ghost as a seal on your forehead in the book of Revelation, right? All right? Because this is where the frontal lobe of the brain. If you look at the frontal lobe, that's where decisions are made. So when you're born again, the Holy Ghost, you make your decisions based upon God's word. Hallelujah. Glory. So it sat. And notice it sat. The Holy Ghost rested on them. It took a seat right in their life. I'm glad Jesus came and take a se seat in my life. That's who I needed to come take a seat because I wasn't I I was in no position to lead myself. I need a shepherd. Amen. So does the church. So So does every believer needs a shepherd to lead us and guide us. We need a divine fire. We need the spirit of burning to stay with us. Amen. See now notice now church if you know the and you also know that the Holy Ghost is a seal that means a brand or like a a permanent mark a burn there it is a burning again the burning of a brand praise God it's the burning of a brand on cattle or whatever type of animal they have to brand it's permanently ingrained it's permanently burned into you praise God and so the eyes of the disciples were open for a few moments even women right Jesus' mother Mary was there. So, they were open just for a few moments. The fire of God is here. The fire is resting on me. It's not leaving me. The fire of God staying on me. Praise God. Now, we would picture it, you know, we would picture it here in our soul because we have the three realms, right? You have the body, the spirit, and then you got the soul, right? You see our pictures of the three circles. Brother said, "That's what it's like. It's like a circle, and then there's a circle inside of a circle and another circle inside of another circle." Just to make it simple. And and brother said, "You're a trinity just like God's a trinity." Not a trinity of persons, a trinity of manifestations or parts. Hallelujah. That's what my video was about yesterday. All the positive uh ways brother used the word trinity. He used it very positively at times. And some people uh might think, "Oh, brother never believed in the trinity." I have quotes. Brother says, "How we love the third person of the trinity." And then uh eight years later, he'd say, "Thus say the Lord, trinitarianism is of the devil." I found a quote, someone someone said, they're very kind, but they said, "Brother, I've never believed in the trinity." I found a quote from 1952. Brother said, "I believe in the third person of the Trinity is here today. I believe." I thought, "Well, there that that that's proof right there." People can say whatever they want, but God's spirit always reveals the truth. Amen. What am I saying? I'm saying that we can have an understanding. God even winks at our ignorance when we don't understand something. But then there comes a time he's not going to wink anymore because now he's like, "Okay, here's the truth. You must accept the truth." Amen. That's what happened to brother Brandham. He grew in revelation, right? But and he was even born again just like just like John Wesley, just like Martin Luther. They believed in the trinity, right? But it was off the word a little bit. and church and you know uh and you know the churches that teach it some of their teachings are close to the truth but then there's some that are totally far far away like tritheists like they believe three persons are three gods but still one god they actually say that three gods but Ram says if you believe in three gods that's from hell but those that don't some of them are really close to the truth and they haven't let it overtak in their lives that's called they're being sanctified but what we need is a revelation amen What prevails against the gates of hell? A revelation. Praise God. And brother Ram calls it Godhead. He calls the capstone revelation of the Godhead is that Jesus is God. Amen. Who is Jesus? He's God. God manifest in the flesh. He was Emanuel. Not a second person with us, but God with us. Hallelujah. The fire produces Hallelujah. a power in your life that you didn't have before. That's what it'll produce. Another portion of power. And notice, it doesn't leave you. It rests on you. That's because that's what you and I need. We need a power to stay with us, not a power that leaves us. Now, where does it leave? In the human spirit, church. That's where it leaves. But if you're born again, it never leaves your soul. It just leaves your mind when you choose not to meditate on the things of God. Everybody with me? And brother likens it unto a dove, right? Brother says the anointing in your spirit, in your mind is like a dove. You think the right thoughts or you think evil thoughts or you say things, the dove flies away. But brother, brother said he goes to roost not far away. Let's say he's right up here. Brother said he's not that far away from you. All you got to do is repent and then he swoops back down. Oh, what a blessing. He swoops back down. As soon as you repent and he comes back in your mind, then he anoints your mind, too. Oh, he's not far away. He'll never leave you nor forsake you. He's right with you. Praise God. Even Genevie come up to the altar on Wednesday and repented of a certain sin. And after she repents, she's weeping and crying, happy again. And that's why I said, look how close God's not far away from us. It's actually the spirit of God that's letting us know we're wrong so he can come back to us. That's right. And that was just how about how she treats her siblings. Now, what about us adults? How we treat each other. Thank you, Lord, for sending us the humble children and humble adults because that's what we want to be. We want to be humble. I want to be humble. Praise God. Just a fresh reminder how that's how close God is. God's not off some far away. Remember Acts 17 said he's so close. In him we live and move and have our being. He's not far from us. The Bible said he just want God just wants us to reach out and fellowship with him. That's right. So notice I want to just labor on this point. Maybe this will be the main point of my sermon here. The fire produces a a burning that stays with you. It rests upon you. It rested upon them and then it rests upon you as a believer in your soul. Jesus said this in Matthew 11:29. So I'm going to have you moving uh real fast here. Remember it sat on them in Acts 2:3. But Matthew 1129, Jesus foretold us. He said, "Take my yoke upon you, learn of me, for I'm meek and lowly in heart, and ye shall find rest unto your souls." But what was this prophesying of? It wasn't of Saturday. Well, do I worship on Saturday or Sunday? They already had Saturday worship. It didn't matter really which day you worship on. We honor Sunday because it's the day of the resurrection. The greatest day with the greatest message in human history. Brother said the greatest news, the greatest message that ever struck the earth is that Jesus is not dead. Jesus is alive. The greatest message, brother, there could be no greater message than that. Hallelujah. Thank the Lord. Glory. So, see, it gives you rest. So, it maybe they saw it above their foreheads. Maybe they saw it right above their their souls. The Bible said there's a little hole in your heart perhaps. I'm not a doctor, but there's a little place in your heart there that the Holy Spirit might rest. He said it looks like a little small button. Looks like a little white button when you get born again. Then the power just grows, right? Right. Because you give more preeminence for God in your life. Hallelujah. Now, this was also prophesied in Isaiah 28:12. So, if got your Bibles, you can read it yourself if you'd like to. Isaiah 28:12. to whom he said, "This is the rest, wherewith you may cause the weary to rest, and this is the refreshing, yet they would not hear." Now, I'm going to go there because it speaks of the stammering lips, and that one I didn't write down, but I want you to see it. 28 now. Yes. Yes. Okay. Now, we read verse 12, but go back up to eight. For all the tables are full of vomit and filthiness, and there's no place unclean. That was the Pharisees and Sadducees. God was sick with their religion that had no Holy Ghost. And the church said, "Doesn't that remind you, church, of Revelation 3?" Jesus spews them. He vomits them out of his mouth because they don't want the real Holy Ghost. It's thus sayith the Lord. It's of the devil. If they don't have the real Holy Ghost, hallelujah. And God just vi God gets sick with their worship. Just vomits it out of his mouth. They won't speak for God. Oh, we're I tell you, we're a privileged people if God is speaking through our church. I'm a privileged pastor. Every evangelist, every prophet, every apostle is privileged if Jesus Christ is preaching through them. Hallelujah. Amen. Because it's a rare thing to have the real Holy Ghost preaching. Hallelujah. Verse nine, whom shall he teach knowledge? Oh, we don't need all this doctrine. We don't need all this teaching. shame on these people. Look at verse nine. And whom shall I make to understand? Doctrine. That's commands. The the simple commands of God. Them that are weaned from the milk, babies that are born. Hallelujah. That's right. And drawn from the breasts. And brother says it's like El Shadi, El Shadai, Old Testament and New Testament. Right. Verse 10. for precept. Command must be upon precept, precept upon precept, line upon line. Here a little, there a little, and there a little. So as you read the Bible, you find a little bit over here, little bit over here. You find a command there, a command there, and you're growing in the knowledge of God. Hallelujah. Glory. You can take preaching from from Isaiah. You can take preaching from John. You can take preaching from the book of Acts. You can take Revelation chapter 10. Hallelujah. You can take preaching on this because you're a child of God. And God is feeding you through this means of here a little, there a little. Here's a nursing, there's a nursing, I nurse in the morning, I nurse at the table, right, women? I nurse in the bedroom, I nurse all these places. Here a little, there a little. And pretty soon, the child of God grows up into a real solid believer. Hallelujah. That's somebody who's already born again. Praise God. And people say, "I don't have time to read the church book. I don't have time." Listen, Brother Bam. Well, you might it might not yet be time for your birth then. Hallelujah. If you're a baby, you make time to nurse. You cry until you get your nursing. Hallelujah. You you you say, "God, I need more of you. God, pour out a blessing." And you cry until you get it. Praise God. Look at verse 11. For with stammering lips and another tongue will I speak to this people. Now go to first uh Corinthians 14:21. This is speaking of the day of Pentecost. And then we got to verse 12. To whom said this is the rest. So the rest involves all of this. I got God's spirit resting in my soul and then I just feed on the word of God. I'm like a child. I I just need more of God. Like like the child has this uh just this this this brother Brandon calls it a thirst and thirst 1965. He just has this desire. I need the food. I need the food. I need to feed on the word. I need to feed. I need to nurse. All these things. But R said, that's how you are when you're born again. In the law, it is written, "With men of other I'm sorry, with men of other tongues and other lips will I speak on this people." And yet for all that they will not hear me, sayeth the Lord, speaking of Israel. 120 people are speaking in languages they don't even know. And everybody's understanding it in languages they know. And that wasn't enough to convince them. It's prophecy being fulfilled right in front of them. And that wasn't enough because they love their denomination, their old life, rather than a new Holy Ghost life. I trust everybody here doesn't want a denominational experience. They want a Holy Ghost life. Hallelujah. Amen. I don't want to live like I did in the old church. I don't want to live like I did those old days. I want to live the new life. I want the Holy Ghost to rest on me. Praise God. I want to experience the rest of God. Hallelujah. Rest on me, Holy Spirit. Anoint me. Praise God. Don't leave me. I can't do this life without you. Amen. Unless you rest on my life. That's right. So, see church, this is speaking of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And then these preachers that say, "We don't need doctrines." What are they doing? They're just taken away from the word of God. They either got an awful complex and they're born again or they're just not born again. And God, I'm talking God help us to be born again. I'm just showing you people can get famous and be way off the word of God. Fame doesn't make somebody a preacher of God. It don't. What makes somebody a preacher of God is somebody who points you to the word of God by the Holy Ghost. Amen. Hallelujah. And tells you what the word of God says. Hallelujah. Feeds them the word of God. Brothers, it gives you sheep food, not goat food. Now, I know a goat can eat anything, right? But that's a difference. A sheep won't eat everything. Hallelujah. Neither will a shepherd give uh the sheep bad food. Praise God. Glory. Now with the baptism of the Holy Ghost, not only do you have rest in the soul, but listen, that rest will move out into your flesh to anoint your body as well. So your body can rest. That's a little bit deeper thought, but Acts 2:26, this is what David said. David said, "Even my flesh." Now, of course, he was speaking of the resurrection. But church, we see this truth when the martyrs like Stephen are going to be martyed. We don't see their bodies shaken like, "Oh, I'm going to die. They're going to hit me with the stones." You don't see Paul like saying, "Oh, I uh maybe I should recant so I don't get my head cut off." See, the Holy Ghost rests on it. It comes so much anoints their mind and then it anoints their bodies as well. So, church, in our trials, we can expect the Holy Ghost to eventually anoint us so we can rest. talking about your body because your soul shall already have the rest of God when you're born again. Therefore, did my heart rejoice and my tongue was glad. Moreover, also my flesh shall rest in hope. Hallelujah. So, you've got hope when you're born again. You got hope in your soul. You want to put the hope in your mind. Like last night, I went to bed quoting u uh 1 Thessalonians 5. You know, I can't fall asleep anymore just laying on my my my back like this. I got to lay on my side. So, while I'm laying on my back, I'm like, I used to enjoy falling asleep like this. Uh, and I can't do it anymore. So, it's kind of sad. But 1 Thessalonians 5, I went to bed quoting 1 Thessalonians 5 verse 9. For God has not I said, "God has you've not appointed me to wrath, but to obtain salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ." I was quoting that scripture because I found in my mind I wasn't able to rest. So, I got to find a place of rest. Amen. And the best place of rest I know is in the word of God. Hallelujah. gave my mind a place of place of rest. And then nature, I slept pretty good. Slept about nine hours last night. Then my body had some rest. Hallelujah. That's what David said. My flesh is going to rest and hope. I know someday this body will be resurrected. Praise God. But I want you to see, church, even your flesh can have the Holy Ghost give it rest. Yes, it's going to be in your soul, but also it will move to your human spirit, your thinking. You'll be able to stop thinking and worrying about things. You have rest in your mind. Your mind will stop racing. And the church said, "And then your body can get physical rest as well. I'm a witness." Like I told you, nervous situations I've had. And then I just felt the spirit of God just come on my body. I knew my soul what what was right, but my body was nervous. And then the spirit of God comes on and I'm just all peace that passes understanding. See that? That's part that's part of the blessing of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Gives you rest in all three realms. Uh, Acts 7:49. Acts 7:49. You need some kind of a reward acill. What house will you build me? Sayith the Lord. Or what is the place of my rest? See, Solomon thought it was going to be in a house and everybody wanted to build something for God. But the real place of rest is in your soul. Jesus said, "I'm giving you rest in your soul." That's the place God wants to rest. Hallelujah. It's in your soul. And then also, you'll get seasons of rest. There'll be times, brother Chris, feels like your life is falling apart, right? But then you'll get seasons of rest where it feels like, oh, everything's good. This is how life is supposed to be. This is a foretaste of the millennium. And the church said, got all your bills paid, food's on the table, got a little bit of savings. This feels like the millennium. Glory. Everything's good. Nobody's sick. That's nice when you got eight kids. Somebody's always sick or something. Acts 9:31. Acts 9:31. God will even give you years of rest. And we saw like remember I preach it uh Asa got 10 years of rest because he was obedient to the word of God. We got about six years of rest before trials hit our church. I'll take six years. I'll take five. I'll take three. Whatever God wants to give me. But then the churches had rest throughout all of Judea and Galilee and Samaria and were edified and they're walking in the fear of the Lord. In other words, I don't want any sin to come into our church. I don't want any sin to come into my life. I'm very careful what I look at, what I say. That's the fear of the Lord. I'm not going to give the devil an inch. And in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, they were multiplied. Hallelujah. So, see, see, see how this rests? It rests on your soul. But then also God gives you rest in your mind. Peace that passes all understanding. And then he gives you actually rest in your daily life. Enjoy the seasons of rest. I'll tell you, you better enjoy it. Praise God. Because when the trials come, it's hard to go to bed. Sometimes it's hard to wake up. Sometimes it's hard to get motivated. Sometimes because you go through such trials. I want to read this quote now. So I don't have a slide for this. You might know this quote if you've heard, you've been around the message a while. This is a a very popular quote. I've heard it since I've been in the message. Brother Vang probably would remember. Sister Beatatrice and Naomi and my wife probably would remember. It's a for years, you know, you see with the guest preachers, they they use certain quotes and then the preachers keep using that. It's like for time and season. It's a good thing. God will give you like a time and season, a quote, you know, like for a while, brother, it was a uh the mind is the greatest battlefield, right? We had sermons on that in in Lima. It seemed like every preacher coming the battlefield of the mind, battlefield of the mind, you know, and then we'll get sermons on, you know, maybe the baptism of the Holy Ghost, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and then sermons on the Godhead and the importance of that one. And so, there was a time where this particular quote was uh being preached a lot, and now I understand why because we need rest. Brother Ram said, I was saying somewhere maybe here a few nights ago, I wanted to preach so bad. I preached to my wife in bed till 12:00 midnight just telling her of how glorious Jesus was. Preached till midnight in his bed to his wife. A text come in my heart. Now listen, it kept burning me. And the church said, "The spirit of burning came on." Brother Brandham, this is meditation. He's meditating on the things of God. said, "Oh, honey, can I just I know you're tired. I know we got three kids here at home. Can I just preach you a sermon?" He probably didn't say a little bit either. He said, "Can I just preach you a sermon?" Because then he would have been lying or not not telling the truth. He said, "It just kept burning me so great till I just couldn't rest with it." So, it's interesting. It's about rest, but then he couldn't rest till he had to tell somebody. I just said, "Honey, I want to preach a little while." and she roused up. By grace she listened. And church, may God help us as even husbands to listen sometimes to our wives when our wives want to tell us things. By grace, we can do it. Brother V, right, sisters? By grace, you can listen to your husband. See, it's always by grace. I love this quote. I said, "The Christian faith is based soundly upon rest." Now, does the quote sound familiar? That's right. A Christian is not tossed about. A Christian doesn't run from place to place. I'm going to run for my problems. I'm going to run to this church and now I'm going to run over that church and I'm going to run over here to that church. A lot of people do that on the other side of the state because they have lots of messed churches over there. And the churches are local and so they can just go from pick up one leave one church go right to the other. Sometimes they tell the pastor before they leave, sometimes they don't. And I'm not doubting them because when I first left, I didn't tell the pastor when I left. Now, I went back and apologized, though. You should always tell the pastor before you leave, right? A Christian doesn't run from place to place. A Christian doesn't fuss and fume and worry about things. A Christian rests. It's all over. It's all finished for the believer at Calvary. So, a Holy Ghost believer, even though they've got God in their soul, their rest or their foundation goes back to Calvary. That's right. Oh, sickness may come and disappointments. How many ever had disappointments? But the Christians at rest knowing this, that God's able to keep that which he has performed. Knowing that no matter what the thing is or how it looks, there's neither sickness, sorrow, death. There's neither star starvation or anything that can separate us from the love of God that's in Christ Jesus. That's Romans 8. We're at rest. Just let the old ship toss any way she wants to. The anchor holds you. Hallelujah. Praise God. Let life take whatever turn it may take. That's okay. I've got an anchor. That's what your whole life is based on. I'm not moving from my devotion to Jesus Christ. I got to anchor. The Bible said you got to anchor in your soul. And the Bible says anchor there beyond the curtain in heaven in the holiest of holiest in heaven. So our anch We're actually anchored to Jesus. He's our rock. Hallelujah. Amen. I don't think I've ever kept my wife to preach at night. Have I? In bed. There's been a couple times I was like I was just I know I remember I was by the uh the sink there in the in in the downstairs bathroom. I was like, can I just share this thought with you real quick? It's just I just got to share and you know then I was a little sad I did because you know maybe I didn't explain it right and so it didn't go over like I thought. I in my mind I'm thinking like oh my wife's gonna be really excited and maybe I probably didn't explain it very good. I'm like I should have kept it to myself. Right? Because I I can't I can't give somebody I can't make them see it the way I see it. And maybe my words were all cut up anyway. That would be the norm. I'm just trying to learn how to pronounce words still. He said, "I come by a harbor one time and I seen that we was flying in a plane coming down low. There's a big old ship there. the sails had been let down, you know, and that old ship was rocking back and forth. Some waves would go in and some waves would go under and everything. I said, "Why? Wonder why is that?" And a fellow sitting there said, "It's got a sea anchor in it. Therefore, the ship can't sink." He said, "It can go through the waves, but it can't sink because it's anchored." So he sees the storms and waves come up all over and it just seems like everything everything every trial is of life is being tossed on this ship but it stays afloat. Church, God wants you to stay afloat and God made a way for you to stay afloat. You've got to anchor. It's the word of God. Preaching to you this morning, too. Hallelujah. Some waves we can go over and some waves go under us. Ever felt like that? Your life got picked up from underneath you? Woo! That p kind of picked me up a little bit. I didn't see that one coming. Other times it comes over. You're like, "Oh my goodness, I was ambushed by this one." Sometimes it knocks you up because it comes under you. Whoop. And then other times it's like, "Oh, I'm covered." Life's trials are covered all over me, but I'm still here. God kept me from sinking. Hallelujah. I'm still floating. I'm still sailing on life. Salem main. Hallelujah. Because I've got an anchor. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. Brother Ram says, Brother Ram says that anchor then is your rest. I've got an anchor that will keep me. I'm going to be tossed. I'm going to get uh things under me. I'm going to have the things come over me, but I'm not going to sink. He said, "Oh, praise God. We got to anchor." He says, "Regardless, it isn't the ship doing the holding." Listen, church, it's the anchor doing the holding. It isn't what I am or what I will be or what I was. Look at that. What I was, what I am, what it's not about me. It's what he is now. And what he did for me and you. It ain't what I can do. It's what he has done. My faith doesn't anchor in what the coming meetings will be. But I wasn't judging. Well, I'll be a Christian if the next services are pretty good. If not, well, maybe I'm not going to maybe I'm not called to preach. That's not what your faith rests in. That's why we got to go through the seasons. Every church has to go through seasons of ups and downs, different trials. And and we got to learn, we're not anchored in what we expect to happen or what our ideas. We're anchored in Jesus Christ. That's right. My faith doesn't rest in any ability that I have. Let's let's say that. Say any ability. Ready? Any ability. Your faith isn't in your ability or what the church I should join. You're not anchored even by this church or what people I should associate with. I'm not anchored in my friends and my close friends. I'm not anchored in them. Like I I tell people, people can come and go. I'm anchored in Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. And I will be by God's grace because I've learned you don't trust in man. You trust in God. My faith anchors and rests entirely upon the finished work of the Lord Jesus Christ that's already been received in heaven. Praise God. And this is what he had to preach to his wife. Let me tell you about this boat I saw when I was flying in the other a couple weeks ago in the harbor. This this was awesome. Honey, listen to me. Stay up. Wake up. Sit up. I want to tell you, I saw waves go under. I said waves come over. I saw all these things, but yet the anchor held. And that's what the Christian does. I rest in the work of Christ. Thanks, darling. That's probably what she did because mama's got one of the hardest jobs out there. God justified him by raising him from the dead. This is my beloved son whom I'm well pleased. And God raised him up from the dead for our justification. No wonder the poet said, "Living he loved me." Remember he saying that song? Dying he say be buried. He carried my sins far away. Rising justified freely forever. Someday he's coming. Oh glorious day. The Christian rests in that hope upon the stormy seas. Sure, storms rise, all kinds of troubles, but we're anchored. That's all. It'll never sink. Now, listen. It can't sink. Your life can't sink into the mires and and and despicable sins and addictions of life. You can't sink in that. [Music] Because you're anchored. Hallelujah. That's what brother's talking about about the invincible army. It's not that we'll we'll we'll get a spot where we'll stop sitting. It's that no matter what comes, no matter what trials we go through, we've got an anchor. Hallelujah. And we will stand because our anchor strong. Praise God. That's why we stand. That ship didn't stand because of its own ability. The ship stood because of the anchor. Hallelujah. It's rest. It rested in the anchor. Amen. That's why when people use that invincible army, you got to look at it like that. It's an invincible ship because of the anchor. The builder. Glory. The builder of the ship is the one who gets all the credit because the builder ship remembered to put an anchor on there. And God remembered to put an anchor in you. It's called the fire of God. Hallelujah. The life of God. The consuming fire of God that wants to consume all your life. Hallelujah. Now, I've noticed many Christians in life to be up and down. I've wondered about that. Why are people so tossed about? This is from the sermon, Why are people so tossed about? 1956. You find them. They seem to be very religious, seem to have such a deep desire. They daily they search and hunt and seek for God, but never come to any settlement of any kind to where they could ever be settled or anchored in Christ. And this I've learned to be an experience that it's people of intellectuals. So other words, when we think too much about it and we don't and we try to when we try to understand everything, we get tossed back and forth. And brother, I'm saying we just can't we can't get to the spot where we try to figure everything out. We got to go back to the fact that I'm anchored in Jesus. What did Jesus do for me? What did he accomplish for me? I need Jesus. Jesus is my only hope. He's my only stay. I'm not saved because of myself. I'm saved because of Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. And church, we've all been tossed about to some degree. But brother, I've noticed, you know, there's people that just seem more solid. He goes on to say, he said, they just seem so happy all the time. Now, church, nobody's perfect, so they're not happy all the time, but they appear to be happy most of the time. He said, because they're resting in what Jesus Christ did for them. And he goes on to later to say there was three courts. There's the outer court, the holy place, and the holist of holies. And brother said, "Some people live out here in the outer court, and they experience the sun and the rain and the winds and the floods that we're seeing out there. They experience all this." So they're up and down. He said, "We got to live in the holiest of holies because the weather doesn't impact the presence of God. Your trials of life don't impact what's going on in the Holiest of Holies." Right? Amen. That's the point of this sermon. And brother uses those three steps of Ezekiel. New heart, new spirit, my spirit. Praise God. Brother uses that illustration. You got to live in the presence of God. In other words, if you're in that ship, you just got to trust. I've got an anchor. Church, sometimes some of us just need to go over to the side of our boat and say, "Where is that anchor?" Some I feel like it's a straw. I got to make sure it's there. Just go look over the side. Just go grab a hold of that chain. Glory. Put your hands on that chain. Just make sure the anchor is going to hold. It'll be a great reminder that God's with you. Hallelujah. That God's for you, that God has anchored his word into your life. Praise God. And you try to pull it up. You can't pull it up. Hallelujah. And God made it that way. Hallelujah. It's not about your power. It's about the power of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank God the anchor holds. I just thought I'd just review this real quick. I know we're coming up on Good Friday and Easter. I And just I don't think we'll have a Good Friday service this year because of Brother Rod and I were talking about something. We might have to go do an errand special like a special errand. So just FYI. Uh and this will be the first year I'm home for Easter in a couple years here by God's grace. I've been down at brother Cams for Easter the last few years and before that I was down in Columbus for Easter. Seemed like people wanted me to preach Easter meetings for a while. But remember, brother said in uh uh that day on Calvary, it was uh September 25th, 1960. Brother said, "Calvary did three things to you." So, let me say like this. The anchor did three things for you. First, it settled the sin question. Are you going to have to suffer for your sins? It settled that Jesus already suffered for all your sins. Am I going to get uh eternally punished? Not I'm sorry. Am I going to eternally annihilated? Am I going to be done away because of my sins? That question is settled. Jesus dropped the charges against me because he paid my fine. The Bible said he nailed it to the cross. So all the all the sins against you was already nailed to the cross. It's already been paid for. Your sin's already been judged. Hallelujah. The sin question is settled. This is what you can rest on. He said, "I rest on the finished work of Jesus Christ. Second, what did Calvary do? It broke the powers of Satan on your life. And it, he says, and it opened the prison doors. So, not only did the spirit of God forgive you, the spirit of God then broke your chains. And you don't have to be a slave to this where I can't get over this. I feel like I'm I'm just chained to this. The Holy Ghost broke those chains. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. And now you're free. That's what Isaiah said. He come to set the prisoners free. Everybody said there sometimes you just got to realize you forget you're free. Let's read it. Isaiah 61. Let's read it. I'm already in Isaiah 29. So that worked out pretty good. Verse 1 1611. The spirit of the Lord is upon me because he hath anointed me to preach good tidings and to the meek. He hath sent me to bind up the broken heart, to heal the broken hearts, to proclaim liberty to the captives and the opening of the prison to them that are bound, to proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord. Now, any Bible reader knows at that point Jesus ended his reading in Luke chapter 4 when he was in the synagogue. He didn't say about this being the day of judgment. Go to verse two. Uh verse two, Jesus, stop right there because brother Ram says the day of judgment wasn't here yet. So what does that mean? This is the year of Jubilee. It's a spiritual year. And we've only had two days in this year because we had 2,000 years. We got a whole year. I said, I just we got a whole eternity, church. Hallelujah. So let me tell you, if your heart's broken, then Jesus is here to fix your heart. Amen. My heart's been fixed because of Jesus Christ. If you're bound up, Jesus is there to set you free. Praise God. But you got to hate the chains. Like brother says, all you got to do is walk away from your chains. That's all. Just walk away. Just walk into a holy just start walking on the highway of holiness. Praise God. I hope I never punch you one of these days. I'm like, holiness. Glory. Amen. You it just you don't have to be chained up. He set you free. You'd block it anyway. Look at that. He says, "Oh, the the prison has been open. All you got to do is walk out. Free man, free woman, you're free." That's the second thing that Calvary did for you. Praise God. It settled the question. The court doesn't have any more records of your wrongs. There's nothing against you. Jesus paid your fine. Hallelujah. And then he broke your chains and then he opened up the prison. All he's got to do is walk out and enjoy your new life. Praise God. Amen. That's all you got to do. Amen. And then Barb said, "What's the third thing it did?" He said, "The third thing it did was it showed what we should do in return." And that is to have power to be a witness unto Jesus. Whether we're at Amazon or CPPley Ferlone City Schools, what's the name of your uh factory, Brother Vang Kasera, or whether you're an entrepreneur with your own business or wherever you are, whether you're working for the government or whe whether you're working on the police force or wherever you're working, he said, "Be a witness unto Jerusalem, Samaria, to Akran, to Doylestown, to Ka Falls, wherever you are, be a witness. You have power to do it." Praise God. I'm giving you power. This is what Calvary did. No more sin. No more chains. Open prison doors. And now you got a job to do for Jesus. Hallelujah. Is that enough for us or not? That should be enough for us. And that should be the anchor that we need in our lives to overcome the storms of life. There could be no greater words. It's a spirit of God. He's going to heal your heart. He's going to give you liberty. You're no longer a slave. He's going to open the prison doors and proclaim this is the year of Jubilee. This is the hour of your freedom. Go back to where your inheritance. Go back to what you should be doing. Amen. That's what the man would do. He was a slave for six years. on the seventh year, on the fifth year, whichever one it was, whatever he he uh was ent indentured and servant into, all he had to do is go back, where's my daddy? Where was my mama? All he had to do is go back to where his family was. And that's what you've done. You just come to your family. Just come back to your family and start doing what God's called you to do. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Amen. This is the year of Jubilee. Praise God. Freedom to the captives. You don't have to be free. Just walk away from it. Amen. Brother Ram also told a person too uh she uh this woman had an addiction to just a temper. And brother Ram says she said it's like a snake that bothers me. Brother said you don't have to fight the snake. He said just walk away from the snake. Now most of you don't like snakes around here. I don't either so much. I'm not a big fan of them. They are quite amazing. Like the Bible said they're quite amazing on a rock how they move. They got a lot of that beauty left too, you know, with the scales and everything. But brother said, "Why stand there and try to fight it? I rebuke the bitterness. I rebuke the hatred. I rebuke I just stop thinking about it." He said, "Just walk away. Stop focusing on your faults." In other words, stop focusing on the prison. Oh, oh, I hate this prison. Stop pounding the bars. All you got to do is just walk out of the bars. Just leave it. Amen. Just leave it behind and walk in the freedom. Walk in the liberty. Start loving the ways of God. Hallelujah. Just start sailing. Hallelujah. Just start sailing in the ways of God. Hallelujah. So, what is that? That's like a complex, right? Just, oh, I can't can't get my mind off this sin. Just overcome your complex. I'm free from the complex. I don't have to be a slave of this complex. Come on. How many want to have the rest of God? But the man said, "It's your foundation." In other words, when you feel like life's falling apart, you better go check the foundation. Hallelujah. And that foundation is the finished work of Jesus Christ. What did Jesus do for me? He did everything and then some. He did. What I mean by that is he did everything now in your earthly journey. And he gave you a future home, an eternal home. He did everything for us. Hallelujah. And remember, you can't sink. I can't sink, brother Patrick. I can't. Now, I'm not going to boast on that because pride goes before a fall. I'm going to rejoice in that. Amen. I'm going to rejoice that I can't sink, not boast in it. The only thing we can boast in is the power of the cross. Hallelujah. As Paul said, because of the cross, we won't sink. Amen. Because of the cross, we'll be standing here watching and waiting. Because of the cross, I'll be watching, waiting. I'll be standing. I'll be somewhere. Listen for my name. When the Savior calls, I'll answer. I'll be somewhere. Listen for my name because I'm not going to sink. I'm going to stand on the rock of ages. Glory. Hallelujah. Now, I'm going to close with this. I got two minutes on my hour. I'm going to preach a little over an hour. Okay? Not going to do an hour and a half unless I surprise myself. But I just want to close with this to encourage you here. Oh, I have to say that for Wednesday, okay, church, I'm amazed too sometimes just how the Bible keeps opening more and more. It's an eternal book. Praise God. But we see how brother Abraham is meditating on the word of God. It's a burning and he's got to preach till midnight in his own bed. Now, doesn't that fit how the David said, "I'm going to meditate on my bed." Doesn't that fit that? Remember, like I said last week with the He was laying there and said, "Boy, if you're 50 years old, if you want to do something for God, you better start doing something now." He's meditating. And then that's when his theophony or that's when his uh Yeah. Uh no, that that's when his soul that's when his soul was caught up out of his body. Hallelujah. And his uh his his soul and spirit leave the bed. And that's when he goes beyond the curtain of time. So God would help him so much while he's meditating on the things of God. Now these waves of life, let's remember some of these waves of life. 2 Corinthians 7:5 and six. Now we could go through Paul's resume. I got a list of them there. I think it's I got my Bible checklist in here of my favorite topics here. Resume. Yeah, I have a whole list of resume of sufferings in 2 Corinthians 4, 2 Corinthians 6, and 2 Corinthians 11. 2 Corinthians is filled with Paul's sufferings. Remember, because he's trying to show these fanatical Christians, right? These emotional Christians with all these gifts and all these sins, these I'll say like this, these justified Christians. He's trying to show all these justified Christians that he's a true man of God and that the gospel brings suffering as well. Not just gifts, although we thank God for gifts, but you got to overcome suffering as a Christian. Now, just let's just remind ourselves. Let's look at some of these waves that we go through in our lives. And none of these will sink you, church. They can't sink you. Because you're ordained, you're ordained to sail. There's my hour. For when we were coming to Macedonia, our flesh had no rest. See, he didn't have rest. This is one of those moments where this is a season of persecution. This ain't going to be a easy season. But we were troubled on what side? Every that means trouble at the job, trouble in your health, trouble in your family, maybe trouble in finances, troubles everywhere. And yet he was a he was anchored in his soul. Hallelujah. He had to been. He was filled with the Holy Ghost right after he got saved. He there's trouble everywhere. Brother Chris. Yeah, brother Chris. St. Paul. St. Paul. Yep. St. Paul. Without we're fighting. So he's saying now outside of me. He looked like everybody's fighting. They're fighting the churches. There's fighting amongst Roman soldiers. Just fights everywhere. So like all the violence in the world today, these people protesting, those people destroying Tesla cars, these people doing this and doing all kinds of everywhere. There there's fightings everywhere. And then within everyone's petrified with fear. Are we going to sink? Is my ship going to sink? Am I going to be lost? Right? So see, we're not guaranteed that every season of our life is going to be so easy. We have to endure all the waves. God wants us to experience going. God wants us to experience that the anchor will hold. And then one of these Sundays, you'll come to church and you'll sing that and you'll start weeping and crying and thanking God your anchor held. Thank God I've got an anchor. I would have I would have sunk on my own. But because the anchor Jesus put in my life, I'm still sailing today. Hallelujah. Glory. The anchor holds. See trouble everywhere you look. Fighting everywhere you look. And inside of me, I'm battling fear. Is this storm ever going to pass? Oh no, another storm. Yeah, another storm. Nevertheless, who steps in? God. Nevertheless, the anchor that comforted those that are cast down comfort us by the coming of Titus. So, look at this. God sends another brother at just the right time to bring some comfort to these people going through storms of life. And doesn't the Bible say in Proverbs, a word in due season, how pleasant it is. There's some people God will send to you at just the right time just when you need God in flesh, right? God with flesh on and they'll have they'll say exactly the thing you need to hear when it it seems like all trouble's breaking loose. Everything's falling apart outside of you and inside of you. And God will send somebody with a word to bring you back to the comfort that you need to have. And the church said, I'm just going to briefly go over this list of some of Brother Ram's failures. Brother Ram was uh saved and baptized either the end of 1931 or the beginning of 1932. By the end of 1932, he was ordained to preach in the Missionary Baptist Church. Now, that was about 1932. Somewhere right in there, he got the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I'm not quite sure. some there's quotes where he says he got it in a shed and then he got it another place maybe in a field I can't remember exact one but not I can't place exactly where he was born again but I want you to know though fast forward to 1937 and the Ohio River flood he's been born again for maybe five years what happens he's born again church he's got the anchor but this storm comes on his life and his mother-in-law says you are not taking my daughter to these Pentecostal with a bunch of trash. And this storm came in. Notice the storm comes in through a mother-in-law. Now, for you, it might be a father-in-law or for you it might be your boss, right? Or your mom or your dad. And a storm comes in. And brother's born again. He's got the rest in his soul. But he gets so worried about offending his mother-in-law that he disobys God. He disobeyed the angel, the Lord. And we know what happened after that. The Ohio River, they still got I I was in Jeffersonville last year. They still got a mark where it was 22 feet high of Ohio River flood. It's still marked on that building right by uh Ships's candy store. It's still marked up there. He's five years got to anchor and this storm comes in where because he disobeyed his mother-in-law, the the natural flood comes in. Talk about a natural and spiritual. The enemy comes in like a flood. His wife dies of tuberculosis. Then Sharon Rose dies. Hallelujah. And then brother said it's like God just said, "Shut up. I don't want to hear from you anymore." And remember the devil talked to him. I went through this a few weeks ago. The devil said everything. He's like, "Amen. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right." But he said all of a sudden everything broke away. All these trials in my mind broke away and the anchor held for him. Praise God. The devil's trying to say quit. God don't care for you. He's like, "Well, you couldn't tell me there wasn't a God. I knew there was a God, but I thought maybe he didn't care for me. But when he went to check over the side of the ship, all as the water's falling all over and everything's falling apart in his life, the anchor was there and the anchor, he tried to tug on the anchor was there and it says, "The Lord gives and the Lord takes away. Blessed be the name of the Lord." The anchor said that. Praise God. And then church even after that the waves came so hard he tried to commit suicide right on two occasions he tried to commit suicide. Look it up twice he tried he tried to grab the electrical lines and then he had the gun loaded too. A Holy Ghost fililled person. And the church said he's filled with the Holy Ghost. But sometime these waves are more than we can handle. They feel like they're more than we can handle. Why does God do that? Because he's testing your anchor. He's letting you see, sorry, he's letting you see the power of an anchor. And that's to try your faith to make your faith more genuine, to make your faith more strong. In each case, those two cases, he tried to commit suicide, God protected him. God put him to sleep. Or God wouldn't let the gun go off, right? The one time and then he woke up. He was up on the ladder. Think about that. up on the ladder and you wake up and you're on the ground. How did I get down from the ladder? It happened to me when I passed out. I was walking to the bathroom a couple years ago after after I tore my hamstring there. I was walking in the bathroom. I don't even remember. I just woke up like this on the floor. I That's a pretty good fall by God's grace. I think the angels I think the angels caught me and just laid me down. I felt like I was my head didn't hurt. I don't know what happened. I tell you, God is rich in mercy. Now, my grandpa's testimony, great grandpa Garza, they were driving down 77 in on the mountains there. And my grandpa's testimony before he died, I got it on tape, too. He said they were driving and a 18-wheeler tractor trailer went over the line and was flying right into them. And my grandpa said he threw his hands up. He said, "Jesus, on on those, you you ever drove a 77, all the mountains there, the curvy mountains?" He said, "Jesus." And then he said everything went black. He woke up and he and his he and my mother, my my grandma Julia, Romero and Julia are on the side of the road. He said he's got his hands on the uh on the driver's wheel. He wakes up and they're perfectly parked on the side of the road. Nothing, no damage done, not even know how they got there. That's that that's the anchor holding. Hallelujah. Now, God could have let him get an accident like Brother Brandham, right? But it's just to show you if you can't take care of yourself, the anchor will take care of you. Hallelujah. Amen. The anchor will hold. Praise God. I just want you to see, church, people that are baptized with the Holy Ghost, they go through some very difficult times. Remember, Brother lied to the IRS. He lied. He li he tell his wife, he said, "Uh, tell him I'm not here." But what did the anchor do? The anchor said, "You better go make that right. Don't lay your lying hands on these babies." She had to go back and tell them. And now then the IRS guy said, "You actually me look more like a Christian to us than before because we've seen you repent of your mistakes." Praise God. Holy Ghost people can be tempted to commit suicide and lie to the hol and lie to people. Yeah. Holy Ghost people. Holy Ghost people can can cater to their mother-in-law rather than Christ. Yeah. Sometimes they do that. And remember the other other quote uh from 1960, brother Ram said he had a sinus infection for nine days straight with a temperature of like 103. And that's when his wife rebuked him a little bit. She said, "Stay silent, Bill. God knows what he's doing." He's like, "Maybe God never called me to preach." And the Lord Jesus came to him at the end of it and said, "You've catered too much to denomination." So brother man was catering to his mother-in-law, disobeying God. He was catering to denominations and brother told us what that was. He was doing the discernment too much and it was wearing him out and he left all he said I left thousands of people laying sick and I never got to pray for him. He said I put too much emphasis on the gift instead of the commission. Hallelujah. Can a Holy Ghost fil person get their ministry kind of off a little bit? I know everybody's looking at me, but that's true because you got the public ministry. Well, you got a ministry, too. The thing is, we just want God to correct us when we're wrong and start all over again. Let's make it right. Let me walk in the right path. But a Holy Ghost fil person can do that. Yes. But what's there to hold you when you go through trials? The anchor is there to hold you. Praise God. Hallelujah. And the last one is 1963. Standing in the gap. Brother Ram's just tired. He's like, I preached the seven seals and I I keep going back and forth all these churches. I keep preaching against hair and makeup and and and men and they keep committing adultery. They keep getting drunk and the women keep cutting their hair. He said, "If that's the case, then they don't have to hear me preach." He said, "I'll go move up into the mountains of Colorado." So far from civilization, he said, "I'll be the real mountain man I always wanted to be, a real mountain man, a real hunter." And he made all these plans to do it. And the Holy Ghost said, "If you do that, your wife's going to leave you." He said, "I lost the feeling for the people." Brother Jess, a Holy Ghost fil person can lose feelings for the church members. Yeah, they can. He said it was a complex. They don't have to hear me. Hey, I I don't have to fellowship with them. I don't have to talk to them. I don't have to be around them. I don't have to text them back, right? I don't have to email them back, right? Just just, you know, think I don't have to do this. Cam and I were talking about that yesterday. Yeah. I don't have to go to church. I don't have to do any. I don't have to do I don't have to praise God. I don't have to do any of this. And we just sometimes we get bad attitudes because of the storms of life. Thank God there's an anchor there. Glory. Hallelujah. I'm going to quit. They don't have to hear me. I'm going to give up. I I have to deal with all this all this discouragement. Why do I always got to be discouraged? Why can't I just go and enjoy life? Because you're being tested and tried. And then brother man repent and say Lord forgive me I lost the feeling of the people and he says you pray for me I'll get my feeling back for the people and instead of being upset with them I'll love them just like Moses lost a feeling. He said he he said you bunch of rebels and he smoked the rock you bunch of that I got to be careful sometimes I say that bunch of heathens and bunch of I got to be careful with that too. Hallelujah. Now there are a bunch of serpent seed out there and the church said like it's almost 99% serpent seat out there maybe 99.9 but it's it's it's about not uh it's about not getting discouraged about all the waves of life and it's about resting in what what did Jesus Christ do for me? I'll say like this. What did Jesus Christ do for the people I'm struggling with? What did Christ do for them? And then the anchor will remind you, oh, I'm going to hold you in your storm. My anchor is going to hold them in their storms, too. Hallelujah. Holy Ghost fililled people go through difficult trials of life. Fights without, fears within, fears without. And the church said, hallelujah. But the spirit of burning brought the victory to brother Brandham in every trial. How many know that's the truth? Praise God. Let me close with this. By God's grace, Hallelujah. This is what we see, church. Jesus said the Holy Ghost would give you rest to your soul. It would give you an anchor to your soul. The soul is the nature of your human spirit. So other words, the the the Holy Ghost, the fire of God, the anchor in your soul will always try to get your mind to correct itself and think the right thoughts. Hallelujah. That means this fire is always going to try to burn out all the bad stuff in here and keep the fire up here. And like I said, then when you need it, that fire will go out into your flesh and give you rest. That's what we need. Hallelujah. The Holy Ghost gives rest to your soul. I love this. The Holy Ghost rests on you and then gives you the rest. Praise God. This is the spiritual blessing that the Lord gives us. Let me close with this. Isaiah 64. Last verse. We're in Isaiah 61. Now we're going to Isaiah 64. Now this is future I believe speaking of the 144,000. Look at verse one. Oh that thou wouldest ren the heavens and thou wouldest come down and the mountains might flow at thy presence. So what is Isaiah saying? Oh, that God would come down and the prince of God would melt the mountains. What's he looking for? He's looking for the battle of Armageddon, right? When the mountains are brought low and the islands are covered with water. Verse two, when the melting fire burneth, ever say burning. Ready? Burn. Spirit of burning. Wherever God's present presence is in your life, it's going to be burning something in your life. The fire caused the waters to boil to make thy name known to thine adversary. See, when the fire of God's burning on you, you'll testify about Jesus to people, even your enemies. Glory that the nations may tremble at thy presence. See, his presence is always a burning presence. Verse three, when thou did terrible things which we looked not for, thou camest down. The mountains flowed down at thy presence. For since the beginning of the world, men have not heard, nor perceived by the ear. Doesn't that remind you of Romans? Neither hath I seen, oh God, beside thee, what he hath prepared for them that waiteth for him. Thou meetest him that rejoices and workketh righteousness. Those that remember thee in thy ways, behold, thou art wroth, for we have sinned. In those in continuence, and we shall be saved. So, what do we get out of this? Wait on God. And church, really, if you're honest, you're a ship out in the sea. That's all you can do is wait. What else can you do, church? When you got the storms, and you can't control the storms. And the church said, "You can't control when you got a problem here, problem there, problem with that person, problem here, problem, you can't control the storms. So, what can you do other than turn your hope and wait on the Lord Jesus Christ? Wait for his coming. wait for him to come vindicate. You were righteous. You did what was right. You honored God. And then God's presence is going to come and honor you. Thank you, saints. Verse six, but we are all as unclean thing. We just got little ships, right? We got any nice yachts out there? Probably not. I don't see any yachts out there. We're just all humble little ships. and all our righteousness are as filthy rags. We're just dirty ships, right? We're just dirty boats. And we all do fade as a leaf, and our iniquities like the wind, and have taken us away. And there's none that calleth upon thy name, that stirth up himself to take hold of thee. For thou hast hid thy face from us, and has consumed us because of our iniquities. But now, oh Lord, thou art our father, we are the clay, thou art the potter, and we are all the work of thy hand. and let's stand to our feet by God's grace. Musicians can come as we prepare for communion. We also want to have a time if there's anyone that needs prayer today. We like to offer prayer for you. How many enjoy the word today? Praise God. I so enjoy it. I got a couple more sermons then on the day of Pentecost because I didn't get to all my notes here. So I thank the Lord for his grace and his mercy. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad that you can't sink because Christ has anchored your ship. Praise God. Think of that. The Holy Ghost fil believers could go through such trials and yet the anchor held each and every time. Why don't you play that? The anchor holds. Hallelujah. Been very patient. That was an hour. That was an hour and 20 minutes. So forgive me. I try not to do an hour and a half. Forgive I lost lost track track of time there. Let's pray. Father God, we thank you for today, Lord God. We love you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, God, that the anchor holds in our lives today, Lord God. Father, help us to all enter into that rest, Lord God. It burned in your prophet's heart, Lord God. And he preached it to his wife till midnight, Lord God. And by grace, he listened. Oh God, help us today to listen by grace. Help us to apply what we've heard today, Lord. That this week we'll think about, oh, this is just a storm. This is just a wave. I can rest in the anchor. Lord, thank you for giving us an anchor. Lord, let's what we should be most thankful for is the finished work of Jesus Christ on Calvary. Lord, every church could ask, why are the Akran saints so tossed about? Why are the Napoleon saints or the Lima saints or the Alvian saints or the De Moine saints? Why are sometimes we so tossed about? Because we got to go back to the anchor. Hallelujah. We got to live in the holiest of holies, Lord God. Hallelujah. Jesus, grant it, Lord God. Oh God, help us to be in one accord just now, Lord God. I know I preached longer than I wanted to, Lord. But Father, thou art in all the details, Lord God. Lord Jesus, I pray you meet the needs of your people here today for the glory of God. Father, may each person reach out to you. Lord God, I trust each person was ready to listen today and then apply this to their lives. Lord, I pray you'd bless them, Father God. Have your way, Lord Jesus, to meet the needs of thy people, Lord. For some, they might need prayer. others. Help them just to praise you because they got an anchor that will hold them in the storms of [Music] life. Maybe we've catered too much to Lord temptations in our lives, Lord God. Maybe we've catered to what people think about us or what people are going to see on the internet. Lord, may we only give our focus and our dedication to you, Lord God. Help us not to care what other people think. Help us to only cater to you, to serve you, Lord Jesus, to do what you want to do in our lives. I pray you'd grant it, Lord God, in Jesus Christ's name.
