################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - (4-26-25) Saturday Evening Service - Dennis McBride - Dennis Mc.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-27
Title:    (4-26-25) Saturday Evening Service - Dennis McBride
Speaker:  Dennis Mc
Church:   Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 9m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRgWuRfDN4A
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
And if he allowed us to be here, we know it's for a purpose because there's purpose behind everything that he does. Yes, sir. So, we should always be looking for the purpose of God within each day that we live. Isn't that right? He don't just let us live just to live. Just to breathe the air and eat pizza and Chipotle. It's a reason why we're living. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. You know, and uh it was a brother that ministered recently and and it just kind of really sat well with my heart, of course, because he he expressed that, you know, the reason why we're here is to prepare for where we're going. So, our life here is not meant for us to satisfy ourselves. Hallelujah. Amen. But it's to come to know the one that made us so that we can be prepared to go to where we're going to go. Whether you want to or not, everybody got to die. Amen. I heard one brother say years ago, that's a point that that's an appointment that everybody has and you're going to meet it. Amen. That's right. Now, there's an exception to that. At the coming of the Lord, as far as the rapture is concerned, sir, we which are alive and remain shall be caught up, right? So, there are a few people that's not going to actually see death, right? Uh physically speaking, but nonetheless though, until that time comes, that's something that we all have to face. Amen. So, that's why we're here. Amen. You guys sound wonderful. Amen. The little children or whatever, man. Y'all sound spectacular. I ain't just saying that either. I really enjoyed it. Anyway, God bless you all. Good to see everybody. Amen. My precious brother here. Amen. Brother Benjamin. It's been a long time. About 50 years, huh? Amen. Your brother, what's your brother's name, man? Those guys was about this tall last time I saw them, man. So, it's good to see you, my brother. God bless you richly. Amen. It was good to meet our brother Chris. Thank God for him and the fellowship that we had. And it's good to see everybody. So, I don't want to keep you standing long. Uh so, let's just kind of get right into the word. Let's start with Psalms 145. Psalms 145. I'm going start at verse 15, Lord willing. It says, "The eyes of all wait upon thee, and thou givest them their meat in due season. Thou openest thine hand, and satisfest the desire of every living thing." Amen. Let us pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, have your way. We're here to serve you, Lord. Not our own agendas. We have no, we have nothing to glory in within ourselves, Lord. We can do nothing without you. You said it in your word, Lord, but we've experienced it, Father. Yes, Lord. We need you for everything, Lord. And we need you tonight both to minister and to hear because only you can open up our ears to give us understanding. So, Father, may you help us to understand, Lord. May you help us to minister just to yield to your spirit, Father. And may you just be able to have your way according to your will, Lord, what you purposed before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. We thank you, Lord. We thank you for allowing us to be here, Father. For keeping us, Lord, for preserving us. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Have your way. We ask these things in your name, the name of our Lord. Lord, forgive us of our sins. Yes, Jesus. And our iniquities, Lord. Yes, Lord. We all acknowledge that we are work in progress. Yes, Lord. We don't get everything right, Father. There's still some rough places, Lord. Lord, but we're glad, Father, that you helped us to come as far as we have. Hallelujah. And you are here to finish that work, Lord. So, may we submit ourselves to you. Hallelujah. Lord, you are the potter and we are the clay. Have your way, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. You may be seated, saints. God bless you. man, what I've been studying lately, my heart is still full of that. Uh, and I don't know if I'll make it to that now or not. We'll see. I know I won't make it to it tonight because this is a whole another topic. Yes, sir. Uh but we just want God to have his way. Amen, brother. Amen. Amen. Your mother, Brother Benjamin, she she was in our service last night. I hadn't seen her in years. She came and shook my hand and greeted me. I was like, "Praise the Lord." Amen. So, praise God. Hallelujah. Now, I just share this also. Um, you know, it's a lot of people that's afraid to fly. Now, too many mechanical issues or whatever. You know, it's okay to have a mechanical issue in a in a in a car on ground. you know, you can just pull over when it comes to the air. Lord have mercy. So, today was my first time experiencing something and I I felt the enemy wanted to do something more. Um, was coming down for a landing and the guy behind me, I heard him say, "I've I've flown thousands of times." He said, "And I've never I've never seen this happen before. We're coming down for a landing. The wheels set and everything. And then right before we land, all of a sudden, it's like inside of the plane, it felt like a roller coaster ride. You know how when you're on a roller coaster, it goes down and all of a sudden it shoots up. Man, that that plane came down, all of a sudden it shot up. And like when it shot up, it had to increase speed. So that left everybody kind of like what what's going on here? What just happened? And they didn't say anything. So I knew something serious had happened that they were not making aware, making us aware of so that it wouldn't startle everyone. But we took back off, man. And we had to circle around and I don't know what I just started praying. I know that. And I said, "Lord, just help this plane to come down safe. Let it come down safe, Lord, and land correctly. Let me get off. Here I am." So the Lord [Applause] bless. So tonight saints um I actually dealt with this subject man ago or so and it just earlier today it came the word this word came on my heart just kind of it's a talk. So I paused for a moment. I was like, "Okay, but I was studying something totally different." So then once I got here tonight, here at the church tonight, just came back a second time. I was like, and all of a sudden I didn't feel to deal with what I was studying on. So that's why I'm approaching this right now. Amen. Just for that sole reason alone. Praise the Lord. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. So, as a as a title, and I I'll just read our opening scripture once more. It was Psalms 145 starting at verse 15. The eyes of all wait upon thee. Yes. Isn't that true, saints? Amen. Amen. Yes. Whether they believe in God, human speaking, humanly speaking, whether they believe in God or not, they need God. Yes, sir. You understand? They're just deceived to the place to where they won't acknowledge him. Amen. And many people are deceived by evil spirits to call him other names. That's right. Right. But they're looking to a higher power to supply for needs. But we by the grace of God, we know who that higher power is. Amen. We know his name. What's his name, saints? Praise the Lord. Amen. And we're blessed by that, right? Cuz we know what we're approaching. We know who we're dealing with. Amen. So, it says, "The eyes of all wait upon me. That's that's that's every that's botney life. That's animal life." Right? It says, "And thou givest them their meat in due season. Again, I'm going to go back to this point. Even people that don't believe in God, they only have what they have because God allowed them to have it. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. They're just too ignorant, blind. That's what it is. They're too blind to the fact. Yes. And most people think they obtain a lot of things on their own, you know, and God don't like that. That's why he did Nebuchadnezzar like he did. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You know, he just he he he got a little amnesia. How many know that God will cure you from amnesia? When you think when you begin to think too much of yourself and too little of him, right? Right. Look at what I did. Oh, what the Bible why he yet spake. God, God, let me come down and help you to understand. Let me take you back to school. My creation, you little itty bitty man. You haven't done nothing on your own. Everything you beholding right now and you somehow getting puffed up about, I did that. G. And it was only for a purpose. Cuz he wasn't necessarily a godly man. That's right. Can we say praise the Lord? Praise the Lord. That's right. So even amongst the men of the earth that are not godly men, God allowed them to be to partake of their labors. That's right. Yes. Right. So, they got the trucks and the trailers and the houses and this and that and the other and won't even darken the doorstep of a church. That's right. Cuz they're deceived. They're blind. Yes, sir. You understand what I'm saying? But God can pull those blessings. God can pull the rug at any time. Just like that rich man that was dying. Or rather, he didn't know. And that's the key. He didn't know that he was going to die on that day. Yeah, that's right. He had worked hard and tried to establish things for himself or what have you. Right. And then here it is, you know, when when he's at the climax of his career. Amen. When when when when he's been you working within has has yielded the the the the biggest the biggest crop it seeming. He had to build new barns. And then he made the mistake that Nebuchadnezzar Nebuchadnezzar made. God had grace upon Nebuchadnezzar because he just reduced him down to an animallike lifestyle for a season and that was enough to straighten him out. But this man, he didn't have that opportunity. That same grace wasn't extended to him. Now he was coming to his end of life and he failed to prepare properly for the afterlife. That's right. He thought he did. He was religious and everything. Right. But then he said out of his own mouth, "So, rest thyself, the audacity." Right? The audacity for him to actually tell his own soul to get rest. Who do you think you are? Huh? And when God looking at him, him thinking that he had favor with God, he was deceived in that. God said, "Thou fool, this night your soul is required of you." He didn't know when he woke up that morning, saints, that was his last day. He didn't know when he ate that delicious meal the night before that the next day that that was going to be his Well, he probably ate breakfast, too. You understand what I'm saying? But he didn't know that he was approaching his last moments in this life. He didn't He didn't see that. And that wasn't in his plans. He had other plans. People plan all the time. That's why the Bible says for people that are business owners and what have you, it says that you can make a plan. I'mma go into a certain area. I'mma buy and sell and get gain or what have you. You know, he said, "Well, hold on now. You you lacking something." Yes. you lacking something that's very needful. He says what you need to add to that to that plan. He didn't say it was wrong to plan good plan. Plan your career, plan your path of life or what have you. But the Bible lets us know we want to add this vital ingredient to that. If the Lord wills, then we'll do this or that. You understand what I'm saying? But that's how the devil has designed this world or what have you. you just get into a place or a mode or a groove sometimes where you just kind of get to going or whatever and you just think that it's all you and you got these plans and you got these outcomes that you've imagined. Amen. But God has control over all and then fail to acknowledge the one that brings things to pass. It might not even be his will for your life. That's right. That's right. Amen. That's why the Bible says they that would be rich, they pierced themselves through with many, how does it say it, brother? Sinful and hurtful lust, you know, cuz you trying to obtain something that's not for you. And when things fail, you all disappointed. You fail to go to God and ask God, Lord, what is your will? Where do you want me to go? Maybe he's stopping you from something that'll be harmful for your life. Something you think you want, but God know you don't need that. You don't need that person. You don't need that job. You don't need to stay in this location. Live over here. So, he'll cut off every corner to drive you into the place that'll actually be best for you. Listen now. It might not suit your carnal taste. Hallelujah. But it'll suit the taste of your soul. Hallelujah. Cuz that soul is wanting God's will. It was made to to thirst after God. Did I give you my title? Yeah. Satisfaction. Satisfaction. I ain't make it to verse 16. Thou openest thy hand. Speaking of God, it says, "And does what?" Satisfiest the desire of what? So where does satisfaction lie? Completely. Amen. Hallelujah. You understand what I'm saying? When people try to go about life and leave God out, you know what they become? They become dissatisfied. Ain't satisfied with that. There is nothing that's truly fulfilling. It can't be. Amen. Because the fulfiller is left out of the equation. Yes, sir. The Bible says the way of a transgressor is hard. Those that try to live outside of God's bounds, outside of his word, it's a hard life. Let me read something to you here. I'm not going to make it through all of this. I can tell it now. I'm just kind of according to how I feel led. Amen. This message here is called Identified with Christ 1959 December the 20th. It's a evening service. Brother Brandon says this, saints, and I'm I'mma rephrase that. It's the Holy Spirit expressing this. Yes. Yes. He says, you know, there is in the country today so many dissatisfied people and it's amazing when you get around and find out so much dissatisfaction. People hardly know what they want to do. He says some of them get so disturbed until they go down to the drugstore and purchase for themselves a bottle of arsenic or sulfuric acid or something and commit suicide. We were speaking about this a little earlier in our fellowship. People that are not spiritually in tune, people that don't have God in their life, they fail, this this is one very key thing. They fail to be able to recognize because only God can help you to do it the voice of evil spirits. That's right. Yes. Anybody listen to me, anybody that has ever committed suicide, as soon as they died, like as soon as they took their last breath here, they were able to see the spirit that led them to do it. Huh. and they see that wasn't even me. And that devil is tormenting them. Amen. And they're sitting there dwelling upon all the decisions that they made based upon this evil spirit. Yes, sir. And they can't come back and change nothing. He says, "And they find them laying dead. Some would turn their gas jets on in the room or setting their automobiles with a pipe for the carbon monoxide gas trying to listen trying to get away from life. You want to know what you you want to know what brings a person to try to get away from life through alcohol, through drugs, through these means that we're talking about now is because of failing to come in contact with the satisfier. Accepting substitutes that seem satisfying, but the results of the substitutes is corruption. I had an auntie. Her name was Nail Carter. I'mma tell you this. I don't say this to too many people. I just share for the sake of what I'm talking about. And just because I said her name and it brought back memories. She gave me a nickname. She used to call me Tweety, you know. But one thing about my aunt, and I can remember, ever since I was a little child, I remember her when she was in good health. I'm talking about substitutes and what they do to you. I remember when she was in good health. Listen, she wasn't a drug addict. She didn't smoke cigarettes. She wasn't alcoholic. She didn't even drink alcohol. At least I wasn't aware of it. But it's one thing that seems so innocent and so harmless. There's one thing that she just loved. And I believe she had it every day and probably multiple times a day. You know what that was? Pepsi. She loved Pepsi. uh that as a child I could always remember her talking about getting her a nice cold Pepsi. Pepsi led to her death. She became a diabetic. And once that diabetic process laid in because she wasn't she wasn't against God but she didn't give her life fully to God. Yes. And I say that because a person that's not even mindful of God like that, their minds don't automatically gravitate toward divine healing. Cuz God can come and stop you. You know how many times God had how many experienced healing in here before? You know, God is able to come and intervene. I've experienced it, right? He's able to intervene and bring corruption like bring correction to corruption. Hallelujah. Amen. But my aunt, she hit the diabetic point and initially it was just the initial diagnosis, you know, everything still functioning or whatever, you know, but then it got to a point to where she had to get on dialysis, right? And then once she got on dialysis, it was just all downhill from there. She start she lost her legs. Then her her sight began to leave her and then she passed on. What caused that? A substitute over time. You're filling your body with something that is not made to be filled with. And how many realize that mankind as a whole has done that with their souls and their spirits. That's right. Feed upon things that you shouldn't feed upon. Yes, sir. If you eat too much candy, too much junk food, what will it do for you? It'll actually in many cases bring you to that same state. You know how many people have died because of diabetes? Overindulging in substitutes. Amen. Very good. Yes, sir. People that try to live healthy and what have you and try to consume the right things. You don't see diabetes popping up all over the place amongst that percentage. Why? Because they're eating the right things. Yes. Amen. So whenever we eat the things of the world, I'm talking spiritually speaking, what kind of an outcome do you expect? Amen. Like I said, she was fine and still functioning, whatever for quite some time. Got a nice cold Pepsi, eating it with a steak and corn on the cob and some macaroni and rice and gravy and some chicken. Huh. sitting down seemingly having a feast and that Pepsi seemed like it added the f that that topping ingredient that just made everything so fine. Amen. But how great is that taste now? is actually pleasurable to the flesh. Yes. Yes, sir. Right. We've all had our conversations in times past. Glory. And God is still purging us from the effects of those substitutes. Amen. They have lingering effects many times. The Bible calls it the superfluity of naughtiness. Amen. Glory. Why saints? Because that's how the devil want he he got things that he try to control us by. Good. It's just like it's like drugs. You know, many people feel like, you know, that they hear about drugs and this and that and the other and and and and it's it's crazy to me. It's crazy to me how you got people that hear about drugs and even see the the the the raw effects of the downside of it. You understand what I'm saying? But still will have a curiosity suggested by an evil spirit that they don't realize is suggesting that they're still experienced that. But once they get that first pull, many times they can't come off unless God help them saints. I I pulled up to a beauty supply store in my in my in my neighborhood and I was getting out to go in and get some. I don't even know what I was going to get, but this I I pulled up and as soon as I pulled up, there was a guy standing in front of the store and he came and walked up to my car. He says, "Hey man, you got some you got some change I can get?" I and I don't know about a lot of you guys, but I almost never have money on me. It's just it's just the nature of society now. Everything is swipe tap. And you know, I pay I I I used to stay out for a long for many years. I wouldn't pay no bills online. But when co hit, it changed all of that. It converted me. Now I don't do nothing else but took all my fears away, you know. But this guy, he said, "Man, hey, can I get a little money from you?" And since when I looked up at him, he was a man that went to school with me. And when he looked and saw my eyes and he realized it was me, I could see it in his eyes, he didn't want me to see him like that. How How did he get to that place? There was something that he was thirsting for, right? And the enemy brought a substitute that out of curiosity he pulled from and that demon got a hold of him. He thought he was just pulling from a substance and this little bit of powder, this little bit of grass looking stuff. I can control that. But you didn't know that it was a demon that was attached to it. So when you took it in, you took that demon in. And now that you've allowed that demon to have take up residence. Amen. Now against your own will. Amen. You can't even stop. Unless the Lord help you. Amen. Unless you come to that one that opens up his hand and satisfies every living thing. Hallelujah. Amen. That woman, I don't know how she got into that situation as being a ill-famed woman, but she had an appointment at a well one day and she came and walked up to that well like she normally did. But Jesus had a need to go by that same place because he saw her and he knew he had to come and meet with her. Amen. Because listen, she wasn't ordained to stay that way. Hallelujah. G. Even though she was as black and dark and whatever in her spirit and in her soul as she was, she was still God's daughter. Hallelujah. And he said, listen, his whole purpose for going by there was for her. And he made sure his disciples wasn't around. Amen. Cuz they would have brought in an element, saints, that would have disturbed the atmosphere. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Because when they came up, the Bible says, you know, he they saw him talking to her and no man would know what seekest thou cuz they had that mentality. They didn't have his mind. They had that unconverted mind still. They would have messed God's program up. So, he made sure they was away long enough for him to inject her. Listen, saints. He says, "Now give me a drink." Huh? She said, "You being a Jew, you know you ain't supposed to be talking to me." He said, "If you knew the gift of God." Amen. And who was talking to you? You would ask me for a drink. Amen. And you've been living this lifestyle that in your heart I know you don't want to live cuz you my daughter and there's a seed in there. Can we say praise the Lord? Amen. He sees her in her. Listen now. Even though she was in the lifestyle, she was dissatisfied. She was not satisfied living like that. Even though it looked like she was getting much pleasure, but her soul was crying out. Hallelujah. She says, "Sir, the well is deep." Cuz in her mind, she just not right. She's in the car. She said, "How you going to give me water?" He said, "It's not a water that I'll give you when you drink of this water, it'll so satisfy you until you are never." How many know what the word never mean? Huh? You will never thirst again. Glory. She said, "Hold on now. This a different kind of water you talking." She ain't really she ain't she ain't she ain't spiritually in tune like that, but she know a good product now. You telling me I can drink water and I ain't going to never thirst again. She said, "Sir, get give me this water you talking about." She ain't want to pass up the opportunity. the opportunity. This sounds good to me. Give me this water that I ain't gonna never thirst again. And what did he do, saints? He said, "Go and get your husband." Yes. You know what that was? That was the manifestation of the fountain of living waters. Hallelujah. Amen. Any true seed of God, they're satisfied when they come in contact with the word made flesh. Amen. Hallelujah. Uhhuh. Can we say praise the Lord? Look, he says, "Go and get your husband." She says, "Sir, I have none." He said, "You told the truth, but you have had five, and the one you with now is not yours." Sir, I perceive you a prophet. Now, we know when Messiah come, he said, "I'm he that speech." She became so full of that water. She dropped the water pot. She didn't care about the natural water no more cuz she became full of that spiritual water. Amen. Listen. And she began immediately to feel the satisfying quench. Glory to God. Amen. Moving through her being changed. Amen. And to the point she had to go run into the city and say, "Come see a man that's told me all the things I've ever done. Is not this the Christ?" Hallelujah. Amen. She never thirsted again, saints. How? Why? Because she allowed the satisfier to give her that drink. Praise God. By manifesting her his being in a way that he knew she would recognize cuz she was designed to recognize him in that way. Can you recognize him in your day? Hallelujah. Glory. That goes deep. That goes into the abyss. I'mma come back here. But right now, I'm coming back here. Praise the Lord. Praise God. Let me finish. He says they're trying to get away from life. People go about trying. Listen, you got Listen, people think that money solves so much. Oh, if I just had enough money, man, I'll do this and that and the other. What was the guy's name? His name was Robin Williams. Seemingly successful career, world notoriety. And what happened to his life? That demon whispered. How was that demon even able to get in? Because there was dissatisfaction there in the midst of the riches. There is no way for a person to be satisfied outside of God. No matter no matter what what kind of image, show, pretending or whatever they put on. No, you miserable. You need another fix of the substitute of life that you filling yourself with in order for you to feel something a little different. That's why people like to get high. It has put their mind in a different place because they're trying to get away from life when they start thinking about things. Amen. Cuz when you in this world, this is a dog eat dog world. It ain't fun out there. You got to watch your back. You got to you dealing with all kind of shady and and and just all kind of mess out there. You can't trust no ain't no tr no real trust out there. Amen. Brother, how many people done went into business deals with people and whatever and and even business partners or whatever done tried to, you know, swindle them out of they half and all kind of stuff. I just seen people, you know, win lotteryies and then all of a sudden because the Bible says a man got money, he got friends, huh? The the the prodical son show you that. Huh? When he had that first part of his inheritance, he out there, man. Everybody want to know a prodal. I don't know what his real name was. A prodical. Hey, where you going to be at tonight? Hey, come and have breakfast with us, man. Why? He got the money, right? But when that money ran out, the only friend he had was pigs, and they wasn't even his friend. Huh? Can we say praise the Lord, saints? There. And that's just how that's how the world is. It's it's it's it's a cold heartless. Why? Because the devil is the god of it. Amen. Huh? And everything that operates under that society is under his hand, his leadership, his influence. My good. Some of them will climb up to the bridge and write a little note and stick it on their coat and lay it down and plunge themselves to death in the river, jumping off of mountains, high towers. And some will take a pistol and put it up to their head and actually blow their brains out. And we understand that our prophet went through that once he lost the dearest things to his life. He didn't see no reason to live no more. Even being fully knowledgeable of God. And that strikes a chord right there. Because many people, they long too much for acceptance. Amen. That's right. You want to know why they want acceptance? Because they're dissatisfied. It's a demon whispering in their ear, highlighting things in a certain fashion to paint a certain picture in their minds. Amen. To make them feel like they odd and nobody like you and whatever. And they begin, he begin that demon to pour out people that seem to be popular and whatever. Oh, if you can be a part of this crowd or associated with this group or whatever, that's why people go to these big mega churches and whatever. They want to be associated with what the world looks upon as success. Amen. And for the and for the sake of being accepted, look at what people go through. Young boys and young girls when it comes to the opposite sex and things of that nature, they want to be not noticed by somebody and they go through all kind of changes for what? That's right. That per and then when you get what you think you want, you begin to realize, man, this ain't what I thought it was. That's right. Cuz now you begin to see the character and all the baggage that come along with what you thought you wanted. That's right, brother. Men and women alike. Amen. Many of them many of them listen. Many of them walk their way into death by going in by going with the wrong person. Yes, sir. That's right. They didn't wait on they they didn't look to the one that can give them somebody that'll really satisfy. Amen. And when you get a God-given partner, you talking about satisfaction, huh? Yes. Glory to God. Yeah. And then you you got to be in tune with God to be led by God to be able to come in contact with that. Hallelujah. You understand what I'm saying? Cuz it might not it might not it might not check off all of your prerequisites. Amen. But it checks off what God knows you need. And when you get it and you allow it to operate, you will see Yes. Oh my god, you feel like float. All loveydovey. It's the truth. Yes, sir. What comes from God is the only thing that satisfies. Let me try to finish this. things. It says, "And some will take a pistol and put it up to their head and actually blow their brains out. They're just dissatisfied." He says, "The hospitals are full of dissatisfied people. The insane institutions are overrun, dissatisfied." He says they they don't know what to do or what they want to do. It says or they don't know what they do want. He says there seem to be something that they're reaching after, but they just never come to it. That woman, she came to it. The woman at the well and it satisfied. Yes. My have to draw this down to a close. I'm enjoying myself now. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, I'm just going to I'm going kind of help you to to follow me a little close a little more closely. The word satisfaction itself, just by definition, it means fulfillment of one's wishes, expectations, needs, or the pleasure that comes from the fulfillment of it. Amen. The Bible talks about the effects of when a person desires come and when a person's desire is bypassed, it affects the heart. And we say, "Praise the Lord." And what you've been desiring don't come, it make your heart stoop. You don't see it, but it right. But when you see your desire come, now I'mma say it in this way. When your desire is in line with God's will, because that's the only thing that brings satisfaction. Now, seemingly your own desire might bring satisfaction if you get what you think you want, but then you will come out you you you'll come to realize real quick, not long after, you'll still be dissatisfied. That's right. Huh? Praise God. All right. So, dissatisfied means not satisfied or pleased. It says discontented. So, I want to say this by the grace of God. We read it in Psalms 145. God is the only one that can satisfy. Yes. And he's here now in the form of the Holy Ghost. the Holy Ghost. To have it is satisfaction. To not have it is dissatisfaction continuously. Yes. In every area of your life, nothing will be right. Nothing will seem right. I'm going to draw it down to a close on these points. Philippians chapter 4 verse 11. This is a man with the Holy Ghost, right? He says in Philippians 4 11 starting not that I speak in respect of want for I have learned in whatsoever state I am therewith to be content. Amen. Amen. The Bible says godliness with contentment is great gain. Huh? Dissatisfaction is to be discontented. But the Holy Ghost brings contentment. Amen. He says, "I know in verse 12, I know both how to be abased and I know how to abound everywhere and in all things I am instructed both to be full." And he says, "What?" He said, "I am instructed." Where is that instruction coming from? Huh? Where is that power? You know, it's an actual power that helps you to be content. Amen. Cuz there's things that you want. There's things that you want to do. Amen. But there is a power that'll come and grab a hold of you and bring everything down. Temper everything right down. Settle it down. Sit down. Settle down. Be patient. Pray. Wait for me. I got a plan. I got a purpose. I got I got a provision that's specifically for you. Paul said, "I've been instructed I've experienced lack and I've experienced fit for uh you know abundance. Well, it don't matter which God w which which condition God allows me to experience. I've learned he's taught me to be satisfied. Amen. Man, so high blood pressure. Many times it comes from stresses. Stresses of life. Things that you're overly concerned about. Amen. Things you I'mma say it like this. Things you haven't given over to God properly. You see it as too big for you. is too much for you. And then the devil, the devil want to get your mind and lock it into that cycle of thinking about all those things that's just too much. That's gone too far. You know, he want to lock you in right there. Cuz with those cycle of thoughts, now all of a sudden you start experiencing physical ailments. Yes. All because of the mind. And when Satan can get in that mind, but how many realize God will bring your blood pressure down without a pill with side effects? Amen. Hallelujah. You want to know how God bl we ain't got high blood pressure. We ain't claiming that for nobody. You want to know how God do that? How he achieves that? Amen. He gives us something to do. Now we got to take the prescription. Amen. He says, "They that keep their mind stayed on me." I'll keep it in what? What kind of peace? That come that that's a godly heavenly peace. That ain't a man. That ain't an earthly peace. Amen. Cuz people on the earth, humans, they say they got peace and you ain't got me. You know what? Many times they do that because they taking substitutes and they've been deceived into thinking, you know, people they talking about, you know, they I got a they got bills to pay. They got all kind of human problems, relationship problems and all that stuff, you know. And the devil say, "Now just go get you a cigarette." Them two fingers, you know how much money the tobacco the the tobacco industry make every year, every month, every day? When I was little, I remember cuz my grandma used to smoke cigarettes. It was like below a dollar. I think now it's like four, five, $6 or 10. 10. He said 10. Come on, somebody. That's enough to deliver you right there. Should be. Hey remember, when something got a hold of you, you be paying, you know how much money that is and how many packs people smoke? All for what? Trying to escape the realities of life. Amen. Uhhuh. Substitutes that don't satisfy. That's why you got to pull out another $10 to get another pack to start smoking another string because it ain't hitting it. That's right. Right. Amen. Glory to God. But this hit it right here. This will make you stop. It'll make you have no more cravings. Amen. It'll satisfy you to where you will never desire to to taste tar again. That's right. Hallelujah. Glory. He says in verse 13, I can do all things through Christ. That's why he says he can he learned how to be a base and how to abound and to be content no matter what state he's in. It was because of Christ the satisfier who is God. All right. Few more scriptures and I'm done. So then it talks about you know he opens up his hand and he satisfies every living thing. Right. Amen. And also in the book of Habach 3:4 show you what's in his hand. See, it says, "And in his in his and in his brightness was and his brightness was as the light." It says, "And and he had horns coming out of his hand, and there was the hiding of his power." So, that goes deep, too. I ain't I ain't I ain't go no further with that thought. I'm just showing you the scripture, right? God has power in his hand. Obviously, he has a substance that's greater than any substance that's amongst mankind. Now, he's the greatest substance, man. Psalm 6565 and verse4 it says, "Blessed is the man whom thou choosest and causes to approach unto thee." It says, "That he may dwell in thy courts." It says, "We shall be satisfied with the goodness of thy house." Again, things that come from the Lord, coming to his house, entering into his courts, but he causes that to happen. Hallelujah. Amen. No man can come to me except my father draw him first. Isn't that right? Amen. But there is a satisfaction that come along with entering into his courts and abiding in his house. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes. Last verse of scripture, Proverbs 14 and 14. It says, "The backslider in heart shall be filled with his what?" The Bible talks about individuals whose God is their belly. And that's talking about their own desires. And because they put their own desires before God, it becomes their God. And in actuality, that means that Satan is their God because he brings selfishness. He brings self-centeredness, right? He brings about a person putting it putting things before the Lord whose God is their belly. The Bible says whose glory is within their shame. So the thing that's shameful which is the result of what they're indulging in that's their glory. Yes. You see that's that's what they live for. You understand what I'm saying? It says the backslider in heart shall be filled with his own ways. It says, "And a good man," notice how it words this, "shall be satisfied from himself," meaning God will keep him from indulging in the fleshly lusts of this life, the places he could go, the things he could do. When God comes into a man's life, he satisfies him from himself. This part here touched me saying, "Man, I'm I'm I'mma stop with two two quotes. The first one is message called thirst 1965 September the 19th paragraph 141 he says and why would we want to take a substitute when there is a genuine baptism of the Holy Ghost that satisfies every fiber and longing in the human soul. Amen. That's scriptural. We just read it. Amen. Last thing I'll leave you with and this is it. This really touched me. As I said, people look for acceptance. They long that they they long to be liked. People become too wrapped up into being liked, right? to the point to that bring it brings them to the to compromise, you know, they'll begin to look out at groups or individuals or whatever that they, you know, I I want to have that person in my I want to be associated with that person or whatever, man or woman for whatever the reason is, right? And they're willing to compromise and knuck down to things that they shouldn't just to have another sinborn person that ain't got nothing that once you get it, you going to be you going to be thoroughly dissatisfied just to have another fleshborn, sinborn person acknowledge you. Social media is full of it. People get depressed, start going in all kind of what you call it uh self-esteem problems. Why? because they make posts, put out pictures, and nobody hit that little blue like button or that little red heart button or that other little hug button with a heart in it. Don't let no likes or nothing come. Oh man, why start going through all kind for what? Who are they? Right? You you you here to prepare for your afterlife. You ain't here to to to be to to become all kind of friends to all kind of people. Now God will give you friends. You won't real watch this. Um this message called thirst. I already told you that. He says, "When I was a little boy, I remember I was raised in a real poor family and I remember many of times I would go out with with fellows and I couldn't dress to go out to a decent place." But I Oh my, you know, God subject us to certain things. Sometimes he had to deal with this because it was building something in him. It was establishing something in him that was going to be needful for his future. Amen. Man, I couldn't dress like like like to go out to a decent place. I don't know that there is something about people that I liked. I like to get with them, but I was more or less he says what what he says what is called the black sheep. And when I get when I when I got saved, listen. And when I got saved and I found that something in me that I thirsted for, he said, "A friend, somebody that would be a buddy to me, somebody I could trust, somebody you can set down to and talk your troubles over with." God. Many times God let so many things be disrupted when it comes to our dealings with other people because he wants to be he want to show that I'm the one that's supposed to satisfy that. You looking to this person and that person you you you done judged them in your own sight. Oh, you know it'd be it'd be good to be a friend with that person, that sister, that brother, whatever. What? And then things ain't working out right. And now all of a sudden the devil battling you in your mind about you making you feel like something wrong with you. When the whole time God is trying to help you to see I'm your buddy. I can you you can you can get so close to me till you can sit down and have a conversation with me and hear me speak back on a more regular basis. Right. But you listen to that devil talking to your spirit and in your mind and have you going all over the place, experiencing all sorts of heartache and trouble and pain. Yes, sir. Why? Cuz you looking for a friend, somebody I could trust, somebody you can sit down to talk to sit down to and talk talk your troubles over with. He says, "And when I found that real true satisfaction. When I found Jesus Christ, that real true satisfier that takes away all, quenches all that thirst and gives you something that that just looks like that there is just nothing to take his place. Can we say praise the Lord? Satisfaction. We all want it. We all need it. But it only comes from one place. And the more we give ourselves to him, the more satisfaction each one of us will experience. I know that there is a there's dissatisfaction in this room tonight. Amen. Amen. Glory. And now you ain't got no excuse. Amen. He done told you, "I'm your satisfier." Amen. Give yourself to me. Hallelujah. And I'll quench every thirst. Things you ain't know you was thirsting for, it'll be filled. You'll be content. It'll make you whole. you will actually be able to be happy even though everything around you dictates that you're supposed to not be happy. The devil a fight but as long as you ain't as long as you stay locked in focus and even even that is not of yourself. You can't stay focused on your own. Can we say praise the Lord? Cuz we within ourselves we let go. We get tired. We get weary. Listen, we within oursel we make wrong decisions. Amen. Huh? Yes, sir. Cuz that that that that that spirit speaking, making you feel like this, that, or the other bring a certain satisfaction, but all it do is bring corruption. And the more you drink into it, the more corrupted you become until spiritually speaking, it'll take you out. sucks. That was the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm sorry. That was just God. Cuz ain't no way in the [Applause] world. He loves us. Amen. He takes time to come by our way and give me in due season. Amen. Let us stand together. Let us just bow our heads and our hearts. Everybody bow. I don't have to ask for hands to be raised because I already know. I know what I need. I need more of this satisfier. I have dissatisfying places in my life. Amen. Amen. Praise God. He's a true friend. Yes, Jesus. You will never receive a friend that's a greater friend. That's right. That's right. And he wants us to acknowledge him as our friend. He wants to fill that space. Now that's a friend with true benefits. Not trying to gain advantages in the world by linking up with people that are detrimental to your spiritual health, but being connected to the true lifegiver. Yes, Lord. Heavenly Father, you know every heart in here. Amen. God, you spoke tonight not because I'm here. It's never because of me. It's because it's what you purpose to do, Lord. You take time, Father. You got things that you want to say. Glory. Amen. And you you just so happen to do it through human instrumentality. You know me, Lord. You know that I realize I'm nothing. I can't do nothing. I don't have nothing. Lord, you are my everything. Yes, Lord. And Lord, we all are very sorry for how we've treated you. We've not given you what you've deserved, Lord. Father, you've been patient. You've been very long-suffering, Father. God, you've you've done much more than what we ever deserve. We We don't even deserve nothing. You you you you've protected us, Lord God, in our bad decisions, Father. Lord, you've protected us, Lord. Hallelujah. The devil was trying to take us out, Father God, but Lord, you you were there. Amen. Even when we were turning our backs on you, Lord. Amen. You you you didn't turn your back on us, but you stayed there with Glory to God. That's a love that we're not used to, Lord. Amen. That's a divine love, Lord, that'll be mistreated, Father God, but still stay there. Amen. To be a benefit and a help to the one that's being loved. God, it's only because of you, Lord. And how grateful we are, Father, that we found favor in your sight. We didn't deserve it, Lord, but we found favor in your sight, Father, because of your grace, your unmmerited favor to each one of us, Lord. So God, we ask that you would please forgive us of our neglect. Forgive us, Lord God, of of our willful disobedience too many times. God, as your prophet said, Lord, we can prostitute our time away. Time that belongs to you, Lord, and we're giving it to so many substitutes. That leaves us in the end feeling void. It doesn't satisfy. But it's evil spirits that that come in, Lord, and and have us to go back to these things, Lord. Amen. And it's very clear. And you you you you you've caused it to become very clear, Lord, that these things have not been able to do for us what our hearts are longing for. It takes us away from it, Father. It makes the condition worse. But Lord, because of what you have planned for us, because of what you had planned for that woman at the well, regardless of how many partners she's had, she came to a place to where she met her last partner as far as in the way of her present lifestyle. Once she came in contact with you, Lord, that was the end of her lifestyle. In that way, she became a new person, Lord. And by your grace, Father God, you've come by each one of our ways, Lord. And Lord, you you have become our satisfier. So, Lord, may we give ourselves to you more because we're not satisfied even when even in where we're at now. May we give ourselves to you more, Lord, that you might come and fill our lives. Even as your prophet said, you want to fill every fiber and every longing of the human soul. Let it be so in our lives, Lord. That's what we're here for. You're preparing us for our future home. Amen. Now, that's a place of satisfaction. Amen. We're homesick, heavenly father. This is not our home, Lord. We all have come to recognize that, Father. And you're stirring up your nest. Amen. Lord, you're fluttering over your young, Father. You're making us uncomfortable in this life, in these situations, Lord, because we were never made to be comfortable here. Amen. You're stirring our taste for our new home. You're stirring our souls for a new place. Abraham's soul was stirred. And he looked for a city, Lord, whose builder and maker was God. And supernaturally, Lord, you had him standing over the very spot. Amen. That that mountain is going to protrude up from, Lord. Amen. Man, you're so good. Lord, forgive us, heavenly father. Help us, Lord God, to humble ourselves to you, Lord, and to begin to give you more of what you're looking for and what you're calling for that'll please you, Lord. Because you're only here to help us, Father. We're not doing you any favors. You're here to do us favors, Lord. You're here to benefit us. Who are we to neglect such greater a salvation? Bless every heart, every need, every soul, every spirit, every mind by your grace. We commit it all to you, Lord, because you are the great creator. Hallelujah. In the mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, we ask all these things and we pray. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise.
