################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - (5-11-25) Sunday Morning Service - Simon Smith - Simon Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-11
Title:   (5-11-25) Sunday Morning Service - Simon Smith
Speaker: Simon Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FovNxkmojbs
========================================

And uh man, I can't do that like I used to. I had to get my ladder out and I had to climb down and climb in this time. And I'm like, wow. Um I'm not a young man anymore. Um but we're very close to becoming young again. Uh so and um keep brother Jose in prayer. He has to listen to the sermon again here. He caught me out there. He just started pulling things out. I was going to minister. I'm like, so he's already heard probably half of this. So, I had something ready to go uh kind of and then my computer shut down. That's only happened once before. So, I'm going all inspiration today. So, I'm not captain inspiration. This is not my forte. Uh you know, but uh brother Bam said he said we're not we're not here to teach the gospel. We're to preach the gospel. So maybe the Lord wants me to start going off of teaching and going this and this, but maybe into more inspiration and preaching by God's grace. So I feel completely helpless up here. I have nothing really to lean on except the little notebook brother Malachi gave me. I have some things scribbled down and that's that's about it. So uh we'll be interested to see what the Lord has to speak here. I know something inside me is burning. Uh we share with brother Jose um before service. probably say a lot of the same things, but this is just something that's really weighing on my heart. And um I'd like to say this that when Jesus came the first time, the Bible says that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Right? We know those things. In other words, God never changes. So if God can't change, what can he do? He can only give more revelation or magnify his word. He in other words, wow, we have we have this. This is fantastic. This is the word. And you take a magnifying glass. I think I actually got you guys some old old uh magnifying uh things from a dumpster one time. Did I give those long long time ago? I was in a dumpster at a a college and they were throwing away science little uh what do they call those little microscopes and I jumped in the dumpster, grabbed those things. I think I gave it so what you could when so when they looked at like a little bug, they could go out there and they could magnify it and see it close. So they'd be able to see the deeper the finer details of the insect. So if God can't add or take away or if he can't uh change his word or anything but what one one thing he can do is he can actually magnify it. Well brother Sai alls we need is what brother Brham said. Yeah but Jesus said he would magnify. So we can go in the message and look but if you have that Holy Spirit he will start to magnify things and you'll start to understand the det. You're not going to see surface anymore. you're going to see the finer details. Anyhow, we trust this will be a blessing. Uh, Abra Mal, I'm not going to sing. Thank you for leading songs and uh uh playing the piano. Um, so where we start here? Let's um bring greetings from Pastor Cam. Uh I I was actually planning on having a nice day off today and I have to minister and go certain places here and those things. I was kind of tired. I wasn't feeling the best. Um but um by God's grace, we're here. We're in service. Um brother Jess uh text me and said, "Brother, can you?" I said, "I can't." So we were we were always willing to come at a moment moment's notice to be a blessing. And however the service goes, I don't want you to lean on what I'm saying, but I just want the Holy Spirit to speak. That is the key to everything, right? What the what what the Holy Spirit impresses upon your heart, what he brings to your mind, what he brings to your remembrance, what he uh would show you, then that's uh then that's for you. Okay? I I I am at a certain spot. I think brother Jose has been the message longer than I have, but each one of us have we've been uh we're at a certain we're all individual levels, okay? We're at uh different heights in uh in life. Everyone's more mature or less mature or certain this or certain that. We're all growing in the grace of God, right? But the main important thing is that we're growing, right? We're maturing. Hey, maybe maybe physically you've stopped growing maybe early or however, but as long as I keep maturing, right? That is what God's looking for is mature. He's not coming for a a wife that's just a babe or young girl, but he's looking for what? for a mature woman. Right? So, anyhow, let's say let's stand for the reading of the word here. I've got some highlights here that uh uh I had on my laptop there. I got a I did bring this the tree of knowledge of evil up here just for the good part. Um we know how dangerous that is. Uh but I do want to be able to read a couple quotes. It'll be a blessing to you and uh we trust this will be a blessing. So, um, now remember I'm fresh off of a wedding. Uh, last night seeing my nephew there get married and a lot of hard things. Saints of God, knowing what we know is very difficult. This is not easy. This is not. You can go to something that's supposed to be rejoicing and happy and joyful. Uh but the things that God has revealed to us is a struggle. Sometimes it's a struggle. It's a battle to um knowing what we know, right? Matthew 5 verse one. Matthew 5 vers1. I wish I had a PowerPoint because I'd love to show this to you. Oh, we we got some we at least we got the scriptures up here by God's grace. We'll try. I think sister and uh verse one. And seeing the multitudes, he went up into a mountain. And when he was set, his disciples came unto him. Notice Jesus departed from the multitudes. He left the masses. he left the great crowds of people. Um he was ready to enter into his ministry and he sees all this vast people and he said this isn't for everybody. This isn't in this isn't for uh just the regular uh a nominal Christian. Uh and then notice what he says. And when he was set his disciples came unto him. So notice he the as he sat there he climbed up high to a mountain. His disciples followed him in that mountain. They had to climb up with him. They had to walk up with him to higher heights. Right? And he opened his mouth and he taught them saying, "So if you have heard this word, come up into the mountain with us this morning, right? Because he's going to show us things right here." and he opened his mouth and taught them saying, "Blessed is the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven." Let's say a word of prayer. Let's bow our heads. Lord, we Lord Jesus, Lord, we approach your throne of grace and mercy. And Lord Jesus, Lord, I just, you know, I just heard someone say to me the other day, hindsight is 2020. And Lord Jesus, Lord, we are so grateful Lord for Lord Jesus just obeying your spirit. Uh just being yielded to thy Holy Ghost. And Lord, we know Lord, I can take comfort, Lord. Though I may not have a laptop and my notes, Lord, I can take comfort, Lord, that the footsteps of the righteous are ordered. And Lord Jesus, Lord, it's not by chance, Lord. We know everything's forained, Lord. Everything is predestinated, Lord. And Lord Jesus, we love you for that, God. We can take full comfort, Lord, because we have that revelation. We have that understanding, God, Lord, deep within us, planted in us, Lord God. Lord, knowing, Lord, that nothing can take place unless you allow it, Lord. And Lord Jesus, we are grateful. We're thankful. And Lord Jesus, Lord, give us strength, God. Lord, this morning, Lord, bless every soul that pushed the way out, Lord. Those that couldn't, Lord, be with Pastor Jesse, Lord, Sister Christian, Lord, bring forth a healthy baby girl, God. maybe even taking place right now, Lord, on Mother's Day. And Lord Jesus, Lord, we want your grace to shine upon everyone, Lord, to all those, Lord. Your mercies to be upon every soul, Lord God. We love you, Lord. We thank you, God. Lord Jesus, Lord, just bless the hearers, Lord, of this morning, Lord. I place my hands fully into you, Lord. I have nothing to lean on but you, Lord, right now. And Lord God, we ask God that they would uh not try and look at a vessel, not look at a hear my voice, Lord, but Lord, to hear what the spirit would say. And Lord Jesus, Lord, we know everything Lord comes by revelation. Lord, just bless the people, Lord. Strengthen them, Lord, this morning. Lord, if there's anything on their hearts, Lord, prayer requests, Lord, desires, Lord, thoughts, Lord, we ask, God, Lord, that you would be with them, Lord. We certainly love and appreciate, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may have your seats, sir. Excuse me. Well, fresh off of a, like I said, a wedding last night. And as we're sitting at this wedding, we went through the rehearsal. We watched the the nuptuals go forth, the IDs, the uh amens, the the la the first kiss, uh the the putting on of the tokens, the pouring of the ritual of the sand there, however they want to do it, however. And then of course then um we went to the the u not the rehearsal but the reception there and then uh you know you're blessed people. you're really blessed people because let me say like this and I'm not trying to point drop anything or say anything negative or anything but you know a difference between a real holy marriage and a denominational one. I'll say it like this. We saw brother Austin, sister Lena get married over there. That was a powerful that was a real reverent holy marriage. And uh we witnessed a really good thing there. Um then to see then on the other flip side we see worldly music, we see dancing, we see cutting up, we see those sort of things which is you know not to their fault. They don't have a revelation yet by God's grace. We're saying yet by God's grace um we love all the individuals. We love everyone. Um but we want we want to see a further work. So um in this sermon I don't know if I have a title here. I would say maybe um coming maybe we could title this uh coming to the revelation of the word by God's grace. Maybe we'll title like that. Uh I'm just kind of going to glean a little bit. U I think brother Malachi and sister Aacia there saw the listen to the how the pastor brought forth the word yesterday in the midst of the ceremony and this and that. Of course, they have a couple things wrong uh on that. Um, but one thing I really liked, you know, you can glean a lot off of any ministry of of any sermon, whether it be denominational or not, but saints of God, one thing I like what he said is uh because they ended uh uh they ended with Matthew 7. Okay? Uh but look in here, this is actually the start of it. I never really caught that till he said that. I was like, "Oh, that's powerful." Now, did they have revelation? No, they have revelation. But as he said, he was bringing this forth because this started here on a mountain. These are called the biatitudes. This is where God, he says he he did not want to reveal these things. In other words, these are hidden revelations to only what? His real disciples. Right? So in this notice we he went up to a mountain and he opened his mouth. When God opens his mouth, we better listen. When God's bringing forth his word, we better listen, right? because he brings nothing forth in vain. There's nothing that he speaks that not should not have been spoken. And everything we know, in fact, if you study the scriptures, if you understand original sin, everything to deal with the original sin takes place in Genesis 1. He sets the stage on the first sorry on the fifth day and the sixth day. On the fifth day and the sixth day, everything that is taking place right now started because of what he did on the fifth day and the sixth day. Saints of God, that's how powerful the word of God is, right, saints of God. So what what God brought forth on the fifth day is powerful. But what he withheld on the sixth day, that first part of the sixth day, when he in fact, let me just rehearse this real quick for you. On the fifth day, God on the fifth day, God brought forth the fowls of the air. He brought the fishes of the sea, all those creatures. We see the eagle, the mighty eagle which is a representation what of the bride in this last day of a of Christ himself. He said he was what were under the wings of Jehovah that mighty eagle, right? And of course we know uh even God bringing forth the whale for Jonah and a prepared fish. The Bible said those fish and you know God told them what he spoke on the fifth day. The Bible said he blessed them. Amen. So there's a blessing upon the fish. There's a blessing upon the birds. There's a blessing upon those things. Amen. So, but notice on the sixth day when we move past the fifth day into the sixth day when God comes down here, he's still on earth in the very beginning of the sixth day and he's bringing forth now all the creatures. He brought forth the giraffe. He brought forth uh uh the lion, the mighty lion. He brought forth the tigers. Oh my goodness, we got battles coming. He brought forth what? The dogs. And I love the p cats that some of us know do or do not like. Uh he brought forth dogs. He brought forth all these creatures terrestrial life. Right? But if you look what God withheld, he brought no blessing upon them. Amen. Now notice, he blessed the birds. He blessed the fish. But when it came down to natural terrestrial life, he left out a blessing, saints of God. That set the stage for everything. Amen. Amen. Because if there's no blessing upon the animal life, that opened the that opened the door for what? A curse. Because God knew there's a serpent coming. He created the serpent and he's like, he's got his eye on that serpent. He said, "There's something coming for you. I had to withhold." He did not speak. He did not bring forth a blessing. But he saved that what? So he could bring forth a curse. Amen. But now notice he also set the stage again on the exact same day because as he got done down here, he ascended up into heaven. And the Bible said, "Let us make man in our image." Amen. So notice, he brought forth every one of us at that time, every son and daughter of God up there. He brought us forth in his image, male and female. But now notice, he withheld the first part on the earth a blessing. He withheld that blessing. He withheld everything. He just brought it forth. And the Bible said he saw that it was good. He didn't say it was good because it would had to remain good. So he just, the Bible says all he saw, he saw it was good. In other words, God's like, Mhm. But when he gets up there and brings forth his children, his sons and god do daughters, then he brings forth what? He says, "And God blessed them." Amen. Everything in those first two, day five and day six set the stage for everything. What he did right there was it. He opens doors. He closes doors. Those blessings right there that were upon us will keep us all the way through. Because Bible said what what God has blessed, he cannot curse. Amen. Absolutely. But now notice as Adam and Eve then fell, right? Notice God comes down. He looks at Adam. He says, "Why'd you do it, boy? Did God curse Adam?" He could not curse Adam because what? He was already blessed. Amen. He could not curse Eve because she was already blessed. But when it come down to the serpent, he said, "Thou art cursed because thou hast done this upon thy belly." Then we know two two sons come forth. What? Cain and Abel. And then now notice we see one rise against the other. And God now what it takes place. God comes down, speaks to Cain. And what does Cain what does he do to Cain? He curses him. How can Cain be a son of God if he if God can curse him? If he was already blessed, there'd be no cursing upon him. But what God had to curse him? What? from off the face of the earth. No inheritance. The inheritance is only for the sons and daughters of God. Amen. How many here are the sons and daughters of God? Amen. Why? Because you've heard the word. You've received it. Amen. Praise be to God. Now, we're going to get down to as brother uh uh uh Jose was talking about this this morning earlier. Now, notice in Matthew 5 when Jesus brings these things, he's starting this these are for his disciples alone. This revelation here, Matthew 5 through7 saints of God is literally only for the bride. Though the world of the Catholic Church, though, though the Methodists, the Lutherans, all them glean from this. They preach the biatitudes. They preach all these things. But saints of God, they're never going to catch the revelation of it. They can they cannot comprehend the exactly what God is trying to say right here. Amen. Because now notice it says, "Blessed are the poor in spirit." Saints of God. How many poor in spirit do we know of? How many people walk around say Lord God we need more of you Lord we in fact notice it says they are poor in spirit. Amen. Why? He says because theirs is the kingdom of heaven. It's not like Leo to see who is rich and increased with goods but they are poor of spirit. They know they need more of God. Amen. Saint of God. I know I need more of God. I want more of God. I want more of his anointing, more of the Holy Spirit to come and pour my life. Amen. But remember only remember the he can only pour into you what you can get out of yourself. The more you yield, the more you empty out before God at the altar, the more as you enter into what? The prayer closet, as you empty yourself out, saints of God, he can creep his way into the nooks and crannies of your spirit. Why? Because God has chosen them. He has chosen by sanctification of the spirit and belief of the truth. Amen. That's how you know. Matter of fact, I I heard a brother just preach uh he had a Bible study. He said the difference between those that are called and those that are chosen. What's the difference? What's the difference between someone who's called and someone who's chosen? There's a parable where Jesus or God says he says he says there's a wedding supper. He says he says and go and call all those to the wedding supper. How many have heard this message and tuck tail and run? How many have heard this message and just like, "No, I don't think so. I don't I don't see any importance in this word. I don't believe anything of it. I I can't see it." Why? But they were called. But what remember those that are made themselves ready. The bride and the spirit say, "Come, the wife hath made herself ready." Not only did she was she called, but she was chosen and elected to hear this. In other words, when this word, this light struck your heart, something inside you said, "This is it." that that relationship with uh your mom and dad or or whatever you had to leave saints of God literally became nothing. We went out to this word to meet Christ. And if Christ is the word, saints of God, where are we at? We are what? Joining with the word. Absolutely. Yes. Now, sorry. Notice it says also blessed are they that mourn for they shall be comforted. Notice here's not a people who's just saying I'm this. I'm that on the face of God. These people are what? Sighing and crying for the abominations in the city. They see I say like this. Those that mourn. He's the poorest spirit. I'm looking at this thing that took place last night. I'm like, "Oh Lord God, have mercy. Jesus. Lord God, do something. Raise something up. Do some s something signs, wonders, miracles. Do something that'll catch the attention if there be any seed in here." Those are things that goes my through my mind when I met those things. I mean, those things run the entire time. I'm just like, "Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. Blessed are they which hunger and thirst for after righteousness, for they shall be filled." Is there any hunger in us this morning for more of God. Is there something in you that's saying, "Lord, I need more for what I have right now is not enough." Amen. I need more. I need another refilling, a latter rain. something is going to move us and quicken us and something that's going to give us give us more strength. Thanks to God, this I I don't know about you, but every time I receive a refilling of the Holy Ghost, that's when I feel the strongest. That's when I feel the farthest away from the worldly things. That's when I feel like what I feel like a Christian. Because when you get that fresh refilling of the Holy Spirit, things of God, you can look at all you can look at your enemy. You can look at Hitler right in the face and have divine love for him. Amen. Why? Because it's no longer you. Now you are like filled up with the Holy Spirit. Amen. Yeah. Praise be to God. Now notice he says he says blessed are they that are merciful for they shall obtain mercy. These things are should be in our lives. These things should be expressing out of us. He says blessed are the peacemakers for they shall be called children of God. Blessed are they persecuted for the righteousness's sake for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Yeah. Now notice this is for this is for the bride. Now notice continue here. Uh let's jump here to um notice if you actually actually if you look at this he even deals with marriage and divorce in Matthew chapter 5. Whosoever putteth away his wife and giveth her rightth a writing of divorcement. But I say unto you that whosoever puteth away his wife, saving for the cause of fornication, causes her to commit adultery, and whoever shall marry her that is divorced committh adultery. Saints of God, this is for the bride because who else can receive this? I just saw someone a while back get remarried again and married this and married that. Saints of God, the bride will have this revelation. They'll understand why. Because God gave it to our prophet. He finally gave it. There's one verse. Well, a man could get married as many times as they want. Well, be careful because that's not what the prophet said. He went back to this scripture right here. There's only one time where he can get remarried. Now, for the wife, obviously, she can't at all. Now, notice, continue here. Now, look what he says here. I like what he says uh in verse uh verse 43 of Matthew 5. Ye have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thy enemy. But I say unto you, love your enemies, bless them that curse you, and do good to them that hate you, and pray for them despite for you uh despitefully use you and persecute you. Saints of God, only the bride can do that. Only those who have that anointing within him, because that's not your love. There's no way you could do that in the flesh. I mean really sincerely to where there's nothing negative even you saints of God we could say all this out of our mouth but what's in our hearts right what is really in our hearts is it pure when I say brother I I love you even the brother said this or brother said that or sister said this saints of God if you can literally say I love you and there'll be nothing here saints of God you have you're getting you have arrived he says now notice but notice what now notice the hint he gives here in verse 25 he says that they that ye may be the children of your father which is heaven for he maketh his son to rise on the evil and on the good and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust. He gives us a little hint. The Holy Ghost is going to do this. He said that same Holy Ghost is going to anoint the false and he's going to anoint the true. The same Holy Spirit he is he is prepping. Notice this is mid sermon here. He said, "Let me give you a little hint. You're going to see people who hate you and yet have the Holy Spirit on them, not in them." He says, "But it's going to fall on them." But notice, he said, "But there's also going to be those who want the Holy Spirit's going to be in as well." Amen. There's two sea lines, right? Now, in chapter six, now these are these are clues. These are this is bride stuff here. These are secrets of the bride. He says, he says, now notice he first he hits alms. Everybody pay their tithes. Everybody give offerings. Guess what? There's also alms. Alms to who? The poor. Now look what he says. Look what Jesus said. Now this is to the bride. Therefore, when thou dust these arms, do not sound a trumpet before thee as the hypocrites in the synagogues in the streets, that they may have glory of men. Verily I say unto you, they shall have their reward. But when thou dost doest alms, he says, let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth. In other words, if you give alms to the poor, no one in this church should know about it. Try to do it as quiet and as discreetly, as private as possible, if whoever God puts before you, then give. Right? He says, why? He says that thine alms may be in secret and thy father which seeth in secret himself shall reward thee openly. You're going to get an open blessing whether it be spiritual or natural because of these alms. Because remember, are we building our treasures here or up there? Saints of God, as I'm getting older and I'm seeing that everything that I've tried to do, everything trying to get this paid off, this it means nothing. The closer the more word you see. I like the closer you come to Christ, the more you revelation you catch, the more you see how the things of the world are absolutely we just had a sister stay with us a young sister and she was I treat her like my niece or my daughter and I kind of spoiled her a little bit. It was awesome. I was like finally someone I can God bless you. I miss you. I love you. And she's like brother Simon can we do Bible time? I was like absolutely. So we she says, "Where do you I said where do you want to listen? What do you want to read?" She goes, "I want to go to the Ecclesiastes because I don't understand it." She's a young girl, young sister. I said, "Okay." So every night we did Ecclesiastes. You know what Solomon said about everything. Solomon said he put his hand to everything. He planted vineyards. He built buildings. He did this. He says to God, "Everything he said in his heart he wanted to do, he did it." And you know as an end result he's as all as vexation of spirit and vanity trying to build a business trying trying to trying to do this trying to do that trying to say things of God it's all vanity vexation of spirit those sort of things the bible says no good soldier entangles themselves with the things of the world why because what our focus is what saving souls our focus is what saints of God it's every this end time what brother I'm saying the The mystery of God revealed. It's an individual affair. Brother, I wish I could do something. I wish you could get me in the rapture. I wish I could get you in the rapture. But says of God, it's all dependent on him and me. It's all dependent on me. Because on judgment day, I don't have this brother to stand with me and say, "Brother," I said, "Lord, he he he he did this. He did this for me. I can't. That's not going to happen. It's going to be individual. I don't have to stand before the Lord and say, "I have nothing, nothing but the blood I bring. I have nothing I can bring except the blood of Jesus Christ. Except what? The token of the Holy Ghost." Bible says, "What blessed is the man whom God will not impute iniquity." Amen. Amen. I got plenty of iniquities. God have mercy. Amen. But what blessed that where it says blessed, where'd that blessing come from? Genesis one. Where it says blessed are those blessed are these. That goes from Genesis 1. The biatitudes are for what? Those that want in Genesis 1 up there, the sons and daughters of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, of course, then he go he deals with prayer. Then he says, "When thou prayest," he says, "when thou," in fact everything when Jesus is speaking, he says, "But when thou give alms, when thou pray," he says, "when thou do this, when thou," He's speaking to his disciples on how you're to do these things. He says, "But when thou prayest, enter into thy closet. When thou shut thy door, pray to the father which in secret, and thy father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly." We sometimes we got to put we got we have to put God to the test. Try the Lord. See if he's not good and faithful in these things. If we just do what he says, saints of God, he's going to openly, and matter of fact, sometimes saints of God, I just say, "Lord, the natural things are good, but I'd love to have more revelation. I'd like to get rewarded spiritually if that be possible. I want spiritual revelation. I want spirit blessings. I want the things that God that's going to keep me through, the things they're going to take with me, things are going to strengthen me." Amen. And now notice also, but when thou fastest, anoint thine head and has washed thy face. How many fast here all the time? It's difficult. We got some of the best pizza the world's ever seen. You got some of the best fish that's ever been fried. You got some of the best chicken that's ever been fried. You eat you eat some of the best steaks you can actually literally melt in your mouth. Saints of God. Thanks to God's got it. This our what? Notice that's our last one of the last things he hit. What? That's the hardest thing to do is fast almost. My sure. He said, "But when thou fast," he says, "Unto thy father which is in secret and thy father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly." One time I uh something God say sometimes you can you can decide to fast and sometimes there's an anointing that hits you when you know you're supposed to fast, right? One time I I I said, "Lord, I need I felt led to fast three days. I fasted three days and I said, what was my prayer? I said, Lord, what's wrong? What's wrong? What's going on right here in our assembly? After that third day, I finished the fast and the very next day, boom, something came up and I go, there it is. I see it. I see it. But remember, he said he would open you, reward you openly. Fast and secret, he reward he'll open these things to you. I see the problem. I see a problem. Not the problem, but a problem. Amen. Now, let's continue on now. Now, notice jumping in Matthew 7. Ask and it shall be given you. Seek and ye shall find. Knock it shall be opened unto you. For everyone that askketh receiveth, and he that seeketh findeth, and to him that knockketh it shall be open. What do you have need of today? What do you have need of? Does this say anything? He says, "Well, if you if you only ask or if you only seek and this this." He says, "Maybe, maybe I'll give it to you. There is no maybe here. Anything you want within God's will for you, you can have." Well, I'm not happy with this or I need attention here, Lord. I need there's something in my heart weighing. Saints of God, have we asked? Have we sought him? And have we not? all the blessing. You know, brother said he said he said he said God would bankrupt heaven to give you what you want. All you have to do is ask for it. But remember how how did Christ say it? Everyone that askketh is continually asking. He says everyone that receive he says seeketh is continually seeking. Everyone that knockketh is continually knocking. He's what? He's right here. He wants to see how hungry how much you desire these things from him. Amen. Because when you're a desperate man, when you're a desperate son or daughter of God, saints of God, nothing's going to withhold this from you. Why? Because you're going to keep seeking the father and say, "Lord God, I have a need and I need I want you to do this, Lord God, if it be your will." Amen. And God is going to do it. He can. Amen. Thanks God. Every time the spirit of God comes down, something happens. The without the spirit of God, we can do nothing. Even Jesus said that without the father I can't do nothing. So who do we need on the scene? We need the Holy Spirit. We need to be walking in his light in his presence constantly. Amen. But now notice at the end of this at the end of this sermon blessed blessed blessed do this do that do all these sort of things. There's rain falling on the just and the unjust. Look what how Christ ends this. This is to the bride. His disciples were the only ones that saw this. Look what he says here in 7:21. Not everyone that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter the kingdom of heaven. What's the kingdom of heaven? Does anyone know the kingdom of heaven is? It is the Holy Ghost. When you enter into the Holy Ghost, you have then when you receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you have entered into the kingdom. So notice, not anyone just cry calls on the Lord. No one Lord, Lord, he says, he says, shall enter the kingdom of heaven, but he that doeth the will. You have to do these things. From chapter 5 to 7, you have to literally do these things. These are things we have to do. Many will come in that day to me in that day and say, "Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied thy name?" Notice they were able to get in the spirit enough, saints. They were able to yield to the Holy Ghost, saints of God, that the gifts that were in them were being made manifest. And yet they were not obedient. What they were, the Bible calls them what? Workers of iniquity. cause them workers. Notice just like Jesus said there in the in the chapter before he said that the Holy Ghost is going to come upon them. It'll fall on the rain. Rain will fall on the just and the unjust, upon the good and the evil. Here we see saints of God people who the same Holy Spirit is hitting just like the bride. The bride receives the end. They receive the anointing of it. And what it proves that God's with him or or that God is working the exact In other words, it proves that Jesus is alive. The Holy Ghost is still moving. He can move on an unclean vessel or a clean vessel. Amen. Then as we're at the wedding last night, this is the scripture that was read. Matthew 7:24. Therefore, whosoever heareth the sayings of mine and doeth them, see how powerful that is? For 2,000 years, men, women, mostly men, but a lot of women nowadays are studying this word. Theologians in theology schools and seminaries are studying this word to such extent they're breaking down the Greek. They're breaking down the Hebrew, trying to figure out the true meaning, trying to catch the true understanding of what of this word. But do they obey it? To hear him that heareth and doeth, I will liken him to a wise man. How many wise men are here? The bride has a wise and a foolish. Saints of God. And we believe by the grace of God. We've been called not to the foolish, but what? To the wise. Amen. What? Because what? We've heard. And we're going to do these things. And the rains descended and the floods came. Look at verse 26. Everyone that hear these sayings of mine and doeth them not. And the raised descendants, saints of God, here's two sets of people heard the word and receive the exact same storm. You know there's a storm coming. There is a big storm coming. I feel really bad for the people of the world, but especially the younger generation, the young ones. Saints of God, there's we're going to see something in our lives I've never even seen. Brother Jose maybe have never seen. We're going to see a collapse of this thing. We're going to see a religious movement, a worldwide religious movement that is coming, saints of God. And now notice that same member, but remember that as that anointing hits them, it's going to look, wow, wow, look at the signs, wonders, and miracles that are done in them. I like this. What if it hits them first? Because remember Jesus said, he says, "I will bind the tears first." So, what are you going to lean on? Wow, look at that anointing, man. They baptized Father and Ghost. They believe in the Trinity, but man, look at the healings that are going on over there. Look at the faith. Look at the revival. Or are we going to stay on Christ the solid rock? You're we have to make we're going to make choices here. But you have to have confidence in what God has revealed to you. The exact same storm. Notice but this storm that's coming is going to prove who's going to be shaken and who is not going to be shaken. The difference was what? Whose house was on the rock? Is that rock? Jesus. No, the rock is the revelation. The rock is the revelation because it does Jesus does not reveal what that rock reveals is is right here. But he reveals that in Matthew 16 what that rock is. Upon this rock I'll build my church. What did the prophet tell us? He says pray for revelation more than anything because if your foundation crumbles at this well when this thing comes saints we might not have enough food. We might not have electricity for AC. We might not have electricity or even before heat. When is this coming? What Jesus say? Don't pray that pray your flight doesn't come in winter. Bring me when it's hot. Sleep outside. Right. Amen. It's coming. The storm is coming. Saints of God, tonight when you get home, re-evaluate foundation. Is it on the word or is it on our own interpretation? Now I'm going to Jose's already kind of I want to I want you to turn with me here to Revelations 1. Now that's pretty good for that section right there. Revelations one. Revelations 1 through3. What's the testimony here? Revelations 1 verse one. the revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him to show unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass pass. And he sent and signified by his angel unto his servant John, who bear record of the word of God. Who bear record what? Of the word of God. Amen. Yes. He says, "And he says, uh uh and for the testimony of Jesus Christ and of all things that he saw." And now notice, blessed or blessed is he that readeth. In 2001, I got my first church age book. In 2001, I got my first little uh uh um spoken spoken word book. I started reading uh uh anointed ones in the end times. I started reading indictments. Started reading these things. And I've read these things. The saints of God, how many have read the Bible? Praise God. I read exactly what the prophet wrote. I wrote exactly what I read exactly what he preached. I read it. I received this word. Now notice he says, "He that readeth and he that hear and they that hear the words of this prophecy." So notice you receive a blessing if you hear or read. You receive that. I say this. Look at people's lives. Look at their lives. If you're I probably don't encourage this, but I know people who've received this message and I see God just bless them. blessing, blessing, blessing. And as soon as they start rejecting this message, I look at them spiritually and it's literally they fall right off a cliff. Right off a cliff. They can't even discern the word of God anymore. A brother called me. He said, "Brother Sai," he goes, "My my so and so uh this and this, they started getting to they go they go to a church now speaking in tongues as they evidence of the Holy Ghost." He said, "How do you defeat that?" And I'm going, "What do you mean how you do? You don't know how?" A minister asked me how to do that. They came in with me. How does he not know how to do that? Because the Bible said in Matthew 13, he says, God said, what Jesus said? He said, "He that seemth as he have," he says, "Well, I will take that which he seems he have." But they that have, he says, more will I give unto them. I'm just paraphrasing there. If you really have the revelation of God, he's going to give you more. But if it looks like you have the revelation, oh, I've read it. I've listened to it. If that looks like you have it, but you don't, Jesus said, "What? He'll take it from you." You better be grateful for everything you understand. For everything. What if I say, "Brother, brother, God bless you." You know, serpent seed's wrong. You're off on the word, brother. Serpent seed's completely wrong. You need to get baptized in Father Holy Ghost. What are you going to tell me? He said, "Nope." Why? This brother can say, "Brother Simon, let's do a Bible study." I'm like, "But I'm the teacher. Let's do a Bible study." He says, "Brother Sim, look over here. See this? Look over here. See that? What's he What's he bringing me to? He's bringing me to the Revelation. Amen. Now notice in Revelations 1:3, blessed is he that readeth and he that heareth the words of the pe prophecy. Notice these blessings come with that. And then notice, and keep those things that are written therein, for the time is at hand, the keeping. So what would you rather be? What's going to last? someone that hears, someone that reads, or someone that keeps. Let's look at the because this is the beginning. There's a blessing when you start out with this revelation. There is a blessing that comes upon you, saints of God. You better recognize who you are. Amen. Turn to Revelations 22. We'll see the end result. Who who makes it through? Well, I've heard the revelation this day. I've I heard the prophet. I've heard this message. saints of God. But there's one people that are going to going to finish this thing. Who is it? Revelations 22 verse 6. Notice the angels still talking with John. And he said unto me, this angel, the prophet, these things are faithful and true. The Lord God and the holy prophet sent his angel to show unto his servants the things which must shortly be done. That's what Revelations 1 and two. And then notice Christ. This this proverb was so anointed that Christ actually spoke out of him. These are red letters. Behold, I come quickly. Blessed or blessed is he that heareth. I've heard the message. Bless that readeth. Doesn't say that. It says the Bible said what Jesus say. He says blessed he that keeps the sayings of the prophecy of this book. Well, I've heard it. Have you kept this? Have you kept the sayings of the prophecy of the In fact, I'll say this. Why was that church age book given? That church age book deals with chapter one, two, and three. That's the beginning of it. And then, of course, in the messages, we go all the way up to the six seals. We go into Christ, the future home, all these sort of things. God, he covers this. What the ra covered the entire book of revelation. I want to show you something here. Now Jesus says that there. But now notice what this angel says as well in verse eight. And I saw John I, John saw these things and heard them. And when I seen and heard the and seen, he says, I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel which shed me these things. Then then said he unto me, see thou do it not, for I am thy fellow servant, and thy brother in the prophets, and of them which hear of them which [Music] read this angel, this prophet was what? A keeper of the sayings. Amen. He says the sayings of this book worship God. So you can lose a blessing for those who read, for those that hear. If you do not keep the word and of course something here very powerful saints Christ and the bride verse 17 and the bride the spirit and the bride say come let him that heareth say come let him that is thirst come and whosoever will let him take of the water of the life freely for I testify unto every man that heareth the words those that keep the heard. Those that are keepers had to have heard it as well. Those that keep it had to have read as well. He says, but notice he says, "And he that hearth the words of the prophecies, book of any man shall add unto these things." That's how you lose a blessing. The keeping is like this. Well, the keeping is simple. This is the word. This is the Bible. We can't add or interject our thoughts into any of this except it be revealed in the scriptures or let's say we hear a c we have a quote on a tape. Man, that's interesting. That's powerful. Can we bring it back to this? Hey, just like we just seen what we have an American pope prophesied in 1954. And when that new pope comes out of the United States, he calls it a new pope. Was he not a new pope? The other one just passed. Looks like it's been pro looks like it's coming to pass. If this be that one, you're going to watch this confederation is going to start moving. We have a new president, American president, and we have a new American pope. Did not Donald Trump, what he he posted that thing on uh brother Cam talked about it. He literally had an AI image of him being pope. What What was he saying? Was there going to be American pope? I don't know. I don't know what he I don't know what that was all about. Everything's done for a purpose. He made himself as a pope, a Catholic. And what brother said, he says according to the prophecy in what? In Revelations 13. Now, and if any man take away from the words of this book, he says, I'll take his part out from the the book of life, right? And from the holy city and the things that are written in this book. I want to read you some quotes here by God's grace. I want to read this to you by God's grace. Let me read this. God is known by simplicity and of the revelation of Jesus Christ to the most illiterate person. See, it doesn't matter if you can read or write. If you understand, if you what? Catch the revelation. If you keep these things. See, that's why illiterate can't even read. All you have to do is hear. Once you hear, you're accountable. He says, "Not your theology. It's the revelation of Jesus Christ. Upon this rock, I build my church." No other rocks accepted. No other revelation accepted. He says, "No other Roman rock, no Protestant rock, no no other school, no other nothing but the exactly but on the exact revelation of Jesus Christ through the new birth." So the only thing that can give you the revelation of this is the new birth. That's why Jesus said what? Seek ye first the kingdom of God. Amen. And his righteousness. Well, how do you get his right righteousness? You have to become a new creature in Christ. You have to become the blood of Christ. Amen. His is his his his anointing is his his blood must be covering you, sealing you until the day of your redemption. Right. He says he b he says he's exactly. He says he bors it there and he injects his own life and your life is gone. Your life is gone. Thanks God. There's one thing I noticed about myself. I my my personality is too strong. There's still too much of brother Simon here. I want my personality to leave and I want his nature, his personality to come in. There has to be the bride will have that at the coming of the Lord. Now, we should see a little bit. If you don't see it, saints of God, cry out for it. Amen. Run to the altar. Make sure we have exactly what we say we have. Amen. Amen. He says, "And the life of Christ is projecting itself through you with the preeminences to the people, and they may see the very life and works and signs and wonders that he did is doing the same thing in you." That's what he's looking for. is not necessarily understanding the mysteries. Those mysteries are great, but he wants to see the very life of Christ. Maybe he'll walk on water again. Maybe he'll translate somewhere. Maybe this man will speak in tongues and God will say something through that to what? Protect the people of this church. These signs shall follow them that believe. Saints of God. True believers. Amen. Amen. And not only that, but we'll do what? The greater works. There's something we don't know nothing about. It's called the third pole. He said, "But as the council brings forth this crunch as the pressure becomes, as the brother uh brother Jose said, he said that that that squeeze coming, saints of God, he's what what is a squeeze?" The squeeze is a pressure put upon something. You squeeze an orange and orange juice comes out. If you have the Holy Ghost and the squeeze, the Holy Spirit should come out. The lion will be released. Amen. Out of you. Amen. He says, "And they shall see the very life and works and signs and wonders that he that he did is the same life that's doing the thing things in you outside of that. The rest of it," he says, "the reverence is not even called to at all." Watch God's great revelation unfolding. By lack of this revelation, in other words, Christ in you, what are we lacking right now? That revelation. that these signs shall follow you that believe. He said this is the revelation we're lacking. By the lack of this revelation is why we have so many different divisions among us is so much mockery. You know why people in the world uh mo Christians because they don't see the life the power of the spirit. If they saw the life and power of the spirit in you saints of God they would reverence. There should be some kind of fear. There should be something to say, wow, that's a Christian. That man is full of the Holy Ghost. There's something about him. Amen. That's right. He says, "So much division among us because the lack of the revelation." See, they lack the revelation. The teachers Paul after his great re revelation of Christ said in the first Corinthians 2, he says, "Be sure you watch it." He says, "I never come to you with wisdom. Look at that man who did have the wisdom or look upon." He did not come say look who has scholarship. I never came you with those kind of words. He says, I've come with what power and demonstration of the spirit. But that's a revelation. Wherever you should go, when it's time, when God needs his power to displayed, he can use your vessels. Just last night, we took a uh two nights ago, we took a brother out to eat. And while we're eating, I was looking right across the street, and a man I didn't right across the table there, two tables down, this man started going like this, all slumped over. and his wife was holding him and I'm just watching this unfold. Everybody's talking. I said, "Hey, oh, we got to say a prayer." We said a prayer and that man started to slowly recover those sort of things. And however, I later talked with the the uh the uh uh the waiter and he said, "Yeah," he said he was having a seizure. But what I didn't I I initially instantly I said, "We need to say a prayer. We need God on the scene." Saints of God, that's Christ. Whenever the go Christ saw a problem, whenever God let him saw a problem, something strike him, he went and dealt with it. Amen. Yes. Now, I want to read something else here by God's grace. Now, here's the difference. Remember, there's those that hear, those that read, and those that keep. Which one of us are we this morning? He says, "Now notice this. The b the bride body must follow the head." Bride are when you're born again, when you someone is born again of the spirit, they become the body of Christ. Now you are, the Bible says, you're not flesh of flesh. Now you're spirit of spirit. Then the bride body must follow the head, for it is part of his resurrection and part of the mystery. It's impossible for it not to go. See, saints of God, that's why he seek youth first the kingdom of God first. Receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That is the key. He says it's part of God's mystery how God revealed himself and raised it up by the word. So he reveals his church and raises up by the same word. It's part of his three-fold mystery. As the head was took from the grave, so must the body follow him back to Eden. Is someone who's not the body of Christ going to follow him back to Eden? It's not going to happen. Only those that are born again will catch this. He says the body and be the b the bride being the body of the bridegroom must follow and the head is revealed and will come back with eternal life and the body must follow that because it is the husband and wife again. Amen. And as long as you're pregnantated with the same word which is his body. You understand the revelation of Paul or I'm sorry John. In the beginning was Jesus and Jesus was the word and or sorry in the beginning was the word the word was with God and the word was God. It does not call him Jesus does not call him son but it calls him the word. Do you see how powerful? In fact all John's writing he calls Jesus the word. In first John he calls him the word. In Revelations 20 he calls him and on his thigh was written a name the word of God. And his name was called the word of God. And as long as you're pregnantated with the same word, which is his body, you've took his body become into you. And when you took the word, not the creed, my the word. Oh my. Wouldn't that make a text this afternoon to go on? Uhhuh. Why wouldn't that be wonderful? See, just think of it now what it is. Therefore, the body cannot recognize. He said the body cannot recognize. He says, "Don't fail this. The body therefore cannot recognize any headship but the word." I just heard a minister a while back. He was preaching. I I don't usually listen to other services from our church other than our church, but sometimes I jump out. I listen to a sermon. The brother said, he said, "You know, hell was created after the fall." I never heard that quote. Was hell created after the fall? I thought on the seventh day that God rested from his works, we're finished. Preached a sermon and it sounded really enticing, but man, he just throws these little things in here that have nothing to do with just made up. Now, why did I catch that when everyone else is amening? I go, Because what? The body only recognizes the word. Didn't use a quote. Notice when they when these things take place, there's never a quote. There's never a scripture. Especially never a scripture. I'm like, if I was there, I'd been like, "Uh, brother, uh, can you show me the Bible where just made it up? He says, "But the body therefore cannot recognize any other headship but the word." He says, "Because the word is because the head is connected with the body and the head is the word and it's the same word, one headship. Therefore, denominations and holy fathers and everything else is dead dung. There is one headship that's Christ. The body only recognizes one thing. He says the word. Brother Jose's out there. You know what he said? Brother Jose said, he said, "Brother Simon," he goes, "There are 20." How many did you say 20? There's more than 20 different forms of the message. We We got Malachi 4. We could literally take We go up here like this. I'll write Malachi 4. Make a circle and then out of here a group. Out of here a group. And we can do over 20. Now where's the divisions come? Where where are these things coming from? They're going off this. They are not understanding this. They did not catch the revelation in the revelation of Jesus Christ. Do not add or take away. In Revelations 20:22, that's the most important thing. The bride, the head, the bride, the headship is Christ. And if he's going to connect with his wife, she has to be what? Pure. Pure word. Do you think a husband's going to touch uh You could go either way. If a husband and wife are married and the wife goes and messes with another man, do you think that man's going to want to take his wife again? If a man goes to mess with another woman, you think that wife's going to take that man again? Be difficult. Very, very difficult to do to work through those things, right? What about Christ and his bride? I'm the bride. I'm the bride. Oh, but I believe the hell was created after Jesus is like, that's not what I said. That's not me. And if Christ is the word and the word is him himself, which is his voice, brother Austin, can you stand up here? Now, I'm going to deal with this, brother, because they're nearly w. Watch this. Now, they're married. She knows your voice. And you know his voice. Lena, I'll meet you. Go in the bathroom right now. This is your husband. She's not going to obey that voice because that did not come from her husband. What? Lena, you're not going to eat today. You're going to fast and I'm going to eat. Now, that's kind that's just But she knows the tones. She knows she for her to listen to that. She's like, "My husband would never ask me to do that. That that's not something I've ever heard him ask before. That doesn't make some that usually if my husband would what? Fast with me or we would just whatever." You know what I mean? That's not the that's that's not the nature of that man to that wife. It's the same with Christ in the word. Let me sit down. Think about that. See, that's how serious this is. The wife of Christ will know the word. when you hear something that seems a little bit off. Amen. Now, I'm going to show you one last thing here by God's grace. Everybody been blessed. Okay, I know it's simple. I'm going I'm going without very I'm going to show you something. I show brother Jose out there. When I heard this, it shook me to the core. Let's draw the book of Acts right here. Book of Acts with a circle, right? And in 300 years there was one stem off that Catholic Church. Then you have the Christians. The Catholic Church killed the Christians. And for the most part after that, we had Catholics with the Alba Albagen and all those real true Christians after that, but they're really small groups and this and this. And the Catholic Church just destroyed God's people. But when they when the Catholic Church started building that cyine chapel, St. Peter's Basilica, and they're and God's looking down seeing it's a serpent, he's like, "All right, I got something for you." And he sends in Luther. And then now we have the book of Acts. Now we have the Catholic Church. We have Luther. We have then the Methodists. We have all these things coming out. And what what God slowly restoring his bride to his word. And now we have Malachi 4 on the scene 50, 60, 70 years ago. And now we magnify it again. We don't focus on the Catholics. We don't focus on the Lutherans. We don't focus on the Methodists. We focus now just on the message. This little branch coming here with the message. And now, as brother brother Jose said, we've got over 20 different kinds. I want to show you something that should shake you. In fact, when I heard this, I listened to another sermon I probably should not listen to because it really uh did something scared me to death. I'll just say it because it's it's it's terrifying. I listen to a sermon a brother's preaching. He's dealing with the seventh seal. We know the seventh seal is made up of three parts, three-fold. You know that third pole, that third fold was an unknown tongue. I'm listening to sermon. This brother said, "Don't touch the seven seal. Just don't. Dad, this this." And he says, "Oh yeah, that unknown tongue was this, this, this, this, this." And I'm going, "What? No quote, no scripture. I'm going to read this quote here. Do not be surprised that anything takes place in this message, saints. If you hear of this brother leaving or this brother joining up with, don't let nothing shake you. There's a storm coming. Don't let anything shake you. Your foundations on the word. If you know you're on the word, if you can say, "Lord, I've done this. I've done this. I'm doing my best to keep everything. I've not added to anything. You can be you can be solid on your foundation. Second time he preaches this trying to do God a service without his being his will. 11:2765. Blessed are you that hear, bless you that read. But saints of God, the blessing is for those that keep the word. Now, why is that so important? Why is keeping the word the preeminent thing in Revelations? And I'm not throwing anyone under the bus, but saints of God, watch this thing. Keep your spiritual eyes open at all times. Paragraph 3:22. Yes. The evening promise of the seven seals of Revelations 10, Malachi 4, Luke 10, and Luke 30 and 10. Read he read Deuteronomy 4 1-4. You know what Deuteronomy 4 1-4 is? That's where Moses tells the people of Israel, do not add or diminish. And then in verse 25 and 26, he says, "I call heavens and earth to witness against you this day. Do not do these things." But Moses said, "I call heavens and earth to witness against." Who's the witness? What's the witness of heaven? 1 John 5 7 6 78. Let's read it. Who are who are the witnesses in heaven? Let's go there. Just so you know. Just so you know, because the Bible interprets itself. Notice it's revealed to the bride who the witnesses are. 1 John 5 7 and 8. I call heavens and earth to witness against you this day. Who is the witnesses in heaven? For there are three that bear record in heaven. The father, the word, and the holy ghost. And these three are one. So who is the witness in heaven? God himself. All threefold manifestations of him. All three offices of the same person because they are one. Who are the witnesses on earth? And there are three that bear witness in earth. The spirit, the water, and the blood. Everything that came out of Christ as a witness that was done down here, saints of God, is a witness against these things. Deuteronomy, notice, I'm going to read. I'm going to finish this. Read Deuteronomy 4:14 and then 25 and 26 verse and see what he said about this last day. He called Revelation or sorry Deuteronomy 4 do not add or take away and the and the witness heaven and earth. He says this this day for this day. This was Moses saying to Israel to keep every word and don't add one thing. Moses that prophet had been up there and seen the word of God. It was wrote unto him and vindicated by God's own hand keeping it. And he said you keep every word don't you add or take one thing away from it. You can read in verse 25 and 26 verse of Deuteronomy 4 and let me hit you with something heavy. Why is this so important? Well, brother S, it's just, you know, it's just simple. Just no, there's a reason. Notice, don't you add to it. Don't take away from it. Because if you do, God will take your part out of the book of life and it shows you wasn't his seat. Do you understand what that means? Many people have received this message. We've got 20 different denominational organizational things. And I'm not saying they're not seed, but saints of God, that's scary. It's why it's so important and it shows you wasn't his seed. adding or taking away he says shows a because what only the bride is what connected to the head which will only receive the revelation comes to the to the body is that the word is right the headship is right Christ is right in Christ alone Jesus said if you love me you he says he says you'll keep my commandments he says if you want to be my disciple indeed he says follow me be he says stay with the serve. See how dangerous this is? He said, "But it's for this day." How many believe your bride? How many is going to stick with the word? Amen. I love how St. is one of always been one of my foundational scriptures. Prove all things. Make sure we know what we're talking about. Make sure what? Because remember I heard a brother preach. I was driving a a preach a while back. I listened to a I I tried to hone into my pastor service because it was their service starts at 2 o'clock. So, I started around 10 o'clock. So, I get to listen to my pastor's sermons and this and that. Well, his the the the the connection on the internet wasn't there. It's like, okay, well, what Lord, what do you want me to listen to? And I jump on YouTube and a brother was preaching. I hit it. Boom. He said, you know what he said? He said, he said, this message is not a buffet. What happens in a buffet? Well, I like okra. I like fried okra. So, I'll take my little plate and I'll bypass the green beans. I'm going to bypass the corn. And I'm looking for that okra, number one, because half my plate's going to be okra. And then I'm going to go get a little mashed potatoes and gravy. And then I'm going to go get a little piece of chicken, and that's all I want. But saints of God, there's a whole bunch more food over there. Saints of God, there's a whole bunch more of the quotes over here. There's a whole bunch more of the scriptures right here. Saints of God. We cannot just pick this one. and pick this and we've got to take everything that God gave us. Amen. Roberto said what he says. He said the spirit showed me this vision. He says I'm storing what? We're storing up food, great spiritual vitamins, very great spiritual vegetables. What for this end time? He there's coming a time where you'll need this. But it's not a buffet. You can't just take one quote just like you can't take one scripture and take away and add to it or say this is it. this one scripture. That's it. Let me turn I want to I want to show you something powerful. I was teaching original sin to some new saints there. You're going to love I think you're going to love this. And as I read this scripture, I completely missed literally the one of the main points of this. You know what you know one of the things they don't like about original sin? Well, I thought we all had free will. I thought I thought God g God so loved the world. God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever you know receive the sins would have eternal life. Right side right there there's no service what God loved the whole world. Well he did. That's why he paid the price for all the sins. What? Because everyone has free will free free will. Everyone's given opportunity to receive this word. Everyone's given an opportunity to receive eternal life. But depending on what's in them will determine on what decisions they'll make. Well, I don't like that. Look what the scripture says here. Second Peter 2, verse one. But there were false prophets also among the people, even as there shall be false teachers among you, who privately shall bring in damn heresies, even denying the Lord that bought them. God purchased their sins. God took their sins. But what they never they deny Christ and their sins are kept on them. But even these false look denying the Lord that bought them and bring upon themselves swift destruction he did. He purchased all the sins. But remember a pardon is only a pardon except if it's received as a pardon. Amen. He purchased everyone's sins all the way from Cain. But remember, he can only redeem that which was redeemable. My sheep hear my voice. A stranger, my sheep hear my voice. And out of my mouth went a sharp two-edged sword, which is what? The word of God. My sheep hear my voice, and a stranger they'll not follow. Amen. Let's stand here by God's grace. Saints, as I've been out, I minister for uh usually the smaller assemblies. I was out one time and uh I was reading a quote. I shared I shared this with brother Jose. I was reading a quote and in the quote, brother Ram actually says it's wrong. He said it wrong. He actually said the wrong number. And I correct. And when I was reading the quote, I didn't say the wrong number. I said the correct number because I had to bring it back to the word. And afterwards, the brother was like, "Brother S, you should not have done that." And I go said, "Why?" He goes, "Well," and he had a certain revelation about it. So I went back and studied it. Brother Bam said, he said, "There was nothing spiritual about it. There was no vision about this. There's nothing." He said, "I just made a mistake. But things what became he made his own doctrine out of these. Amen. Saints God, we trust you've been blessed this morning. Edified. I want you. I hope I hope you seen the importance of keeping the word. You must run from Genesis Revelations. Now remember, here's the thing. He that keepeth the mo the majority of that we're the days of revelations right now. The revelation of Jesus Christ covers all the gentile dispensation. All of it even to the tribulation and to the lineium and even on beyond eternity. Right? So we're right in this book and we're at the last age. And the prophet said he said it'll be so close. Let's ask God to give us spiritual discernment on everything we hear. Amen. Brother Malai, if you want to come up and play for something nice. Saints of God, let's go home tonight. As we eat lunch, as we fellowship with your loved ones, let's say, Lord, Lord, I ask God you would let me, let me read something to you. This just come to me right here. It's in 1 John verse 1 John 2 verse 23. Whosoever denith the son hath not the father. Whosoever denieth the son hath not the father. What other word could use instead of son? In the beginning was the word. So whoever has not the word hath not the father hidden right there laying right there. We've got to understand in the beginning was the word. The word is with God. The word was God's and the word was made flesh and that was the son. Whosoever denieth the son or the word, the same hath not the father. But he that acknowledgeth the word hath the father also. First I How do you know? Verse 25. And this is the promise that he hath promised us, even eternal life. These things have I written unto you be concerning them which seduce you. But the anointing, he says, which ye have received from him abideth in you, and you have need that no man teach you, but is the same anointed teacheth all things. Saints of God, that's why you need the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That Holy Ghost will teach you all things. But as the same anointing teaches all things and is truth and is no lie, even as it is taught among you, you shall abide in him who is what? The word is coming down that it's that simple. It's this simple, saints of God. Jesus is so serious about his bride. Let me give you example. When I when I talk with my wife Beth, Sister Beth, I said, "Babe, when you go to Costco today, I want you to pick up this, this, and this." And I even write a list. Even write it plain. And I give her the list. She goes, "Okay." And she drives driving through kind of traffic all the way to Toledo, blah blah Parisburg. And if she would fail to res to get one of the things on that list, even though I wrote it, even though it was available, and she's like, "Oh, he doesn't really mean that. He really doesn't. I mean, I've got extra, you know, I don't know why he wants a little bit extra." Saints of God, I would be like, "Why didn't you just do what I told you to do?" Because remember it's a marriage. If we are the wife of God, this is our this is our husband right here. This will show us what to do. Amen. But remember this is not only just letter but there is an author of this letter that's still alive. Amen. The B what Jesus said the words that I speak are spirit and they are life. God can literally you don't even have to hear the voice of God. All you have to do that word right here will speak to you. These are spiritual words, saints of God. But if you can't understand something in here, we have to go then to the spirit. Say, Lord, what do you mean by your writing? Amen. Amen. All hearts, minds clear, saints of God, be determined more than ever when you're listening to services and this this Lord, is this right? Is this right? Is this right? Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, let's bow our heads. Dear Lord Jesus, Lord, we love you. And Lord, this has been burning in my heart for a while, Lord. And you know, Lord, when I and Lord, we give grace onto because Lord, I'm not perfect. I'm sure I have taught things wrong, Lord. But Lord Jesus, I am open to full correction, God. And Lord Jesus, Lord, we ask God you would be with every minister. Lord, that you would guide us all to that same full, true, undefiled, uncorrupted word of God. And Lord, we ask you draw every member of the bride, God, Lord, to your beating, bloody word of God, Lord Jesus. Lord, for the Bible says, wherever the carcass is, there will the eagles be gathered. And Lord Jesus, Lord, we know that carcass cannot be corrupted. We know that carcass was resurrected, God. And Lord Jesus, we've have we have it now in letter form, God. We have it in Bible form, Lord. And Lord Jesus, Lord, these words are not this letter does not kill us, Lord. It gives us strength, God. Give us revelation, God. And Lord God, we thank you, Lord, for these revelations, Lord. Thank you for give us understanding, God, but Lord, we what great Lord, continue to magnify your word. Continue to show us the finer details, God. Lord, for your prophet said, he said only the very elect would be able to detect the true from the false, Lord. Direct quote, Lord. And Lord, we love you, Lord. We ask you be with our pastor, Brother Jesse. Lord, strengthen, Lord. Keep him on your word, Lord Jesus. God, Lord, help us, Lord, to continue, Lord, to fast and pray in secret, God. Give arms in secret, God. And Lord Jesus, we want to do everything, Lord, unto you. Lord, that so you're the only one that sees, Lord, our true hearts. Lord, you are the only one to see our true work, our true desire to hear from you, Lord God, are hungering and thirsting, Lord, in secret for you, Lord, we love you. Lord, I believe you, Lord. You've been here. And Lord God, we ask, God, that your revelation, Lord, whatever you would have, Lord, for your wife here, God, for your bride, God, was heard, Lord, that it was brought to them, Lord. Lord, we tried to show it in the word. Lord, we show you. We showed some of the things, Lord, your prophet had said, God. And Lord Jesus, we pray it made an impact. How important, Lord, to stay, Lord, that our foundation is rock that, Lord, your church is built on revelation. We are give us strength Lord.
