################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-02 - (1-1-26) I Have Set The LORD Always Before My Face - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2026-01-02
Title:   (1-1-26) I Have Set The LORD Always Before My Face - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDkZ2997DnM
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I like this. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. My life is well because Heat. Heat. Oh, I know. Yes, I know. I is worth because my life is worth. My life is worth the living just because he lives. Let's say thank God. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Our lives are worth the living. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Gives us such hope and peace. Hallelujah. Let's sing this little song. Thank you, Lord, for saving my soul. Her brother saved this last week. Look, look, said that said that. Okay. Okay. I heard brother Ram singing this song. I was washing dishes last Saturday. I was like, "Oh, Sounded so humble to be able to sing this. Thank you, Lord, for saving my soul. Free. Thank you, Lord, for saving my soul. Thank you Lord. Thank you. Thank you Lord. My great salient. Thank you. My soul. Thank you for Oh my great salvation. The second verse. Thank you Lord. Thank you for my name. Try that Thank you foring my name. eternal life so rich and free. Amen. Let's thank God. Thank you, Lord, for saving our souls. Amen. You can be seated if you like. Let's pray for those requests here. Got the songs of God on our hearts that feel good and confident in God to hear our prayers. Amen. Let's trust God to heal the cruise girls in the hospital. Then pray for my family of God's grace. Does anybody else have a need that I can remember here tonight? Sisters. Amen. Praise God. Also, for my family, pray for the saints that couldn't make it here tonight. Ask God to bless them. Again, want to thank everybody for coming. Hallelujah. many times I've said that you know that appreciate those people who come so faithfully because they if you didn't come there nobody here so special thank you for your sacrifice by God's grace like I said there's numerous people that call this their home church even though they don't physically attend here because they don't have a home church to speak to them as well we know God can meet these needs tonight praise God amen let's believe hallelujah God makes all things We're under the blood of Jesus Christ as we heard on Sunday. The water and the blood gives us atonement washes us clean and we're hidden. Our lives are hidden in Christ. Hallelujah. So, we know Christ hears our prayers tonight. Let's pray together. Father God, we thank you for the blood of Jesus Christ. Thank you for the water and the blood and the spirit, Lord God. Hallelujah. Lord, we give you thanks today. Hallelujah. The blood gave us an atonement. It gave us reconciliation. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord God. Hallelujah. Lord, we're your children, Lord God, by the blood of Jesus Christ. Israel doesn't have that. They're still in the blood of bulls and goats and they don't even offer sacrifices, Lord God. They're just trusting in your grace, Lord God. Lord, we have the precious blood of Jesus Christ tonight, Lord. Thank you, God. Hallelujah. That we have the holy blood of God. Hallelujah. As I read this morning, Jehovah's blood, the blood of God. We're thankful, Lord Jesus. God became a man. Hallelujah. So we know we're totally forgiven. There's no condemnation to them. They're in Christ Jesus. Lord, if we have uh sins we haven't confessed, Lord, may we confess them now. Forgive us of any sin. Lord God, whether unknown or whether iniquity, Lord God, forgive us, Lord Jesus. We trust, Lord, now by God's grace, we're forgiven. Lord, let the water of the word wash us, Lord, clean. Hallelujah. Purifies us because we're washed by the waters of the word. Thank you God for the cleansing process of the water. Hallelujah. The harmony that the blood of Jesus Christ gives us with the father. Hallelujah. To know Lord God that you hear our prayers. Thank you Lord God. And the Holy Spirit Lord that gives witness with our spirit that we are the sons and daughters of God. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah for this opportunity tonight to praise. Lord we take these requests Lord starting with the sick and the afflicted. Lord we pray you be with the girls, Lord, uh these great granddaughters, Father, be with them in the hospital. Give them the best doctors, Lord, if you choose to heal that way. Pray for divine healing, Lord, or miracles for their intestines in Jesus Christ's name. Hallelujah. Believing the word of God. Hallelujah. The promises of God, their yay and amen in Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. You ever live to make intercession, make intercession, I pray, to the father, dear Lord. Hallelujah. For the cruise girls, Lord, for healing to the intestines in Jesus Christ's holy name. Pray for Sister Zur, God. We ask for a miracle. She's believing for a miracle. We put our faith with hers, Lord God. Hallelujah. We lift this request up to you, God. And we ask Almighty God, Lord, to stop, Lord, this uh degradation, whatever it may be, Lord God. And we ask for restoration in her teeth in Jesus Christ's name for the glory of God. Lord, we lift it up to you because it's important to our sister. It's important to the body of Christ, Lord. When one member suffers, we all suffer. When one one member rejoices, we all rejoice. Lord God, make us to rejoice. Lord, I pray by answer these requests for the cruise girls and sisters serve. And I pray, Lord, you bless my wife, Lord. Heal her body, Lord. How she's labored for these two weeks, Lord God. Heal her body. Touch her body in the name of Jesus Christ. Send the Holy Spirit, Lord God. Heal her body, Lord God. She feel good tomorrow, Lord. Touch Aacia. She was sick. Uh Genevie was exhausted, Lord God. Aaca was down, Lord God. God, I pray Lord God, be with them. Lydia's ears were hurting her. Lord God, Zion was tired and Lord, so many are sick. So, Father God, we pray, God, send your healing virtue, Lord God, to our family. We ask in the name of Jesus Christ, Lord God, be glorified and magnified through these requests, Lord God. We're your bride. Hallelujah. We're your church, Lord God. Hallelujah. We come by the uh by your name. We have your name. There's one name given unto the bride whereby we must be saved under heaven and earth, Lord God. The whole family in heaven and earth is named the Lord Jesus Christ. We come by that name Lord Jesus and ask you to minister to these needs Lord God. Lord I think now Lord of travelers will be traveling a few days to come home. So protect our precious brother. Bless him Lord God and thank you for his love for the people of God. I just pray you be with him Lord as he travels. Let your angels protect him Lord in Jesus name. Hallelujah. Father Lord meet the needs I pray of your people here tonight. Be with those who couldn't make it. speak to them and especially Lord to those who can make it here tonight. Speak to us here tonight for your glory, Lord Jesus. We're grateful for another year, Lord God. Hallelujah. Lord, it's a privilege to have another year, Lord God. So many people pass each year, Lord God. When I look out and I see all the saints still here, we're so grateful, Lord God, for this opportunity, Lord, as we've been looking at the Corinthian church and to see how you've helped our church to live above these things, God. All we can say is thank you, Lord God. And Lord, just let us be more consecrated, Lord, because the moving of the spirit comes to a life consecrated to the word. Help me to be more consecrated, Lord. Help each and every one to consecrate ourselves more here in 20126 that your spirit can move amongst us, God. Hallelujah. We believe you'll meet these needs, God, in your time and season, but of course, let everything be done according to thy will, Lord God. We have confidence in your promises, Lord Jesus. So bless us here tonight, Father God, in Jesus Christ's name. And the saints said, hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's sing one more here. By God's grace. Uh higher ground. You put up the chorus there. Brother Chris I Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I understand this. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Let me heat. Happy and we are the joy. Praise God. Thank God. Praise God. Let me stand. Amen. Hallelujah. I like that. I used to sing that when I was a boy. That just brings that good memories. Let's go to the word of God. Thank you, Malachi. Appreciate that. Let's go to Psalm chapter 16 here. By God's grace, I'm sure Malachi will try to get the live stream back on. Then, Malachi, you can switch over. got some scriptures to show. Psalm uh 168 and9 brother from Germany sent me a quote today from brother Brandham and it had this verse in it. He was going to use this quote for you know his start to the the new year and I thought what a nice quote and it was about this. So my message tonight is I have set the Lord always before my face. I thought that'd be a good scripture there to start off the the new year. I mean, isn't that what we want? We want in everything we do in this year, we want to set the Lord before us, right? Let the Lord go before us on the job, in our home, in the church, with our personal lives, you know, our gifts of the Holy Spirit. We want to set the Lord always before our faces. Hallelujah. This will be my New Year's message here by the grace of God. Okay. So, yeah, my wife did just text and say, uh, sounds very faint. That could be my mic here. So, let me text you real quick. I'll just say how does it sound? So, we'll see how it goes. All right. Thank you, Psalm 16. Uh we'll go eight and nine. Now this is also I'm not going to preach it, but this is the chapter that has the resurrection hidden in it. Brother Chris, Satan, uh Satan knew Jesus was the holy one, but he didn't know about the resurrection. The Bible said they he would not have crucified the Lord of glory had he known that he was going to send the Holy Ghost like that. So God hid the verse in Psalm chapter 16. It's half a verse out of 10,000 verses. So God was so of course he's so wise and smart and infinitely smart. The devil was uh tricked because the devil doesn't know much. He knows a lot but nothing compared to God. God bless you sister. Now let's read eight and nine and we'll just read 10 because that's the resurrection scripture. God hid Jesus's resurrection in half of a verse and Satan didn't know it. Oh yeah. My wife said the audio's pretty quiet but better. Is it something one of the knobs that needs to be adjusted? Look for the knob. Look for the knob that says uh wireless mic. Maybe that's Sorry. We're trying to get a little bit of a internet connectivity and sound issue fixed here. Hopefully hopefully it'll be better here by God's grace. Just for uh your reference, the resurrection is here in chapter 16. And then remember, brother Ram said the rapture is in Psalm 27. So if you're just interested in those verses, those chapters in particular, very powerful verses. So the resurrection was in Psalm 16, the rapture was in Psalm 27. Think of that. David wrote about both of them. And David wrote about the cross. My goodness. So, David wrote about the cross, the resurrection, and the rapture. Why? Because he was a man after God's own heart. And he was, of course, a type of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Let's read our verses for tonight. I want to preach on I have set the Lord always before my face. As we head into, as we start 2026 here, let's read eight and nine. Can we ready? One, two, three. I have set the Lord always before me. Because he is at my right hand, I shall not be moved. Therefore, my heart is glad and my glory rejoicth. My flesh also shall rest in hope. May God add his blessing to the read of his word. You can be seated. I do apologize. I thought it said he always set before my face, but I think that's the book of Acts scripture. So, we'll read that in just a little bit here by God's grace. But again, saints, if you remember here, uh, verse 10 is the resurrection verse, brother Chris. For thou wilt not leave my soul in hell, neither wilt th holy one, I'm sorry, ne, neither wilt thou suffer thine holy one to see corruption. So David had a revelation that all the believers, even if they're saved, they went to hell. But remember, there's a separation. There's a chasm between the believers and the sinners, right? And so the believers, although they were in the section of earth called hell, they were not in torment. They were in paradise, Abraham's bosom. So David had a revelation. He knew that when when the believers died, they went down. Now Chris and I were talking and Chris had a good thought. Uh remember the Bible said Elijah went up, right? So all the Old Testament saints that died, they went down. Elijah went up and that must mean Enoch went up. And brother Chris caught it. Remember I read that quote last week where Enoch saw Jesus remember in the in Abraham's bosom, but it seems like by scripture Enoch wasn't there. Hallelujah. Enoch would have went up to heaven, right? He would not have been in Abraham's bosom because he never died. So I thought that was good. Brother Chris caught that. That's a good catch there, brother Chris. Uh so thank you. Now again, so verse 10, David knew he would die and go down to hell, but he wouldn't be tormented. Um, and then neither wil thy holy one to see corruption. So corruption sets in after three days, brother Chris, the body will start corrupting after three days. So that's why Jesus had to be raised within three days and three nights because on the fourth day, it would start to corrupt, right? Because God said he's so holy. He he he'll pay the penalty for sin. All the sin will be placed on him, but he won't corrupt. And that shows he's the word of God. That shows the word of God doesn't corrupt as well. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, Jesus showed he had power over corruption though because Lazarus died and on the fourth day, Jesus rose him from the grave. &gt;&gt; So, God has power to raise anyone who's been dead. Of course, he will do that again. No matter how long they've been dead, God has the power to raise them up and bring their bodies back from corruption. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And make them incorruptible by a glorified body. But that's the verse uh saints where Jesus or God hid Jesus' resurrection in that one verse. Now I also want to read verse 11. Thou will show me the path of life. Now how many believe that's true for them too? &gt;&gt; If God showed David the path for his life, God will show it to you too. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And like brother Simon said, if you're not sure, just look back at where you've come from and see God all that he's done for you. Right? Then you get a good idea. If he's done this for me, well, I can see where he might take me. Hallelujah. And remember, church, there's there's numerous parts to the will of God. There's the sovereign will of God, which he decre declared or I'm sorry, de decreed before the foundation world. Then there's the known will of God. The known will of God is this right here, right? The sovereign will of God, we don't know. There's a known will of God. And then, Brother Chris, as we live, God makes known the progressive will of God, &gt;&gt; right? like go God with Abraham. God told him go uh he said move to uh Palestine, right? But then that's all he told him. So but then progressively God showed him well now you're going to have a now you're going to be the father of nations. But then but then after that now it's going to come through Sarah. Okay. Right. So his life was progressive revelation you know and that's how our lives are too. Up to this point we know what God has done. Right? But we still want to stay in the will of God. Uh especially for our gifts of the Holy Spirit and our physical location and our jobs and our relationships if we're not married. You know, uh we want to be open to God showing us all those things in the progressive will of God. Like I've told you before, you know, I don't know that I'll always be the pastor here. God could have a desire to send me somewhere else, right? And you don't know if you'll always be here. God might send you some other church by God's grace. That's called the progressive will of God, right? where God will make it known to you at some point in the future. Now, God knows all of that in his sovereign will, but he's got to reveal it to us here on earth. Hallelujah. All right. And I like this. He'll show you the path of life. And in his presence is the fullness of joy. Amen. If you want joy, church, just get in God's presence. Hallelujah. That's what the Bible says. You all and that that's why, you know, we want to experience God. That's why we want to be happy in church. That's why I danced, I think, on Sunday. I just felt so joyful like the blood of Jesus Christ, you know, uh all that it had done for me. I just had to I I had to dance and give God thanks because he showed me that revelation, Jose, about the water, blood, and the spirit. For 24 years, I wondered why did brother Brandham say that that the bride was born at the Calvary. Why did brother say that? And then I saw you have water and blood and there's a birth in every with every birth there's water and blood. And then 50 days later, then the spirit came. Water, blood, spirit. Every birth has a water, blood, spirit. Amen. So it just it was just overwhelming joy and I stayed happy for the first three days of the week. Now yesterday I got a little tired. But that happiness stayed with me for at least three days. I was like, "Oh, just what a great revelation. God let me see it." Uh I would say, you know, maybe it took me too long, but at least I got it by God's grace. Hallelujah. Now, uh if you got your Bible, go to Psalm 27. Just to remind you, when brother Random preached the rapture, it was December 4th, 1965. This was the chapter he read. It's the only time he ever did that because I looked it up. All right. Now, he starts off verse one, but um go down to verse five is his rapture verse. For in the time of trouble, what? Right before the tribulation period, right? He shall do what? Hide me in his Hey, there's another testimony that your life is hidden in Christ right there. Amen. There's another testimony. Not only are you physically hidden, I'm sorry, spiritually hidden in Christ, the rapture is a hiding as well. That's where you're physically hidden because he snatches his bride away. Hallelujah. Good to see you, sister. God bless you. Happy New Year. Hallelujah, Sister Beatress. Happy New Year. God bless you. Amen. So, that's the rapture verse. In the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me. Look at that. Twice in the same verse, he says he's going to hide you. Church, we have nothing to fear. Amen. Brother Ram said, "If the bomb if the atomic bomb would have been dropped in the 50s, brother Ram, they were always worried about atomic drum or bombs." Right? Brother Ram said, "Don't worry about the atomic bomb. Before it even goes off, you'll already be in the presence of Jesus Christ." Amen. Because God will not pour out his wrath upon the believers, upon the righteous. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Now, we don't believe that'll happen as far as uh we don't know the timing of it. We don't believe that the the bomb will right be the atomic bombs be right before the rapture. But brother Ram's making a point that the Bible says God will protect his people. He won't let them suffer with the wicked. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And he shall set me up on a rock. And who is that rock? That rock was Christ. Hallelujah. All right. That's not even part of my sermon. Okay. So, I just want to show you that. I just that struck me. I like, "Oh my goodness. David prophesied of the the crucifixion, the resurrection, and the rapture." Praise God. Hallelujah. A man after God's own heart. How many want to be a church after God's own heart? &gt;&gt; Now, remember church, I'm This shouldn't be too long here. Let me see. As far as my slides, I only got Well, I guess I got 43. Okay. I didn't think there was that many, but um I don't think it'll go that that slow. Hopefully here because I want to give room for a testimony. Did everybody bring a testimony tonight? Something God did good for you this year. And if nothing, just say, "Hey, I I got food on the table. I'm here in the church of God." Hallelujah. I'm still making it to church. Amen. I'm still praying. I'm still seeking God. God's giving me good health to come to the house of God. God always set I'm sorry. David always set God before him. So, I want to That's my message for the new year. Let's set God before us in everything we do. Because a brother, like I said, a brother from Germany texted me that quote. I'm like, "Oh, I haven't seen that for years, brother Jose." I'm like, "That's inspiring to me. I want to preach on that tonight." Now, Albert Barnes, Brother mentions him in the church age book that he was one of the greatest preachers uh and teachers and writers about the Bible. He said they it was during the man age which would have been the Sardisian church age and the Wesleyan Philadelphia church age. So this is his comments on uh David's verse by night as well as day. So God is set before you in the nighttime and the daytime. God's always before you in your private meditations as well in your public professions. Right? I have regarded myself always as in the presence of God. So that's what David's saying. I'm always in God's presence. That way I'm going to I like like like brother our brother said, you know, we'll act different if we knew God was around. So remember Simon said that. We always act different if if mercy followed me around all day or I let Malachi fall. I' I'd act a little different. But we want to live like God is always there. He said, I've I've endeavored always to feel that his eye was always upon me. This too is one of the certain characteristics of piety or being spiritual and that we can always feel that we're in the presence of God and we always act as if his eye were upon us. And then Acts 2:25 here's Yeah, this is Yeah, here's where I got my text. I got I forgot uh the uh Peter is quoting Acts 6, I'm sorry, Psalm 16 and he said he's he's quoting the verse that we read tonight in Acts 16. Sorry, sorry, Psalms 16. For David speaks concerning him, I foresaw the Lord always before my face, for he is on my right hand that I should not be moved. So David lived his life like he was always looking at God's face. God's always staring down at him. God's always watch him as a loving father would. &gt;&gt; Okay, so that's where I got my text. I have set the Lord always before my face. So God is always that's why we read the word, right? Like I I heard I heard this preacher every year he does this. Every year he makes a video. I'm going to give you thus sayith the Lord prophecies for 2026. And he just started reading the Bible, right? He does it to troll all these false prophets. But it's so beautiful to think of that like we we want thus sayith the Lord for the the year, right? We just got to read our Bibles, &gt;&gt; right? God is going to bring the promises like he'll never leave you or forsake you in 2026. That's thus sayith the Lord, &gt;&gt; right? Not me as a prophet, but that's what the Bible says. That's the Bible giving us the word of the Lord. Hallelujah. I thought that's a beautiful idea. Now, uh for time sake, I'm not going to u read all that, but he says, "I shall not be moved." He says, "I shall be saved. I shall not be disturbed by fear. I shall be protected from my enemies." Hallelujah. This is confidence in God in the time of great calamities. And who feels that he is safe under the divine favor and protection. Now, church, this is a revelation, right? This is a revelation. To be in a very uh a very fearful spot and still know that God's watching you, that takes a revelation. Hallelujah. And that's what we want. We want to know that even when we're going through trials, God is right there with us. And not just with us, he's watching us. Hallelujah. Now, we don't want to presume that Jesus is with us. We want to set him before each one of us. Right? And now we're going to get to a quote from brother Brandham. Mary rather and Joseph thinking Jesus was with them. They were just perceiving that he was with them thinking it must just be all right. He's bound to be with us. But they were sadly mistaken he wasn't. Now this is speaking of the story when Jesus was 12 years old in Luke chapter 2. Remember that? &gt;&gt; And they went down to the feast of Pentecost with everybody in their community, right? They traveled in communities and they just left and they they just assumed, well Jesus with his cousins, he's with somebody. Maybe he's with the neighbors. And they all got on their camels or their whatever they had or they started walking away and a few days later they're like, "Anybody see Jesus?" No. They they they left without Jesus. Hallelujah. And so, Brother Ram's using this story. He said, "Some people do that. They go places and they don't remember to take Jesus with them." Hallelujah. That's why I like when brother Rod told me just pray for that car. And we drove that car today. that that really when you pray for your car or whatever you pray for before your school day or your work day, you pray before you go into work. That's setting the Lord before you. &gt;&gt; I thought that's a good lesson. Rod just I got a revelation of what Rod was telling me to do. He's basically telling me to do Psalm chapter 16 verse 8 and N. So many good peoples like that. Good people do that, brother Jess. Good people forget to pray. Yes. Good people forget to ask God if it's the will of God to do something. Yeah, we all do it, saints. They think, they see the hour approaching. They know something's fixing to happen. What do they do? They go join a church thinking he's with them. They shake hands with a preacher thinking that's all they have to do. He's with them. Confirmed or baptized a certain way. That's all they have to do, thinking Jesus with them. Brother, sister, just like Mary, Joseph of old. Real sincere people, yet they are mistaken. Now, I like this. Your life proves whether Jesus is with you or not. Isn't that beautiful? &gt;&gt; Your life shows whether he's occupied here or whether he still is in heavens or not, whatever you are. Amen. Aren't you glad, church? The works that I do shall ye do also. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But now remember the Bible said, "Not all prophesy, not all speak with tongues, not all have gifts of healing, but God works somehow in your life." Right? &gt;&gt; Like even brother Chris, I told him even catching that, brother Chris about Enoch, I didn't catch that, right? So there's something that's something about God, right? Maybe it's a gift of knowledge like we talked about. That's God in there, right? Because God because remember brother said Jesus will always correct the air. Every time Mary said something wrong, Jesus corrected her. Excuse me, woman. Right now he must have said it real kind. That's his mother, stepmother. Jesus corrects every error. Hallelujah. So, see, we just got to see what what did God equip us to do? What has God called us to do? And then stay right with that by God's grace. How could you have Christ in you and then the very spirit in you deny his word? And you take up a creed like the Trinity instead or hell's eternal. &gt;&gt; How could you have God, right? Uh yeah, I was thinking of something I forgot. It was related to the tape church I was thinking about. I can't I don't think of it right now. It can't do it. He said it can't do it. He would defeat himself by denying his own word just because somebody put a wrong interpretation to it. He says you got a Bible. You can read like anybody else. Be sincere. In other words, you don't have to take anybody's word for it. You get alone with God. You spend time with God and God will reveal the truth to you. In other words, don't make an excuse. Well, my pastor preached it wrong or this evangelist preached it wrong. No. No. So there's no excuses. You've got a you've got God to go to. You have communion with God. You can always set God before your face. &gt;&gt; See, we can't blame the preacher. We can't blame the song leader. Can't blame the deacon. You know, we can't blame other people, our mom or dad. We can't blame anybody because we can go to God's presence as well &gt;&gt; and we can have the fullness of joy. Amen. Hallelujah. But David said, so here here's the quote. And now he's preaching this in January 19th at the beginning of 1964 the the shalom sermon. So brother Bam saying don't take somebody's word. David said put him always before your face. Know that when we are meeting this new year we're meeting it in the power of the resurrection of Christ. He's always before me. I shall not be moved. &gt;&gt; Okay. So that's the quote that was shared with me that inspired this whole sermon. Just a brother from Germany said that to me. I'm like I like that. I want to start my year with that. I'm going to set the Lord before my sermons. I'm going to set the Lord before my song leading. I'm going to set the Lord before my I go back to school. &gt;&gt; Don't you want to do that? I want to set the Lord before I study, before I uh talk with my wife and my children, have the Bible time. I want the Lord always before me. I want Jesus in everything I do. I thought that was beautiful. Don't you? I thought a bless that man from Germany. Hallelujah. Now church, remember David spoke to God every morning and he loved to worship. So this is just a reminder about putting God first in the morning. I know I preach on it often, but where did I get this? I got it from David, a man after God's own heart. To the chief musician of uh Neahil, a psalm of David. Give ear to my words, oh Lord. Consider my meditation. God, consider how I'm thinking about you all the time. Hearken unto the voice of my cry, my king and my God. For unto thee will I pray. I'm not praying up. I'm not asking other people for help. God, I'm asking you for help. I'm not going to go other gods. I'm not going to false religions, the Hindu religion. I'm not running to the government for help. Lord, I'm coming to you for help. &gt;&gt; My voice shalt thou hear in the morning. Oh Lord, in the morning will I direct my prayer unto thee and will look up. That capital L O R D, remember, is Jehovah. Remember, brother Chris, that was the name that God gave to Moses. Remember we did that? talk about that Abraham didn't know him as Jehovah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Remember I sent you that verse in Exodus? God said, "Moses, you're going to know me by a new name." There's progressive revelation right there, too. Amen. Jehovah, the self-existing one, the one who exists on his own, by himself. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; David knew him as Jehovah. Of course, because David was after Moses. In the morning, I'll direct my prayer unto you, and I'll looked up to heaven. Hallelujah. Now, I I put that real small. I And I do apologize. I put that so small. Yeah. So, very sorry. I normally don't do that. I forgot to do that. I forgot to make them. I usually put three verses on a slide, so forgive me. I put double that. A Psalm of David. The Lord is my light and my salvation. Is God your light today, church? &gt;&gt; Whom shall I fear? So, that that's a verse we need reminded. We shouldn't have to fear because God's our light. God's our deliverance. The Lord is the strength of my life. Of whom shall I be afraid? In other words, why do I got to be afraid? God, I have life just because God gave it to me. God could gain my life. God can take my life. God gives and God takes away. So, what should I fear? Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; When the wicked, even my enemies and my foes come upon me to eat of my flesh. They stumbled and fell. Though in host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear. The war should rise against me. In this will I be confident. One thing have I desired the Lord, that I will seek after, that I might dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life, to behold the beauty of the Lord, and to inquire in his temple. Church, don't you feel that way? There's one thing I want. I want to be with Jesus in heaven. &gt;&gt; A brother from uh Minnesota sent me another idea today. It was so I my my eyes started crying when I read it. He said, "Brother Jesse said, "My dad and I, we're so sick." He said, "We can't even physically go to church." He said, ' So I feel bad when you make these videos about, you know, Brandham Tabernac Tabernacle got go not going to church, right? They stop, they close their church doors. I said, 'Bro, don't feel bad. You're so sick. God knows if you had the health, you would go to church because you live stream our services." And he said, "Brother Jess, I feel really bad." He's like, "This is my one request for God." Listen, and I've never heard this before in all my years in the message, 20 25 24 years. He said, "I hope because I don't go to church because I'm sick." He said, 'I hope God will still take me in the rapture. He said, ' And I'll sit under the table of the marriage supper of the lamb under the tablecloth and God will just let me wash people's feet while you all are eating at the supper. And I started crying. I'm like, that's what I hope God lets me do. I hope I get I just get to go. Hallelujah. You know, you I don't consider myself something great. I JUST WANT TO GO TO HEAVEN. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; I just want to be with Jesus. Whatever the lowest PLACE IS, I'LL ACCEPT THAT. HALLELUJAH. I JUST WANT TO BE THERE. I don't want to be with the wicked here in the tribulation period. I thought that was such a humble thing to say. And to me, based upon that humility, I don't think he'll be under the table. I think he'll be sitting at the table. Hallelujah. Because that's a real desire. Hallelujah. For in the time of trouble. Okay, now I read that. Yep, I read that. That's the rapture message. All right. So, I'm going to skip verse six for time sake. I'm not getting far on my 43 slides here. David went. Now, did you remember this about as I was studying this? I was like, that's right. And the Holy Spirit remembered this to me or reminded this to me. David always went before the army. So he led the army out and then he led the army back in. So church, because because he put God in front of him, he know he would only walk where God told him to walk. Hallelujah. And because he put God in front of him and everywhere he went, he knew God was leading him. That's why everybody wanted to follow him. &gt;&gt; Now parents, that's what we want to be. We want to live so close to God. Grandparents and those those of us who are married, we want to live so close to God with our so our children can see, wow, we follow God so well. I want to be like mom and dad &gt;&gt; or grandma or grandpa. Hallelujah. So David went before the people because he placed God in front of himself. And this is why the people could follow David because he was following God. Amen. Remember this. This was right after, remember chapter 17 of 1st Samuel was da with David killing Goliath. And Saul was afraid of David because the Lord was with him and was departed from Saul. Therefore Saul removed him from him and made him his captain over a thousand. And he went out and came in before the people. And David behaved himself wisely in all his ways. And the Lord was with him. Now church, was he foolish in any of his ways? That means he was good with his money. He was good with his sexual desires. &gt;&gt; Right? He was good with his language. &gt;&gt; In every way, David was wise. Why? Because God was always in front of him. He's like, I'm living in the presence. I'm living in the face of Yahweh Jehovah. And when Saul saw that he behaved himself wisely, very wisely, he was afraid of him. See, church, sinners will be afraid of you if you're a wise believer. Hallelujah. But all Israel and Judah, what did they do for David? They loved him. My because he went out and came in before him. Look at this man. He he he places God before him. He goes out. He gets the victory and he comes back with the spoils of victory. Hallelujah. All because he said, "God, I'm putting you before my face. I'm only gonna do God what you call me to do. And brother Ram says it like this. The bride does. The brother Ram says this, "The bride has thus sayeth the Lord or she stands still." How many remember that quote from the church age book? The bride won't move. In other words, we're trying to be a church that we only move when we have thus sayith the Lord. If I don't got thus say the Lord, let me wait on that. Hallelujah. But remember, God reveals so much in the word that we that we can that we can act upon. But on big moves like we talked about marriage or a new job or moving even to a new church, you want thus sayith the Lord on that so you know you're walking with God. Hallelujah. You see church people will love believers will love to follow you. Your children will love to follow you. Right? Uh your relatives will love to follow you if you're putting the Lord always before your face. Hallelujah. Now when after David is king in Hebron for seven years remember uh he becomes after that he becomes king of all Israel after that and here's chapter 5 in 2 Samuel is where that happens and I want you to see what all the all the other 11 tribes what do they say about David then came all the all the tribes of Israel to David unto Hebron and spake saying behold we are thy bone and thy flesh just like Jesus also in times past when Saul was king over us thou was he that led us out and brought us in Israel. And the Lord said to thee, thou shalt feed my people Israel, and thou shalt be a captain over Israel. Hallelujah. So when when all Israel finally comes to make David king, this is what they remember. David always let us out and David always brought us in. In other words, he was a leader. Now church, we want to be spiritual leaders in our homes and our schools. Hallelujah. You want to be a You want You want to lead I'll say like this. You want to lead your friends in prayer at lunchtime. You can do that, right? You can do that. So, think about how you can be a leader. How can you lead people to know God better? Maybe it's Bible studies, right? Maybe it's inviting people to church. Hallelujah. You're trying to lead the way and show them the way because God is showing you what to do, right? God is always before your face. And because God is always before you, you know what you're doing, &gt;&gt; right? Because you you didn't leave Jesus back there at your apartment. You didn't leave Jesus back there at your home. He's with you. In other words, you're under the anointing. All right? Now, remember church, I preached on this earlier this year. David inquired of the ark first. In other words, when he would go to the ark, that's like setting God before him. Now, there was at least four times he did that. He didn't know whether to fight the Philistines. So, God said, "Go up and fight him." And then he asked for confirmation. Well, God, I really got to make sure. God says, "Yes, go up and fight him." &gt;&gt; See, church, you see, you can ask God for a double confirmation. &gt;&gt; You can ask God for a double. Remember, in the mouth of what? Two or three witnesses, let every word be established. Okay? And then he said, he asked God, he asked the ark, "Will Saul come to Kela and take me?" God says, "Yes." So he didn't go. And then after Zix Ziglag's destruction, that was in the movie, right, girls? Was that in the movie Ziglag? The David movie? Yeah. Okay. So he in the movie, he should have went to the ark. And then uh God said, "Yes, pursue and recover all the families back and all the spoils." Right now, if you got your Bibles, let's do the malberry tree one. Remember this one. 2 Samuel 5:23. I want you to see how David always set the Lord before him. Now, not all I not always. I'm I'm being uh uh what's that word? I'm exaggerating. I'm using hyperbole. There it is. I'm exaggerating. He did I'll say like that. He did it very often. Not always because he didn't in the case of Basheba, Uriah numbering Israel. Remember all those iniquities that we showed? Now verse 23, 2 Samuel 5:23. Now the Philistines here had come. And when David inquired, Lord, he said, "Thou shalt not go up, but fetch a compass behind them and come upon them over against the malberry trees." So God says this time, "Don't go forward right into battle, but go behind them." See, this is why not every battle's the same, church. I'm talking about your battles, right? Every time you fight a spirit, it's not always going to be the same way to get the victory. Some sometimes God might have you get victory a different way. So now verse uh 23, but fetch a compass behind them and come upon them over against the malberry trees. And let it be when thou hearest the sound of a going in the tops of the malberry trees, that then thou shalt be stir thyself, that means move thyself. For then shall the Lord go out before thee to smite the host of the Philistines. And David did so, as the Lord commanded him, and smokeote the Philistines from Gea, and I'm sorry, until thou come to Gazer. Hallelujah. So from the land of Benjamin all the way to the land of Ephraim. Now church, do you understand this? This is David letting the Lord go before him. So, Brother Chris, they camped out by these trees and they're like, "Come on, David. Let's go." And David's like, "No, I'm waiting for the sound of the Malberry trees." In other words, I'm waiting for the wind of the Holy Spirit to blow through the church. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. See, God said, God said, "I'm going to go before you and I'm going to pass over like the wind of the Holy Spirit and you're going to hear the trees move and that's your signal. follow me. Amen. Set the Lord always before you. Hallelujah. Praise God. &gt;&gt; See that? But other times, he would just go right into battle. But this time, he said, "You got to do it a different way. You got to let me go before you and wait until you see God move." Now, church, that's what you got to do with your relationships. You got to wait till God opens up a relationship. Right? You don't rush into it. It's just like uh it's just like uh Rebecca, right? Right. What what did uh Elazar pray? Lord, have the woman who comes out with water and gives me water and the camel's water, have that be the woman. Go before me. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; See, he waited. He prayed and he asked God. And the Bible said the angel Lord went before Eleazar to prepare Rebecca's heart. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. How many enjoying the word so far? Have I have I lost anybody? I hope it's not too difficult here. This one's not very deep. Amen. which is good. We need some uh some easy to understand uh messages. Now, in every season of life in 2026 brings set Jesus before you. Now, church, there's going to be a lot of things happen in 2026, just like last year. Now, you might have a year of rest this year, that would be wonderful where not many bad things happen like the Bible said. There's kings that had rest. Or it might be a battle or a year filled of lots of battles. We'll see how it goes, right? But we got to be ready. We got to set the Lord before us because remember, brother Chris, have you seen this? There's 14 different seasons that of life that you go through, okay? Uh Solomon wrote about it. To everything, there's a season to a time to every purpose under the heaven. There's a time to be born, a time to die. My uncle just passed away uh a couple days ago, so I'm going to his funeral on Saturday. He was 63 years old. Simon tried to witness to him. Um, but it was his time to pass. There's a time to plant and a time to pluck up that which is planted. A time to kill, a time to heal, a time to break down, a time to build up. A time to weep and there's a time to laugh. A time to mourn and there's a time to dance. I like that one. I had my dance time on Sunday. There's a time to cast away stones, but there's a time to gather up stones together. There's a time to embrace and a time to refrain from embracing. There's a time to get and then there's a time to lose. A time to keep and a time to cast away. There's a time to rend. There's a time to sew. There's a time to keep silence and there's a time to speak. There's a time to love and a time to hate. A time of war and a time of peace. What profit hath he that workketh in that wherein he labth? I have seen the travail which God given to the sons of men to be exercised in it. I love this. He hath made everything beautiful in his time. &gt;&gt; Now church, can you look back? Hopefully you can look back at 2025 and said, "God made some of those things beautiful in his time. I went through trials, but God brought me through the trials. &gt;&gt; I didn't think I didn't think I'd make it through that one, but God brought me through it by God's grace." Amen. Hallelujah. He also has set the world in their heart so that no man can find out the work that God maketh from the beginning to the end. I know that there's no good in them, but for a man to rejoice and to do good in his life, and also that every man should eat and drink and enjoy the good of all his labor, it is the gift of God. And brother says this, brother said, "This verse proves the keystone of the Bible that God is unchanging and so are his ways." This is one of the verses along with Hebrews 13:8. I know that whatsoever God doeth, it shall be forever. Nothing can be put to it nor anything can be taken from it. In other words, God has a certain plan for your life and you can't change it. Let's just agree with God's plan for our lives. &gt;&gt; And God doeth it that men should fear before him. So what is God trying to do in your life? God's trying to get you to fear the Lord. &gt;&gt; Remember the fear of the Lord series we preached on? The fear of the Lord is so important to fear God. A brother uh a brother from overseas emailed me yesterday. He's like, "I'm having trouble overcoming porn. What should I do?" I said, "Brother, fear the Lord. Fear God." Because when you fear God, you'll hate evil. And the Bible said you'll depart from evil. &gt;&gt; See, he thinks God is just playing around up there in heaven and and think you God's going to let you get away with that. God won't let you get away with that. &gt;&gt; Anything you do, you'll suffer for and pay for it. That's right. But you can still be a child of God if you repent. &gt;&gt; Right. David's the example, right, with adultery and murder. So God wants us to fear the Lord. Now, I want you to think just for a moment. Think about some of the sermons God set before us in 2025. I went through church. I preached 21 sermons on Corinthians. Eight on the spirit of burning. Six on angels. Five on we wrestle not against flesh and blood. Five on the masterpiece. Four on God hiding himself in simplicity. Three on we have thus sayaith the Lord. Three on a prophet's love for the word of God. Three on David's battle against iniquity. Three on the Lord's awakened or the Lord awakened in David's generation. Two on Job heard but then he saw the Lord. Two on the home church. And two on what is blasphemy of the Holy Ghost. and then 20 other single sermons. Hallelujah. So these are some of the scriptures God gave us to prepare us for 2025. And look, you made it through. Amen. Hallelujah. Also preached on the VA United States and uh we just looked at the uh uh we looked at the water in the blood. Hallelujah. All these uh different there there's 20 others that preach that I felt led to preach and I trust they strengthen you. Hallelujah. I I trust that you were able to overcome and wrestle against Satan and get the victory. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. So I wonder what God will give us for 2026. Now brother Ram said you might backslide but your life is hid in Christ. Hallelujah. And brother Ram now brother Ram says this. You backslide in your thinking every day. &gt;&gt; Right? That's why the Bible said transform your mind every single day. How am I doing on time now? Okay. Oh 30 minutes. Okay. Let me set a timer. I don't want to be about an hour because I want to hear the saints and their testimonies. I love this quote. Brother Simon used this quote and I think brother Cam used a quote last time they were here. Now you say, "Well, can't we backslide?" Absolutely. And when you back backslide, look what he says. You're going to get it. Don't worry. In other words, you're going to get spanked. When you backslide, right? When you make us a sin like iniquity, you knew you should not have did it, but you did it anyway. You're going to get it. Abraham got it and the rest of them got it and you'll get it. Don't Don't you think it gives you a right to sin? It doesn't. You'll pay for everything that you do. In other words, you'll suffer, right? Or you'll be afflicted. I'm going to preach a sermon on that. Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord deliverth him out of them all. Hallelujah. You'll reap what you sow. You do one little sin and you'll reap a whole wash tub full. &gt;&gt; That's right. That's exactly right. Because most time it's iniquity. Most time we know better. That's right. But brother, that don't mean to say you're lost. That's exactly right. Abraham reaped exactly what he sowed. That's right. But he was still saved. Hallelujah. The covenant that God made with Israel, they lost their inheritage. They lost the promised land and went down into Egypt. But they hadn't lost their covenant. Amen. God said, "I remember my promise to Abraham. I remember I've come down to deliver my people. Go down there." Moses and tell Pharaoh I said let my people go I remember I made a promise to Abraham and to his seed that's the same thing let's all say same thing ready same thing it is with us so if you are dead and your life is hidden God through Christ there's not nothing in the world can touch you in other words you can't be lost now you might go and do wrong but if you're really truly a child of God and you see you made a mistake you'll rise and try again &gt;&gt; that's right and you'll not lay there. Hallelujah. And brother, I forgot to add this quote. Brother Ram said, "I like a man who gets up and goes at it." See, we don't want to lay down and get discouraged and depressed and and all these things. We want to get up and do the will of God, don't we? &gt;&gt; Don't lay there. If you made a mistake, get up and make make the mistake, right? &gt;&gt; Confess your sin to whoever you have to confess it to or confess it to God. Get up, get in prayer, get in the Bible, go listen to sermon, go do something. Get up and change your atmosphere. Hallelujah. Put the Lord before your face. Now church, the sad part is sometimes we let Satan say before our face, "Oh, look what you did. Look what you did. Oh, you you should be ashamed of yourselves. You'll never be forgiven. God can never forgive you. You should take his face and cast it down." Amen. Right. AND PUT THE LORD BEFORE your face. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's what the Bible says. Bible said, "Cast out anything that exalts itself against the word of God. So, I love that quote. You're going to pay for everything you do, but that doesn't mean you're lost. Now, Chris and I read this this week at Bible study or last week. David reaped what he sowed. Remember, because of what David did with Basheba, he had four sons that died because he said the man that took that the rich man that took the poor man's lamb, he'll restore him fourfold. Four lambs. And so because David judged that, God took four of his sons. And what did, and this is so beautiful. Somebody used this the other day and I like I was like, "Oh man, this is perfect. Judge not that you be not judged. For with what judgment you judge, you shall be judged." Now church, we better be careful. The exact way David judged himself, that's what God did to him. That's why I don't want to judge these tape worshippers too harshly. I want to say, well, maybe I don't see how they can have the Holy Ghost, but hopefully they can be saved and hopefully they'll repent of their idolatry. But see, if I was if I was just letting anything fly with my words and just condemning all these things, the very way I judge them, that's how God would judge me if I did something similar. That's why the Bible said this next verse, blessed are the what? Merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. The church said, "Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after the righteous, they shall be filled." We got to hunger more to know God, to know the word. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. Now, David was this too. David was pure because as soon as Nathan told him, he repented. &gt;&gt; He went to the temple. He laid on his face. Remember, all the servants like, "What's he going to do if he's laying like that? What's it going to happen when he when the boy dies, right?" Right? But he got up and changed his clothes and worshiped. See? So church, however you judge others, that's how God's going to judge you. So let's be merciful to others. Right now, this is the one I read with brother uh Chris at Bible study. Remember last Friday, brother Chris? Now, this this was fresh to me. I' I'd forgotten about this. When this is when Abselon took over the kingdom. Now, church, Abselon was a wicked man. He slept with 10 concubines of his dad's. What kind of spirit do you have to do or to have to do that? And then remember a hyhel was trying to tell him, you know, you should kill or no, yeah, you you should kill your dad. And Abselon agreed. He wanted his dad to be killed, right? And then remember he he let his hair grow too long. It was so handsome and thick. That was what caught him in the tree branch. Just like Satan. So beautiful, so handsome, right? that that pride the pride of being so beautiful and handsome and all these things it actually led to his death. Remember Joab took two arrows and stuck struck him through his heart. But I forgot about this. When David had left Jerusalem, a man came out of the house of Saul who was Shim Shimi. I'll just say Shemi, the son of Gir. And he co came forth and cursed still as he came. Now look at this church. He cast stones at David. Stones. He's throwing stones at David and at all the servants of King David and all the people and all the mighty men were on his right hand on his left. And thus said Shmiah when he cursed, "Come out, come out, thou bloody man, thou man of the devil." Bel Bile. Now look what he's doing. He's cursing him in the name of Bile. Like you're a devil. And he says, "The Lord hath returned upon thee all the blood of the house of Saul, in whosestead thouast reigned. And the Lord had delivered the kingdom into the hand of Abselon thy son. And behold, thou art taken in thy mischief because thou art a bloody man. In other words, you're reaping what you sowed. And he's throwing physical rocks at him. Right now, I I left out the verse. One of the mighty men comes up and says, "David, let me go take that head off of that dead dog." Right? He's cursing you. He's cursing us. Let me go take his head off. What does David say? He says, "What have I to do with you, you sons of Zariah? So let him curse because the Lord has said to him curse David." What? God church believers can be under temporary curses, but not eternal. Right? And what I mean by is eternal, eternal separation from God. Yes, the sinners will eventually cease to exist, but they're still separated from God for eternity. whatever they whatever they're annihilated to, right? Because the Bible says they're under eternal judgment. That judgment will last eternally. Look, he said the Lord told him, "Well, then who shall say, wherefore hast thou done so?" And David said to Abishai and all his servants, "Behold, my son, which came forth of my bow, seeketh my life, how much more now may this Benjamin do it?" Let him alone and let him curse. The Lord hath been him. God told him to do that. &gt;&gt; Yes. Cuz like brother Ram said, if you make a sin, Brother Ram said, you'll pay for every bit of it. &gt;&gt; He said, you do one sin, he said you'll get a wash tub full or a bathtub full of consequences. &gt;&gt; See, church, that's why you keep your body pure sexually. Keep your words merciful. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Right? Whatever Whatever uh whatever the That's why you don't go after riches and try to get rich and sell out the church just to get rich. Whatever you sow, that's what you're gonna reap. &gt;&gt; Now look, now look, even in this, David saw God's mercy. Oh church, let's let's thank God for his mercy tonight. Praise God. Even though he knew God was cursing him and that these people were going to die, it may be that the Lord will look upon my affliction and that the Lord will requite me good for his cursing this day. So in other words, God might turn this curse into a blessing. And God did. God turned this into a blessing, right? Because it wasn't long till David, he's crying, leaving Jerusalem, but it isn't long till he gets to go back and the people receive him back. So God turned this cursing, God turned the trial into a blessing. &gt;&gt; But did he still get stones thrown at him, Eden? Imagine stones like, "Oh, no, don't hit me." And then he's cursing him and say, "You're a child of the devil. You're a child of Bile." And David was like, "God told him to do that." God's reminding him, "Your sins have consequences." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That striking. It struck me, Brother Chris. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He Yeah. He had removed from Jerusalem. Yeah. He left Jerusalem. So, he was kicked out of the Well, he actually forfeited his uh palace, right? Right. And then his four sons died. Uh there was other things that took Oh, yeah. His Yeah. his 10 his 10 concubines. He left them there to just clean the house and keep the palace, but then he had to put them away and then he could never know them anymore. So he lost basically lost 10 wives. All right. Now, so but even in this he said it maybe right and and that's what remember David said it may be that God will heal the child from Basheba. remember that. &gt;&gt; So look, he always believed in grace. God help us to believe in grace. Hallelujah. THERE'S A CHANCE GOD COULD SHOW ME GRACE. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Verse 13. And as David and his men went up by the way, Shmai went along the hillside over against him and cursed as he went and threw stones at him and cast dust. Imagine you're walking along and you're getting dust all over you and getting hit with rocks like, "Oh man, all because of your sin. you. In other words, I deserve this. David could have said, "I deserve stones at me. I I deserve cursing. I deserve all this because I committed adultery and I murdered. I deserve this." And he said, "But maybe God can turn it around for a blessing." My goodness. Hallelujah. Oh yeah. Then the church, look at this. It's not long and the king and all the people that were with him came weary and refreshed themselves there. So right after this they get refreshed and they get encouraged. It's it's so hard to understand, right? God will bring all the cursing reminding them, look what you did. Don't forget what you did. But then God will refresh them and say keep keep pressing the battles. Hallelujah. God knows how to encourage his servants. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He knows how to humble them and he knows how to encourage them. And remember in the New Testament, remember there are curses. Remember we saw that in communion in 1 Corinthians 11. Many are weak, sick, and dead because they didn't rightly divide the body of Christ. Right? So, we know that that that curse, that temporary curse, that's Old Testament and that's New Testament. I'm almost uh see am I almost done? I'm at 30. Yeah, I'm almost done. Okay. Yes. Okay. Yeah, I'm almost done. Now, I'm closing with this thought. It's about seven slides, so bear with me here. Brother Ram says, "If you went somewhere without Jesus," other words, you didn't set Jesus before your face, he said, "Go back where you left him." Oh, God help us. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Now, there's three examples. Joseph and Mary, right? They go back to Jerusalem to find Jesus because they left without Jesus. Brother, there's one in uh Brother Chris. There's one in uh Abraham. When the famine came in, the promised land, Abraham left, right? He left the promised land, went down to Egypt. But the Bible says when he come back, he come right back to the same altar that he left. So this shows when you leave God, you got to come back right where you left him. &gt;&gt; In other words, you got to remember what sin did I commit where I fell away from God. &gt;&gt; Yeah, brother. Yes. Exactly right. Yeah. Give them two claps. That's right. So I was thinking brother Austin too. Now remember my testimony. Remember in fifth grade I left God through worldly music. And where did God bring me back? Through Cam's car. I was listening to Christian music. So I had to come back where I left God. I left God when I was uh 11 years old. And I come back when I was 19. And God brought me back the same way I left music. Music started changing my heart. I remember I started listening to that song. One of these days I'm going to see the hands that took the nails from me. Hallelujah. And that's a song that started breaking my heart down. Like, maybe I should be a Christian like Cam. Maybe this music is pretty pretty nice. I mean, listen to that rock and roll and AC/DC all those years, you know, and all the rap music and nonsense. When I heard this sweet music, it brought tears to my eyes. One of these days, I'm going to see the hands that took the nails from me. That softened my heart. Now, the other example is beautiful. Peter left Jesus on the night he was arrested. He was at a fire and he said, "I don't know Jesus. I don't know Jesus." Right? But how did Peter How did Peter make that right? He had to come back to the fire there at the Sea of Galilee after the resurrection. Right? And Jesus appears and uh they say, "Are Jesus, if this is you, let's eat some uh eat some bread and some fish." And they cook some fish and they give it to him. And Jesus asks him, "Peter, do you love me?" Where did he ask him that? Right by a fire. So the same place he Peter left Jesus at a fire is the same place he had to come back to to make it right. So brother that works for you Akan. Come back to Akan. That works for Austin. For me it's come back through the music. That's where I left God. Hallelujah. And church. Now what do we do now? Now what do you do now? You always set Jesus before you go driving for Uber, right? Before I go back to the school, I'm going to set Jesus before my face because I don't want to leave him behind. I want him to go with me. I always set the Lord I want to always set the Lord before my face. Now this I'm closing with this. This is the last quote. It's about six slides here. Now you find out that's what happens. But there's only one real way to find Jesus. Then if she Mary couldn't find him among the kin folk, she went back to where she left him, Jerusalem. Now here's a nice story. I think you might like this one. Reminds me of a chaplain sometime at the Second World War, so World War II. He was telling me that he was machined. He went to a man that was a machine gunned and they told him he was dying. He'd been shot through the chest with a machine gun, many bullets. And he said, "The man's dying." And the chaplain went to him to see him. And he was a chaplain. And he walked in the tent and said, "Chaplap, are you a Christian?" I'm sorry, captain. Are you a Christian? He said, "Well, I once was a Christian." He said, "Then what happened?" Now remember, this man's full of bullets and he's dying. And the chaplain says, "What do you mean? What happened?" "I just don't remember how it started." And he looked at his chart and he seen he was given about three to five minutes to live. So the captain knows I'm dying. And the good part of that time was already spent. How little do we know? But a lot of our time's already spent, too. Hallelujah. And the chaplain said to the captain, he said, "Captain, where did you leave him at?" And he said, "I just can't remember right now." So look at this. He's like, "You were a Christian, but you're not anymore. Where'd you leave him?" &gt;&gt; See, but if he was a believer, Jesus would have been right with him right there. &gt;&gt; He said, "You better hurry up. You haven't got much time to get back down the road to where you left him." He said, "Everywhere you left him, then go right there and begin and you'll find him." And the chaplain said that he waited a few moments with the Bible in his hand to hear what the captain would say. And he kept thinking and thinking and his struggles as the blood was filling up in his lungs. And after a while a great smile come on his face and tears rolled down his cheeks. He said, "Oh, I remember." He said, "Start there, captain. Quickly." And the captain said, "Now I lay me down to sleep." He's, this is his prayer as a child. I pray the Lord my soul to keep. And if I should die before I wake, I pray the Lord my soul to take. He turned his head and was gone. Hallelujah. Sound familiar? Like the thief on the cross. Remember me when you come into your kingdom. &gt;&gt; Lord, if I die, you keep my soul. I don't want to go to hell. Lord, you keep my soul. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And where did he find him? In his high school experience, in his training of psychology and man, in his creed, in his church? No. Where he had Where did he find him? At the cradle. In other words, when he was a little baby or I'm sorry, a young child, that's where he left him and that's where Jesus was waiting for him. In other words, you got to go back in your mind. When did I uh what was the root? What was the start of my sin? Where did I leave Jesus? I got to go back there. Maybe it's when I took a puff of the cigarette, right? Or maybe it's when I clicked on that website I should not have clicked on. Or maybe it's when I lost my anger and I sent this evil word to my friend or my coworker and that was weeks ago, that was months ago, that was years ago. Wherever you left him, you got to go back there and confess your sin and make it right with God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Yes, brother. Right. There there might not have been a leaving. Yes. So here's a man who is a backslidance. This story is about backsliding. Good brother. Great question. Give it to Glad. That's a great question, brother. Good question. Yes. Very good. Yep. Because remember, brother, this is a story about backsliding. He says, "We'll never find Jesus by going back to the beginning of Baptistism, back to the beginning of Methodistism or Catholicism. will only find Jesus when you go back to Pentecost. Amen. The beginning, not the denomination now, but the real Pentecostal experience. How many had it? Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Glory. He said, "But we left him at Pentecost. The Methodists left him at Pentecost. The Baptist left him at Pentecost. The Catholic left him at Pentecost. The Amish, I gota share this with my Amish brothers. The Amish left him at Pentecost. The brother left him at Pentecost. I'm sorry. The Assemblies of God, where I was raised, left him at Pentecost. The United Church left him at Pentecost. I'll say like this. Some of the message churches left him at Pentecost. &gt;&gt; That's right, brother. That's right, saints. &gt;&gt; That's where he began. Oh, God, help us to drive this home to every heart. It's my last This is my last quote here. We cannot find him in our creeds. Now, we know this. We cannot find him in our denominations. We've got to find him back where we left him. You say, "Well, Brother Ram, I tell you what I've done. I've danced in the spirit. I know I've got it." But Abraham said, "It wasn't so from the beginning." In other words, dancing isn't proof you're saved. &gt;&gt; Anybody can dance, &gt;&gt; right? Well, I spoke with tongues, so I know I've got it. It wasn't so from the beginning, right? You say, "Well, I shouted I and I got it." It wasn't so. Shouting is not the evidence of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; I love this. To know Christ is to know the person of Christ in what, church? In the forgiveness of your sins. And I love this. And so forth. I'm sorry. And it changes your life. &gt;&gt; How many glad he's changed your life? Amen. &gt;&gt; Like I told I told my son Zion, I said, "When I was in even when I was in the denominational church, I would go to church for an hour at the chapel and then I'd spend the next six hours watching football and basketball all day and I chew tobacco and I'd probably do I'd probably say things I shouldn't do." Like, was that really a life that's worthy of the gospel? No. I wasted so much time. I gave God one hour, two hours, and I give the world six or seven hours or some nonsense like that. That's not a life that's worthy of the gospel. &gt;&gt; It my life really wasn't changed. But once I came this message, I saw these brothers like Dave Llewellyn, Brother Craig, Brother Simon, Brother Brooks living such a godly life. And from that time, my life started changing. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I mean, the the denominations changed my life a little bit, Brother Chris. But when I came to this message, everything changed. The Bible became a new Bible. Oh, the sermons are a joy to listen to. Like, I learned so much. Hallelujah. Reading the church age book. And I'm actually in chapter four of the church age book right now. Oh, it's such a blessing. If you haven't read that, church, you need to read that. Amen. I got free copies out there for you if you want them by God's grace. Oh my. I just read every I just read four pages every day. And if I miss a day, I don't say, "God, I'm condemned." Somebody say, "I'll do four tomorrow." Just pick up where you left off. Amen. Keep that word in your mind. Keep it right there at the forefront of your mind. Brother said, "I've seen people dance, shout, speak with tongues, so forth, and live any kind of a sinful life." &gt;&gt; So, that couldn't be right. I've seen them join churches, shake hands, baptize, go through all kinds of creeds, still live like the devil. It wasn't so at the beginning. to meet him the person the Lord Jesus to know him as your own savior to know him as your lover to know him is life but all these creeds and things never at the beginning was ever witnessed by our Lord let's stand to our feet by God's grace how many enjoyed the word tonight &gt;&gt; amen I have set the Lord always before my face can come we'll sing a few songs and see if there's prayer and if and if not then we'll move to uh testimonies
