################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-04 - (1-4-26) The Greatest, Yet The Least - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-04
Title:    (1-4-26) The Greatest, Yet The Least - Jesse Smith
Speaker:  Jesse Smith
Church:   Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 20m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlBlM8pf1jM
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
verse 11. I'd like to preach on John the Baptist today by God's grace. My title is the greatest yet the least. I'd like to preach that today. The greatest yet the least. always been a puzzling scripture. Uh I guess to me like I shared uh last week with uh the scripture and the story about uh how the bride was taken out of Jesus at Calvary. That was always a puzzling thing to me. Uh, then God opened it up and I feel like today this has opened up to me as well. So I trust it be a blessing to you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Matthew 11. The greatest yet the least. Hallelujah. Let's all read verse 11. Ready? 1 2 3. Verily I say unto you, among them that are born of women, there hath not risen a greater than John the Baptist. Notwithstanding, he that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he. Let's have one more word of prayer. If you have a need on your heart, let's make it known unto God here. Father God, we're grateful for today. We love you, Lord God. We give you honor and praise. We worship you today. We sang the songs of Zion, Lord God. We've sang the songs of the new Jerusalem, Lord God, until we get a new song. We'll keep singing these songs, Lord God, because they're glorious songs, truths, Lord, that we want to sing and remember how we have victory in Jesus by the blood of Jesus Christ. Thank you, Lord God, for the victory today. I pray you give the church victory today, Lord God. Hallelujah. Lord, I pray also for healing of our bodies, Lord. For those that are not here, Lord God, strength for our minds, Lord God, to cast down anything that exalts itself against the word of God. Hallelujah. We love you, Lord God. We worship you today. Help me to get aside that you might speak. Faith comes by hearing. Hearing by the word of God. There's only one way to pep up or stir up the church. That's through the hearing of the word. So may we hear your word and then may we believe your word. Lord God, I pray you bless this service here today in Jesus Christ's name. And the saints said, "Amen." God bless you as you're being seated. The greatest yet the least. Now, to begin with, I don't think any of us are ever going to say, "We're greater than John the Baptist." Hallelujah. So, this sermon is not to make anybody feel like they should say, "I'm greater than the Old Testament people. I'm greater." We know people that call themselves the greatest are likely under a spirit of pride and delusion. But we are trying to understand what did Jesus mean when he said, "Uh, those that are least in the kingdom are greater than John the Baptist." Well, of course, it deals with the blood of Jesus Christ because when John the Baptist was on the earth, the blood of Jesus Christ had not been shed yet. Hallelujah. So, that kind of gives you a clue where I'm going. Hallelujah. Hopefully, that's helpful by God's grace. Now, I just want to read a quote. This goes along with what Brother Simon preached a couple weeks ago. I found this this morning and I shared it with brother Simon. Brother Bram said, "You can't help being what you are. Even if you're a sinner, you're not responsible for being a sinner. Now, does that strike anybody? Right. Brother Simon showed us the quotes where brother Ram said, "You were trapped in it." How many were trapped into sin? &gt;&gt; Now, did anybody ask to be a sinner when you were born? Did anybody ask to be a sinner? No, you already were. So, see, you were trapped into this or you couldn't help being what you were. And brother Ram said, "You're only responsible for remaining a sinner. There is a way prepared for you. But to be a sinner, you was born that way. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now, brother says, God doesn't send you to hell for being a sinner. God sends you to hell because you won't repent and take Christ as your savior. Now, who's repented? And who's taking Christ as their savior? Amen. &gt;&gt; You are going to heaven. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Because that's all you that's all you have to do. That God doesn't hold you responsible for your sins. He just holds you responsible for repenting and believing in Jesus Christ. He said some people refuse to take the right road. He said he said you send yourself to torment. You send your own soul to its eternal destination upon the free moral agency of your own convictions. God doesn't send anyone to hell. Never did and he never will. Men send themselves to hell because they refuse to accept the way of salvation. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; All right. Does that help? By God's grace. &gt;&gt; Remember that message? Brother Bo, Simon preached, the sinless bride. This is why you're sinless because you were just trapped into it or you just put in that position. And all you got to do is repent of that. And the Bible said, "God will remember your sins and iniquities no more." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Jesus took the curse for you. Okay. Now, I want to get into my text here. And I'm gonna set a timer here so I can I don't have to ask uh Lydia how long I've been preaching here by God's grace. So our text was Matthew 11:11. I want you to notice uh Jesus compares John to all the Old Testament saints. Adam, Abel, we'd say Eve, right? Enoch, Noah, Abraham, Moses, Elijah, Elisha, David, Solomon, even Daniel. these mighty men and women of God, we'd say, but I want you to notice the words he uses born of women. So, this is different. Jesus is not saying those who are born of the spirit. He's saying those that are born of women. Hallelujah. So, that's our first clue, right? Jesus is talking about people in the Old Testament that could not be born again of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And John's greatness is measured before the cross, not after the cross. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We've heard recently what the blood of Jesus Christ does. It forgives all your trespasses. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Who shall lay any charge to God's elect. It's God that justifies. The Bible said when Jesus rose, he justified you. He declared you righteous already. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. So John was before the cross. Now all of us here, we're after the cross. So that's our foundation. Now I want to start. I got like I think I have 15 points. That might seem like a lot and I may not read all the verses, but I just want to show at least 15 reasons why John the Baptist was greater than Moses. Think of it. Greater than Abraham. Abraham is called the friend of God. Hallelujah. And John the Baptist is still greater than Abraham. Abraham lived 175 years. Who knows how many years did John live? About 30, maybe 30 and 30 and a half. That's it. In 30 years, John did more than Abraham did in 175 years. Hallelujah. He did more than Moses did in 120 years. But think about this. He did more than Adam in over what? How many 900 years did Adam do? Hallelujah church. Let's take that into consideration. Jesus is making a great declaration here. Now the first reason if you got your Bible is Matthew 119 and 10. Here's the first reason Jesus said John is greater. But what you went out to see, I'm sorry, for to see a prophet. Yay, I say unto you, he was more than a prophet. &gt;&gt; So all the other brothers we just read out, right? Abraham, Moses, Daniel, they were prophets. But John was more than that. &gt;&gt; He was a messenger. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Because he says in the next verse, "For this is he of whom it is written, behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee." Now remember, according to Numbers 12, a prophet is someone who God makes himself known to in dreams and visions. And then according to Deuteronomy 18, he tells the prophet or prophetist to foretell things that are going to happen in his name and they come to pass. &gt;&gt; But this is greater. John's messenger ministry was greater than those things. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. church. The word prepare in the Greek means to furnish or equip or make ready of builders like Malachi to construct, erect. Uh the idea of adorning and equipping with all things necessary. So John's preaching got everything ready, everything built in order for the Messiah to come and do his ministry. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now, who knows what was John's preaching message? Repentance. Hallelujah. So, it's amazing. All those prophets had great great powerful ministries. Think of this. Who knows how many uh miracles did Elisha have? 16. How many did Elijah have? Eight. Good. Got some good Bible memory there. Hallelujah. How many miracles did John the Baptist have? Zero. So, see, greatness is not measured in how many miracles you have. Greatness is seen in your Christlike character. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now, don't don't get me wrong. We want miracles. I pray for miracles. I'm with our prayer list here. We're praying for miracles. We're we're believing. But, Brother Ram also says the greatest miracle is somebody getting saved. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You no longer love the world. Now you hate the world. And now you love Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. So John got everybody ready as a messenger. He erected the spiritual building. Hallelujah. He got everybody adorned and equipped with everything needed to accept the ministry of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. He was more than a prophet. He was a messenger. Praise God. The second reason, John simply did not predict about the Messiah. John introduced the Messiah. &gt;&gt; Everybody else said, "He's coming someday. He's coming some someday." But John looked at him and SAID, "BEHOLD THE LAMB OF GOD. HE'S HERE." HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; AMEN. And that's what brother M said, why he was the greatest. Everybody else said, "Someday he's coming, brother Chris. Someday he'll get here." But John said, "HE IS HERE." HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; That's the second reason. And that was uh also found in Malachi 3:1. Behold, I will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the way before me, and the Lord whom ye seek shall suddenly come to his temple, even the messenger of the covenant, whom ye delight in. Hallelujah. Behold, he shall come, sayeth the Lord of hosts. So, I believe this is speaking of John the Baptist as the messenger of the covenant if I'm not mistaken. Or it might be the Lord Jesus because the Bible said he was more than a prophet. He was a messenger. Hallelujah. But we still get the idea here, church, that John did something nobody else ever did. And church, I'll say like this. He just didn't point to him. He got to hold the lamb of God. Amen. Hallelujah. They just predicted, but he got to say, "He's here." And he said, "Let me hold you. Let me baptize you in the water as well. It becometh me to fulfill all righteousness. I got to touch God in flesh. I got to touch Emmanuel. I got to baptize him. And then I got to see the spirit descend and remain on him." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Nobody else got to see that. Nobody else got to to see the Messiah. Abraham did it. Now, Job saw it in advance. Hallelujah. They all saw it in advance. The wheel in the middle of the wheel. We all looked at that Enoch. He'll come with 10,000 of his saints. Hallelujah. They're they all got to see a pattern of him or a vision of him. But John said, "This is him." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'm not prophesying of him. I'm telling you, he's here and I I held him. I baptized him. Jesus is here. The Messiah is here. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Brother Bam said, "Why was he called?" He's brother said, "Why? There's never been a man born among women as great as he because all the other prophets spoke of him, but John introduced him to the world. Behold the lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world. Hallelujah. So now you got two reasons. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, there's so many beautiful verses. As I was studying last night and today, I'm like, my this there's so much on John the Baptist. kind of overwhelmed me a little bit, but I said, "Lord, just help me to get enough so the people can catch it." Hallelujah. And at the end, you'll see why. It's it's not it's not just to know about John the Baptist. It's so that you can have the same Christlike character as John the Baptist. Point three, John was a light to bear witness of the greater light. So, John was like the moon. Jesus is like the sun. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. How many know that you don't have any light of your own? &gt;&gt; You're like, you and I are like the moon. We don't have any light of oursel. God has to share his light with us for us to have any light. &gt;&gt; Now, that's in the Bible. John 1 verse 6, there was a man sent from God whose name was John. The same came for a witness to bear witness of the light that all men through him might believe. So, John was sent to be a witness that Jesus is the light. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Isn't that what brother Brandon was sent to do? Amen. Brother was sent to say, "Look to Jesus." Hallelujah. I'm here to give you a true relationship between God and man. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's right. Verse eight. And he was not that light. Speaking of the great light, but he was sent to bear witness of that light, just like of the moon bears witness of the light of the sun. That was the true light which lightth every man that cometh into the world. Amen. The light of God gives every man their physical life or their spiritual life. But Jesus is the true light. Now John is a lesser light as I said because in John 5:33 Jesus says, "Ye sent unto John and he bear witness of the truth, but I receive not the testimony from man, but these things I say that you might be saved." What does Jesus say in verse 35? He was a burning and what? Shining light. So John was a lesser light. We say like a candle. Now, a candle's bright, but a candle's nothing compared to the sun. Everybody understand that? By God's grace, &gt;&gt; the moon is bright, but it's nothing compared to the sun. &gt;&gt; So, John was a burning light. And church, you and I are burning lights as well. In your schools, you're a burning light. Hallelujah. Right in your family, on your job, you and I are to be burning lights for the season that God called us to live. and you were willing for a season to rejoice in his life. See, the preaching ought to make you rejoice &gt;&gt; because we're preaching about Jesus Christ, not about me, not about brother Brandham. We're preaching about Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. That ought to make you rejoice. IT OUGHT TO MAKE YOU HAPPY BECAUSE THE BLOOD OF JESUS CHRIST separates you from all sin and then says, "NOTHING CAN SEPARATE YOU AND I from the love of God." &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise God. Look at verse 36. But I have a greater witness than that of John. For the works which the father hath given me to finish, the same works that I do bear witness of me that the father sent me. So now Jesus says, "My miracles are so great as well. I have a greater witness than John." Right? Miracles don't save. We know that miracles don't even make you great. But Jesus said, "I have such great miracles." The Bible said you probably couldn't even have enough books to explain all the miracles of Jesus. That's how many miracles he did. So, he was a we'd say a miracle machine. Hallelujah. I'll say it as reverently as possible. He was a miracle machine. Miracles all the time. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, we've gone through three. Now, here's four and five. The fourth reason he was greater is because he was under a partial Nazerite vow. No alcohol. And fifth, he was filled with the Holy Ghost from his mother's womb. Okay. Luke 1:15, for he shall be great in the sight of the Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink, and he should be filled with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother's womb. Now, think about that. He didn't have any alcohol touch his lips. That made him more consecrated or dedicated to God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; All right. Now, that's found in Numbers 6:2. Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, when either a man or woman shall separate themselves to a vow of a Nazerite, to separate themselves unto the Lord, he shall separate himself from wine and strong drink, and shall drink no vinegar or wine or vinegar of a strong drink, neither shall he drink any liquor of of grapes, nor eat moist grapes or dried. Hallelujah. Now, what did what did Noah do? What was his awful sin? Drunkenness. But see, we can clearly see John the Baptist was greater than that. Hallelujah. So, physically, he didn't let wine go into his body. That made him more dedicated to God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now, you and I should drink wine because Jesus told us to. &gt;&gt; Right? Do this in remembrance until I come. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now, the part about being filled with the Holy Ghost even from his mother's womb, you should remember this, but in John 7, the Bible said the Holy Ghost could not be given until Jesus was glorified. So, how did John have the Holy Ghost if John 7 says you can't have the Holy Ghost? Because John couldn't have it in the soul. He could have it in the human spirit. Okay? There's three parts to man. Body, spirit, soul. John could have it here, but he couldn't have it here. Okay, everybody got that? By God's grace. But it's still true that he had the Holy Ghost in his mind even in the womb. So that tells you the babies in the womb have thinking going on. Now, they can't remember it, but they got it. Hallelujah. Oh my. Now, I want you to catch this here. And I'm I think I I think you'll catch it. In other words, John the Baptist had the second work of grace basically from the womb. What's the first work of grace? Everybody say it out loud. Justification. Good. Good Bible church. What's the second work of grace? Very good. What's the third work of grace? &gt;&gt; Baptism with the Holy Ghost. Filled with the Holy Ghost. Very good. So John had a if his mind was filled with the Holy Ghost, then it's as if he already had the second work of grace. What is the second work of grace? Sanctification. Uh Ezekiel called it a new heart and a new spirit. So he called it a new spirit. So think about this church. His spirit was already his mind was already consecrated to God. In other words, brother Chris, he was ready to o overcome all those mind battles. He came out of the womb overcoming mind battles. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Because he already WAS FILLED WITH THE HOLY GHOST IN HIS THOUGHTS. YEAH. &gt;&gt; NOW, we get saved, brother Chris, you and I, Jose, we all get saved AND WE GOT TO STRUGGLE for a long time to get our thoughts right. Just get THEM RIGHT. BUT JOHN ALREADY had his thoughts right. &gt;&gt; That's why he's greater than all the other ones because he had it from the womb. &gt;&gt; Now, Brother Ram just gives a a simple definition like this. Brother Ram says, "Sanctification sets our minds in order for holiness." Now, we all as brothers and sisters, we had to learn how to get our mind on holiness. John already had the anointing to do it. Brother Brandham also described sanctification as this. It sets the heart, the mind of the heart in order for holiness and it cleanses your mind. How many know you had a dirty mind before you got saved? &gt;&gt; John's was already clean. That made him greater than you and I. Well, that I'll say this. That made him greater than us in the spirit, but not the soul. Amen. Hallelujah. Which we're not saying we're greater. It just means we have more power. Kind of getting to my main point. It just means we have more privileges in the New Testament. It doesn't mean you're greater like you should brag. You're not. In other words, let let's put your works against John the Baptist works. Hallelujah. We probably don't want to do that because we'll be ashamed of ourselves. But if it causes something good to happen, then praise God. Amen. We'll get to that in just a moment. Brother Ram said, uh, when a man gets sanctified, it cleanses the desire out of him to want to get drunk and look after women. But John was born with the anointing. No desire to look at women, no desire to get drunk. That's what the Bible says. &gt;&gt; Fill with the Holy Ghost in his mind from the womb. &gt;&gt; So, as John got older, all he thought about is love your parents. Uh, obey your parents. Obey God. Obey God. He wasn't think who can I date out there? I like to who's some beautiful little virgins in Israel. You know, he wasn't thinking about that. &gt;&gt; He wasn't thinking, oh man, that drunk it looks really fun to be drunk. He's just like, I'm I'm going to serve God. I'm going to be holy. My mind's on the things of God. I'm memorizing the word of God. I'm going to be faithful to God. He already had that filling. It was already his MIND WAS ALREADY FILLED WITH THE THINGS OF GOD. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; And church, we struggle sometimes to fill our mind with things of God, &gt;&gt; but he had it. Hallelujah. He already had a clean mind. No desire for women, alcohol. He was anointed in his spirit. Hallelujah. Now church, regarding that wine, I want to say this. Remember the Bible said Jesus came drinking wine. Now, the word wine has different definitions here. Uh Albert Barnes believes the wine that they're talking about when Jesus drank wine uh he believes it wasn't at a very small alcoholic content and I've heard that before and that's what I've always believed too. Albert Barnes said as wine was a common article beverage among the people Jesus drank it. It was the pure juice of the grape and not anything that can be proved it was without fermentation. So that's what Albert Barnes says. The wine Jesus drank had no fermentation in it. It was just the juice of the grape. That's what he believed. So, I'm just trying to understand that by God's grace. Amen. But remember in Matthew 11, let's go back to Matthew 11. Here we see you can have John's approach to ministry versus Jesus's approach and God can have people on different approaches to ministry and both can be right. This might make some of you think a little bit here. Look at Matthew 11:16. But where and two shall I liken this generation? It's like unto children sitting in the markets and calling unto their fellows, saying, "We have piped unto you, and you have not danced." Okay, so there's the first ministry. Children piping, saying, "Dance, everybody dance. Everybody praise the Lord." That's one type of ministry Jesus said. And that was Jesus's ministry. Jesus' ministry was happy, rejoicing, people being healed, people being saved, people being delivered. It was rejoicing, miracles all the time. Hallelujah. But now the other ministry that God was also in was John's ministry. Verse 17. And we have mourned unto you and you have not lamented. So John the Baptist is saying it's time to mourn. IT'S TIME TO FAST. IT'S time to consecrate. Don't drink wine. It's time to humble ourselves before God. And both were equally right. So what does that tell you? There's going to be time. What the Bible say? There's a time to dance and a time to mourn. Everybody catch that? That's a little deeper. And what did Jesus say? For John came neither eating nor drinking, and they say he hath the devil. So the devil will criticize both types of ministry. Well, you think, well, maybe if I fast more, or maybe if I had more miracles, the devil, the devil wouldn't criticize me. Nonsense. HE'S GOING TO CRITICIZE EVERY CHILD OF GOD. &gt;&gt; You just got to overcome the criticism. Silence his criticism and just believe the word. Just dance if you're dancing and just mourn if God's called you to mourn and fast. Verse 19, the son of man came eating and drinking and they say, "Behold, a gluttonous and a wine bibber, a friend of publicans and sinners, but wisdom is justified of her children." Hallelujah. That means the the result of your decisions proves you're either wise or foolish. Hallelujah. So your fasting and praying will produce something and what it produces that's proof whether you did it right or wrong or you're rejoicing, you're dancing, you're praising God. The results of that, how you live after that will prove whether it was the right decision or the wrong decision. Amen. All right, so we're up to five points. Point six and seven, John won many souls to God. And seven, he had the spirit of Elijah. This what made him greater than other other men all men and women in the Old Testament. Luke 1:16. And many of the children of Israel shall he turn to the Lord their God. How many convers John have? Many. Many. How many do we have? Very few. At least that we know of. Look at that. Many. A lot. In other words, a lot of people got saved with no miracles. Hallelujah. Verse 17. And he should go before him in the spirit and power of Elias to turn the hearts of the children, I'm sorry, the fathers to the children and disobedient to the wisdom of the just to make ready a people prepared for the Lord. All right. So he won many souls. Brother Ram thought he won what? Two million souls, brother Jose. Two million. Hallelujah. Amen. That spirit of Elijah. Amen. Hallelujah. But brother Random had the spirit of Elijah just like John. John rebuked Herodiius just like Elijah rebuked Jezebel. John was a man in the wilderness just like Elijah spent time out in the wilderness. So did brother Brandham. Brother Brandham rebuked Marilyn Monroe, Jacleine Kennedy, all the immoral women. Now John spake in the name of the Lord because he said, "I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, prepare ye the way of the Lord." He quoted the scripture and said, "I'm speaking the Lord's words." Hallelujah. And brother Rama of course spoke in the name of the Lord. Elijah spoke in the name of the Lord and it came to pass. And hallelujah uh John the Baptist turns the hearts of the fathers to the children. Amen. And the Bible said Elijah turned the hearts as well when he rebuilt the altar of worship. Hallelujah. He took the remember he took the 12 stones on Mount Carmel and he put them together and the Bible said he turned their hearts back to God. So there we go. Seven points. Here's number eight. He had a complete physical consecration. Luke 1 verse 80. And the child grew and waxed strong in spirit and was in the hotels. No. Did I read that right? He was in the deserts. Now, how many of you would like to go out to the desert and try to survive? Michelle, how old are you, buddy? &gt;&gt; 12. Okay, I think that's the age. Maybe it was nine. Maybe it was nine or 12. John the Baptist went on the wilderness about your age, nine or 12. I'm just going to go out and I'm going to just going to dwell in the wilderness. Good luck for me. Good luck for me. Good luck for you even as an adult. Go try to survive in the wilderness for a few days. And John did that. He was totally consecrated. He said, "I'm leaving the cities. I'm leaving the big the big time and the money. I'm leaving all this behind, the business. I'm leaving everything behind. I'm gonna go consecrate myself unto God out in the desert. Sound familiar? When Jesus got the Holy Ghost, what did he do? He went to the desert. John already had the Holy Ghost right here. Amen. Hallelujah. So, he knew God was calling him out to the desert. Now, notice because he was out in the desert, he stayed away from those denominations. Everybody see that? Hallelujah. And second, all the worldly ambition to make money and buy and sell, he was totally out of that. He didn't have everybody pressure him to be rich and be a millionaire. He was totally separated from that. And this prepared him to be in complete spiritual clarity. In other words, completely focus on his spiritual mission. Church. Hallelujah. So, he was phys physically consecrated to God. Now, remember, Moses went out in the desert, but what he got? He got himself a wife and a couple kids. Did John get a wife and a couple kids? No. Is there anything wrong with that? No. But the B Paul does say you're more uh focused or you're more uh disciplined or consecrated or dedicated to God's purpose if you're single. But it takes a gift to do that, &gt;&gt; right? Takes a gift. In other words, don't try to do it unless you got a gift to do it. That's right. Hallelujah. Now, let me say this because for all the people that skip church uh at like tape churches and stuff and even people that might do it here or other places, I don't know. I'm just saying being out of the wilderness was allowed in the Old Testament, but it's not today because the Bible says, "Gather more as you see that day approaching." Hallelujah. And the proof of that is Jesus was always in the synagogue on the Sabbath. Luke chapter 4, I think it's verse 16. And then Paul said in Hebrews 10, "Gather more as you see that day approaching." And John said, "They went out from us because they're not of us." Yeah, &gt;&gt; I'm not saying God can't call somebody out for a little con time of consecration, but the Holy Ghost will send them right back into the body of Christ because what what did brother Random want to do? Who remembers what brother Ram want to do in standing in the gap? He wanted to leave everybody and just go live up in Colorado and just stomp down from the mountain and say, "Thus say the Lord and then go back." And the Holy Ghost rebuked him for that. He said, "You're not an Old Testament prophet. You're a apostolic prophet. &gt;&gt; You're a New Testament prophet." Everybody got that? Yeah. &gt;&gt; If you want to be I'll say it like this. If you want to be a part of God's family in heaven, how many want to be a part of that? &gt;&gt; Then you got to be a part of God's family right here. &gt;&gt; You can't avoid the body and say, "I don't want to be around anybody in the church. I don't want to be in." That's the wrong That's an isolation spirit from the enemy. Hallelujah. He's trying to get That's like we see in our lives. We see people like my family members. I see them isolated. They won't go to church. And look at their lives. because their lives are a sad life of depression and and guilt and and shame and and unconfessed sin. See, they're sick, but they won't go to the hospital. Amen. Hallelujah. If you're sick, COME TO THE HOUSE OF GOD. I'M NOT TALKING PHYSICALLY. I'M TALKING SPIRITUALLY. PRAISE GOD. &gt;&gt; If you're sick, stay at home till you're well, unless you know God's going to do a miracle. Or else you're just going to spread it amongst the saints. Hallelujah. But you better have a revelation that God's gonna heal you and not spread it to everybody else. Because is that is that helping your brother and sister do good by getting them sick? Is that loving your brother and sister? No, it's not. So most people got a good understanding of that by God's grace. Point number nine is John only preached God's message. In Luke 3:2, Annus and Caiaphas being the high priest, the wordlord came unto John the son of Zacharias in the wilderness. And he came into all the country round about Jordan preaching the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins. So his sermon, brother Chris, every week was repent and God will send away your sins and be baptized. Amen. And then he'd say, there's somebody coming after me that's greater than me. Hallelujah. In other words, he wasn't saying, "Follow me. Make me rich. Uh, get me some seven uh 47 planes and so forth." That's not what he was saying. Build me a mansion. He wasn't saying that. Hallelujah. He was saying, "Repent and get ready. Someone's coming after me. I'm going to baptize you with water, but he's going to baptize you with the Holy Ghost and fire." Now, look at his ministry. Brother Ram said, "Look at the man's ministry." Verse five. Luke 3:5, "Every valley shall be filled, and every mountain and hill shall be brought low, and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough ways shall be made smooth." Imagine that. John's preaching, hallelujah, brought every mountain down. In other words, every prideful person, his preaching brought them down. Every low person that's discouraged and had no hope, he raised them up so they could have hope. Hallelujah. So, see, that's what repentance does when you preach it. It raises up the lowly. Well, God will forgive me, right? It raises up the lowly, but it also brings down the humble and say, "You need to repent of your sins. You're not so righteous. There's none righteous. Know, not one." Hallelujah. I like what he said. I like what John says in six. And all flesh shall see the salvation of God. Amen. All flesh. That's really something. I don't quite understand that actually. Verse seven. Then said he to the multitude that came forth to be baptized of him. Oh generation of vipers, oh my precious congregation. Is that what he said? Oh my dear brothers and sisters, my little lambs. Is that what he said? So would you have went to John's church or not? Or you you would or would you have gone home and complained he was too rough of a preacher? Oh, now we can see. Now we can see which side we'd be on. How many want to be on God's side? &gt;&gt; If God leads the man to preach that there's a bunch of vipers around, then let's say amen to it. Let's make sure we don't have the viper in us. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He said to them all, he didn't say to a small group. He said it before everybody. You generation of vipers, who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come? And what what's the wrath that was going to come? Titus was going to come about 40 years later. The wrath of God, he was going to pour out the wrath of God on Jerusalem for rejecting their own Messiah. And blood ran out of the temple. They killed so many people. It ran down and flowed like streams according to Josephus, not me, according to Josephus, a historian. Verse eight, bring forth therefore fruits worthy of repentance. And begin not to say within yourselves, we have Abraham to our father. For I say unto you that God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham. And now the axe. Brother Ram said he always talked in the terms of a woodsman, snakes, axes, trees, roots. Amen. He didn't talk about uh Hebrew Jewish de I'm sorry, Hebrew definitions. He didn't talk about uh money and riches. He talked in the terms of nature because that's where he lived in nature. The axes laid to the root of every tree. See those high trees? They're going to be cut down. Everything high was going to be brought down. Every tree therefore which bringeth not forth good fruit is heuned down and cast into the fire the lost. And the people asked him, saying, "What shall we do then?" Now, here's what most of us need to do. Look at Luke 3:1. He answered and saith unto them, "He that hath two coats, let him impart to him that hath none." In other words, if somebody needs warmth, help them out. Notice he didn't say give them cash. &gt;&gt; You see these people begging, give them what they have need of. What do you need? Water, food. What do you need? Give them what they need. They're probably going to take cash and go buy some drugs with it. &gt;&gt; But give them what they need. They need If they're cold, give them a coat. Hallelujah. If they're thirsty, give them some water. Not pop, water. And he that hath meat, let him do likewise. So if someone's hungry, give them food. Look at verse 12. Now that's for the for the common man. Just this is how you show you repented. Help out people that are less fortunate than you. Now for the publican. Verse 12. And they came also the publicans to be baptized. So th those that were government officials and more uh have more power. Uh they said, "Master, what shall you do?" And he said to them, "Exact no more than which is appointed to you." In other words, don't steal money from people. Publicans were also tax collectors. In other words, you've got power over people's money, but don't take money that's not yours. Don't steal money. And the church said, "Don't abuse your power." Hallelujah. Verse 14, we went over this last year. Luke 4 3:14. And the soldiers likewise demanded of him, saying, "And what shall we do?" And he said to them, "Do violence to no man, neither accuse any falsely, and be content with your wages." So don't be violent. Don't lie, and be content with your money. Now, church, how many of us can do those things? If we can do those things, John said that's the fruit of being repented. Hallelujah. Praise God. Now remember church also he said be baptized. Now, most of us have been baptized here. If you haven't, pray about it. You should be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. If you refuse it, like my uncle did, then you refuse the counsel of God because God's counsel is repent and be baptized. Luke 7:29, if you got your Bible, and all the people that heard him and publicans, they justified God, being baptized with the baptism of John. Verse 30. But the Pharisees and lawyers rejected the council of God against themselves, being not baptized of him. I always remember when John Graham showed this to me because it was very special. I was like, "Wow." Baptism is part of the council or the plan or the mind of God. To reject God's mind or counsel is to reject God. Hallelujah. So, everybody here should be rejoicing that you've been baptized. &gt;&gt; That's God's counsel. A 10th reason he was greater than other men is because he feared no man, not even Herod and his wife. In Luke 3:19 and 20, it said, "But Herod the tetrarch, being reproved by him for Herodiius, his brother Philip's wife, and for all the evils which Herod had done, added yet this above all, that he shut up John in prison." So John went to the most popular politician in the whole land and told him all the things he's done wrong. Now Chris, I've never done that. That'd be like me going to President Trump and saying, "You're an adulterer. You're you curse with your filthy mouth. You need to repent." All the things he's done wrong. That's what the spirit of Elijah did. Hallelujah. This made him greater than other men who didn't do that. He went to the greatest. He didn't compromise on one thing that he said. He preached the gospel. Hallelujah. Like in Matthew 14:4, brother Random always dramatized this. For John said unto Herod, "It is not lawful for thee to have her." Brother Man always dramatized this. When Herod came out to the wilderness to hear John preach, he's got camel skins on, Brother Chris. He's dressed in camel fur. He was eating grasshoppers and honey. He was a hairy man, right? He didn't shave. He was out in the wilderness. He was hairy just like Elijah was hairy. He looked He probably looked all dirty. He's just a wilderness man. And brother dramatized and he said when John was getting ready to go preach, his deacon came and said, "Oh, John, you better not preach against Herod and Herodiius being married twice because they're out in the congregation today." And John said, "I'll only preach what God tells me to preach." And brother said, "John walked out there and he went right under Hair's nose and SAID, "IT'S NOT LAWFUL FOR YOU TO BE MARRIED TO HERODIIUS. YOU'RE AN ADULTERER." &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. Praise God. Think about that, church. &gt;&gt; HE WASN'T AFRAID OF MAN. WHY? BECAUSE HE WAS MORE AFRAID OF GOD THAN HE WAS MAN. HALLELUJAH. That's why church, if I know some people are here, we get visitors and I know some sins in their life, if God puts it on my heart, I'm going to preach against that sin because it's their opportunity to get right with God. &gt;&gt; In the church age book, Brother Ram said, "John didn't mean to tear them down or hurt them. John by his love was trying to get them to repent &gt;&gt; because that's what love does. Love try love tries to get you to repent of your sins. Does that help by God's grace? &gt;&gt; If you love me, keep my commands." Right? So John is trying to get him to love God. Give or se in other words put Herodiius away and just live single. Don't take another woman. That's what John was basically trying to do. Think about that. He took his brother's wife. Think about your brother. You got brothers? I got brothers. Herod took his brother's wife. That's like Hunter Biden, right? Such sadness. such the such moral depravity taking your brother's wife and John didn't even he didn't even question he said it's NOT LAWFUL YOU NEED TO PUT HER AWAY AND HE DIDN'T STOP there brother Chris he went through all the evils that he ever did hallelujah amen it WAS A WHOLE SERMON REBUKING ONE man the leader the political leader of that day talk about a sermon exposing all of Trump's or Biden's wrongs or Obama's wrongs That's what the spirit of Elijah would do. &gt;&gt; Well, what would the Holy Ghost do today? Hallelujah. So, John did not flatter people in power. He did not try to protect himself. He just tried to preach what God put on his heart. And he preached the truth where he even got arrested for it. Hallelujah. The 11th point. I'm almost to my 15. I'm I'm doing good on time. I've only been preaching 40 minutes. Hallelujah. The 11th part is there's no moral failures recorded outside of him doubting if Jesus was the Messiah. Think about that. The Bible doesn't record him making any sins. Now, we know he did, right? Because the Bible said all fall short of the glory of God. [snorts] But he lived so close to God that the Bible doesn't record any. Sound familiar? like Joseph. The Bible only records one sin Joseph did. He tried to get his brethren to lie or his dad uh and brethren say uh tell him you're not shepherds because shepherds are an abomination to the Egyptians. That's Genesis 46:34. Joseph was trying to get his brothers to lie. Sounds like the early patriarchs struggle with lying and the church said Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Jacob was a deceiver, right? So John the Baptist has no moral failures recorded. Moses was a murderer and he he got angry and he was prideful and magnified himself. David was an adulterer, a murderer, prideful when he numbered the people. And remember he said he did many iniquities. Elijah, the only thing we know about Elijah, he also feared and doubted. He said, "Lord, take my life." Uh, he ran from Jezebel. Is that right? I'm pretty sure there's only that's the only bad part about Elijah that was ever recorded. Very similar, right? John the Baptist and Elijah. Very similar because they both had the spirit of Elijah. Abraham was prone to lie, deceive, right? Two kings. Joshua was also recorded in Joshua 7:7 only having doubt about God because he said, "God, why'd you allow us to come over and lose that AI? Maybe we just should have stayed on the other side, God." And God doesn't even address it. And God said, "Go get the sin out of the camp. Stop complaining to me." Hallelujah. My And we know Job, he had a lot of good things, but we preached on that last year. He also had a lot of sins. Hallelujah. He had great fear come upon him. He He justified himself more than God. He said, "I'm more righteous than God." But church, John never committed adultery. No violence is ever recorded. No deceit is ever recorded in John's life. Now listen, he rebuked all the sin and he was actually innocent from that sin. He rebuked adultery, right? He rebuked all these things, stealing money. He but he lived such a godly life. He was uh innocent of preaching against all those sins. And that's what we need preachers to do today, to be innocent of the sins they preach against. Hallelujah. That's what we want all the saints as well. We want the saints to be innocent from these grievous sins. In other words, we want a life that's sanctified. We want a character that's like the character of Christ. Hallelujah. Now, y'all getting tired of getting less amen, so that's okay. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm getting there. I'm almost got my hour. Bear with me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Point number 12. He also sacrificed good things in the areas of liberty of a believer. For example, he never married. Think about that. He never loved a woman. He never got to hold children, say, "This is my child or my grandchildren." He never got to do that. Never got to drink wine for communion, we'd say. But he was completely focused on his mission. The Bible said in 1 Corinthians 7 regarding people that remain single, he said, "There's a difference between a wife and a virgin. The unmarried woman carth for the things of the Lord, that she may both be holy, both in body and in spirit. But she that's married careth for the things of the world, how she may please her husband. Verse 35. And this I speak for your own profit, not that I may cast a snare upon you, but for that which is calmly, and that ye may attend upon the Lord without distraction. So John never knew a woman. John never had children. So he could be without distraction in the wilderness waiting for God's time to start preaching repentance. And remember, brother Ram said, sometimes God will train a man 30 years for six months of ministry. 30 years. Hallelujah. Like I told you that story of the brother who waited uh since he heard the message, he waited about 40 years until his first wife died. he could marry because she she wasn't a message believer. Uh so he married her and he knew he was supposed to preach all those years. She passed away. Then he married a message believer and then he could preach. But he had to wait 40 years. He always knew he was called to preach after he got saved. But he was married to a woman who wasn't a believer. So he didn't even want to take a chance. So he waited 40 years. I said, "That's a real man of God who will wait upon the Lord." Now he's doing missionary work, winning souls. I thought it was a good testimony by God's grace. How do I know? Because he emailed me and told me. Hallelujah. I never talked to him, but I wish I could. All right, we're almost there. The 13th attribute about him that was different than all the men before him. He had true humility towards God. Moses exalted himself and said, "Do I need to fetch water out of the rock?" He couldn't bring any water out of the rock. He magnified himself. But what did John say in John 1:27? whose shoes latchet, I am not worthy to unloose. I am so humble. I am so little. I'm not even worthy to take off Jesus's feet. Now, that's humble church. Who takes off the shoes? The servant. He's saying, "I'm not even worthy. He's so holy. I'M NOT EVEN WORTHY TO TAKE OFF his shoes." Now, we think we're something great. We're not, church. We've all sinned and fallen short of the glory of God. See, I want you to take these attributes of John, some of them, and apply them to your life. But just remember, the cross makes things different for us. &gt;&gt; I don't want you to say, "I'm greater than John." Like, "I do more works than John." Do you? Let's Let's start taking this list here. Let's see. Let's see who does that. Who wins more souls? We'll start with that. Hallelujah. Who Who's been more consecrated to God and never had wine? uh who's not married that's served God faithfully all these years. Well, pretty soon we're going to find out John was a greater man in some ways than us. And I love brother love what John said. John 3:30 John said he must increase and I must decrease. Church, are we wanting to or increase ourselves or decrease ourselves? Do we want people to know our name more or the name of Jesus more? Let's decrease. Hallelujah. That Jesus might [music] increase. Now, John had disciples. He had influence among his disciples. He had a national audience, right? The multitudes, all Israel went out to hear him. But he gave it all away. Willingly gave it away and wasn't resentful. He just said, "I've got a decrease. Jesus must increase. Brother man Ram said then Christ came on the scene. Then he said I must decrease and he must increase. John, I like that he didn't claim to be nothing. He said I'm not him. So friends, let's not claim to be anything. Let's claim to be just a humble servant of Jesus Christ. So I'll say it like this. The greatest ones don't think they're great. Hallelujah. The greatest ones give you less of themselves and point you more to Jesus Christ. The greatest among us are the servants. Jesus said, right? Like I walked up to a sister not long ago uh and she chose to wash dishes instead of go to fellowship. And I walked up to her. I said, "God bless you." I said I said, "You know what Jesus said?" She said, "What?" Jesus said, "The greatest among you will be the servants." Now, church, I'm not telling everybody to wash dishes. Uh, actually, yeah, help your parents wash dishes. Yes. But I'm saying she had a choice. She could have went to fellowship or she could have washed dishes at somebody else's house and she chose to wash dishes at somebody else's house. Some people even was doing some sweeping, too. Instead of fellowshipping, they went sweeping. I think I also told them the same thing. The greatest among you shall be your servants. So, Sister Anna, when you have to stay home and cook, God sees you. Amen. God sees you. It's not easy to be a servant. It's hard to be a servant. But that's what makes the real character of Christ. The great ones do not think they're great. The great ones realize I'm nothing. I must decrease. Christ must increase. The 14th point is that John was faithful even when he doubted. So notice he doubted. He said he said ask Jesus are is he the one that should come or do we look for another? Hallelujah. In other words, he wasn't saying well because I got arrested, I'm giving this up and I deny this and I'll never I'll never believe it. No, he said there's if this isn't him, it's got to be somebody. Hallelujah. So, even in your doubts, church, you want to make sure you still trust in God. You still love God. You're still asking God to fulfill his word. Even if you don't understand it, you're asking God, "God, fulfill your word. I don't understand it, but I believe it." &gt;&gt; And you remember what Brother Ram said? Brother Ram said, "John said the worst thing that he could say to Jesus." And then Jesus turned around and said the best thing that could be ever said about John. Amen. Amen, brother Jose. Hallelujah. SO JOHN, THIS IS HIS LOWEST SPOT. HE'S IN PRISON. And he says the worst thing he could say is Jesus really the Messiah or do we look for another? So Jesus doesn't rebuke him because Jesus knew he was in prison. I'll say it like this. Jesus knew he had the spirit of Elijah. What does the spirit of Elijah do? When you get in trouble, sometimes the anointing leaves you and you want to die or you run from your problems. The church said &gt;&gt; that's what the spirit of Elijah did. It left it left Elijah and he ran away from Jezebel. Jesus knew he's got the spirit of Elias on him and then it leaves him. Hallelujah. May God be merciful to us as well. When we have doubts, when we make mistakes, may God also give us compliments and look look past our faults and see our need. Hallelujah. But Ram said Jesus never condemned him. He know that he was anointed with the spirit of Elijah. Amen. Brother said, "So will it be at the end time. Everything's running according to schedule." Don't be offended in the message, just believe it. Today, the churches are offended to him. Isn't that the truth? They're offended at women not wearing makeup and not cutting their hair. They're offended at men that want to believe hell's not eternal and baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. They're offended at that. Don't be offended. Believe the word of God. He said, "The churches are all offended. The people are always offended. They're all flustered. They don't know what to think. mental telepathy. Something else. No, don't be offended at the message of the hour. Okay, the 15th and final one before I bring it down. I got one more section here. I got Okay, good. I'm only at 50 minutes. This final point is that the main one main reason John was so great is because he was so much like Jesus. saints. Both of their births were foretold by angels. Both of them had a level of holiness from the time they were born. Hallelujah. Amen. John was so much like Jesus that they thought he was Jesus. Amen. Look, he didn't get married. You know, he was out in the wilderness all those years. He preached THE TRUTH. HE TOLD EVERYBODY WHAT WAS WRONG IN THEIR LIVES. ALL THE THINGS HEROD had done. He told them everything in his life. He was so much like Jesus in John chapter 1. They asked, "Who art thou?" That's a good question for us to ask. Who are you? Are you the bride? &gt;&gt; Are you the wise virgin or are you the foolish virgin? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I want to be wise. Hallelujah. They asked John, "Who are you?" And he said he confessed and denied but confessed I'm not the Christ. HE WAS SO MUCH LIKE Jesus they thought he was. Same thing with brother Brandon. Brother Jose. Amen. HE WAS SO MUCH LIKE JESUS they thought he was Jesus. Some people still do to their own heresy and shame and disgrace and almost blasphemy. That'll be up to God. Who art thou? He said BUT I AM NOT THE CHRIST. AND THEY SAID WHAT THEN? ARE YOU ELIAS? He says I'm not. Are you the prophet? He said, "No." He said, "I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, prepare ye the way of the Lord." Hallelujah. See, he was so much like Jesus. He only had one fault recorded. That was just doubting the promise of God. So humble. His birth was like him. His life was like him. They both started at 30 years, right? They both started at 30 years of ministry. There were so much. They both preach repentance. Jesus' first message was repent. But now let's get into this final part. But why are we greater? Well, I told you we're not greater in our works. We're just greater by spiritual blessing and by spiritual position. Hallelujah. Friends, John never saw the cross. You have John never preached the resurrected Christ, but we do. John never parttook of the new covenant, but you do. Hallelujah. Amen. John was great because he held nothing back. He gave all of his life to God. He only pointed to Christ. And when Christ came, he stepped aside willingly and gave up everything and said, "Behold the lamb of God." Church, he even pointed his disciples and said, "Now go follow him." In other words, don't follow me. In other words, I'm going to empty out the church. You go follow him. Now, how many preachers would do that? I would do it if I had to do it to get everybody in the rapture. It's easy. We already got a small church. We don't own anything. I mean, it' be less temptations for me, right? I don't have to pay rent anymore. It's not even our not our building. Same thing with John. He had nothing. He had he had no building. Amen. He had nothing uh uh no mortgage to pay. Nothing like that. No light bill, no nothing. The sun was his light. Hallelujah. The sun was his electricity. But he's willing to leave everything. Tell all his disciples, YOU GO FOLLOW JESUS. He was a great man. Now the word Jesus said, "He that's least in the kingdom is greater." Do you ever look up that word greater? It means greater, larger, elder, stronger. stronger. Well, John seems pretty strong. Raise your hand if you think John is pretty strong believer. He is. But the Bible said you're stronger. Where are you stronger at? In your soul. Hallelujah. John never had the baptism of the Holy Ghost in his soul. He only had it in his mind. So Jesus said, "You're greater. You're stronger." Isn't that what Jesus said in the book of Luke? He said, "When the Holy Ghost comes, you have power to be a witness." So we get more power. Let's say more power, can we? More power. That's what we got. We got more power in our soul. That's why you should rejoice. If you never murdered anybody, you should rejoice. The power of God protected you. If you never committed adultery, you should rejoice. God's power protected you. If you never magnified yourself in front of everybody, name called and and per performed some miracle and claim you got miracle power and even be able to do it. IF YOU NEVER EXALTED YOURSELF LIKE THAT, YOU OUGHT TO PRAISE GOD BECAUSE YOU'VE GOT MORE POWER. AMEN. &gt;&gt; If you've never lied about your husband or wife, you ought to praise God like Abraham. You've got more power. Hallelujah. Didn't the Bible say, "Greater is he that's in us than he that's in the world?" You've got a greater power to be a witness like they got after the day of Pentecost. On the day of Pentecost, I should probably say. And friends, let me say this too. This is hard to understand. But we have a greater conscience than even John the Baptist in the one area of what God has done with our sins. Hebrews chapter 10:2 For then would they not have ceased to be offered because that the worshippers once spurred should have no more conscience of sin but in those sacrifices there's remembrance again made of sins every year leave that verse three up there so even though John the Baptist had the Holy Ghost what what what happened he remembered I've still got a sin conscience now his his mind though was filled with the Holy Ghost so he quickly uh take the anointing and trust trust God. I'm the Lord thy God that heals all thy diseases, forgives all thine iniquities. But he still had a remembrance of his sins every year. Verse four, for it's not possible that the blood of bulls and goats should take away sins. Go down to verse 14. For by one offering he hath perfected forever them that are sanctified. Verse 16. This is the covenant I will make with them, and after those days, sayeth the Lord, I'll put my laws into their hearts, and in their minds will I write them, and their sins and iniquities will I remember no more. Now, where there is remission of these, there's no more offering for sin. Having therefore, brethren, boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus, by a new and living way, which he hath consecrated for us through the veil, that is to say, his flesh, and having an high priest over the house of God, let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith. Now, here it is. Having our hearts sprinkled from an evil what? Conscience. And our bodies washed with pure water. SOUNDS LIKE LAST WEEK'S SERMON. THE WATER AND THE BLOOD. HALLELUJAH. SO THE BIBLE SAYS WHEN WE CONFESS OUR SINS, we should have no more conscious of sins. I confess that God forgave me of that. Now I can go to God boldly and I can make my request known unto God. Hallelujah. Amen. My prayer is that the word of God will speak to our hearts today. It'll help us to be more bold with our prayers because you have a greater power than the John the Baptist. I didn't say a greater list of works, which that's good. Works is a sign of your faith. You are saved by grace through faith. Ephesians 2 8:9 for verse 10. Because God hath created you and ordained works that you should walk therein. You should have works in your life. But we're not saved by works. Neither was John saved by works. All right. So John preached repentance. He announced the Messiah, but he did not live to see the atonement completed. He talked about the lamb of God taking away the sins, but his sins were not yet taken away. Oh, we can talk about the lamb of GOD TODAY, BUT OUR SINS ARE TAKEN AWAY. &gt;&gt; Thank God for those amens. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise God. John was always pointing, oh, that someday your sins are going to be taken away. BUT WE CAN SAY THEY ARE TAKEN AWAY. NOT SOMETHING TO COME. YOUR SINS ARE TAKEN away today. &gt;&gt; Didn't Jesus say it's Did he say it was halfway finished or did he say it is finished? It's halfway PAID FOR. NO, IT IS PAID IN FULL. HALLELUJAH. THEREFORE, your conscience should be clear when you confess your sins because the Old Testament could not have that guilt that uh guiltless conscience. But we should have a mindset that the blood of Jesus Christ has washed me clean. All right, there's my hour. Let's finish this. So the first thing, we live on the other side of Calvary in the new covenant. John did not. He lived under the old covenant. Second, we are we're born again by the Holy Ghost in the soul. Peter 1:23. 1 Peter 1:23. Third, our Holy Ghost is permanent in dwelling. Ephesians 4:30, grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you're sealed unto the next revival until 2027. Then you got to get it again, unto the day of redemption. So, he didn't have that. We have that a permanent sealing in our soul. Fourth, we have a full revelation of Christ's identity and work. John didn't. We know who the church is, Gentile and Jew. We know the new covenant, justification by faith, and we have the resurrection accomplished. The Bible said in Ephesians 1, "Having made known unto us the mystery of his will." I just keep getting louder and you guys keep getting quieter. So, help help me not to get so loud. I'm just trying to get excited here by God's grace. This is beautiful. We know the MYSTERY OF HIS WILL AND JOHN DID IT. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; AMEN. He was seeing lambs and goats and he well Jesus is the lamb of God. But he didn't see it like we see it now &gt;&gt; where all those animals were all meant for one thing to show us one lamb is going to do more work than all those other lambs and goats and bulls put together. &gt;&gt; Oh, and then God DOESN'T REMEMBER YOUR SINS ANYMORE. HALLELUJAH. OH, thank you, Jesus. Colossians 1:26, the mystery which been hid from ages and generations, but now is made manifest TO HIS SAINTS. CHRIST in you, the hope of glory. So John had the anointing, BUT DIDN'T HAVE CHRIST in his soul. And what's the soul? It's the very nature of your being. So you are privileged and blessed to have a nature that is the word of God. Number five, you have direct a direct access to God. When Jesus died, what was the veil? It was torn, which shows now everybody can go into the holiest of holies. That's what we read in Hebrews 10. Having boldness to go behind the heavenly veil. AMEN. JOHN DIDN'T HAVE THAT, CHURCH. Number six, now you're adopted. And in Galatians 4, you're no more a servant. You're a son or daughter. You are adopted into the family. You got six privileges John didn't have, church. And not to make us ha or not to make us prideful, but to make us humble. Number seven, you are seated in heavenly places. John was not. Ephesians 2 has raised us up together and made us to sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. John was pointing he's here. He's here. But you and I are in him. Now, that's quite a mystery, Beatatric. Amen. I don't understand it. But in other words, his spirit's in in in me, and my spirit was in him in the beginning. Praise God. Hallelujah. Eth, the kingdom is not just coming. The Bible said they preach in Matthew 3:2, "THE KINGDOM OF GOD IS AT HAND." BUT what did Jesus say in Luke 17:21? The kingdom of God is within you. So friends, we're not saying we're better than John. We're uh Jesus is not saying we're holier, we're more disciplined, we have more works, we're more faithful. He's only saying we're more privileged because we have a better covenant with what? Better promises. We're only greater because we have stronger promises. But what did Paul say? I don't brag on anything. He said, 'I actually brag when I'm weak because then I'm strong. I brag on Christ. I don't brag on myself. Christ makes me humble so he can show his strength in me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. For when I'm weak, then I'm strong. So John was the greatest man in the Old Testament because he stood at the door of redemption. HE WAS RIGHT AT THE DOOR. But church, the least believer in the New Testament is greater because he steps inside the door. So John was out here. Who's greater? Somebody that's outside or somebody that's inside. Who's greater? The one who is inside. They have more access to everything. John was at the door saying, "This is here. It's here. It's here. It's here." But now we get to go inside. That's what makes us stronger. We have stronger access. We have stronger promises. We have the Holy Ghost down in our souls. So John announced the lamb. You trust in the lamb with the lamb inside his spirit inside of you. Amen. The spirit was on John, but the spirit is in your soul. The kingdom was at ha at at hand with John, but the kingdom's in you with Christ. &gt;&gt; John pointed and held Christ, but you're united to Christ. Hallelujah. With the invisible union of the Holy Ghost. John was an Old Testament servant, but you're a New Testament son or daughter of God. &gt;&gt; And church, I found one kind of proof of this as well. When John was in prison, he doubted. But look at Paul and Silas when they were in prison. Now, they might have doubted for a little bit, but what happened? They started saying, "I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say one [applause] of them." And then all of a sudden the the earthquake started shaking and THE WHOLE JAIL WAS BROKEN UP AND THEIR CHAINS were broke AND THEY WERE SET FREE. THEY DIDN'T DOUBT JESUS. THEY BELIEVE. THEY WORSHIP JESUS. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; That's one clue. And remember what what did Jeremiah do when he was thrown down in the pit? He said, "I'll never preach for you again." That's not what Paul and Silas did. That's not what James did. James was put in prison and beheaded. He didn't say, "I'll never preach again." He just faithfully took the destiny that God had for him, the testimony that God had for him. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Now, church, I've said this before. If I was thrown in jail, I would just tr trust and hope that I would have the testimony like Paul and Silas. But let me tell you this. Even the Jews that got uh remember October 7th when Hamas invaded Israel, there's men and women that just were released within the last few months. So almost two years they were in captivity and they still held to their Jewish faith although they got starved and looked like skeletons. Even they didn't give up their faith. Now they might they might they might have doubted. I don't know if they doubt or not but I'm just saying their faith stood for almost two years of being starved and beaten in p prison. Their faith to the test. So church our faith will stand the test as well. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Now John never recanted or anything like that but I'm just showing you here's a clear difference. Paul and Silas, they don't doubt Jesus. They just praise Jesus. And then again, God doesn't get everybody out of prison, right? Some people have to die in prison. Some people give their testimony with their life. But it's just one clear example how they had a greater power than John the Baptist had. But remember, John had the spirit of Elijah where when he was in trouble, the spirit would leave him. Does everybody understand that? Hallelujah. There's greater power. How many thankful for the power of the Holy Ghost today? Let's stand to our feet. The musicians can come now with that power. How about our girls going back to school tomorrow? How about our young men and women going you guys going back to school tomorrow, too? Okay. How about that? John had to go into a prison. Now, you might you might say you have to go into the prison of the middle school or the high school. It might feel like that sometimes, but let's remember that John had an amazing testimony. No man was greater in the Old Testament, but he is less than all of us by promise. We have greater promises than John. And church, we can live a life with our sins confessed and there's no guilty conscience. How many accept the word of God today? Has that been clear to you church today? That really blessed my heart. &gt;&gt; I felt that was from the Lord to give us a better understanding. I didn't even get to where I wanted to go. Brother uh Jose, you probably know this. And I'll maybe I'll preach a sermon about this uh maybe Wednesday. Jesus said in Matthew 17:12, "But I say unto you, Elias has come already, and they knew him not." And brother Ram said, "God was so humble with John the Baptist that even Jesus's own disciples didn't even recognize the prophet of God." And brother Ram said, "That's what the rapture is going to be like." &gt;&gt; So church, we better have our eyes open to the word of God. Hallelujah. That strikes me. I hope that strikes you. Jesus own disciples are saying, "Who is John? Who is John?" Jesus has to let him know after he's already come and gone. He already came and gone. They're like, "Well, who was he? We don't even you don't know." And that's how the rapture will be. God, help us to be ready. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; If he comes in 2026, how many want to be ready? &gt;&gt; Let's have a word of prayer. Father God, we're thankful for today. Thank you for such a attentive church, Lord God. Bless them, Lord. Thank you for their attention to the word of God. Faith comes by hearing. Hearing by the word of God. [music] They've heard the word. Now let faith anchor into their heart just like it is in my heart. I want to be ready, Jesus. [music] I want to be ready. In one way, I'll never be as great as John because I'm already married. I got children. I drink wine at communion. In one way, I'll never be as consecrated. [music] But another way, Lord God, all of us are considered greater because of the blood of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. For us, there should be no remembrance of sin year after year because we have the lamb of God who took away the sins of the world. Hallelujah, Jesus. Hallelujah, Jesus. And John said, "Behold, there's the lamb. He'll take it away." And Lord, we are here saying today, the lamb has taken away our sins. Therefore, we won't walk in a guilty mindset. [music] We won't walk in a shameful conscience because we know the blood of Christ is greater than the blood of bulls and goats. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you proved it on the thief on the cross. In his last words, he said, "This man deserves nothing. Remember me when you come into your kingdom." And Jesus said, "Today you'll be with me in paradise." He proved it there that the blood of Jesus Christ can wash away a lifetime of sin in a very moment. Hallelujah. Not even rebuke him for it, but it just washes away. Hallelujah. Oh Lord Jesus, let every sin stain of ours be washed away [music] by the precious blood of Jesus Christ. What a man. John was the greatest, but also the least compared to the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh God, may this church live in heavenly places. May we set the Lord always before our face today. [music] Lord God, may we not just talk about it, hear about it. May [music] we do it. Lord, I set you before the congregation today. I set you before my [music] actions today. Lord Jesus, [music] we love you. God, if there's any sin in any heart, Lord, I pray they'll confess it just now, Lord. They don't even have to tell me. But Lord, because they we don't need a confessional box, Lord God. We don't need a human high priest. We have heaven's high priest. Hallelujah. [music] We have one mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jesus. [snorts] So, Father God, we thank [music] you, Lord God, for today. We thank you for the words of life, Lord God. Remind us, Lord, even when we might be at our worst, you'll still say the [music] best about us. You'll still say that Gentile bride, she's my beloved. Hallelujah. Praise God. Nobody can lay any charges to my bride. There's no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus [music] that walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. What a promise, Lord God. [music] And nothing shall separate us from the love of God which is in [music] Christ Jesus. Bless us today, Lord. May these young people and children as they go to school tomorrow, may they go there knowing they have a greater power than John. They don't have to doubt Jesus Christ. They don't have to doubt the message of the hour from the Bible. They don't have to doubt it. They can trust on it. They can believe it. May [music] they put you before their faces tomorrow as they go back to school and myself including on Tuesday. May they remember the scripture, I can do all things through Christ who strengthens [music] me. Hallelujah. I believe sister Beatatric [music] going back to work this coming week here myself. Lord God, Malachi, different ones going back to work. [music] Lord, I just pray in Jesus Christ's name they'd put you before them. Hallelujah. They remember these precious [music] promises, better promises, better commands. Lord God, mercy and grace and truth. [music] Jesus was full of grace and truth. And Lord, we're predestined to be conformed [music] to the very image of Jesus Christ, the character image of Jesus [music] Christ. Thank you for this word. I felt like it opened up to me yesterday and today as I listened to God hiding himself in simplicity [music] there with haven in the case of the car. Lord God, thank you Lord God. Help us Jesus [music] Lord to believe what we've heard today. apply it to our lives in Jesus Christ's name. &gt;&gt; [music]
