################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-10 - 'With Such Sacrifices God Is Well Pleased' - Bro. Josh Bennett - Thursday April 10, 2025 - Josh Bennett - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-10
Title:   'With Such Sacrifices God Is Well Pleased' - Bro. Josh Bennett - Thursday April 10, 2025
Speaker: Josh Bennett
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y7cBp3_L2E
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus. [Music] [Music] Tell Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] I jo I'll Nothing compares to the proise [Music] I Jesus my savior. Savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days, I want to praise the wonders of your Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] I love you forever. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Hallelujah indeed. Amen. Let's sing this together tonight. What gift of grace is Jesus my [Applause] redeemer? There is no more for heaven now to [Applause] give. He is my joy, my righteousness and freom. My steadfast love, my deep and boundless [Applause] peace. To this I hope, my hope is only Jesus. For my life is holy bound to his. Oh, how strange and divine I can see. All is blind yet. But through Christ in me. The night is dark, but I am not forsaken. for by my side. The Savior Heat. [Music] [Music] For this I will through the deepest valley. [Applause] Oh, the night has been won and I shall overcome but through Christ in me. And the future sure the price has been paid for Jesus for he was raised to the grave to desire. My sin has been Jesus now and is my king. All the chains are [Applause] released. I am free. Oh yes. in me with every breath. I long to follow Jesus. For he has said that he will bring me home. And day by day I know he will renew until I stand with joy before the throne. Sing that again with every breath I stand. I long to follow Jesus for he has said and he will bring me home and day by day I know until I stand with joy before the throne. Oh my go Jesus. All the glory ever more to me. Oh, when the race is [Applause] complete, through Christ in this I hope is only Jesus. All the glory ever to me. [Music] Hallelujah. Christ in me. Oh, when the race is complete, still my lips. Amen. Lord [Music] Jesus. Reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. Oh, you will find he's not to be seen to hear your heart. He is passing light is falling your needs to supply for reaching in touch. Why don't you reach out and trust the Lord as he will? Oh yes, you hear your heart's cry. He is passing. [Music] He's here. Amen. Amen. We believe that you brought him with you. Amen. Thank God that we want to praise him and honor him tonight. Welcome each one to the service. Those that have visiting our guest here that are with us, may the Lord bless you. Amen. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Let's remember our sister Mary Lewis. She texted in earlier and she has a um a very bad pressure sore on her body and and she needs a touch from the Lord. She testified that she had been touched before from a prayer cloth from prayer and a prayer cloth and that and healed over and but now she has another one. So let's remember our sister Mary. May the Lord be with her and help her. Brother Nathan Erin, would you come and lead us, Lord, in prayer tonight? Let's also remember our sister Lorie Snow from from Arizona who's in very critical condition tonight. Her husband Randy, her children. May the Lord help our sister Lori there in the hospital and all the support she's on. We're thanking the Lord for keeping her thus far. and she um suffered a dissected aorta and and they're just uh has already had multiple surgeries for repair. So, may the Lord help our sister Lori. Let's lift her up tonight and our sister Mary Lewis. Can we all agree together tonight? Amen. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Father, we're so thankful to be here tonight, Lord, with fellow believers of like precious faith, Lord. And Lord, we're so thankful that you've come this evening, Lord. You're the guest of honor. And we just want to welcome you here tonight. Lord, we just speak to the hearts of the people here, Lord, in the way that only you can. Father, we just pray that you'd receive the glory tonight, Father. You are worthy of so much praise and honor, Lord. And God, we just think of all you've done in our lives, Lord. And think of your everpresent faithfulness, Lord. And God, I just love you for it. Would you meet these needs, Lord, these needs for healing with our sister Mary Lewis, Lord? God, we just pray that you touch her body in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, and the other requests mentioned here, Lord, we just believe that you're able and willing, Lord, to come on the scene, and we just invite you to do that, Lord Jesus. God, may you just have the preeminence in every part of the service. Lord, we just submit ourselves to you, Lord, and just want to want to give you the preeminence, Lord, and just the the free free place, Lord, to do your will amongst the people. That's our desire, Father. Pray this all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You may have your seats tonight. Let's sing this song tonight. And we're going to ask our sister Sister Rosanna to come sing tonight for us. Sister Rosanna Mass be getting married this Saturday. So, this will be her last time singing. So, we're going to appreciate it. Amen. There was a request that she would sing one last time before she left us. So, and we're we're going to get her all good and emotional before she gets up here and sings. So, no, we just be looking forward to them singing tonight. Amen. [Music] By and by, when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell a story. How we overcome and we understand by we tossed and driven on the rest the sees. Oh, in that land of perfect day when we will understand it better. Oh my morning. [Music] We will tell the story how we overcome and will understand by we are all destitute of the things that life demands. One of food and one of shelter thirsty hills and bar land. We are trusting in the Lord. [Applause] We will understand it better by oh by and by when the morning come with all the s we will tell the story how Trials dark on every hand and we cannot understand all the way that God will lead us. Nobody guides us with his eyes. You will die for real understanding by when the morning come all the saints of God. We will tell the story of how we overcome by all temptations. All they take us unaware and our hearts are made to bleed. For many of this word our need and we wonder why the [Music] test but we'll understand it better by oh by and by when the morning come all the saints of oh we How we've overcome glory by once again. Oh, by and by when the morning come. We will tell the story. And we'll understand it better by Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Praise be to God. [Music] You don't need a savior if you don't know sin and shame. You don't need [Music] forgiveness when you never walk away. But this is my story. I'm a life made new. I'm the one who's been set free. I have found a friend in Jesus. He is everything to me. I have found a friend in Jesus. Yes, he is my everything. And I have a shepher who always keeps me safe. And I found a healer who knows my every pain. But this is my story of redeeming love. I have come to know him well. Oh, I have found a friend in Jesus. He is everything to me. I have found a friend in Jesus is he my everything. Oh, I have found a friend in Jesus. He is everything to me. I have found a friend in Jesus. Yes, he is my everything. Oh, he walks with me. He talks with me. He tells me I am his own. And the joy we share. What else compares? It's nothing I've ever known. Oh, when he walks with me, he talks with me. He tells me I am his own. And the joy we share. What else compares? It's nothing I've ever known. Oh, I have found a friend in Jesus. He is everything to me. I have found a friend in Jesus. Yes, he is my everything. I have found a friend in Jesus. He is everything to me. I have found a friend in Jesus. Yes, he is my everything. I have found a friend in Jesus. Yes, he is my everything. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Thank you for singing tonight. Amen. Kia F. [Music] We have had enough of getting everything we want. We are weary of living this life just for us. Oh, forgive us all for seeking your hand and not your face. Come and empty us. Father, we are desperate in this place. Holy Spirit, fill us with your fire. Give us your desire. All is close to you. Holy Spirit, give us revelation. Your healing [Music] is nothing else. of you. You have given us so much more than we deserve. You deliver us. You deliver us by the power of your word. So God we lift you up giving you the honor that is. Thank you for your love. This is what we are living for. Holy [Applause] Spirit. Holy [Applause] Spirit he nothing else. So much more than we deserve. By the power of your word, God, we lift you up. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Oh, heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. forever and more and more of you. Hallelujah. Amen. How many wants more of him tonight? Amen. That's what we desire. Amen. Let the fire of God fill our souls. Amen. And it's a tremendous time to be in the house of the Lord tonight. And we certainly want to welcome everyone that's come in for the wedding, Sister Rose and Brother Austin this weekend. And that was a lovely song. God bless you. And Amen. sang from a heart of a testimony of Amen. A real a real testimony being sung there. And Amen. It's a it's a tremendous time to be in the house of the Lord on Thursday night. What a what a time to live. Amen. No time ever been like this one. Things are shook up everywhere. Amen. I believe it's time for us to get took up. Amen. I I I think things are shaken loose. Amen. Uh it's a transition time. Amen. We We don't know when the last moments will be and what's going to be transpiring. But we certainly know there's someone who has sent a message. Amen. That has already took a hold of us and he promised he wouldn't let us go. Amen. Amen. God bless you tonight. We have got a tremendous surprise for you. Amen. I was trying to maybe work it out last Thursday and it was just I waited too late, but this Thursday it worked out just right. Uh and we was able to get Brother Josh Bennett here for a Thursday night. So, Amen. I know uh I know y'all is probably as excited as I am to have him here and he pastors in North Carolina. So, a lot of Sundays he can't travel. So, we thought we'd be tremendous if we could just get him on a Thursday night sometime. And amen. And it was a it is a real blessing to be able to have him here and he don't need any in introduction to you all. Amen. But we certainly love brother Josh his stand on the word of God and uh his church there in North Carolina Apostolic Tabernacle. His wife Sister Kimberly. Amen. I I I certainly appreciate them long life friends. Amen. Around this message. And amen. me and me and brother Josh and uh a few others have been with us but a lot of times amen uh brother Josh and I and brother Jeremy we go out west about every year we have a lot of laughs have a lot of good times and amen and we certainly know uh that we know this guy brother Josh from inside and out he's a Christian all right I don't know how tall he is but every inch of him is a preacher amen we certainly want to welcome me tonight and may the Holy Spirit spirit use him and use him for our lives. How many say, "Lord, use our brother tonight. Touch our lives with him." Amen. God bless you as he would come. That little song, where would I be if not for grace? If not for grace. Amen. Where would I be? You only know. [Music] I'm glad you see. through eyes. I hope this change and empty if not for grace. Amazing grace. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Oh precious Lord Yeah. Heat. space. If not, where will we see? Oh yeah. Can we just sing one more time? Amazing grace. Amazing. Heat. Heat. Heat. voice just in [Music] deeper. Amen. How many's thankful for the grace of God? I tell you, I believe Paul said it like this. I am what I am by the grace of almighty God. Amen. And I I I believe I can say that tonight. Amen. You know, sometimes you look around and you look at the world that we live in. You look at the condition of the people, but you know, the reality of it is this. There I be if it not be for the grace of God. Amen. We didn't deserve it. I I think about what the prophet said so many times. He said, "I was nothing when he found me, he said, but and I'm still nothing." But I'm in his hand. Amen. And I'm so thankful, Amen. for for God's grace, man. We're certainly honored to be here tonight. And we sure love each one of you. Love our brother Wayne and all the ministry here. We just appreciate you so much. Amen. And so, we just try to get right into the word. I know it's a a Thursday night. Amen. But we just want to approach the Lord. Maybe just before we read, let's just bow our hearts together. If you got a need, just lift it up to the Lord tonight. Lord Jesus, we just come before you, Lord. And Lord, just thinking about your grace and mercy. And Lord, I I tell I I just thank God to Lord, how great it is to Lord to have that unmmerited favor. And Lord, your mercy that is new every morning. And Lord, I'm so thankful for that cuz I need it every day. And Lord, I I I stand in need of your grace even right now. Lord, because I realize that my ability I there's nothing I could do or say that would help your people. But Lord, the only thing that I have is something you gave me. And Lord, it's your gift. And Lord, I just yield it to you. And I I pray that you would just take it and use it what however you want to. And Lord, I pray that you just minister to your people tonight. Lord, we want to just invite you. Lord, I believe that many have already invited you to come. Yes. But Lord, we don't want to stop there. We want to invite you and then we want to welcome you. Lord, we don't want to even stop there. We want to welcome you and then we want to give you preeminence. Lord, I pray that you would be the one that would be lifted up among us. And Lord, may you do the ministering and we'll do the receiving. And Lord, when we leave, Lord, I pray that we could leave with this testimony. Did not our hearts burn within us as you spoke with us along the way. Lord, we're inviting you, as it were, to walk with us a little while this evening. And Lord, may you just take and break the scripture to us, Lord. Make your word real. And Lord, I pray, oh God, that the word would just go forth in power and reality. And Lord, that it would just drop down in the hearts of your believing children. Lord, that lives would be changed by it. Well, I believe there's a power in the word of God that Lord, that if the word would be preached tonight, Lord, that the sick could be healed and hearts could be touched and lives could be changed, the lost could be saved, oh God. Lord, I I pray that that would be done here tonight. Grant it, Lord, as we just commit ourselves, we give this service to you for your glory. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. In the book of Hebrews in the 13th chapter, if you turn with me there, I'd like to read a few verses out of uh Hebrews chapter 13 and be reading from the 10th verse. I've been studying the book of Hebrews at home with my church. And uh just to give y'all a little bit of idea of how that's going, back when we was here uh doing the youth camp, we was preaching out of I think about the sixth chapter and we've made it to the 13th chapter. So, amen. So, we're doing good. But one brother at home, he has had a little girl, little baby girl. He said, "I think my girl's going to be driving by the time you get done with [Laughter] this." Hebrews chapter 13, I'm reading from verse 10. And Paul writes and said, "We have an altar whereof they have no right to eat which serve the tabernacle. For the bodies of those beasts whose blood is brought into the sanctuary by the high priest for sin, are burned without the camp." Wherefore Jesus also that he might sanctify the people with his own blood, suffered without the gate. Let us go forth therefore unto him without the camp, bearing his reproach. For here we have no continuing city, but we seek one to come. How many means how many's seeking that place? By him. Therefore, let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually. That is the fruit of our lips, giving thanks to his name. But to do good and to communicate, forget not. For with such sacrifices, God is well pleased. Amen. Amen. May God just add his blessing as you're seated this evening. I want to uh speak just uh by God's help this evening. If I had a title, I'd title it with such sacrifices God is well pleased. And I don't know about y'all, but I I want to please the Lord. Amen. And I I I you know, I kind of feel like David tonight. If God wanted a a a lamb, that's what I would have brought. If God would want the the uh uh the fats of rams, and I that's what I would have brought tonight. But because I want to please him. Amen. And so, you know, as we look at this tonight, of course, Paul, as he's dealing with this, um he's uh dealing with the the the Hebrews, this Hebrew church, and and they were, you know, uh maybe um uh uh real um caught up in uh ceremonial and ritualistic type of worship and being Jews and, you know, a and and I believe that they were struggling a little bit with Christianity because when uh they come and they begin to uh uh see the Christians, they thought, "Well, you know, but I where's your altar at? Where's your you know, we know you're worshiping, but you don't where's your altar and where's your sacrifice and where's all your uh uh where's all the ceremonial, you know, uh uh sacrifices and things that they were accustomed to." Amen. But Paul just lets them know, we got an altar. Amen. You may not know nothing about it, but we got an altar. Amen. Maybe you have never seen it, but we got an altar. Amen. And I believe Paul was letting them know, we got a sacrifice. We got a lamb. You know, because maybe the question on their mind was, you know, uh, you know, you say you're worshiping God, but where's the priest at? And Amen. And I believe that Paul through the book of Hebrews, he was letting them know, we got a high priest. Amen. We we got a priest. And Amen. We've got a lamb. And Amen. And as a matter of fact, we got a better sacrifice. Hallelujah. Amen. We got a better priesthood. Amen. We have got a a a better covenant established upon better promises. Amen. I believe that. And so, as Paul is is letting them know, he says, "We have an altar." But the thing about an altar is an altar is a place of worship. That's right. Amen. It's a place of sacrifice. So, if you have an altar, you you ought to also have a sacrifice. Amen. You have to have the if if there's an altar, then you're going to there's going to be worship around that altar. Is that right? Amen. So, as as Paul is is unfolding these things, and I don't want to get carried away preaching on things I don't want to preach on tonight, so I just want to get to the point, but here in the 16th verse or in the 15th verse rather, he said, "By him," Amen. by him, in other words, through Christ, Amen, let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually. That is the fruit of our lips, giving thanks to his name. But to do good and to communicate, forget not. For with such sacrifices, God is well pleased. Amen. With such sacrifices. Now, Amen. You know, we know that God never desired, Amen. burnt offerings and sacrifices. Amen. But all those things were substitutes that God accepted, but yet God never was pleased. Even the Bible said he had no pleasure in them. Is that right? Amen. And we know that all the sacrifices of the Old Testament never uh uh you know could never uh it could be a covering for sin, but it never took care of the sin question. It amen. Because with those sacrifices, the lambs and the bulocks and and and and and all that they offered unto God in the Old Testament. See, the life of the of of that animal could not come back upon the worshipper. Amen. And so the worshipper could never be made perfect through those sacrifices. And therefore, there was a continual offering, amen, of those things. But God never did desire that. What God was looking for was a people that he could live in. Amen. God was looking for somebody that would believe his word and that would be obedient to his word, that could live his word. Amen. That's what God desired. And I mean, you can see all through the Old Testament that God had he he desired or he wanted obedience rather than sacrifice. remember when uh uh the the king Saul went out to battle and and you know the story very well and how that the that God had instructed him what to do and how he was supposed to utterly destroy the enemy and and they went out there and they you know in in that battle. Amen. They spared a few of the of the oxen and the sheep and some of the lambs and so forth and and even some of the people. And then the prophet Samuel comes down to the camp of of Israel and and when he does the king comes out to meet him and says now he said we done everything God asked us to do. And amen and Samuel said, "Well, what's the bleeding of them sheep?" Yeah. And and then amen the prophet Amen begins to tell Samuel because or or Saul rather and Saul you know he's trying to defend himself. He said well you know we just kept some of the best. See for the purpose of giving it to God as a sacrifice. Is that right? Amen. We just you know we just spare some of these things so that we could offer it to God as a sacrifice. But Samuel said, "Hath not the Lord so great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices as in o obeying the voice of the Lord? Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice and to hearken than the fat of rams." Amen. So go the prophet was telling Saul, "Amen, God didn't want them sacrifices. He wanted you to be obedient." Amen. Jeremiah said it this way in Jeremiah 7. And he said, "Thus sayith the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel, put your burnt offerings unto your sacrifices, and eat flesh. For I spake not unto your fathers, nor commanded them in the day that I brought them out of the land of Egypt concerning burnt offerings or sacrifices. But this thing command I them, saying, Obey my voice, and I will be your God, and you shall be my people, and walk ye in all the ways that I have commanded you, that it may be well unto you." The psalmist would write it this way in Psalms 40 and verse 6. It says, "Sacrifice and offering thou didest not desire. Mine ears hast thou opened burnt offering and sin offering hast thou not required. Then said I, lo, I come in the volume of the book that is written of me. I delight to do thy will, oh God. Yay, thy law is within my heart." Now, I know that this is a prophecy concerning Christ. But how many of of you realize tonight that there's things that's also written of you? Amen. There there's things that is also written of this bride. Amen. And the and the sacrifice that God is looking for is somebody that says, "God, I come to do thy will. Whatever is written of me, that's what I want to do." Amen. Amen. That's what God is really desiring tonight is somebody that would surrender their life so much to him that he could live in and through them to fulfill his word. The word for this day. Amen. Now, David would say again in Psalms 51, he said, "Deliver me from the uh from blood guiltiness. Oh God, thou God of my salvation, for my tongue shall sing aloud of thy righteousness, oh Lord, open thou my lips and my mouth shall show forth thy praise. For thou desire not sacrifice, else would I give it, and thou delightest not in burnt offering. The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit, and a broken and a contrite heart, oh God, thou will not despise. Do good in thy pleasure and design. Build the walls of Jerusalem, and then shalt thou be pleased with the sacrifice of righteousness, with burnt offering, and the a and whole burnt offering. Then shalt thou offer bulocks upon thine altar. Amen. What is what is the psalmist saying here? He's saying that the sacrifices of God are a broken spirit. In other words, Amen. It don't do you no good to come and just give God a lamb if there's no sincerity behind what you're doing. And God ain't looking just for people to come show up at church. God is looking for somebody that comes, amen, with a sincerity. Amen. Somebody that amen can be broken in spirit. Somebody that can be contrite in their heart. Amen. Somebody that amen could come with repentance. Even this is the sacrifices that pleases God. Isaiah would say it this way. He said, "To what purpose?" God is speaking now. He said, "To what purpose is the multitude of your sacrifices unto me, sayeth the Lord? I am full of the burnt offerings of rams and the fat of fed beast. And I delight not in the blood of bulocks or of lambs or of the goats. When you come to appear before me, who hath required this at your hand to tread my courts? Bring no more vain oblations. Incense is an incense is an abomination unto me. The new moons and the Sabbath, the calling of assemblies I cannot away with. It is iniquity. Even the solemn meeting, your new moons and your appointed feasts, my soul hateth. They are a trouble unto me. I am weary to bear them. And when you spread forth your hands, I will hide mine eyes from you. Yay, when you make many prayers, I will not hear, for your hands are full of blood. Wash you and make you clean. Put away the evil of your doings from before mine eyes. Cease to do evil and learn to do well. Seek judgment. Amen. Uh Relieve the oppressed, judge the fatherless, plead for the widow. Come now and let us reason together, sayeth the Lord. And though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be white as snow, and though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool. And if you be willing to and obedient, you shall eat the good of the land. Amen. What is God saying? And he's literally, listen friends, you got to understand, God is not saying these things to a bunch of heathens. God is not saying these things to a people that's worshiping idols, but God is actually looking down at his people that have been offering sacrifices to him and he's saying, "Listen, amen. Your incense, Amen, and your and your new moons and and your feast and all these things, I actually hate them." And the prophet said, "Why?" Because, Amen. He said they they they lost their sincerity and it become tradition. And somebody said around here and say, "Well, you know, that was for Israel in the Old Testament. Why are you talking about it tonight?" Listen, friends, I'm scared. I'm afraid that many times, Amen. We got just as many traditions and we've made this thing something that it's not. Amen. And the thing about it is is when we lose the sincerity of what we're doing, it becomes a stitch in the nostrils of God. I believe that God would look around in the world that we're living in today and this modern uh uh religion that we see. I believe that God would look around and say, "What meanth this? What means you're gathering together? What meanth this? What what is this all about? That's right. But Paul would say by him, by Christ. I'll tell you something. I'll just stop here and say something. I don't care what we're doing. If we ain't doing it through Christ. Listen, friends. You know why we didn't bring a a lamb in here and kill it and lay it on this altar tonight? Cuz we already got a lamb. The reason why we didn't have to bring blood is because we got blood. Amen. So therefore, amen. Everything we do, we got to do it through the blood of Jesus Christ. If we're going to pray, if we're going to approach the throne, we got to come through that blood. If we're going to sing, we're going to sing through that blood. If we're going to preach, we got to preach through that blood. Listen, whatever we offer God, it's got to be by through Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. And I'll tell you this, there is no other place of worship tonight outside of Christ. God will accept you. Amen. And neither will he accept your worship except in Christ. [Applause] Amen. You believe that? So he said, "By him, therefore, let us offer the sacrifice of praise unto God continually. That is the fruit of our lips, giving thanks to his name." Now, I believe that Paul is actually uh uh he's actually showing us, Amen, that what would be pleasing unto God. He's revealing to us a praise that would be pleasing unto God. Now, Amen. He starts out by saying, "Let us by him." Amen. Uh, in other words, since we have a an altar and we do have a high priest, we should always offer sacrifices. That's right. Amen. And listen, friends, how many know that Paul said it this way? He said that our that we have to offer unto God our bodies, we present them to him as a living sacrifice, which is a our reasonable service unto the Lord. Amen. And so, amen. But, but yet, as as we look at this, the writer, uh, Paul, as he's writing here to the Hebrews, he says that praise that pleases God is to be offered to him by Jesus Christ. Amen. And it should be continually. God desires worship continually. I'm gonna just say this. Amen. Because and and I you know back home I I say three times a week but you know but you know I'll just use it this way here because you got church on Sunday and Thursday. I want to tell you something. If the only time you praising God is when you're in church, you ain't praising God. [Applause] Amen. If the only time you worship is when you come to church couple times a week or one or we could keep on going, you know, but Amen. But if that's the only time that you're praising God, that's the only time you're worshiping God, you ain't worshiping God. You're putting on a show. Hello. Listen, friends, if the only time you're praising God is when somebody's watching, you're putting on a show. If the only time you worship is when somebody else is doing it, you're just putting on a show. But but Paul said the the worship that pleases God should be offered continually. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. David would say it like this. I will bless the Lord at all times. I like David's revel. I will bless the Lord at all times. You say, "What are you talking about, preacher? I'm talking about good times. I'm talking about bad times. I'm talking about when you're sick and when you're well. when there's money in the bank and when there ain't no money in the bank. Hallelujah. I will bless the Lord at all times. His praise shall continually be in my mouth. Hallelujah. You know, you can't even preach about worship and praise without talking about David. That's right. Cuz I tell you what, David had a revelation. David knew how to praise God. Amen. And you know, when you think about continual worship, I think about the tabernacle of David. And you know, David uh uh uh uh when the ark was returning back and was coming back to Israel. Amen. David, and I don't want to get again, listen, don't judge this sermon. I ain't trying to teach. I'm just preaching. So, I know there's a lot of points I'm going to miss. Amen. But I'm trying to get somewhere. So, just bear with me. Amen. But as that word is coming back and David sees the word coming. Now you you understand by the scripture that David had prepared a place. He had prepared a tent. He had prepared a place for the word to come. But when David saw the word coming, Amen. If you go back in your Bible, you'll see that they were continually offering sacrifices as the word was coming. They was slaying bulocks and they was and they was uh pouring out the blood. And Amen. Brother Wayne talked about I I remember years ago him preaching on it. All the gallons of blood that was actually poured out to make a way for that word. Amen. And the whole point of it was is that word to get to its destination to the place that David had prepared for it. And the place that he prepared was a tent. I don't know if y'all know this or not, but you are the tent. The tabernacle of David. Amen. And there was a tent and it was a place prepared to receive the word. Oh my goodness. I feel like preaching right there because I tell you what, Revelations 10 said it this way. There was a mighty angel that came down from God out of heaven and he had a book hoping in his hand and he come down. Listen, I know the word always comes to a prophet. And that's why there was a seventh angel on the earth. Amen. At the time of that coming, that mighty angel come down to the seventh angel. But friends, amen, the word, Amen, was never, Amen. Listen, when that mighty angel brought that book down, Amen. and handed it down to the seventh angel, it was not for the purpose that a prophet could stand there with a word in his hand and just walk around on the earth with the word in his hand. But the word came to the prophet that the prophet might preach thy word that you and I might receive thy word. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. The whole point of the thing was that the word would be in the bride. Glory to God. And when David saw that word coming, you know what he done? He started dancing. He started dancing before the ark. And I know sometimes, you know, people have trouble with it. But I tell you what, I don't mind dancing. Amen. As long as you're dancing about the right thing. And David saw the word coming and he got so excited about the word being restored. You know why? Cuz David had a revelation. He said, "Amen. David knew if thy word ever gets back in its rightful place, victory will be back in the camp because with the restoration of the word will come a restoration of power. David knew if we get the word back in its place, amen, our enemies are defeated. If we get the word back in this place, sickness will be healed, lives will be changed. [Applause] That's what David was dancing about. Hallelujah. Had a cup running over. Brother said his cup got to running over. When he saw the word returning back. Hallelujah. Amen. His cut. And know you know his wife looked out the window and she was sure ashamed. She sure got ashamed. Amen. But I like David. David, you know, he didn't let Amen. his ashamed wife bother him. As a matter of fact, he told her, "If you think I was something, wait till next time." Come on, church. Amen. And and David, Amen, danced before the ark. But you know the thing about it is is when that ark begin to come the I think it's so beautiful because when that ark, Amen, found its resting place. Amen. David began to appoint singers and musicians and the Levites and Amen. And what did he appoint them for the purpose of doing to continually minister before the Lord? Because in the tabernacle of David, listen friends, the worshiper in David's tabernacle wasn't just a couple times a year. It wasn't just on the appointed Sabbath days and amen and the ceremonial ties. But David said, "I tell you what I want you to do from morning to evening, all the time, every day, I want you to continually offer sacrifice unto God and praise him." Listen, friends, and that's the sacrifices that pleases God. A continual worship. You know what? God loved David's tabernacle. And God even prophesied in the in the Old Testament and he said, "I will restore it. I I'll build it again and bind up the breaches of it." Amen. Amen. And and listen, it's got a connection with you. Oh, glory. It's tied to the Gentiles. Amen. And even Paul uses in Acts 15 and says that the residue of men might seek after the Lord and all Gentiles upon whom my name shall be called, sayith the Lord, who doeth all these things. That's right. Cuz God loved David's tabernacle. With such sacrifices, God is well pleased. A praise that is continually. And then Paul would go on to say he calls it a sacrifice of praise, right? Yeah. You know what that means? It may be costly, right? And inconvenient. That's right. True. You know, I think about David again. Remember when David in the scripture, he send numbering the people? Yeah. And and and And a prophet rose up and went down there and told David said, you know, he gave him a he actually gave David a choice. Yeah. He said, you know, he said pestilence could come in the land or you know, I'll deliver in your hand to your enemies. I don't remember all exactly how it was, but he gave David a choice of you, you know, of the penalty of the sin that he had that he had committed and number of people. And David, I love I love David's answer because, you know, David was in a in a bad spot. And David knew he was. Amen. But David had he had a a revelation. And he said, "I tell you what, I'll just put myself in the hands of a merciful God. Don't put me in the hands of men. I don't want to be under the judgment of men. I just put myself in the hands of a merciful God." I feel like David tonight. Listen, I made many mistakes and I'm still making them. And I'll probably make a lot more. But I'm glad I'm in the hands of a merciful God. Cuz I tell you this, there's a lot of men gave up on me. But God ain't never gave up on me. He ain't never let me get by with nothing. And I've had to pay for a lot of things. But I tell you this, everything I pay for I deserve. And it was all for the purpose. Amen. That God could get me in the position that he wanted me in. That's right. Amen. I just put myself in the hands of a merciful God. But the thing about it is is David come to a spot and he said he wanted to offer some sacrifice unto God. And there was a man out there had a field and David went up to the place and he and he wanted to build an altar and a and he wanted to offer God a sacrifice. Amen. And when he did, Amen. this man out there, he said, "Listen," he said, "if it's pleasing to the king." He said, "You ain't got to buy nothing from me. You You can have this. You can build your altar right here and and here's oxen and here's plow stalks and you can take the the instruments uh uh uh that I plow with and and make a fire out of and you can take my oxen and and make a sacrifice. And David refused it. He said, "Listen," he said, "I'll buy." He said, "Because I refused to offer anything to God that didn't cost me something." David refused to offer God something that it didn't cost him anything. And I tell you what, church, when I look around today, I believe that we have cheapened. [Applause] And what we got, Amen, in this modern religious world that we live in, it's a bunch of cheap worship. And we got people that, amen, are Christians only when it's convenient. And they only go to church when it's convenient. And they serve God when it's convenient. And they worship when it's convenient. My question is is what did it cost you? What are you offering to God tonight? And what did it cost you? Some of y'all know what I'm talking about because there's people and I look around in this building tonight and I know and I see people sitting right here tonight. Amen. And it's cost you a lot to be here. Amen. And you see people in church sometimes and brother Wayne and brother Ray, you know what I'm talking about. And you look down, you look out at the congregation, you see tears flowing down a face and you see hands start lifting up. And you know the life of that person. You know what's behind that. And you know the cost of that praise and you know the things that they've been through. Amen. But that's a sacrifice that God is well pleased. Come on. God wants a people that's going to serve him regardless. God wants somebody like Job that can say the Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away. A blessing be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. I tell you what, church, I feel like this tonight, I believe that God said sometimes God, Amen, is having a a a counsel in heaven like he did in the days of Job. I don't know about y'all, but I I think back home, I told my church one time, I said, I think God, Amen, was having a conversation with Satan, and he said, "Have you ever considered apostolic tabernacle?" [Applause] Y'all know what I'm talking about. Y'all ever think that God might have had a conversation with Satan and said, "You ever consider True Word? You ever consider True Word tabernacle?" And Satan said, "Yeah, I have." But the thing about it is is that ain't fair cuz you build a hedge around them and they're always in revival and come on. And and there's so much love in that church until I can't even hardly get in there. and and you know and you built such a hedge around them and and man they got such good song services and pre and God said okay go ahead go ahead and go in there and stir up some trouble I tell you what I'm even going to allow you to make a a cause problems between a couple families and stir up all kind of problems but you know I love some I love something about the Bible. Amen. That everything that God allowed Satan to do to Job, there was limitations. At first, he said, "Go take everything he's got, but don't you touch him." Satan comes back and he said, "Oh, but you see, if you just turn me loose and let me touch him, I'll make him curse you, too. Go ahead. Go ahead and touch him, but don't you take his life." He can only go as far as God would allow him to go. Come on, church. And I got a word for you tonight that the devil can cause all kind of problems in the church. And he can stir up all kind of strife and cause troubles between families and situations and all kind of things he can do. But there was a word in this Bible that he said, "Don't you touch the oil or the wine." Hallelujah. And brother, I tell you what, the devil can do all kind of things, but he can't take away the stimulation of the revelation. Hallelujah. He can't touch the oil of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Oh, but he'll come and he'll he'll do all kind of things. But the thing about it is he ain't stopped you. [Applause] He stopped you. All kind of bad things happen and you just praise God anyhow. Amen. Because it's called a sacrifice of praise. You know Jesus come to the temple one day. I better check that. And and and and when he did, he found the money changers. You remember that? And he and and and they were out there, you know, ch exchanging money so they could pay their temple tax. and which I've done a lot of study on it years ago and found out that you know there was times that there could be close to 2 million Jews that were coming to the temple at that time and they all were required to pay a temple tax and they said that it was uh equivalent to like two days wages but they had to pay it in a certain um coin and that's why the money changed ers were there to exchange the money, you see. and and then they had also a market set up selling lambs and turtle doves and and and history says that they at first they had kept it separate maybe over by the pool of of you know whatever that pool I can't I can't remember the name of it right now but and they and they said in history but they said it began to move closer and closer until it was right in the temple it and Jesus come into the house of the temple and he finds in there the money changers and they're selling the the the the sacrifices. You know what they had done? They had made worship very convenient. So that the people that was coming, you know, God wanted a lamb. I got a quote for this, by the way. God wanted a lamb, but because you, you know, it was just too much trouble for them to keep a lamb in the in up all year and, you know, and they had to feed that thing and take care of it and keep it alive and and then they had to bring it with them to the temple and and they had to, you know, they'd had to drag that lamb to church. Amen. And it was a little bit of trouble, you know, and they didn't want to have to do all that. So, they made it more convenient. You can just come and buy a lamb. You see the attitude begin to change of how they come to worship and the sincerity begin to leave. And then they showed up at church. I mean right on time. I'm talking about like when it starts or or a few minutes after. Yeah. I I don't know. I didn't see y'all come. It's Thursday night and you know sometimes you know I understand I'm just talking about people in North Carolina not in Ohio. You know we sitting back in the back sometimes and you look out in the you know on the screen and look out the congregation they and one of the brothers say looks like it's going to be thin today. I say just give it some time. Just give it some time. You don't know who's gonna be there till about 15 after, you know, but really, you know, you say that we, you know, I say that and and and but but there's a reality behind it. See, they had made the thing so convenient that they just got there, they just showed up, they just bought him a lamb. There was a priest right there that they could pay to examine it. And the whole thing had just become a a money-making And you know it's amazing that you'll never find in this Bible where Jesus took and drove anybody into the temple. He didn't beat nobody into into the temple, but he did beat some of them out. [Applause] Come on, church. The Holy Spirit's a gentleman. But the prophet of God said when it come to something that broke the harmony between the father. He said that's where Jesus drew the line. Hallelujah. Amen. And he didn't drive nobody in. But brother Amen. When they desecrated the house of God, he platted a whip. I show you something else about that. Jesus didn't do it just out of a rage of anger. Don't try to make God have a temper. He didn't just do it out of a, you know, he wasn't just a mad preacher got up and, you know, started preaching on everybody cuz he's upset. No, that's not what it was. He sat down and thought it through and literally took the time to to to weave the cords together. Come on, friends. He wasn't just mad in a fit of anger. Yeah. Right. I I was when I was studying, I I found also that that that he probably they said that those historians said he probably picked up the little cords that they had used to tie up the lambs that that they had had laying around because when they and they keep them little lambs and things tied up and then when they would give them to the worer, they release those things and lay throw them cords down and he just gathered them things up. and begin to weave them together. Amen. For the purpose of driving them out of the temple because he said, "You made the house of God a den of thieves." And this place is supposed to be the house of prayer. Come on, church. I tell you what, there's a lot of people today made it an entertainment house and a concert hall. But this is a house of prayer. The church is supposed to be a place of praise and worship. We are not here to be entertained. We are not here to entertain one another. We are here to worship Almighty God. Hallelujah. And I tell you what the question that was on the woman at the whale's heart was. Amen. And she come and she told Jesus, "Amen. We've worshiped God on this mountain. Y'all worship God over here. But the real question he asked is where do we worship God?" And Jesus said, "The hour is coming, and now is that they that worship God must worship him in spirit and in truth." That's right. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come. You know, I tell you what, friends. I believe God deserves the best. God don't deserve what you got left. Amen. There's many times I believe that that's what we give to God. Whatever we got left over, you know, after we give to everything else and we give God, we give, you know, we give ourselves to our job, but we give oursel to and I understand those things. We got to, you know, you got to make a living. You got to be a provider. We got to do those things. Amen. That's admirable actually for you to do those things. Amen. But the thing about it is, amen, is God deserves the very best that you have to give. Amen. God deserves the best. Amen. Not some leftover something. Not some superficial put on. Come on, church. God deserves praise from the heart. God deserves a worship that that's coming out of a life that's been changed. That's right. Amen. Yes. Amen. A sacrifice. Brother Brham said Jehovah required a lamb for your sins, but you didn't raise a lamb. So you have a kind old priest. See that your soul would not be lost. They had some sellers to go up there in the courts and make little cages and put lambs in there. So you could take your income that you have done made not of lambs but made of something else to keep our economy going. And when you got sin burdened and you want to get released from your sins, a kindo priest had a place you could go and buy a lamb. But God didn't want your money. Right. He said a lamb and you went and bought a lamb. But what did Jesus of Nazareth do? He come and kicked them things out and emptied them and told them you it's a den of thieves. Listen, Paul would go on to say the praise that pleases God, the sacrifices that please God is a is a worship offered to God continually. It's a sacrifice of praise. Yeah. Other words, something that's it may be inconvenient. Yeah. You may not feel like it, right? Yeah. Hey, man. I'll tell you what. I challenge you to do this next time you you come to church and you don't feel like it. Well, you know, hey, I'm going to just be honest with y'all. Uhoh. Thank you, brother. Maybe that was a warning to be careful how honest. You know what? You know what? Uh cuz I told the church back home, I said, you know, it really ain't much danger nobody making a god out of me. I'll make too many mistakes. And I tell to I tell on myself all the time, but you know, I'll be I'm going to be honest with you. There's times I don't want to come to church either, man. Is that Is that surprise you? Let me shock you. There's times I don't want to come to church. There's times I don't feel like it. And there's times I just absolutely don't want to. You know what? And even get the attitude. Sometimes you'll justify yourself. [Applause] I know I've done it cuz I thought, man, they come to church when they want to, and they don't when they don't. And if they can do it, shouldn't I be able to come on? Y'all know what I'm talking about. But that don't make it right. Amen. But I'll tell you something else. Amen. There's times that I've questioned myself, Brother Wayne. I've actually asked myself this question. I wonder how good a Christian I would be if I wasn't a preacher because I tell you what I'm talking about. There's times that I absolutely read my Bible cuz I have to. You understand what I'm saying? There's time, listen, I ain't got no choice. Cuz Sunday's coming around the corner and Wednesday night's going to show up again and I I ain't got no choice. I got to listen to tapes. I got to read this Bible. if I'm gonna have something to preach, brother. I got to study. But I wonder sometimes I wonder how much I would do that if I didn't have to. And church, I'm going to tell you, if you're just fulfilling a seat out of some uh religious duty, that is not what God's looking for. [Applause] God is looking for somebody that come to worship. Amen. That's coming to praise. That's coming to pull. That's coming. Amen. Because they got a need and they know there's a God that can meet my need. Hallelujah. Amen. And I tell you this, even though sometimes I ask myself that question, there's something on the inside of me that I know even if I did never preach another sermon, amen, there's a seat of God on the inside of my heart. I couldn't quit if I wanted to, [Applause] brother. You say, "What are you talking about, preacher?" Listen, I've tried many times. You don't even know the how many times I preached my last sermon. All right. You don't know the times I said, "I'm done. I quit. I ain't going back." Just like the prophet when the devil was sitting there on his shoulder and telling him, "Well, if he don't think no more of you than this and amen, of you and everything." Brother Bill said this, everything that Satan told him was true. And he was just getting ready to say, "Well, if that's the way it is or if that's the way God feels, if that's the but something on the inside of him." Glory to God. It was something on the inside of him. Brother, that's what God was looking for. And that's the pray and the sacrifice that pleases God. church. I want to just tell you tonight, quit worshiping God by a feeling. Ain't got nothing to do with feelings. True worship and a praise that comes from the heart, sacrifices that pleases God, is not emotional. It comes with emotion, but it's not emotion. Ain't got nothing to do with feeling. Because I tell you why. Because if there's a real worship in your heart, you're going to praise God when you feel it and when you don't. [Applause] Hallelujah. You're going to praise God. Amen. If there's somebody beside you, if there are, if you're the only one, [Applause] it's a sacrifice. Right. And Paul says it's the fruit of your lips. Sometimes we get the idea, you know, well well God knows my heart and you know and and I'm not trying I'm not trying to beat you up church, but I just tell you what the Bible says in the book of Hosea. It says, "Oh Israel, return unto the Lord thy God, for thou has fallen by thine iniquity, and take with you words, right? And turn to the Lord, and say unto him, take away all iniquity, and receive us graciously, for we will render the calves of our lips." The prophet literally, Amen, identifies the praise that comes from the lips of a man as as a sacrifice like unto a calf offered unto God. Oh, I just think about David one time in the Bible. David said it this way. He said, "Let my prayer be as the incense and let the lifting of my hands be as the evening sacrifice." And I tell you what, church, we got an altar tonight. Amen. And we got an incense tonight that's rising up off that altar. You want to know what it is? It's the praise that is coming from the lips of God's believing children. Hallelujah. David said, "Let the lifting of my hands be like the evening sacrifice." Brother, you get a revelation of that. All the devils in hell wouldn't be able to keep your hands down. You say, "Well, I'm tired." I tell you what, make a sacrifice. I tell you what the prophet said. He said, "You say, "Well, I'd worship God if I felt like it." He said, "Do it anyhow." Glory to God. I might as well preach right here. Listen, friends. When they was under Moses and they were following Moses and they come down to the Red Sea, Amen. They had to wait until they saw their enemies dead, floating in the in the in the sea before they started worshiping God. Brother, when God killed their enemies and they looked and they saw all their enemies dead, they picked up tambourines and they danced up and down the seashores and Moses was singing in the spirit. And that's a wonderful thing. But brother, when they got under the ministry of Joshua and they started following that word, they didn't have to wait to see the enemy dead to praise God. They shouted while the walls were still standing. Glory to God. Listen, church, what ministry are you under? I tell you what, I ain't in the wilderness. I'm following Joshua. I'm following the word. Amen. There's something in my heart. If the walls are still standing, I'm going to shout anyhow. If I'm still sick, I'm going to shout anyhow. If the trouble's still there, I'm going to shout anyhow. I might not feel like it, but I'm going to shout anyhow. And while they were shouting, the walls came down. I'll tell you what, church. You start making a sacrifice of praise and you come to church when you don't feel like it. And you'll leave better than you came. Hallelujah. And you start praising God when you don't feel like it. and you'll feel better. Glory to God. Next thing you know, you start feeling better. [Music] Tell you what, church, we ought to give him the sacrifice of our lips. That's right. You love God. Amen. Tell him. [Applause] Tell him I love you. Listen friends, you ain't got to do You ain't got to be like me. Let me make something really clear tonight. You ain't got to worship like me. You ain't got to worship like brother Wayne. You ain't got to worship like brother Jonathan. You do not have to run. You do not have to jump. You do not have to shout. You ain't got to do none of them things. Just whoever you are, however you do it. Maybe you just sit there and lift your hands and cry a little while. Amen. Maybe you just say an amen that nobody hears. But I tell you this. Amen. You are obligated because David said it this way. Give him the praise that is due unto his name. Church. It is a debt we owe. You ain't giving something to God that don't belong to him. You're giving something to God that he owns. It belongs to him. I tell you what, brother. All my life, all my strength, all that I am, I give unto him. It is due unto his name. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. These are the sacrifices that God is well pleased. Amen. Amen. God, I tell you what, friends, and it don't stop there. Let me just say this because before I move on and I ain't going to be just a couple more minutes, but but listen, you giving God a, you know, come to him with words, right? I'll just say this. You're in a relationship, right? Right. He's a old brother back home. Brother Ray, you probably knew. You knew Brother Dan Daisy. And he always said something. It was real kind of comical, but he said he always said this. He said, "I told my wife when I married her that I loved her, and if anything ever changed, I'd let her know." That's kind of comical, but you know, really, that don't work too good. If you love your wife, you ought to tell her. If you love your husband, you ought to tell him. You appreciate him, you ought to tell him. If you love God, you ought to tell him. That's right. Cuz I tell you one thing, he's worthy. Yes, he is. Give him the fruit of your lips. A sacrifice of praise. Yes. Amen. And forget not to do good. Right. And communicate. Oh, mercy. Come on, brother. Cuz I want to tell you the responsibility of our praise unto God don't stop with us just lifting our hands and saying hallelujah in church. True. There's something that accompanies the praise that we have and it's called a life. That's right. And I believe what Paul is actually saying in that scripture there is he said as you're praising and worshiping God, don't get so caught up in all that that you forget to actually be a Christian [Applause] and do good to people. And I tell you what, friends, I I tell you what, I believe that pleases God. Amen. Maybe even more than looking down. And I tell you, church, I want to make this as clear as I can make it. And these brothers that know me, they know I love shouting and running and dancing and all that kind of stuff. I absolutely love it. I like the anointing to be moving in a church and I love people to Amen. I love people to find their liberty and and praise God. But I believe that when God looks down and he sees a person that forgives from their heart like he forgave. I believe that God says, "I'm well pleased with that sacrifice." I believe that when God looks down and sees somebody that loves like he loves, he says, "I'm well pleased with that sacrifice, when God looks down, come on church, when God looks at our sisters with their long hair," Amen. They're worshiping God in the beauty of holiness and their long dresses clothed in modest apparel. He looks at our young men, amen, with a clean haircut, actually look like men, dress like men. I believe God says, "I'm well pleased with that sacrifice." Brother, our worship goes far beyond a hallelujah on Sunday or an amen on a Thursday or a dance at a youth camp. Our worship is a living sacrifice, holy and acceptable unto God. Let your life accompany to your praise. Amen. That's why a prophet would come along and say, "Don't don't jump no higher than you live." A lot of preachers just use that quote to keep everybody from jumping. I don't use it that way. Come on, church. I don't use it that way. I do not preach that quote to kind to try to qu uh make people in my church quit jumping or quit worshiping or praising God. I use it to say, listen, jump all you want. Just make sure you live as high as you jump. And if you can't jump very high, start living high so you can jump high. Glory to God. Because I tell you, the thing that will stop praise in the house of God is condemnation. But brother, if you get a a group of people that are bloodbought, Holy Ghost filled, sanctified by the Holy Ghost, and they know I know what I was and I know what I am, brother. You can't stop a church like that from praising God. You cannot stop young people from praising God, but they know I was bound, but now I'm free. I was lost, but now I'm found. Glory to God. Brother, if you don't understand what this is all about, you just ain't never experienced it. You don't know what God done for me. You don't know where I come from. Amen. Hallelujah. Church, I want to tell you, Amen. What I'm I'm worshiping from a heart. I'm worshiping from a life, a broken family, a broken home, an alcoholic father. Amen. I'm talking about I come through church splits and every trouble you can think about and everything you could dream up around this message, I've seen it. But the grace of God Hallelujah. The grace of God, I shouldn't be here tonight, but the grace of God has kept me. Thank you, [Applause] Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Let me just tell you this tonight in closing as a musicians we come. I think about a man I think about it was at Simon's house one time. Yes, sir. And they invited Jesus to come. Yeah. Like we did here tonight. And as he came, there was nobody there to wash his feet or anoint him. You know the story. Well, there's a little woman. Yes, sir. Brother Nathan, she walked by there and she saw Jesus sitting in the corner and with dirty feet and there was something in her heart. She said, "I cannot leave him. in that condition. I tell you friends, you think about mind battles. I tell you what, that girl fought through some mind battles. Don't you know she thought, brother Zachary, don't you know she thought, "Well, I just ain't worthy. I I ain't worthy. I I got news for you, church. Neither are you. And I ain't either. But I ain't worshiping God cuz I'm worthy. Ain't got nothing to do with my worthiness. It's got everything to do with his worthiness. I ain't worthy. You ain't worthy, but he is worthy. [Applause] She had to fight through all that. She said, "I can't leave him like that." She went and she took everything she had. [Music] Listen, friends, the cost was great. Yes. And she knew how she got it. She took it on. She went down there. And you know I what I'm amazed by this is when brother Ray when she went down there to the to the store, she was getting ready to buy the ointment. She said she just took everything she had. She said, "I want the best that this can buy. Oh, come on. Listen, you know, it might be different for for you than it is for me. Might be different, but I just want the best that I can give. Maybe you can give better and that's wonderful and you ought to give him whatever you can give. But I want to give him the best I can give. She just laid it out there and said, "I want the be. I want everything this can buy." That went the end of it. She paid a greater price than that. She had to walk in there. It cost her pride. She had to walk right by all them critics and scoffers and and they all looking down on her and and rightfully so. You know what I'm saying? I mean, there was a reason why they looked at her that way. She had to lay all that aside and walk right up through there and come right to the feet of Jesus. You know what she did? She took the very best thing she could afford and all that she had. And brother Jonathan, she didn't just take a little bit, pour a little bit, and think, "This cost me so much. I probably ought to save [Music] it." He's all I got after all. Maybe I, you know, I may need to keep a little bit for Sunday. Okay, listen. Listen, friends. This may be the last opportunity you ever have. That's right. [Music] And you ought to come every time when you come to God, you ought to empty everything. Don't go don't go trying to save things for camp meeting and Well, I'm going to say that. Well, next time my favorite preacher preaches out, you know, I'll just keep a little bit. Or, you know, I better wait till Sunday or I better wait to know. Friends, I tell you, every time you come, you ought to just take it all and everything you got, just pour it out. I tell you what I love about that story is a prophet of God said something along these lines. He said, and he's talking to a bunch of religious people. He said, "And if you won't worship God, He said, "God will bring somebody in like that." Listen, friends, I tell you what, if we don't worship God, if we hold our peace, the rocks would cry out. And if we get so pious around this message until we forget what God done for us, God will bring in drunkards and alcoholics and prostitutes off the street that'll know, Amen. the the power that he has to save. Hallelujah. I tell you, I believe sometimes there's many the one of the greatest things that that's hindered the church of the living God is they forgot. They forgot where they come from. And they forgot, amen, what God done for them. But I want to tell you friends, it's time for us to remember. And I love what the prophet of God said about the Ephesian church. He said they had to return in their mind and then in reality. And I believe it's time for us as a church of the living God to remember we was lost when he found us. Amen. We were sinners. Amen. When he picked us up. Hallelujah. We were nothing. Amen. But Christ, Amen. saved us. That's right. Thank you, Lord. And he suffered without the gate. Thank you, Jesus. Let us now go for unto him without the camp, bearing his reproach, giving praise unto his name. Let's stand our feet tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. With such sacrifices, God is well pleased. Oh, I feel a praise rising up out of the hearts of believing Christians tonight. For it's just more than noise. It's more than emotion. It's a sacrifice lay on the altar. A sacrifice of praise, the fruit of our lips. And I say he's worthy tonight. [Applause] He's worthy. Thank you, Lord, Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's sing it. Oh, how I love Jesus. Amen. Let's just sing it to him tonight. [Music] How about you? of Jesus. [Music] Call me first. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. the sweetest on earth. So sing it to him with all your hearts tonight. I'm singing [Applause] over Jesus. [Music] Oh, Jesus. He first love me. Let's sing it like this to me. He so [Applause] wonderful me. So wonderful. [Music] Just lift your hands and sing with all your heart. Oh, I love Jesus. We Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus Jesus. [Music] Because he first love me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. How many enjoy the word of life tonight? Amen. We certainly appreciate the Lord for his mercy, for his grace. Amen. What a what a powerful word. Amen. You know, you pray about things and ask God to do things and then and then you see why. Amen. We certainly highly appreciate the labor of our brother tonight to come so far. Amen. To uh to come and and to deliver the word of life and and give his mercy and Amen. uh and and to put his labor here with us. And Amen. I I personally received a a real blessing. Amen. The word that was spoken, what a what a tremendous word that was given to our heart. Amen. And we're so honored. Amen. Um you know, there's a there's a little song we sing around here sometimes. And uh I don't know, brother Ben, you feel like singing tonight or you you you Yeah. Uh Amen. Uh if you didn't, I'd sing, but I'd rather you sing. Amen. Amen. Whether I feel like it or not. Oh yeah. He's going to do it whether he feels like it or not. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hey, we used to sing that. You sing that song once in a while. I think I'll just throw up my hands and start praising the Lord. When he said that that the lifting of hands is as the evening sacrifice, I thought, Lord, I don't know how to bring an evening sacrifice, but I know how to throw up my hands. That's right. I know how to do it. And I know how to do it on rainy days. And I know how to do it on troubled days. And I can't do a lot, but I can lift my hands. And I when he was saying that, I said I said, "Lord, I just like to lift my hands. I just like you to know that I love you." Amen. In every which time. Amen. [Music] When everything has gone wrong, I have my back to the wall. Satan's coming strong. He really wants me to fall. He say Oh, I won't give up cuz I I just my head crazy. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. I try. There's only two ways I can go. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] I [Music] start my way I know what I got. There's no way I can go. I can still Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Satan just hallelujah. Well, glory to God. Somebody love him tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. I believe we've heard a word from the Lord tonight. Yes, sir. I certainly accept it as a word from Almighty God. If you're under a strong trial or a situation in your life, you heard a word tonight that'll bring you out of it. That's right. That's right. Young lady told me the other night, she said, "Brother Wayne, during those meetings and Amen, on that Saturday night, what a powerful meeting." How many enjoyed that annual meeting we done with the home folk here? And what a powerful meeting. And that Saturday night, Brother Ronnie just knocked it out of the park. God just used him so powerfully. And there was such a victory and a liberty in the in the church. And one of the young ladies came to me after the service. She said, "Well, you young, she's married and and moving on." And she said, "But Brother Wayne," she said, "I got out there." And she said, "I got to rejoicing in the spirit." And she said, "At some point, I started dancing." And she said, "Some people may wonder why I danced." She said, "But every demon that had tormented me that week was under my feet, and I was dancing on the head of the devil." And you know, sometimes you just need to remind the devil that if he's speaking to you in your ear, he's out of place. Cuz he don't belong on your shoulder. He belongs under your feet. Amen. Amen. Amen. Well, I've lost some good friends along life's way. Some loved ones departed in heaven to stay. But thank God I didn't lose everything. I lost faith in me who said they care. In the times of my crisis, they were never there. But in my disappointments and in my season of pain, you see one thing never weren't and one thing never change. Heat. Heat. Heat. Never lost my joy. Heat. Heat. Heat. And this way I lost my focus and I went a straight. Thank God I didn't lose everything. Oh, there were so walking in fear. But in the midst of my struggles and in my seasons of pain, you see one thing and one thing never change. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. My true word are through every I always Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Satan throw everything he's got at you. And then he'll go, "Where's your praise?" And I say, "It's right here, devil. It's right here." Hallelujah. I'm still here. Still here praising. Still here loving. Still here serving. Amen. God bless you all tonight. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Father God, we thank you for the word of life that has come into this place tonight. We thank you for the man of God, Lord, that has took his time to come here and Lord to pour out his heart and soul to your children. Father, we receive the word which has been spoken tonight. And Lord, our praise is here. Father, we pray that it will always remain. Lord, here in this true word tabernacle, may you always find praise, Lord. May you always find hands lifted and hearts open, lips, Lord, that speak your name and honor and glory. Father, we ask you tonight that you would receive it, Lord, that which we have given. Now, we ask you to bless your children. We ask it in the mighty name of Jesus, we pray. Amen. And amen. God richly bless you tonight as you will be dismissed. Uh, brother Levi finished brother Ray's testimony. It's on YouTube now. Uh, there's two parts. life story question and answers. Somebody thank brother Levi. Thank you, brother Levi. God bless you. [Applause] Amen. Amen. We we trust the Lord. Brother Jonathan Martin will be speaking for us Sunday. Y'all set aside a moment and pray for the man of God that God would use him. Amen. I felt like this might be a little mini meeting here. Thursday night, Josh Bennett. Sunday morning, Jonathan Martin. Praise be to God. We're going to have a wonderful time in the house of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. We love you in Jesus name. Amen. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. Everywhere that I will see the goodness of [Music] God. Heat. Heat. I love you, Lord. You have me. [Music] All my days I've been held in your head. From the moment that I wake up until I will sing the goodness. Oh God, I love your voice. I love your voice. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] of the goodness of God. I love your voice. I love your voice. [Music] You have made me through the fire in darkest night. You are close. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Your goodness is running [Music] after. Your goodness is running after it's running with my life. I surrender. I give you everything. Your goodness is running. [Music] Your goodness is my life. I surrender now. It's running for [Music] me cuz all my life [Music] you all Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I am. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. I see the evidence of your [Music] goodness all over my life. All over my life I see your promises in fulfillment. Hallelujah. All over my life. All over my life. Oh, I see the [Music] evidence. It's all [Music] over. It's [Music] all I see. I see the promises he fulfilling all my life. All over my life. I see. I see the evidence. It's all over. [Music] I see the pro is all over. I see the Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, I see. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. I see your promises. I see your promises in [Music] fulfillment. It's all over. It's all over. Thank you, Jesus. Jesus, thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies I see. Hallelujah. All I have needed, thy handathy. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord. Oh, great is thy faithfulness. Hey. Lord to thee. [Applause] [Music] Summer and winter. [Music] Free time Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. New mercy.
