################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-27 - Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘Feeding On The Secret Things Of God' - (Thurs 3/20/2025) - Wayne Lawson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-27
Title:   Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘Feeding On The Secret Things Of God' - (Thurs 3/20/2025)
Speaker: Wayne Lawson
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUdHVMU2vQ0
========================================

Pour your spirit out on [Music] me. Fall just like the [Music] rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart. Oh, and make me [Music] home. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Oh Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your love. Find my dry broken places. Thirsty for your love. [Music] Lord, forgive me if I wondered far away from [Music] you. You are all I ever needed. Come and make me new. Pour your spirit out on [Music] me. Fall just like the [Music] rain. Saturate. Oh my thirsty soul, come and fall on me. Feel my [Music] heart. Fill my heart. Oh, and make me whole. Lord, I need you. Oh, I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit. Pour your spirit out on me fall just like rain saturate my thirst. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and pain. I you down. Pour your spirit out. Lord, I see you. Lord, I see you. Help me find you. How I heal your touch. Find my dry broken places thirsty for your love. Lord forgive me if I find away from you. You are all You are all ever need. Come and make me [Music] [Applause] [Music] spat. Feel [Applause] my feel my [Music] heart. I pour your spit out. Amen. That's our welcoming prayer to him that he would just pour his spirit out upon us. Amen. A a place that he would be able to to fill our hearts. And we just want to tonight if we can just to bow our hearts for a word of prayer. Father, it is such an honor to come into your house tonight to have the privilege, Lord, to be able to gather together with such a wonderful group, Lord, and love you. And Father, they have found this message to be the answer to their hearts. And Lord, I just pray tonight that you would help us as we have looked upon these things that you would bring the spirit of wisdom and revelation among us, Lord. that you would speak to the needs, Lord, that you would develop these thoughts and that you would feed, Lord, the inner part of man. And Father, as we bow our hearts in your presence, we we recognize the great need of you upon these things. And we'd ask, Lord, that as your children eat the bread, may it be like it was in the Exodus, Lord. May there not be a feeble one among us, Lord. May you heal the bodies. May you take care of the needs. Father, we ask you for your great mercy upon each of them. Father, we ask tonight that you would touch our brother Johnson, Lord, that you would bless him. And Father, uh I ask that your grace would be upon him. And Lord, as we look to you for the for the meat of each need, we ask it in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. And God bless you. Amen. Uh I was going to read this. appreciate everyone's prayers for brother Samuel Johnson. He was admitted yesterday into the hospital and he is in pretty rough shape. He needs a real touch from the Lord. Amen. So, just keep him in mind and prayer. Amen. God bless you tonight if you have your Bibles with you. Um I'd like to uh if I could speak a little bit further on the subject there um from Sunday. Um, of course I'm in a bit of a series right now looking at the opening of the word. And uh, Sunday I was showing of God's provided uh, and providence or his provision in the time of famine. Tonight I want to speak to you, if I title it, I want to talk to you on feeding on the secret things of God. And uh if we can look in Revelations the 10th chapter, I'd like to read the uh seventh verse down to the 11th and also the book of Matthew the 4th chapter and the fourth verse. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he has declared unto his servants the prophets. And and the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again, and said, "Go and take the little book, which is open in the hand of the angel, which standeth upon the sea, and upon the earth." And I went unto the angel, and said unto him, Give me the little book. And he said unto me, Take it, and eat it up, and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey. Now that is the book that they couldn't touch in Revelations 5. And now since that the angel, the seventh angel has revealed it, John has been invited to take it and eat it up. And he said, "And I took the little book out of the hand, out of the angel's hand and ate it up." Now, Brother Brandham actually uses this uh place and he says that these revelations are coming to us. He said from the hand of vindication. So when you reach to take this book, you're taking a revelation from the hand of vindication. That's what you're doing. So he said, "Give me the book." And he took it to eat it up and it shall make thy belly but it shall be as sweet in thy mouth. 10th verse. And I took the little book out of the angel's hand. And I ate it up and it was in my mouth. He one place he says, "Do it and it shall be." Now he's doing it and found as it was. And he ate it up and it was in my mouth sweet as honey. And as soon as I had eaten, my belly was bitter. And he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many peoples and nations and tongues and kings." Let's also look at Matthew the 4th chapter and the fourth verse. Of course, this is the great temptation of the Lord. And when Satan is coming against him uh and he has asked uh the Lord, Satan has asked the Lord to uh to make a stone into bread. And the Lord answered him and said, "It is written that man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God." Amen. May God bless his word tonight as you be seated. Again, I'd like to talk to you a bit on feeding on the secret things of God. Amen. Now, of course, this this opening of the word that we've been speaking about, of course, is the divine provision of the age. It's the it's the word that has proceeded out of the mouth of God. Amen. It's what God has given for us. When brother Bam preaches the message spiritual food in due season, he actually talks about how that Elijah visited a gentile woman uh the the widow of in Sarapet there. And when he visited her, amen, that it was in the time of a judgment and it was a time of famine. Amen. But because that she gave unto Elijah, amen, it was predicted that her mill barrel would never run dry and her curse of oil would never run out. Now, of course, Brother Brandham is typing spiritual food in due season. He's talking about Elijah of that day. But, you know, he's talking about his own ministry and how that it was to a widow then in the time of famine. And he then tells us that according to the Bible that there is a a famine prophesied in the last days in Amos the 8th chapter, the both the 11th and the 12th verse speaks of this. But the Bible said, "The days come, sayaeth the Lord, that I will send a famine in the land, and will not be a famine of bread, nor thirst for water, but for the hearing of the words of the Lord." Amen. For the hearing of the words of the Lord. When brother Brandham describes that famine, he actually tells us that America now is the place that Amos saw and prophesied of. And when he prophesied of that, brother Brandham beyond the curtain of time actually will tell us or curtain of time will tell us the secret. He says, see what it is is a man won't know what to believe. It's not that there's not plenty of preaching. It's just nobody knows what to believe. Amen. Because people are confused. He said, see, they're confused because one man says it this way and another one says it this way. He said, "But we should base our thoughts on thus saith the Lord." Amen. Amen. So I I certainly believe that a minister ought to preach, Amen. Thus sayaith the Lord. Amen. Amen. And and and and we find out then of course it's a time of famine such as never before. And if it's the pale horse of confusion, the only thing that will uh raise a standard against confusion of the pale is the eagle of the great ministry of a prophet. And he brings revelation because revelation is the thing that conquers confusion. Revelation takes a hold of it and David describes this in Psalms 37 and he says it in the 19th verse. He said there's they shall not be ashamed in an evil time and in the days of famine they shall not be satisfied. Amen. So so David is saying that my people will not be ashamed. Amen. Now the word ashamed, brother Bram says it in the message ashamed is exactly it's like a person that's embarrassed and they're embarrassed because they don't know what they're talking about. In other words, they're not sure of something. So then they're they're ashamed to talk about it. That's why sometimes people are ashamed of the gospel because they're not just solidly sure about that gospel. But but according to scripture, they will not be ashamed. Do you see then? Amen. In the time of famine, to be satisfied means, Amen. There's a famina going on. But the famine is because people are confused about what to believe. But there will be a people, the people of God, that will not be confused because we have had a message. We've had a thus sayaith the Lord. We we have taken the book from the hand of vindication. There has been a vindicated prophet. Romans 9 and3 was given to brother Brandham when he he was uh having the vision of the seven angels bringing him his commission. And in Romans 9 and 33 it is written, "Behold, I lay in Zion." How many know Zion is the bride city? I lay in Zion a stumbling stone a rock of offense. But whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed. Amen. Amen. Speaking of the message of the hour coming into the bride church that it would take away the shame of the church. Amen. Brother Bam actually says she won't be ashamed because she has an absolute. Amen. She has the the truth. Amen. You know Jesus uh who was the word in Matthew 5 tells us in the biatitudes that blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness for they shall be filled. Now he knew the Bible said there would be a famine in the last day. But the same writer, the same God that said a famine was coming also said that if you're hungry you'll be satisfied. Amen. And therefore, we recognize then God had to have something in mind to be able to hide some food away for his bride in the time of famine. Amen. There would be some stored up food. There would be food that would be placed in a place, amen, that that bride would be able to eat during the time of famine. I I think so wonderfully of a of of a message to describe that to us in this age. You know, brother Bannam talks about this in trying to do God a service without it being his will. And he talks about how that men can worship God. He said, "But they they do it in vain." And Jesus said they do it in vain. How many knows what he he meant by that? Jesus said they teach for doctrine the commandments of man. And since they do that, the the the the worship is in vain. The preaching is in vain. It doesn't feed the church because it's coming from a man. It produces a famine rather than producing, amen, a bride food. Amen. Because it is a time of confusion. Now, Brother Bam preaches two sermons back to back. And you won't really understand the the greatness of spiritual food and season until you listen to the morning service trying to do God a service without it being his will. And he's describing how that David tried to bring the word of God without consulting a prophet. He's trying to bring a bride's revival without a prophet. And brother said, "See, then that's what's happened. Instead of bringing revival, denomination brought death, thinking they're doing something for God, but they're actually killing the hearer." I hope you're hearing me. Men that think they have a little better idea than the prophet, they're not bringing revival. They're killing the people that is listening to it. and putting them in a famine. Amen. Of spiritual famine that they won't know what to believe. Amen. Amen. You see, they're teaching for doctrine. Brother man said, "But now I know nothing but the message of the Lord." I love that. Don't you? He said, "I don't know nothing but the message of the Lord." He said, "And tonight then, I want to speak on me in season if the Lord willing, spiritual food in due season." Now, uh you got to catch this because we're going to use it later. Brother Bam says his evening service would be titled spiritual food in due season, but he's telling you it's called meat in due season. Meet in due season. He's going to teach us how to receive it. Amen. Isn't that beautiful? Because when Elijah went to the widow's path, she had to know how to receive it. It wasn't it see it wasn't just everybody that had food. There was a famine going on. Amen. But there was a channel to receive food if you knew how to receive it. And the same thing in this age. There's a great storehouse full of the secret mana of God. But you got to know how to receive it. You You can't come to this message with a ton of ideas and walk away fed in your soul. Amen. But when you steal away and you forget your unbelief and and you lose all the naysayers and the critics and you get away from all that, then you're able to eat this message and it brings sustaining life on the inside. Amen. Brother Brandham says they're trying to do it. He said they're trying to bring it. Amen. But it's not the will of God to bring it that way. He said, but now this is spiritual food in due season. He's speaking of his own message. This is spiritual food in due season. This is the time of judgment. But we have a message of God that has allowed us to go into the secret place. Amen. To go into the secret place. And I I certainly believe this. I believe that the same prophet that called judgment on this nation also called us in our secret place. He's the one that told us you'll not get fed in the Pentecostal age any longer. Do y'all know you can't feed this bride Pentecostalism? You know, you can't feed her that. Amen. She won't eat the husk down there with the prodals. Well, remember said that the Bible said the prodal was down there. But I'm ready to eat the husk. It was a time of famine. But then he thought down at my father's house, even the servants eat better than that. See? See, you can't feed the bride of Pentecostalism that comes from Isuza Street, this bride would feed on the unfailing body word. They they come into the message of the hour. Amen. Where they're able to come into the secret place of God by the plan of God, by the call of God, by the word of God. That's exactly what Elijah did. He went into a secret place. And that's exactly what the bride does. She goes into a secret place. And in that place, there's a lot of food. There's plenty to eat. Amen. Amen. In the book of Psalms, the 27th chapter, little this is rehearsal, so I'm getting you back where we where we're at. But in Psalms 27 and5 the Bible said, "For in the time of trouble shall he hide me in his pavilion. And in the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me." Amen. He shall hide me in the secret. Can you just say it? In the time of trouble, in the time of famine, in the time of confusion, in the time when the world's falling apart, I'll take you in the secret place. And in that secret place, there'll be plenty to eat. There'll be revival there. There'll be grace there. Amen. A prophet knows this because he is the one that brought the judgment on this nation. He's the one that said that judgment is about to strike us and the church went for they went for the secret place. Amen. I'm I'm going to give you my title out of my quote. We notice here again, if the word is in us and has come to us as it did Elijah in that day, it'll do the same thing today he did. He would feed on the secret things of God which is hid from the world. That's right. You got to hear that it's hid from the world. Amen. It makes the message and the messenger one. See, the spiritual food is ready and it's in season now. And each one of you can have this food if you wish. If you're willing, now watch. If you're willing to steal away from unbelief of this hour, if you're ready to come into Christ, then you can come into Malachi 4. You can come into Luke 17. You can come to Revelations the 10th chapter. You can go into Revelation 5. You can go into Revelations 18. Matter of fact, the book has been open for the church to come into the secret place of God that they would be able to feed on the word of God. I believe today that we have a message that has been that has that that God has stored a message for us. Amen. In for the time of famine. Now, now, now y'all all know Brother Bam had a great uh vision, had dreams, and was told that he was to store food for the church. How many knows that God told him to store food? Now, now you would have thought some places you store food maybe in a pyramid or in a Tupperware container or you store food in grain bins, right? But the prophet stored our food in tapes. How many knows that? And he said, "Lord, give us a tapeful or a barrel load." Amen. So the the tapes that's in your we call them tapes now. This went digital. I know. But but but but it was stored in magnetic. It was stored in his voice. Aren't y'all glad that we can go and listen to what the prophet said? Amen. You you you know and I did it. I've looked at quotes and think brother might have meant this or something and go listen to it and he puts a different inflection and and takes the confusion out and sets it right back. And amen. There was a reason that God said in the days of the voice, Amen. There's a reason I I I would implore every person in the building, take your time and listen to the messages at home. Listen listen to those tapes, you know, let those tapes ring out and play and and and and let feed on it and fellowship with the Lord. Brother Bam says, "Of course, God gave them uh uh him to put on there." And and now he says this, "And I've done all I know how to do, Lord, to feed them on the bread of life as in the vision many years ago with a big curtain laid in the west and a mountain of the bread of life and that little book." Now, now I'm going to Can I reread this vision for you? It it's a very necessity. Brother gives a vision. And he said, "Seemingly, I was walking northeast on a road when a spirit turned me and pointed me toward the west and I was facing a great mountain and it seemed to be a mountain of the Lord. It was towering high church steeple on the top of it. And then I asked to go west toward the mountain and I was entered through the door and on the inside I met a woman who had a garment that might have been Snow White at any time, but now the garment was sold." And she asked if I was Brother Billy Brandom. I replied, "I am." She then introduced herself as Miss Me. Miss Mrs. Methodist that was the former age. And I asked her, "Where'd you get all the spots on that lovely garment?" And she said, "I've been so busy." That's right. You Methodist have been making organizations and societies in your church, and you haven't had much time for the Lord. And she said, "Well, I told you that you were being sent to me, but maybe I should awaken my husband." And then she disappeared. Now looking to my left, I saw a small heap of smooth baked bread and there were white fouls standing near it, but they would not eat it. Not much of it. Now then the Lord said, "Do you know them?" And I said, "No." He said, "That is your tabernacle, and they won't eat the bread of life anymore. So I'm sending you this way." And then I journeyed westward. Now this is in the 40s. And brother Bam, don't go westward to the 60s. Now, not disobedient. He said, "I was then brought to a plane where there was a platform that was erected seemingly. It was under a large tent." Now, this is in the 40s. He's already telling this in 56. He has a tent meeting, a vision. And the Lord told me to pull back the curtains. And when I did, I saw a great mountain of the bread of life. And he said, "Feed these." See, the the the the brand tabernacle wouldn't eat it anymore. So, he was told, "Feed these." and turning, I saw white robed people coming from everywhere, making up a large audience. Amen. White robed people coming from everywhere. How many How many realizes this? First pull was right there in Jeffersonville. Amen. That second pull started off up there in Saskatchewan, but that third pull is a worldwide bride who's coming to feed on the word of God. The message doesn't belong to Jeffersonville, folks. Amen. And I could get deep in this, but that's the reason that white horse rider come riding out of the west because this message that was given to you, this this bread of life wasn't just something out of Jeffersonville. It was something out of the west. Amen. That God was meeting there. I I have a lot in it, but I don't have time for all of it. But I'll say this. Amen. That the people who was the the the the peoples of the world would saw that great mountain of bread and white road saints coming to eat that bread of life. Now what is the bread of life of this age? It's the message that William Brandham spoke to us in this age. God gave us bread for the time of famine. Amen. Now according to brother Brandham, Amen. He actually declares that in 1 Thessalonians the 4th chapter and the 16th verse, he calls the shout of 1 Thessalonians 4 the living bread which is his message. Amen. You've heard him say it. The shout is the message. But he also says the shout is the message, the living bread bringing forth life. This message is bread and it's a germatized seed that has been stored on the tapes to bring a climax to this rapturing church that in this last day of all of this wickedness and all of this darkness that would still be a message of truth. Amen. That would still be sounding out in the age we're living in. Listen, I I know we've come up to this age and you remember this quote from Sunday. Amen. But the prophet said he got bit by a deity spirit, but because of the richness of his blood, it didn't affect him. He said, "Now you wait, and when these seals opened up, there's going to be some vitamins that's going to come out of this that's going to put the church with some rich blood." So all of these doctrines that have been spread out through the age, there'll be a bride if she'll feed on this message. Amen. Her rich blood. Now, it doesn't say you won't get bit, but it says it won't have an effect on you. Amen. Something begins to turn it because of the richness of the blood. Amen. That comes upon it. I I'll say this. Brother Bam said, "Thank God. We're so thankful tonight. We're so thankful, Lord, for the spiritual food of these seven seven seals that was promised to be opened." Amen. These this spiritual food, Amen, of seven seals. Do y'all know a lot of people thinks that's where brother Brandham lost his mind was on the seven seals. They they agree all his prophetic side was great. But when he started teaching, that's when he really went off. Amen. Do you recognize? Amen. But that's where the bride's food is. Amen. Is in not in the first portion of his message. The bride's food is in that latter part of that message when after the opening to the seals, Brother Brandham stepped into Revelations 10 as a prophet in the second climax of his own messages and took the bride and ushered her out of a Pentecostal age into a bride and to manifest that bride in this age. Now, you'll not do this and without the message of the hour. You you can be a good church and you can get a good gathering. You could get a good following, but to be that bride, you've got to have bride food. Amen. And that bride will only feed on the unfailing word of the living God. Amen. That's the reason. Now, now this this richness of this message, it's rich. Now, it's real rich. The things that this messenger taught are very rich. And the prophet of God said, "That's why it don't go out in these big places. That's why it don't go out in the crusades amongst the denominations. Why? Why ain't it on every television program in America? Brother Bam said, "Because it's not their food." Come on, church. God ain't playing games. He's not trying to see the biggest crowd he could get. Do you know that before Noah ever built the ark, God gave him the measurements. God gave him the measurements. He built the ark. Preached 120 years. But before he preached the first word, God knew how many people would get on that ark. Amen. And every person that's going to believe this message is already in the lamb's book of life from before the foundation of the world. This food was not sent here for everybody. It was sent for that bride. Amen. The the wife of Christ. You know, it's it's an amazing thing. It's not bride. It's not their food. This is bride food. And it's spiritual food. Brother Brham said it would make them sick to their stomach. It's too rich. Now, I I'll get into it maybe in another sermon, but I I just want to place it just here for you. But in John the 6th chapter, how many realize that Jesus fed 5,000? Right? And then after he fed the 5,000, he turns around. Amen. And then says they they said, "Well, what what what what miracle will you give us?" Seeing that we're going to follow you, Moses gave them mana in the wilderness. And Jesus corrected them. He said, "Moses didn't give you the bread." He said, "But my father gave the bread." Remember that. And then he said, "But I am the true bread that cometh down out of heaven. I am the bread of life that cometh from heaven." And then let him know that no man come to me unless my father first draw him. In other words, there's no miracles that's ever going to bring the bride. Amen. It'll have to be the true bread that'll bring the bride into him. Now, now look, I I can say this far beyond that. Jesus immediately ties predestination to him being bread. No man come unto me lest my father first draw him. Immediately he tells you not everybody's going to eat this food. That's why there's a first pull, a second pull, and a third pull. He said them first two pools were there, but the bride is drawn by that third pull. It's the food of that great Now, not everybody can eat it. Amen. And I I'm not throwing off on anybody. I'm just saying some some people, it's pretty funny. Somebody told me today said, "Well, if you ever have your gallbladder moved out, you can't eat certain foods." And and you know, that's the truth. And but thank God, amen, that that you know that happens in the natural, right? Foods you can eat, foods you can't eat. But when it comes to this message, it takes the bride to eat the bride part of the message of the hour. Amen. Now, the food's in season, spiritual food. It's something the world knows nothing of it. See, that's what he says. The same place Elisha walked up and said, "Do will not come until I ask." He said, "I have food that you don't know about." Do you see the true the true believer, the body of believers has access to food, spiritual food that nominals know nothing about. Now, the world knows nothing about this food. But father, but your church, your people, the bride of your son loves it. They love it. What is it? It's it's the food of the season or bride food. Would you uh find Brother Bam in the unveiling of God? Powerful sermon. Brother Brandham in the unveiling of God does something wonderful is he takes the tabernacle in the wilderness and he shows you there's an outer court, an inner court, and a holies of holies. You all know that. And in that holies of holies, remember, was the word. And in there was also the golden oafer full of the hidden mana. But then the pillar of fire was over that word. Now, brother Bam teaches us that the word is a seed. And he said the seeds of that promise was laying there on that shakana light and that it would manifest or ripen. He said that's why they had shoebre laid outside of the holies of holies in the holy place where the priest would come in. They you remember there was bread there and they would eat that bread and that was called the bread of his face or the bread of his presence. And what it was saying is you're eating this because there's something else behind that veil. So there was a there was a there was actually a shakana glory that would bake the shoe bread. Brother Ram says it makes it bread for believers. Now, that's what the shakana does in this age. It takes the word that's in the Bible and ripens it for the bread of the church that they might be able to eat things that's been laying in this Bible throughout seven ages. Amen. Nobody ever was able to eat it. But when God ripened it, he put it in a place that we could eat it. Amen. I don't know how to say it other than hillbilly. Let's say it like this. You didn't eat green beans until you open the can. Amen. You can't you can't eat something that ain't open. And when God opens it, he manifests it or he makes it come into bread, into edible, something brings it to pass. See, when God brings his word to pass, that's when it becomes bread to the believer. Amen. Do you see? Now, Brother Manimma, tell us this. Now, if you like it, if you like a bit of a Bible study, you can look in Leviticus 24 and watches verse 5 down to verse 8. And it tells you of how they made the fine bread that went into the holy place which was called shoebre or called the bread of his presence. In Exodus 13:16 and31, Exodus 16:31-35, it'll actually tell you how that there was mana that fell in the wilderness and the people could eat it. But then Moses was commanded to take a part of that bread and put it in the holy holies of holies. But see, Christ was both of those breads. He was the shoe bread and he was the bread in the holies of holies. Amen. Each one of them symbolized, amen, a bread of his presence or a bread that was hidden, amen, that could be eaten. Now, of course, in Revelation chapter 2, Jesus uses this and said, "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit says to the church and to him that overcomemeth." Yeah. Will I give to eat of the hidden mana? I will give to eat of the hidden mana. Now, what was that? That was speaking of that Old Testament thought of where the mana was put in that holies of holies. And Jesus was saying, "If you overcome, I'll let you eat of that hidden mana." Amen. What are you overcoming? Criticism, doubts, unbelief, self. You've got to overcome. Amen. To believe to eat. Now, Brother Brandon will say it here in hidden life. He said, "He that overcomemeth shall inherit all things, and he shall be my son. I will be his God, and I will give him hidden mana. I will hide him away and I will give him the hidden things that the world on the outside of this curtain don't know nothing about. They don't know nothing about and you can't tell them about it. I I don't mean that in a in a negative way, but I mean it's food for you. It's it's it's rich. It's beautiful. It's it's food. It's encouraging. It's strength. It's faith. But to others, it it's not food. They don't know about it. Religious but don't know about it. I I'll give you God's wrapped gift. Brother Brandham tells us of how the three magi are coming to find the word made flesh. Jesus said he was the bread of life. They were on their way. Amen. To find the bread of life. And when they and when they come to Jerusalem, the the the the sinner of religion, they come in and said, "Where is he born king of the Jews?" And they didn't even know what they were talking about. Think about that. That great event had happened and transpired right in their just right by their city in Bethlehem, but they didn't even know it had taken place. Amen. It was it was Do you see God could do great miracles and we don't even know that it happened. So just because somebody will say, "Well, Brother Wayne, if the message is so right, why didn't the whole world know about it?" Cuz the world don't know everything. and actually prophesied in this age to be a secret. Have y'all ever thought about that? All the hundreds of prophecies of the birth of Christ. Amen. How he was to come the first time and they missed it. And it wasn't supposed to be a secret. But in this age, it's promised that it will be a secret. Then how much greater will they miss it in this age than they did in that age? But blessed are your eyes for they see and blessed are your ears for they hear that you might feed on the secret things on the secret things of God. Amen. They didn't have an answer. They didn't know what it was. Brother Ram says it very in return in Jubilee. How many remembers when the Jubilee horn would sound? Amen. That it's what separated the slaves from the sons. Remember that when the horn would sound, they'd be working in the field. the son of a farmer that had been sold off into slavery. He'd be working out in the field right next to a slave in the same field and you couldn't tell the difference. But when the Jubilee trumpet sounded, it said to the son, "You can return to your inheritance." But the slave didn't know nothing about it because he had no inheritance to return to. And when the bride hears the message of the hour to her, it's a return. It's a return to her glory. It's a return to the presence of God. It's a return to her inheritance. Come on, church. As she's feeding, she's feeding on divine inheritance. Oh my goodness. That's exactly if Eve could have just got back to that tree. She could have had everything back. If she could have just ate of that tree, hope that we are living in an age where we have returned to the tree, the tree of life. Amen. There's not a cherub with a sword trying to keep you out of it tonight. There's a cherub with a sword driving you back the presence of God where you could receive everything that has been lost. My when you feed on this message, you take back. It's an authority in your mouth. It's an authority in your life. It's so rich. And people that begin to eat it begin to believe things like that they were the sons and daughters of God before the foundation of the world. They begin to believe that they have authority over the devil. They begin to believe that they are the bride of Jesus Christ. Oh, when they begin to feed on these things, amen. Hallelujah. Begin to return to their inheritance. The world don't know nothing about it because there's no representation. Yes, sir. Oh, but to you that come from God, the world don't know nothing about him. Brother Bam said, but we seen him and we identify him. He identifies himself. Now, the prophet will tell us this. All the glory of God is hid in his word. It's in the unveiling again to the unbeliever by tradition. See, all the glory of God's hid in it. They looking right at it but don't see it because it's hid. It's hid by a tradition. Now here brother Bama tell us this. He said all that God was was in it but it's hid. And he said now we being in him we are veiled to religionist and professors of the world. Our glory that we have and are enjoying is still veiled to the outsiders. They think we're crazy. Yeah. Look right at it and think we're crazy. We're out in the aisle dancing and shouting and running and jumping, enjoying the presence of God. Great spiritual blessings falling. Amen. Think we're crazy. Why? Because we're feeding on a secret thing. Something they don't know anything about. Hey, listen. It was prophesied to be a secret. It's a prophecy. It's not just a written word to us tonight. This is a reality to us. It's not just a a word that's written. It's been a manifestation. And the true believers of this age see it. They see the open word manifested. Now, of course, Brother Bam deals with this and talks about the difference in the birds. And he talks about an eagle, how he sees and how a hawk sees. Yeah. Now you see when you're coming into this age, you're climbing way high on the mountain, right? But brother Ram says, "See, but by the time other birds get up to that place, they can't see nothing." Amen. There there's other birds existing in religion the same time as eagles are rel they're there. We're all there. But brother Bam said, "But when they get that high, they go blind. They can't see what you see. They can't see the things that you're getting because they can't see it. They can't eat it. But to that true bride, come on. Now listen, let's tie it together. They don't know it. They can't see it. They can't look at it. Amen. That's why, watch, the prophet said it. That angel's voice said to me, "I'll meet you in there. This will be the third pull, but nobody will know nothing about it." Nobody will know nothing about it. It will not be a public show. Come on, church. This is not a public show. This is not Amen. It's not It's just not a public show. This is happening behind the veil. This is happening in the secret place where the church of the living God are feeding on the secrets of God. My having a revival and nobody else can figure out what you're excited about. What they excited about? What's what's so inviting to a Thursday night service that would excite people to get out of their homes and come together and worship? It's a secret to the world. They don't know. Seen a guy the other day, he said, "Brother, brother, what do y'all do to have all them young people y'all got?" I said, "It's a secret. It's a secret." Amen. What is it? It's the secret things of God. It's the feeding of this message. The devil don't know nothing about it. The world don't know nothing about it. Hey, I'll tell you the prophet of God said it. He said, "If you'll think real closely, the Bible said, "Here is it who has wisdom. The third pull is properly identified. We know where it is. And the third pull is here." All them years him saying it was hidden and it was a secret. Everybody got to thinking it wasn't even open. But it wasn't open to the public. It wasn't open to everybody. But to that bride that was willing to go behind the veil, come on. He's not looking for a blessing bride tonight. He's not looking for a bride that won't go into the experience of God. Come on, church. This is now Y'all know me. I'm separating Pentecost from the message, not the blessing of Pentecost. But the Pentecostal age come up to the veil and they didn't want to go in there. You see it? They denied. They committed adultery by denying a furtherance of the word of God. They said, "We've got it. We've shouted. We've enjoyed it. We've got denomination. We don't need anything further." But to that bride, she knows the relationship is not in the kitchen. It's not in the living room. It's beyond the veil. There's a relationship behind the veil. Come on, church. Amen. A young couple gets married, it's all physical. It's physical. Physical. But if that relationship's going to continue, something's got to change. Something's got to change because it won't stay that same way your whole married life. But after a little while, you begin to find that everything happens in wording. It becomes a stimulation by the sharing of secrets and inner thoughts and and setting with relationship until it becomes stimulating. There's a bride tonight that's went beyond just a physical workup of emotion. She's heard the word and she's went behind the veil where the presence of God is in there revealing. He's revealing himself. Come on. Amen. He built a place, sir. He built a place that nobody could see him that he could unveil himself to you. He's not unveiled himself on the corner. He built a secret place. Hallelujah. Glory. Wonderful. And with love secrets, he said, "Come on back here. Come here, honey. Come on back in this room. There's a relationship the world won't know nothing about. But to her, it's a love affair. To her, it's a revival. To her, it's her Lord. It's the food of her life. It's the joy of her soul. There's nothing greater than when you break beyond the veil. And you don't care what the world thinks. You don't care what an unbeliever thinks, but you're in the presence of that shakana. Glory. Glory begins to move forward. He's not He's not looking for a blessing bride. He's looking for a people to press in behind the veil. Don't be ashamed of him. It's so sacred. Brother Bam said, "I can't say anything about it. It's so sacred. It's so secret. It's so hidden." Yeah. But to you that have wisdom, to you the third pull's here to you. To you, the first pull it was a healing. And to you that has wisdom, the second pull, it was a prophesying. But to you that has wisdom, the third pull is the opening of the word. It's the revealing of the mysteries where the bride will climb back into her former glory through the veil of the word. And when she goes in behind the veil, all the glory, all the power, all the things that God had for her in the beginning are right there in that place. Oh my. That third pull was the opening of them seven seals. Let's say it again together. The third pull, third pull was the opening of seven seals. The third pull is the opening of the word. See the third pull, the opening of the word. Brother Bam was calling the opening of seven seals the opening of the word. These are old arguments we had as kids coming up. People used to argue about the seventh seal. You know, it was kind of fun back in the day, wasn't it? They had quotes and you had quotes and they had quotes and you had quotes and it was it was it was good. It was it was iron sharpened and iron. I didn't always think it was good, but some, you know, looking back on it, it was a pretty good time. Of course, I was always right. Well, if you believe that, I got a Golden Gate Bridge for sale right here in Ohio. You see, it's not going to be a public show, right? But he will reveal it to the people that will believe it. Amen. See, brother Bam says, "See, the reason they don't believe it is because they don't believe the messenger." Remember that they can't do the works of God because they don't believe the messenger. And the message and the messenger are one. Amen. So the bread of the age was coming through the messenger as he personally manifested Christ in the age so much that men wanted to worship him and he was saying oh no don't do that it's the prophecy of the age that bread was to come through a messenger your bread now thousands and thousands brother Bam says have heard it seen it across the magazines and everything else they look right at it they don't know what it is. But to you that recognizes it releases the power to heal. It releases a power of forgiveness. Do you see as you eat it, you find that it's the son of man that's revealing himself and the word is becoming flesh among us. This message should open your eyes. Amen. Eating this bread should open your eyes. Y'all remember in Luke 24, it was the resurrected Christ. They were, but they didn't know it. But when they got in that little room, Yeah. Come on. And he broke the bread in the evening. In the breaking of the bread, they recognized it's him. Do you see that? This is the age. He broke the bread. He opened the seals. And we looked up and said, "That ain't brother Brandham doing that. Only the lamb can open that book. It's the resurrected one bringing back this age of food for the church. It ought to open your eyes. If that opened their eyes, this should open your eyes to who it is. It's an evening message and it will produce evening results. It's too plain not to see it. Amen. It's too plain not to see it. Now, I'm a I'm a I'm a message preacher. I am not going to apologize for that. I'm sorry. I'm just not. Do you know that I believe with all of my heart and brother brother Ericson is in 100% agreement with me on this point. We're in agreement period but in this point doubly that this church is not for just everything. It's not just for every preaching and every teaching and every idea. This is for the preaching of the message of Malachi 4 of Revelations 10. Do you see it? It it it whether whether people can receive it or whether they can understand it or not. Why do y'all preach messages? Why do y'all read quotes? Why why do y'all talk about a prophet? Why do y'all do all that? Cuz the Bible said, in Jeremiah 3 and 15, I will give you pastors according to mine heart and which shall feed you with knowledge and understanding. You tell me where I can get the knowledge of the son of man outside of William Brown's message. Where am I going to feed the understanding of the revelation of the son of man, the coming of the Lord, the change of the body, predestination, water baptism. Amen. Where's it all going to be come from? Amen. Listen. God, the God of knowledge and wisdom sent this message because we are to preach the message. Yes, sir. Jeremiah 23:4, I will set up shepherds over them, which shall feed them, and they shall fear no more, nor be dismayed, neither shall they be lacken, sayaeth the Lord. What's this Ephesians 4 ministry to do? She's to take this message and preach it back in the church. John, eat the book, but then prophesy the book. Amen. Don't don't just eat the book and keep it to ourselves and go read every book in the Listen, I I don't know how to say it better because I don't want to sound legalist. I don't want you to catch a legalist idea here, but but there's a lot of good books and there's a lot of good bookstores and there's a lot of good writers and and you might find a good book and God bless you for doing that, but you'll not find a book like this message that God has attended the very preaching of it and did it in his own presence because the message is food from the presence of God. It's not from the intellect of a man or the study of a man or the education of a man. This is the presence of the living God. And he has brought forth this message. Amen. According to Jeremiah, amen, that will be shepherds. Amen. That will be preaching this so that people won't be lacking. Build them up in the holy oracles of God according to Bible. Build them up under the stature of the fullness of Christ. I'll tell you in John 21:17, he saith unto them the third time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me three times. He's asked him this. And you y'all know how many times Peter denied him, right? Three times he denied him. Three times. And he is an embarrassed man right now. And the Lord said, "Do you love me?" He asked him this three times. And finally, Amen. Peter was grieved because he said unto him the third time, "Lovest thou me?" And he said unto him,"Lord, thou knowest all things, and thou knowest that I love thee." And Jesus said unto him, "Feed my sheep." Listen, listen. Years ago, the Lord gave me a direct commission. I was praying, "God, what do I do with my life? What do I do with my ministry?" He said, "If you love me, feed my sheep." And I don't know of any other way to feed the sheep than to preach this message. It is sheep food. Come on. This is food. This is not everybody's food, but for the sheep, it's his food. It's his food. Look in Acts 20 and verse 28. Take heed therefore unto yourselves. And to all the flock, which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which he hath per purchased with his own blood. In 1 Peter 5:22, he said, "Feed the flock of God which is among you, taking oversight thereof, not by constraint, but by willing, not by filthy lure, but of a ready mind. Feed the flock of God." Can I Can I say that the message is to be preached in a message church? It's not a denomination. It's a bride. It's not denominational. It's not it's not this denomination called the message. That's right. It's the truth of God for the bride of the last days. There's another way of saying this. The message of the hour, the word of the hour. Meat is the word of nourishment. It's the season. See? Amen. It's it's it's this is the time to bring the church to an adoption. Yeah. Amen. It's time to bring it to an a full authority. Do you all know what that means? A knowing. It it it's bringing to a maturity the the developed thought that God had. As long as you don't know the developed thought, you don't know how to stand. You don't know what's coming. But we've had a message of maturity to bring the people to maturity. Now listen, I believe this. Brother Graham says it in faith is a substance. He said, "I so I think real true ministers of the gospel ought to be up and going, ought to be giving the people the right thing, meet in due season." Amen. And can I read it to you what Jesus said? Matthew 24 and verse 44. Therefore, be also ready. In such as an hour you think not, the son of man cometh. So then is a faithful and wise servant, whom his lord hath made him rule over his household, to give them meat in due season. Yeah, he made them a pastor to give meat in due season. As a faithful and wise servant, a preacher in this age, if he's going to be faithful and wise, he is going to have to preach the message of this hour. Come on, church. Blessed is that servant of whom the Lord when he shall come shall find him doing it. Meet in season. Now, now watch this because this is not just any season. In 1 Thessalonians 4, it's the season of the rapture. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout. This is a message. It's the season of rapture. This is the bread of the age. It's a time to change the diet of the church. I'm not specifically speaking to you. You've been on a word diet a long time. Amen. But I'll say this, it's a time of change. That's the season that we're living in. People People have a hard time understanding that the season changed. The dispensation changed, the diet changed. Listen, that that that you you can you can watch it. You can you can watch it if you if you study your scriptures. Moses gave them food. It was for the journey, wasn't it? Yeah. It was food in the journey. When Jesus multiplied the fishes and loaves, it was for the journey home. Amen. When Abraham met Melazdc on the road, he was on his journey home. And it was then that Melazdc brought bread and wine. And the church is on his journey home now. Come on. The message is not our destination. The message is the food we eat that we can get to the destination. Amen. As this message comes into our lives, it'll build a strength in the church that'll take them up higher and higher and higher until the presence of God overtakes their lives. It's a change of diet. Amen. Come on. Can I show it to you in the Bible? It's a change of diet. Amen. Do you know for years, Amen. They ate the mana that fell from the heaven. It was a supernatural mana. You couldn't think it could get better than that, could you? I mean, think about it. How could it get better? It rain mana out of heaven every day. But my Bible says when they crossed the Jordan under Joshua, Amen. And when they got under Joshua and crossed the Jordan, Amen. They come over in Gilgal at the time of Passover. Listen to this. They came in the time of Passover. It's a harvest season they're coming in. And while they're coming into this harvest season, they're going to have a Passover. Amen. But what they did, the Bible said they ate of the old corn of the land. And on the tomorrow after that Passover, unleavened cakes and parched corn in the cell same day, and the mana ceased, the mana from heaven ceased. Amen. But they didn't quit eating, folks. They didn't quit eating, but the mana changed how it was coming. This is not just a Lutheran revival. It's not a Methodist revival. It's not a Pentecostal revival. This is a revival of the word. Amen. Preacher, what are you preaching? I'll show you what happened. They went over there and they found the corner of that land and they started eating up. Now listen, how many how many decades, how many centuries have they been looking for this message? I mean, this land, how many decades have they been looking for this land that they could eat out of it? Man, they've been eating out of the heavens, but they never ate it in their own promises. And they just through the journey, the journey, the journey. But when they got in that promised land, when they got there, they started eating out of the land of their own promise. Do you see that God's going to send a message to this bride and she's going to be able to start feeding right out of the message of a promise that has been given through all these ages? Amen. There it is, church. Watch. The mana ceased and they begin to eat out of the land. And you said, "Preacher, Amen, what in the world are you talking about?" I'm talking about this. But I'm talking about a change of battle, a change of diet. They've been running from the enemy now all the way throughout the wilderness. They've been on the move. They've been running. They've been dodging. But now when they start eating this corn, they turn aggressive and they go on an offensive. And if you want to see somebody that that runs scared, it's somebody not feeding out this message. But when a man starts feeding on this message, it'll make a boldness come into your life. It'll make a strength come into your life. and you'll pull a sword and say, "Give me my land. I'm here to possess everything that God has promised me to give." [Applause] Yeah. They eat the They eat the corn right up on the hill. And Joshua went down and met the captain of the host and challenged him to a fight. Tell me, he wasn't aggressive. He was ready to walk down the walls. I'm talking about a change in revival, folks. There was a change happened. It wasn't a lesser revival. It was the same pillar of fire, but the revival was coming a different way. You'll blind yourself looking in the rearview mirror trying to get the same revival they had behind you. You know what they did when they crossed the river? I I love these. I love these points as you study them through your life and you see the seriousness of them when they come across the Red Sea back there in that journey. You know what they done? They grabbed a tambourine and they shouted and they danced and they rejoiced after they got over. After they got over. But now in this new revival, now in this land eating this corn, eating this food, they come up to the walls of Jericho and march six days which seemingly they would have weakened. But when they come up to the seventh day, Amen. Before the first stone moved, before the wall fell, before any sign that there was any kind of victory, they begin to shout and they begin to rejoice because the walls were coming down. Well, listen. If you study this message, you'll begin to find out, I may still be in this body, but it's going to change in the moment, in the twinkle of an eye. I can already begin to shout a victory knowing that death has been swallowed up in victory. Let me say tonight, I believe this. I believe we have come into a revival. You don't have to wait till you're healed to begin to rejoice. You can eat it right out of the book. Come on. You can't get this out of former ages. But at this prophet of this age said it like this. Amen. We've got a rapture faith. We've got healing faith. He said, "Listen, if you come in this prayer line and you got something hurt and you get prayed for," he said, "you might not feel a bit better. Your hand might not be healed. Your back might not be healed, but you're not looking for a healing in the body. You're looking for a healing in the spirit. And if your spirit gets healed, your body will come in behind your spirit. Then you can shout all the way back to your chair. I might be hurting, but I'm healed. I might be troubled, but I'm saved. Amen. Because you're feeding on the word of the living God. They think we're crazy. We're not crazy. We're just eating from a different place. Hallelujah. G. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You get to feeding on this kind of food and after a little while you get up there so high. I got I'm I know. I'm going to I got to bring her down. She gets to feeding on that. Brother Matt, this is not the mind of a man. That's right. You are not feeding on the mind of a man. This is the unfailing body word of the son of man. I'm not feeding on William Brandom. Are you with me? We were feeding on the presence of the angel that was alongside him, performing these things that man could not do. And he manifested that that we might eat that and be able to prophesy again. Listen, I believe it. I believe we're feeding on things right now. How is it that a woman How many How many sisters in here claiming their children right now? How many of you claiming children right now? And some of them children you got a claim on. Amen. Is so far away from the Lord. One look at it would take all your it just brings such doubt and such discouragement and such a head bowing and such a shame. Amen. But you can reach in the message and pick out that story with Hatty Wright and just go to eat in a little while and you forget whatever shape they're in and you begin to say, "I got a token and I'm going to claim them by the glory of God." and you begin to shout aloud knowing that God's going to give you your babies. Listen, it's a different revival. We don't have to wait until it's over. We know what'll take place. This is a prophetic word. I'm not eating history. I'm eating to see the fulfillment of the prophecy that's coming in life in our lives. I already know the walls are going to fall. I already know my body's going to change. I already know there's a theophony waiting on me. I already know there's a heaven. I already know the devil. Do you see the revival feeding from the corn of the message, digging digging into the sermons and coming out with a handful of secret food give you victory in the middle of your battle. God bless you. Stand to your feet with me tonight. Oh yeah. Now, being y'all know I believe in the Pentecostal blessing, you know, I'm not after my Pentecostal blessing. If it gets a little bit if it gets a little steal in here, I'll preach a whole three sermon sets on the Pentecostal blessing and experience of God in the human life. Do you do you see your identification? How many knows where you identified? You're identified in the pillar of fire. And when the pillar of fire was in Luther's age, that's the part of Luther you are. That's right. But the rest of the Luther, you're not. Right. And when it moved into the sanctification age, that's the part of sanctification you are is the part that identifies with the pillar of fire. But when it moved into the Isuza street in Pentecost and it caused tongues and gifts and prophecies and all kinds of manifestations that identifies the church in that but when they begin to denominate and make a show out of it and all that stuff that don't identify you. That's right. You moved on with life. You moved on with the life and now you're in the land. And if you want if you want strength for the age, you want courage for the battle, feed on the secret things. I I'm I'm not one y'all know this. I'm not one to say to y'all, don't listen to other ministers and stuff like that. But let me ask you, wouldn't it be good if you'd just listen to the prophet for a little while again? just just for a little while. Go back to listening to sir spiritual food and season and harvest time and unveiling of God. Amen. I tell you what'll happen. Some of that confusion, some of that that fear, it'll start going away. That's true. I believe it. Amen. I believe you can go in that little room, feed on the secret things. Come out there with a sword in your hand. Where's my possession? I believe it. I believe you can do it tonight. Amen. Do you love him? God bless you. It's been good to be here tonight. Brother Ben with God in a [Applause] secret place. [Music] There in the spirit beholding his face gaining new power to run. Oh, that's it. You get power to do it. I long to be shining with God. Oh shining, shining with God in a secret place. There in the spirit behold. [Applause] Oh, I'm g power to run in the race. Oh, how I long to be shut in with God once again. Yes, [Applause] [Music] shut in a sea. Go ahead to the sacred places. There in the spirit [Applause] [Music] beholding gave new power to run in. How I long to be shed with God.
