################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-10 - Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘The Inspiration Of The Almighty’ - (Thurs 5/8/2025) - Wayne Lawson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-10
Title:   Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘The Inspiration Of The Almighty’ - (Thurs 5/8/2025)
Speaker: Wayne Lawson
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6ik14ot6eI
========================================

Lord, I give you my [Music] heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath I take. Every moment I'm awake. Lord, have your way in me. Oh Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. [Music] I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way. [Music] Amen. Amen. Praise God. Tremendous be in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. See everyone out on a Thursday evening. What a tremendous time to serve the Lord and Amen. What a blessing. Amen. To see the great movement of the Holy Spirit in our generation. Amen. To be a part of this and to know the time we're living. My such a blessing. Amen. Such a power. And Amen. to see God still moving on hearts, saving saving souls and dealing with lives. Amen. I I believe that one of these days the last one's going to come in. This bride's just going to go. Amen. She's just going to take liberty. Amen. I just want to take a few minutes in the word tonight. But just before we do, could we just bow our hearts for a word to prayer? Almighty God, we thank you tonight for your grace, Lord. We thank you for the mercy which you have shown to us, Lord, to open our eyes, to let us see the times and the days that we are living. Father, your timing, your grace, your leadership, Lord. Oh, how there's no way, Lord, that we could even pretend to think that we're always aware of what you're doing. But Lord, once in a while, we look up and we realize that we're right in the place that you designed for us to stand. We're so thankful tonight that your great spirit can still move your church and lead it, Lord. And tonight we just want to offer our hearts to you. We ask you as we would study your word tonight. May the spirit of inspiration and wisdom, Lord, and understanding move among your church and ignite hearts and bless them, Father. May we be caught up in the revelation, Lord, that'll that'll show us great things, Father. Now, we commit this service into thine hands. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. Amen. God bless you tonight. If you have your Bibles, Amen. I am going to be continuing uh this subject, but I want to do it from Job the 32nd chapter. Uh I want to read the 32nd uh verses 7 and verses 8 and also 2 Timothy chapter 3 and verse 16. Amen. Second Timothy verse 3:1 16. Job chap Job chapter 32 and verse 7. For I said days should speak and multitude of years should teach wisdom. But there is a spirit in a man and the inspiration of the Almighty giveth them understanding. Also would like to read second Timothy chapter 3 the 16th verse. For all scripture, it is given by inspiration of God. And it is profitable for doctrine, reprove, for correction, and for instruction and righteousness. May God bless his word tonight. And if I would uh you could be seated. If I would take a a subtitle to this, I'm just going to speak to you about the inspiration of the Almighty. Amen. U just some things that are are laying real on my heart. I've been uh studying in this area of the seals. And of course, if you're following along the series, you're watching the first and second seal. And I'm just pulling a lot of things from there. I'm not really titling it the seals because there's a lot of things that I'm just bringing the revelations as we catch them under the seals and then just speaking about them. Uh and uh I'm not uh trying to systematically teach such as a teacher would teach. uh but yet maybe just a little more uh the subject of it and teaching along. So sometimes if I say something that would maybe be uh maybe that you wouldn't exactly uh hear it the same way or you maybe would need a quote or something like that, it's okay to ask because I have quotes and and scriptures backing these thoughts. But sometimes I find that it's it's stays a little more dynamic if we just say it instead of read it. Amen. And uh so sometimes we just uh just say it directly and then trusting that you all uh know exactly where I'm at in this. But I'd like to maybe just look into this a little bit today. I just real heavy on my heart. Uh woke up the other morning and it just uh the inspiration of the Lord just speaking uh to my heart about the inspiration of God. And you know I I I think uh when you read the scripture here uh this is uh this is a time in the book of Job uh in the 32nd chapter is when Job has been uh he has been in a real battle and and the scripture is telling us how that Job has been going through all these great trials and these great struggles and of course Job is in the dark completely about what's really going on and what has happened. God. And the devil has had a conversation about him. And he really don't know what the battle's all about. He just knows that he's suffering. And in that suffering, he's he's uh he's pretty disgusted. When the scriptures, you can see that, Amen. He don't he he's he keeps telling them, "I didn't do anything to deserve this, and I don't understand this." And and he's going along like this. and and three of his friends come along and and they get to talking to him and they're just certain that he's a sinner and they're they're certain that there's some things, amen, that's just not been qualified or you're not talking about. But there's got to be a reason behind what's happening here. And and between those three and Job, amen, there really got a discussion going on. You can and you can read that first parts of the book of Job and you'll find their discussions in great intent. Amen. But it's in the 32nd chapter when things begin to change because the scripture says that there's a young priest that or young prince that comes down from the east and his name is Elohoo. Now in Job 32, Elohu is introduced and if you've never studied Eloh it's a beautiful study. Brother Bannon breaks into the name of Elohoo and he takes them first letters of Ella and he shows you he says see Eel speaks of God and he says I want you to see that this man come down from the east. Amen. Now he coming from the east is very significant to the church. Amen. Because Amen. as the lightning would come from the east unto the west so shall the coming of the son of man be. And so he was coming from the east. And brother Bam said his name was Elohoo coming down to meet Job. This is a perfect type of Christ coming to Job. Amen. This man named Eloh. Brother Bam says that in one place he is representing Jesus Christ. In another place, brother Brandham says it like this. Elohoo. He says he came down to Job and he says, "You've been watching all these things. Now, he's coming a just man who's going to stand in the breach for sinful man and a holy God." So, he comes down and he's starting to answer Job's questions because Job's got a lot of questions about why that the flowers uh would go and come and go and come so quickly, but man, he goes into the ground, doesn't come again. And Elohoo has answers that Job has not yet understood. and he begins to preach to him and he and and he actually in Job 32 it's pretty an amazing reading if you want to go read it the first couple verses there he actually already told Job he said now I've let you talk and I've let you talk till you've run out of things to say amen and and he says I let you do it because you're the elder and that's why I read the scripture because he says in other words that that all these things that you have thought we've let you put them all out there and then Elohoo says to him but there is a spirit in a man and he said and the inspiration ation of the Almighty which bringeth understanding. Now you you you uh uh just give me a little liberty here, but can I say this? The spirit of iniquity has been at work now for about six ages. Amen. And man has said everything there is to say about what's to be and how the church is be. But that when when the message comes along, a strong angel descending out of the heavens, you see that strong angel is coming with fresh inspiration. Amen. when the when the church world is becoming silent is when God begins to really speak and we find amen that this is exactly what was happening to Job is he needed a fresh inspiration. Brother Bam goes into it and says that he's sitting on an ash heap and he said, "Oh, is he sitting there in a time of crit in a great crisis and that's when Christ comes to him and he begins to speak of Elohoo and he says what Elohoo did is he come down to explain to him there is a ransom that there's somebody that can stand between man and God. Amen. Elohoo really means that Christ came to Jo to Job. I'm just reading quotes. Amen. And he says he's a prince and he says he's a manifestation of the pre-nowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ. It was Eloh speaking to him. And when the spirit began to speak, that's when the thunder began to roll. That's when Job, now brother said, but Job being a prophet, amen, had got out of sorts and he was all messed up. But when Elohoo begins to speak to him under the fresh inspiration of the word, he said that began to put binoculars back on the eyes of Job. And then he began to see he began to understand what it was that was going on. See, inspiration begin to come to the prophet under Eloh's message. I I think it's a pretty powerful thing because it's in Job chapter 42. This is when Job actually comes around and begins to say in Job chapter 42, he begins then to discuss this. And this is the sermon brother preached the message called I have heard, but now I see. Amen. I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear, but now I see. Now, I don't know if if you ever caught this. I never really caught the reality of this, but brother Brandham is discussing the message that Elohoo has brought to Job. He has been hearing this the whole time, but now Job finally says, "I have heard, but now I see." Amen. So, the inspiration that was coming to him, Amen, then became a vision to him. And brother Bam said he began to see the manifested reality or the vindicated word and then it became a great vision unto Job. I say this tonight. I I certainly believe amen. Amen. That Elohoo wanted Job to hold his peace so he could learn something that he could change his confession. The Bible tells us that he actually told Job, if you'll hold your peace, he said, "I will set their words in order." Ain't that something that this this this this this prince from the east was coming to redevelop the way Job thought and the way Job talked and to redesign and set his words in order. I said, "Oh God, I pray tonight," Amen. that inspiration does that for you and I. Amen. That it gives us a a new order of the way we see things and the way we do things. That inspiration can bring them. I certainly believe that inspiration comes from the word of God. That's why we come to the house of God because it's the preaching of the word and the the scriptures themselves were given by inspiration and you know they will give us inspiration. They will bring inspiration to our lives. Sometimes when we get maybe a little sideways or we get out of the way and we lose focus of what the big picture is, of what is really happening, that's when God will come in and then use the gospel to redirect our minds and set us back in the paths and re reform our confession, sets our words back in order that we might understand the things of God. Listen folks, there is power in understanding. There is power in understanding. The inspiration of the Almighty will bring us understanding. How could we talk about understanding without speaking back of the book of Daniel and looking at how that Daniel was living in the time of Nebuchadnezzar and when Babylon had come up and had overtook Jerusalem and had tore down their places of worship and had carried them over. Amen. And and had brought them into bondage and and we know the Bible said they had been there about 70 years. And brother Ram says in the book of Daniel, that's when Daniel seeing the time that he was living and he began to grow desperate because he be to understand by the books that the time was drawing near. I tell you, brother Brand pulls that out beautifully in Daniel 70s and tells us he says just like me. He said, I've been reading and by the books he said, I see Elijah supposed to come in the last day and I see the son of man is supposed to appear. See, I I' I've heard these things. Amen. But let inspiration become a vision that we might see them and bring them into our understanding. Amen. It's in this season when Daniel begin to see the end and desperation begin to come. See, in the end of the of the of the of the time of Babylon was the beginning of the gentile kingdoms. Now, if you're a Bible reader, you can go back to the book of Daniel. And if you're nervous about world events, let me let me just give you a a little word here. Let's set our let's set our confession back in order. God is in control of everything. God has never lost control of nothing. And people say, "Well, why is the world in the shape that it's in?" Because God sent two spirits into the earth, truth and error. Amen. And God will never lead a man into era. So, he sends the truth into the age to lead the people under the truth. But people turn down the truth and believe a lie and they follow. Amen. The prophet said it. He said they followed the spirit of error until they get in the cage of unclean birds. Right. Amen. So that God has never lost control. Not one moment. And in the book of Daniel from all the way back there in the Babylonian kingdom, the first gentile kingdom, Daniel prophesies and tells us of every world kingdom that's going to be on the earth from the time of Daniel all the way to the millennium. Amen. and then tells us who will rule in the millennium showing Jesus as the king of the earth. Now, powerful things. Amen. But just as Daniel was seeing the end of the Babylonian kingdom, remember this is when the the the handwriting come up on the wall and he seen it there and if I was a better pronunciator, I would I would pronounce it for you. But I think it's mini tickle uh uh something. and and it comes up on the wall and he and the Bible tells us that it's at the time they're in a great feast of Belchazar. Amen. And and when he sees it, that's when the king says, "Well, who could tell us what was written?" And Daniel begins to say, "You've been weighing the balance and found wanting." Right? The handwriting was on the wall, but it took the spirit of inspiration to say what it meant to them now. Now, they knew something was happening, but what it was, they didn't know. Amen. And when they seen that, it needed the gift of inspiration. Brother Bham says, see, he says, just like it's promised in these last days, that the gifts will return back into the church if you don't deny the Holy Spirit. Amen. There is a there is watersh of that one river of the spirit and there are gifts in the body. And brother man said, "The greatest of all them gifts is wisdom that would be able to take that word and put it together, amen, to let you know where you're living, let let you know where you are." And the spirit of wisdom was prophesied in the Bible to return in the last days. Because this bride, amen, is not going to be caught as a thief in the night, but she is standing under the shining light. Amen. of Malachi 4 and Luke 17:30. Amen. Of Isaiah 60, it said, "The light of God had come in the age. Wisdom has entered the age. The mind of God has been opened under prophetic word and has read the handwriting on the wall." Come on, y'all know the handwriting. Sodom is everywhere. What does it mean? Why is homosexuality moving in the Sodom law and how those taken over the world and the pressure and the push? What does it mean? It means the Bible said, "As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the coming of the son of man." Come on. There's some things hiding in there. If it's the days of Sodom, it's the days of Abraham. And Abraham had a visitation from an angel that told them world events and gave them a message that would change their bodies. Amen. I tell you what, God, Amen, has got some things hidden in there. Why is it that everybody is after evil? Come on now. It's not just homosexuality, but the sons of God would look at the daughters of men and lust and passion will enter the age and sensuality will be everywhere. It's a handwriting on the wall. But what does it mean? As it was in the days of Noah, so shall it be in the coming of the son of man when every man's mind would every imagination even would be upon evil. We are living those days out. We could say it this day. This scripture is fulfilled. Jesus prophesied 2,000 years ago and we're standing in prophecy. There is a six-point flag of Israel flying over a nation that's been dead for years. For 2,000 years. Amen. Hebrew was dead. The nation was dead. But tonight, they're alive with an army and a and a government and money. And the Hebrew language has been resurrected. What does it mean? The fig tree that put forth their buds. Know this, the time is nigh, church. There's signs. There's signs of the time. There signs of the power of God. But you just got to know how to read them. Hallelujah. The inspiration, the handwriting on the wall. Daniel saw it and he knew what it meant and he told him, "Your your kingdom is at an end." That's what this means. It's come to an end. Amen. You see, Amen. that whenever the inspiration of God comes upon something, then the Holy Spirit can unveil what it really means. Now, I've been in this series in the book of Revelation. Just for the last few uh times, I've been looking strong at this first and second seal, and I've been watching this white horse change under the red horse. And and because we have the answer, it's pretty easy to back up and see the problem. Uh you know, if you don't know what the answer is, it's different. You know, I'm not I'm not an algebra guy, but Amen. You give me any problem you want long as you give me the answer. I do not care what kind of problem you give me. If you give me the answer, it no matter how mysterious it looks, I got the answer. So the the Bible is predicting things in this age that is very mysterious, very problematic, but I got the answer. Say, well, you're just a simpleton. You don't have no formal education. You're not really a preacher through a seminary. But see, I still got the answer. That's right. I still got the answer. Because God has sent the spirit of inspiration and wisdom in our age to give this bride a vision. Yes, sir. How many knows a vision is a direct revelation of the word? In the book of Samuel, y'all, we learned that from there, right? The word of the Lord was precious in those days because there was no open vision. There was no prophet. But when a prophet comes, he gives a vision to the people. And that vision then, no matter, no matter if you're the widow at Zerapath and you're out of Ool, it's a fresh thing. And no matter if we have extinguished our understanding, when the message begins to speak, it's a fresh thing and it sets us back in order. I I think of this when I'd look at the age we're living in. And I've been studying this and watching the changing of this horse from the first from this red horse uh from this uh white to this red and then now starting to follow it into this black. And I I want to maybe just pick it up for a moment in Revelations 13. Amen. Now, because we're looking at at the inspiration, Daniel was under it. And do you know Daniel and John saw the same thing? That's right. They saw the same thing. Now, go open. If you got your Bibles, we just follow with me or you can pull it up. Revelations 13. Amen. Now, uh I want to read here and see the scripture says this. Amen. And I stood upon the sand of the sea and I saw a beast rise up out of the sea having seven heads, 10 horns, and upon his his horns 10 crowns and upon his heads the name of blasphemy. Boy, that seems like a problem, doesn't it? That seems like an unsolvable symbology. Who would know what it was? But we certainly have the answer tonight of exactly what this is. Amen. You you you can watch the scripture now. And I saw a beast rising up out of the sea. I saw a beast. Now, what does that beast actually what is it? Who is it? What does it mean? Beast actually is symbology for power. As we talked to you the other Sunday, this is speaking the difference in zoo and theionon. This is not a living creature which is a beast of God. This is the spirit of the devil acting out in a power in in the world. Amen. Now, if you want to know what that beast is, you you can look in Revelations the 17th chapter and you can read it real easy there. Amen. And you can see how the scripture tells us, amen, in the third verse. And he carried away in the spirit and I saw a woman sat upon a scarlet colored beast and it was full of names of blasphemy, seven heaven, seven heads and 10 horns. So the same beast of Revelations 13 is the same beast of Revelation 17. Amen. And I stood upon it and saw a beast rising up out of the sea. Now somebody said, "What does it mean?" It's coming out of the sea. That's coming out of water. In Revelations 17 and verse 15, the Bible says that the water actually represents a multitude of people. So we got we got our our symbology now. Out of the sea. So there is a beast rising out of the sea and it has seven heads which in the book of revelations we find the seven heads representing the seven heels and can I just say it openly the seven heels of Rome. I was just there and they got seven heels in Rome. Now somebody say well there's other cities that have seven hills but there's no other city in the world that rules over kings and there's there's no other city in the world amen which was the capital of this Roman Empire. Now watch uh watch how he says seven seven horns amen or seven heads which also represent now now I don't want to get too fast but if you if if I get too fast somebody har amen but this seven heads also represents the seven kings which are the the dictators of the Roman Empire at the time the book of revelations is being written. You remember, Amen. He says that there's already been six. And he says, "And then there'll come one short and speaking of Titus." And then we seen it moved right over. And then Paul uh uh uh John is actually and we have the names of them. I don't want to read them, but we have the actual names of the dictators that which were the seven emperors before it became pagan to paple. Yeah. Now, these seven uh heads which were the seven heels and the seven dictators and the 10 horns, Amen. which are representing the the kingdoms. And upon the horns were 10 crowns. It's showing you actually in here is speaking of kings or rulers. Amen. And these are the the dictators. Amen. That will be with this beast. Amen. Now watch. And upon his head, he had the name of blasphemy. Now you say, "Preacher, what is that?" That's Rome. And it's coming up out of a multitude of people. Amen. Now watch the scripture because it says, "And the beast which I saw was likened unto a leopard and his feet was as the feet of a bear and his mouth as the mouth of a lion and the dragon gave him power and his seat and great authority." Brother uh can you give me that picture of uh the Roman Empire under Daniel with the uh with the Nebuchadnezzar's image. Amen. Now you're looking at this at this picture again because it's just too good a picture. There's not I don't know a better picture than this one. you the Revelations 13 and2 when you're reading those four creatures on the right side you see them in four different kingdoms you see them divided uh uh four different kingdoms but when you're reading them right here you're actually reading in Revelations 13 and2 you're reading them all as one power so all that that was behind the kingdoms of the world become one power behind Rome now if you watch this that Roman Empire empire then becomes a divided kingdom. Amen. And and we see it then as it becomes papal Rome. You see the do you see the actual two legs that's on this image and you're watching the I'm going to leave it up a moment because you're watching the empires. The Babylonian Empire, the Persian Empire, the Grecian Empire, the Roman Empire, and then you're watching the divided kingdom. Now them 10 horns that's in Revelations 13 are the 10 toes that's on this image. And those 10 toes all have leaders, right? And the two main leaders all the way back in brother Brandham's day where the two big toes was Eisenhower and Cruchov. Yeah. Remember that? Because you see the iron and the clay mingle together. What's that mean? It means that Catholicism is going to mingle into every nation of the earth. The world right now, whether you know it or not, United Nations has divided the nations of the world in 10 magnum kingdoms and they have joined together 10 different one. Now, now you said, "Preacher, I I don't want to get way off on something. I just want to make it known to you." Amen. That there's there's things that's happening in the world that we actually don't know about. We we have we have a lot of answers, but there's things back here that's going we don't have no clue what's actually transpiring in the dark places. Amen. But you watch this how that these comes together in Revelations 13. All of them become one power. And the scripture says, "And the dragon gave him power and his great seed and great authority." Now, who is that dragon that gives power to this? Amen. Somebody said, "Well, who's the dragon?" Well, that's a good question. If you like your scriptures in Revelations the 12th chapter, it answers the question. In the third per verse, it says, "And there appeared another wonder in heaven, and behold, a great red dragon having seven heads and 10 horns and seven crowns upon his head." In the in the uh ninth verse, it says, "And the great dragon which was cast out, that old serpent called the devil." So the dragon is the devil. Amen. That old devil gave his power to this seat and his authority. So, so this seat, now if you're a study of the church age book, you know that it was the Pergamus age that was the seat of Satan. How many knows that Pergamus was in Asia? Give me that next picture. Now, watch him. Watch the two legs on that. Now, Pergamus was in Asia. Now, here are the two capitals of the Roman Empire, Eastern, Western. The eastern on the on the right over here is Constantinople and Turkey. And you see, it's the Eastern Roman Empire, known to you historians as the uh the it's not Benzanite. It's the um Byzantine. The Benzanite was the name of the capital. But you but you watch the two legs. You see the two legs of of Nebuchadnezzar's image. It was divided kingdoms, right? And then we see that Pergamus was right here next to Constantinople. And that's where the seed of Satan was given through Babylonian secrets. Now I'm I'm I'm in your I'm in your church age book. If you haven't studied it, go to Pergamist Age and you'll see. Brother Bram said, "How did it become the seed of Satan?" He said, "Babylon had secret mysteries of the religion." And he said, "Whenever that they come under attack, the king priest of Babylon rushed himself to Pergamus." And he said in Pergamus, he taught his religion. And then whenever it come to a certain point under Adalus when he died, he willed his kingdom to Julius Caesar. The same as you would will your house or your land. He wield his kingdom to Julius Caesar, which made Julius Caesar Pontis Maximus, which he became a spiritual leader and the civil leader over Rome. But this is predating Christ, right? Julius Caesar. Amen. This is predating Christ. So So what what's go? What are you what are you talking about? Well, let's just see that the devil gave him the seat and the authority of the Roman Empire and this beast is rising up out of the sea. But if you want to watch this, it says in the third verse, "But I saw one of his heads as it was wounded to death and his deadly wound would have healed and all the world wandered at this beast." Now what you're watching right there in the scripture happened in history when the pagan Rome when when the Babylonian Rome as you know under Julius Caesar and under Titus and when when that became moved from a paganism to a papal Rome where they left the idea of paganism and they joined together their pagan ideas with Christianity and they formed themselves a papal Rome which come under Constantine. You know from the other service we preached the other day. I don't want to go through all that real clear. Amen. But it was under Constantine. Now what looks like happened is it looked like the pagan Rome completely died. But it didn't because its deadly wound was healed when the papo Rome or the pope took the leadership of the Roman Empire and he became ruler of both spiritual world and natural world. He became a papo Rome. So his deadly wound was healed and the Bible said and they all would have worshiped the dragon which had gave power unto the beast and they worshiped the beast saying who is like this beast and is who is able to make war. Now isn't it amazing the scriptures are detailing to us that people will begin to worship the devil as they worship the beast and its image. The whole world would have worshiped at the wonder of this thing and he was given unto him. Now for time's sake, let's look in the eth verse. And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him whose names were not written in the book of life of the lamb slain from the foundation of the world. Now isn't that something? The Bible is telling us the whole earth now is going to worship this image of this beast and its and its dragon except that their names was in the lamb's book of life from the foundation of the world. Now, what does that have to do with knowing who that beast is? Now, now y'all forgive me, but I don't think that any of us was going to come up with these answers on our own. Amen. But God put a seed in you, and that seed was a gene seed, uh, the soul of God, if you would, that you were deity in the foundations of God's mind, and have come into this age. And because you are here, God promised that he would not leave his bride. Amen. under this uh under this world of tribulation, he would carry in a revelation. And because he made this promise, he has to send a prophet to this age. Now, church, it's something in you that made you believe this message when other people don't believe it. There's some reason when you can't understand it, when you don't know how to put it all together, but there's something on the inside of you that knows it's right and you know it's true. And there's something speaks back to you. It's because there's something in you telling you, amen, not to worship the image of that beast. Because God is not causing us to worship under a system. He is an individual under the word of God to worship God as a prophet introduces him to be worshiped. There's only one provided place of worship. Is that right? And that's the place he puts his name. Yeah. Yeah. Now watch the scriptures. I Oh my goodness. Amen. And and and and now in the ninth verse, if any man have an ear, let him hear. And he that leadth captivity shall go into captivity, and he that killth with a sword must be killed with a sword. And here's the patience and the faith of the saints. And I beheld another beast coming out of the earth. So we have a second beast in Revelations 13. The second beast in Revelations 13, let's just say it real clearly. It's America. Yeah. It's the United States of America. I saw another beast coming up out of the earth. See, there's no people here. They're coming up out of the earth. This is a wilderness. Brother Brandham said, "If you want to know what this is," he says, "Go back and read Revelations 12 and see that there was a a great uh uh wonder in heaven and a woman clothed with a sun, the moon under the feet, and upon her head a crown of 12 stars, the old church. And she being with child travailing and birth pain to be delivered. There it is. Brother Ram says, "And there was the killing of those two year olds under Jesus." He says, "And then watch and this dragon and behold a red dragon having seven heads and his tail drew a third part." Now we go through the battle. But then in the sixth verse, the Bible said, "The woman fled into the wilderness where she had a place prepared of God that should feed her 1,23 score days." Amen. And this woman fled into the wilderness. Brother Bam said, "Here it is. That's Plymouth Rock." Yeah. That's what he said. He said, "What is it?" He said, "We fled Europe running from the force of the Catholic religion and fled into the wilderness of America." Amen. And all of your historians used to teach, "We came here for freedom of religion." That's why America was founded. It was founded for freedom of religion. Amen. But watch the Bible. It tells us this. Another beast come out of the earth and it had two horns like a lamb, but it spake like a dragon. At first it looked like a lamb and then it spake like a dragon. How many knows what Brother Bram said that was? He said it was the American buffalo. And he said it had two horns. Those horns represent the ecclesiastical power, the church, and the political power. He said, in other words, they have two different powers. But this this that started like a lamb is going to end up like a dragon. Now what did that dragon do? It joins together the church and the state the ecclesiastical joins with the political to bring a force upon the people of God. Watch what it's a powerful thing as we read it. He had two horns like a lamb, but he spake like a dragon. And he exercisth all of the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth and them to dwell therein to worship the first beast as whose deadly wound was healed. Now, now this is the reason that that I believe personally that history is such an important thing to us as a church. And I thank God that he recorded these things because we can look back in history and we can see what happened after the Nyian council passed the trinitarian doctrine and the baptism of the father, son, and holy ghost only 60 years after that was passed. They then outlawed any religion besides the Catholic trinitarian religion. So from the time of 380 AD to about 1580, the the the the the the history lessons teach us that 68 million died at the hands of the Roman church because they were heretical Christians. They believed in leadership. They believed the authority come from the Bible and not from a pope. They believed in the supreme deity of Jesus Christ and baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And because of that, they died. Now you say, "Preacher, why what are you saying?" I want you to understand the Bible says that they will exercise the power of the beast that is before them. So whatever you see the beast do to that early Christian, it's going to happen again. It's going to happen in this United States of America. There is going to be a persecution upon this nation and upon the Christians and the undenominational people that are in this world that we're living in. Now, the other day before I started preaching in this area, y'all remember before I went to Switzerland, I preached a sermon called the translation out of the first seal. And I proved to you that that could never happen until the bride has been taken away. Such as Joseph's wife has to be in the palace before he can reveal himself to his brethren. So does the bride have to be in the heavens. Now watch, church. Brother Bam says it's when we leave the earth, it's when the devil comes down to the earth. Now you say, "Preacher, where's he going to go?" I tell you where he's going to go. Brother Bam said, "Watch that nickelan spirit get itself a false prophet or an antichrist who's now holding the door open for the beast." Amen. Now you watch Judas's car. He wasn't the beast the whole time, but right at the last moments, there was a spirit that dropped down in him that made him betray Christ. And right now, that office of the pope is holding the door open for the beast to drop down into a man. Amen. And exercise the power that was exercised in Rome back in the world that we're living in today. You say, "It can't happen, can it?" Amen. How did they kill 6 million Jews just 40 or 50 years? Amen. in the in the 1900s. Modern world. It is modern. Brother Wayne, it's a modern world. They would never do it. You tell that six million Jews that went under that holocaust that they won't do it. Yeah, they'll do it because they was anointed with the devil to do it. And the Bible says that the dragon is going to inspire them. My goodness. And they will kill them and think they're doing a favor. and they exercise the power of the first and before him and causeth the earth to dwell therein to worship the beast whose deadly wound was healed. Now this is why you find that you you're watching the gentile kingdom that came in under Daniel is going out the way it come in. How'd it come in? Forced worship. Remember forced worship. That's how it came in. They forced the Hebrew children to worship Daniel. Right. Brother Bam said the image, the holy man image was Daniel. Now watch what he's going to do for us. He's going to show us that they're going to make you want to worship a pope instead of Jesus Christ. We could get it a little closer to our church though, couldn't we? They want you to worship William Brandham instead of Jesus Christ. And they'll force you to do it. Do you know that? Brother Bam says they'll force them to quit preaching the gospel. What force is going on right now in the message? What is it forcing to do right now in the message? Worship, Brother Brandham, and don't preach the gospel no more. Just play a tape. I tell you, it's the same inspiration. That's right. Amen. But we will never bow to the image of the Antichrist system in the church of the living God. I'll tell you, we're going to feel the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. Our authority is the Bible. Come on, church. God has sent a prophet into this land. And that prophet said, "Don't worship me. I am a brother. I am a prophet. I am an eagle, but I am not your God. Worship God. Don't worship me." Do you see what it's going to do? Do you see what's happening? Force worship. You see that spirit even getting around the message? Worship this way. Don't worship that way. You can shout, but you can't dance. And you can dance, but you can't cry. But you can't hug. You can't clap your hands. You can't have good Come on. Force dictating force. Amen. But I I tell you what, I'm a little like them Hebrew children. I'll tell you, oh king. Amen. You can turn that fire as hot as you want, but we will not bend and we will not bow. Amen. Because we are sons and daughters of God. You can take our books. You can take our tapes. You can take everything. But there's a revelation on the inside of this bride that you'll never get out of her. Amen. Hallelujah. Jesus said, "I will build my church and the gates of hell will never prevail against it." Amen. That means two things. This church is built solid. And number two, it means the devil will be against it. But she is built on the solid foundation of the word of God. Oh, church. Come on. The devil's not against you saying Jesus is God right now. That's not what the gates of hell is against. The gates of hell is not out there. Brother B said, "What the gates of hell is against is you believing that deity is in the flesh today." [Applause] Hallelujah. That same Jesus is in his church. That's right. I'll tell you the power of God. It that thing will exercise the power of it. And you'll watch that. You'll watch the influences of that thing. Now, I'm this might get a little straight right here, but you'll watch the influences of it. And brother Bham said, even in the true vine, he said, you're going to watch pastors that believe they have more authority than the local church. He said, so the vine will be spotted by the humanism of one man trying to rule over another. Well, I don't I I have no problem being ruled by this word. But I got a real problem with some pastor or some bishop out there trying to teach us how to worship God or how to address God. Amen. We are under the inspiration of the Almighty. You say you're you're a maverick, by the way. Not not not unless you're talking about man. I'm not I'm not a I'm not coming under a man. I don't let me just say this. I do not recognize any spiritual authority over this church outside of the message of the hour. Now, now that means we are a free bride. That's right. That means we are free to worship God. That means we can we can we can offer God out of the dictates of our hearts. The problem friends that we run into is men get teachings and they know what they know about it. And that's good, but they put a period on the end of it. And brother Bon said, "I'm good with that." He said, "But just put a comma behind it because God might show us a little more on it." And that's what we want is a comma so that God can keep unveiling his word. Amen. Now, saying that, let me say this. If he unveils it, it'll fit in what he's already given. And he exercisth all the power of that beast whose deadly wound was healed. And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven. Hiroshima. Did he do it? Wow. He make fire come down from heaven on the earth and in the sight of man, and deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the same means of those miracles which had the power to do in the sight of the beast, saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast which he had wounded by a sword and did live the image to the beast. How many knows what the image to the beast is? It is the world council of churches. It is Protestant denominations that have followed organizational system to worship God. Yeah. An image to the beast which had the womb by a sword and did live. And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast. And the image of the beast should both speak and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast they should be killed. Do you see what he's saying? the exercise the power the 12th verse you see then in here it spells it out plainly if you don't worship it you'll be killed now there's your force religion that's why it's called mystery Babylon it's force religion they would not worship the image of the beast and he causth all both small and great now watch that everybody small and great rich and poor free and bond to receive a mark in the right hand or in their forehead now if we had a list of all of the ideas of what this means, wouldn't we have a while to go? It's a real problem. It It is a real problem. But we have the answer. That's right. Now, Brother Man preaches several sermons on it, but let's just make it real clear. The first man ever marked in the Bible was Cain. It was the mark of the beast. What did he do? He rejected the divine revelation of the will of God. and was marked because he slayed his brother. You see, that same spirit from the Garden of Eden is going to mature in the last days. And because that we have our own revelation, God's going to bless this Abel. He's going to bless this bride. But the scripture says that this image of the beast is going to worship or going to kill anyone that wouldn't bow to it and it will cause all. Now, one thing we're finding here is that because of this statement, we see now that they will have the commerce of the world. If you read Revelations the 18th chapter, you'll find the Bible said, "And the merchants of the earth." Everyone does business with this woman. Everyone does business with her. And if you don't worship her, you will receive a mark in the right hand or in their foreheads. Now what is the mark of the beast? It's the mark of apostasy. It is to deny the seal of God. It is to deny the Holy Ghost. It is a spiritual mark. It is not your social security number. News flash. It's not your debit card. Another news flash. It's not Y2K. All right. Come on now. Y'all know I'm telling you the truth. It's not co vaccine. [Applause] I can tell you it's not because I know what it is. If you know what it is, all them other things don't even matter because you know what it is. Now, what is it? The inspiration of the Almighty has breathed upon this bride. What is it? What is that mark of the beast? It is to reject the Holy Ghost. To be marked in your head is the revelation you receive from organization. It's your understanding. You have allowed an organization to be your head and to tell you how to believe this Bible. They have told you there are three gods. When this Bible said, "Hear you, O Israel. The Lord thy God is one God. He is not three gods." Amen. Go baptize in the name of the father, son, and holy ghost. He has a name and his name is Jesus Christ. Do all you do in word and deed and do it in the name of Jesus. Let all the remission of sins be preached in the name of Jesus under heavens. There is no other place to be saved than the name of Jesus. At the name of Jesus, a name is higher than other names. Amen. Let every knee bow. Let every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is our Lord. He is King of Kings. He is Lord of Lords. He is not the second person of a Godhead. He is God and there is no other. He said, "All power in heaven and earth is given unto me." There is one mediator between God and man. It is the man Christ Jesus. It's not William Brandom. It's not a pope of Rome. It's not the World Council of Churches. It is Jesus Christ. The son of God. Hallelujah. It's the way you understand the word. What is your head, right? I could spend a long time here, but I'm going to just say it. I'm just going to say it instead of teaching. Is that all right? Your right hand represents your fellowship and the will of the church. A right hand of fellowship means you're operating according to their will and the way they want to do things. You're operating what what they want out of you. The right hand of fellowship and the revelation. It's a spiritual mark. that is put upon them who deny the truth of God's word. And without it, you can't buy or sell. They that had the mark of that name of the beast or the number of his name. Now, here is wisdom. Now, watch the book of Daniel. Here's wisdom. Inspiration of the Almighty, here is the inspiration. Let him that hath understanding. Who is this scripture talking to? Let him that hath understand. Do you know William Brandham said this is to that little last day people? Yeah. He actually details when it says let him that hath understanding. He's speaking to the end time church that is supposed to have the spirit of wisdom. He said let him that have wisdom count the number of the beast for it is the number of a man and his number is 600 three score and six. That is 666. Now, amen. Just so happens I brought some preachers with me tonight. All right. You know, William Brandom, brother Brandham, a prophet of God, a vindicated prophet. And we know he's a prophet because he always told us to worship God, right? That prophet told us a beautiful story and a and a beautiful testament that this name that is written here the number of his beast. He said do you know that the vicarious filidi that is day that is written in Rome concerning the pope in its Latin numerals spells the numerology 6 66. Now, now there's there's some real criticism to this fact. If you if you're a a studyer, you've probably ran into the criticisms of it. But I have found some people had rather joined the side of the Catholic Church has agreed with brother Brandham. Seriously, go ahead. Somebody said, "Brother Brandon never saw it because it wasn't there." I laughed. I said, "Really?" So, I I'm you know, I'm sorry, but I I'm just that guy. So I go on a study. Do you know that the Catholic Church itself actually uses the title vicarious filod day as the title of the pope of Rome. Now they've actually at this time that we're standing have hid the outward information that you can find that in. Now y'all wouldn't believe conspiracy and I'm not a conspiracy theorist, but I'm going to tell you they did it. There are documented people that have signed affidavits that spent four to five years in the Vatican that laid their eyes on the triple crown that had the entitled words vicarious filia day written right in it. Now, one one writer he he's recording it and he said that we always wrote it vicarious filia day. He said, "We wrote it this way because that some sometimes it's it's printed that way." He said, "But I was talking to this man that was over there in Rome who was studying to be a pope or a a priest." And he said, "You got it wrong." He said, "What do you mean you got it wrong?" He said, "Well," he said, "because it's written not on the tiara like the little plain uh funny looking uh Burger King hat they wear, but but they have another hat they wear and it's called the Triple Crown, right? Give me the picture of that triple crown. It's called the triple crown. Now, if you've ever seen this, this is the triple crown. This is one. There was many of them, but this is one of them. And this is one of them. As brother Bam describes that the pope wears a triple crown. Now, it it stands for heavens, earth, and beneath the earth. It means he's supreme ruler. It's like uh it's like if you won the Kentucky Derby and you won uh the uh three more different big races, they triple crown a horse. He's the winner of all them big races. Well, they triple crown the pope because he's supposed to be in thestead of Christ vicarious filia day in thestead of the son of God. He's supposed to be filling the second person of the godhead. Not that he represents Jesus Christ, but he is Jesus Christ in the veil. And that's why supreme authority is given to this man. And when they put this on his head, do you know the words they say when they dawn this thing on the head of a pope? When they crown him like they did today, when they crown a pope, they say vicarious filia day. Speaking in thestead of the son of God. In other words, there is human representation of God on the earth in his son which is now a pope. Now, I know you didn't come here for Catholic doctrine and teaching, but you see the three different crowns, a word on each one of those crowns. In this one, there's only two words. Amen. And they deny there's any on any of them, but if you look at them lab kind of like a little dog label, you can see it. A blue one on the bottom, a bronze one on the second one, and there's actually a third one in the one Brother Brandham saw, Vicarious Philly Day. Now, there's actually several different uh there's several different people that have saw this and recorded this. Amen. Give me that uh give me that uh grant uh from Constantine. I sent you just it's a funny looking picture. It's the Grant of Constantine. The first time it's recorded, this statement is recorded, it's recorded and this picture is drawn. They did good pictures back in the day cuz people didn't read much. Y'all know that back in the 1400s and and and they they really didn't read much. So they put it all in art. And this is a picture and this is Constantine handing the Roman kingdom to the Pope. And this is called Amen. Uh it's the uh it's the gift of Constantine. Amen. But it's the first time vicarious file day ends up in literature is when he is when he hands this kingdom to the pope. Amen. Now, now what's fire now? They say it's fords now, but whatever. Amen. But what we've what we're seeing is is that you're seeing vicarious filia come in there. Give me that next one that breaks that down for you. Amen. Now, here it is right here. and said the title of pope of Rome is vicarious filia day Latin for the viker the son of god and it's inscribed on his matter which I showed you the triple crown and if you take the letters of the title and lmen numerals there it is right there and you can add them up is 666 and it's an obviously correct now the connection is anything but new now this was given here amen so that you and I we got a little bit of history to tell us that they've been calling this guy vicariously. He died all these years. But then when brother Random shows up, amen, he picks these things up and brings them into modern history to tell you and I, amen, that this pope is taking the place of the son of God. Now, watch what's going to happen. This this system that we're living in today, this America under its denominations. Amen. Now, I got to slow down just a second. Do y'all realize there was no denominational churches until after Martin Luther? That's right. How many knows that? From the time of Christ all the way to the Reformation of Martin Luther, what is that 1580s or something? All the way to the 1580s, there is no Seventh Day Adventist. There's no Lutheran, no Presbyterian, no Pentecost. There's no There's the Roman Catholic Church. Yeah. And the heretics. Right. But after the reformation of Martin Luther, he Amen. When he be to die, they begin to birth organizations and the prophet of God said, "Watch now those organizations birth and there is the daughters to that great whore." Amen. And she will form an image of the beast. Now, the world council wouldn't become Catholicism, but they made their own system just like it. Yeah. But William Brandham makes a great prediction. Can I get that quote? Brother Brandham makes a great prediction here out of Revelations 13. He said, "I believe one of these glorious days when this United Confederation of Church goes together and the new pope is brought out of the United States." And the new pope Oh, will be brought out of the United States. I guess believe the sign folks don't want to talk about this one. And the new pope is brought out of the United States. What is that? 541219. I guess he said that after the new pope came, you know, and he arranged things. Every commentator of the world said there's never been a pope come out of America. It's a superpower. We doubt there will ever be a pope out of America. But in 1954, Brother Bram said, "When he comes out of America, and put over there according to prophecy, then they'll form an image like an under the beast." And I tell you, the true church of God will be drove together 1954, 1219. Give me the a little bit of information on this new pope. The new pope, Pope Leo, was born on September the 14th, 1955. That's the ninth. Turn that back to that other quote. Wow. December of 54. Go to the next one. Wow. And nine months later, September 1955 is the first American pope in history from Chicago, Illinois. You say, "Preacher, is he the one?" I don't know. But he's the first one from America. And I'll say this. Amen. We have been waiting for a pope to come from America a long time. Just like we were waiting for that woman to be sworn sworn in in a purple robe. And remember when it happened and we said, "Hey, she's been sworn in." Everybody goes, "Well, that can't be the one." Amen. I I tell you what, I believe the Roman church done took America over done took America over, church. She's got the Supreme Court. Amen. Our vice president, she's got most of the cabinet of America is already roaming it. Right. But when we seen that woman in purple swearing in, it was a natural symbol to something that has already taken place in America. Come on, church. Brother Bam said, "Watch the Bible." It said, "They will be blind, miserable, and naked." Right? The church in the last days will be naked. But we see a natural symbol. The women in the world are actually naked, representing what's happened in the church. And when this American pope, watch it, it's turned towards Catholicism, folks. We are living in the last moments of the last hours of the last days. Amen. I say desperation are to strike our heart and say, "God, I want to reorder my words. I want to reorder my steps. I want to remember you said there's going to be a rapture. There's going to be a bride. Lord, I want to go. I want to be caught up with you." Oh, church of the living God. I believe we're living in the last moments. Yes, sir. Of the last days. Won't you stand to your feet with us tonight? I certainly believe I certainly believe that God Amen is doing something wonderful in our generation. I'm not quite done, but I'm done. Can our musicians come? Do you see, friends? Let me It says it again. This message is true. [Music] They said, "Well, brother Brandham never saw that vicarious Philly day." And I got to studying and there are men that made legal affidavits that they were standing there and saw it themselves. Now, if people can't go find it, that's all right. But you know, nobody ever looked that other guy up and said, "Well, he lied about that." But because it was a prophet, the old devil's working on every corner trying to undermine him. He told us the truth, folks. That's true. History, Bible, Yeah. current current events, right? It all spells one thing. We have the truth. This is true. Young people, this is true. That's right. When I was a little boy, not much more than eight or nine years old, I'll never forget it all of my life, my dad, my mom, the preachers, someday there'll be a pope come out of America. Someday there'll be a pope come out of America. [Music] I tell you what, it's a shocking feeling. Now, for me personally, the timing, but I'm studying these things. I'm reading these things. I'm digging through these things. And then they put an American pope in. Wow. Praise God. Oh, brother. What a time we're living. It's time to It's time, folks. You know, Brother Brandham says it. He says, "If you think the master delayeth his coming," he said, "if you get your mind." He said, "People will do almost anything." Yes, sir. But when it becomes real to you, you reenter your life. You refocus your heart. I tell you, I believe it's a time I believe it's the time to reenter our hearts on the word of life. Let our confessions be reordered under the inspiration of the Almighty in his presence. Do you love him tonight? Amen. Amen. Brother Ben in my life. Lord be glorified. Be Be glorified in my life. Glory be glorified today. [Music] Oh, in my life. Lord, be glorified. Be glorified in my life, Lord. Lord be glorified today in your church. in your church. Lord be all be glorified. Be glorified in your church, Lord. We glorify [Music]
