################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-24 - Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘A Great Spiritual Warfare - Ephesians Pt 35’ - (Sun 6/30/2024) - Wayne Lawson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-24
Title:   Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘A Great Spiritual Warfare - Ephesians Pt 35’ - (Sun 6/30/2024)
Speaker: Wayne Lawson
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgDHJEitlrE
========================================

Amen. You are beautiful beyond [Music] description to marvelous for words to wonderful for [Music] comprehension like nothing ever seen. me or her? Who can grasp your infinite [Music] wisdom? Who can fathom the depths of your love? You are beautiful beyond description. Oh majesty is thrown above. Lord I stand. I stand in all of you. I stand I stand in all of you. Holy God to all praise is due. I stand in all of you. Lord, I stand. Oh, I stand. I stand in all of you. I stand. And I stand in all of [Music] you. Holy God to you. All praise is you. I say in all the you. Holy God to you. All praise is to Lord, I stand in awe of you. Amen. Amen. Isn't he a mighty God? Amen. Amen. What a blessing to be in the house of the Lord today and to see his grace and his mercy. Amen. Now it's spread forth upon the people of God and Amen. It's a beautiful time to serve the Lord and Amen. A beautiful day to do it. Amen. God bless you. As you have your Bibles today, I'd like to read from the book of Ephesians, the 6th chapter. I'm going to be reading the 10th uh to the 18th verse. Um, I thought maybe I would stay in Ephesians 5 a little while longer, but this just just coming on my heart. So, we're going to go there. Um, it's just it just keeps coming. So, Ephesians chapter 6 verse 10, and I want to read the uh through the 18th verse here. Sorry, Isaac, I didn't get you those. Um, finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord. and in the power of his might. Paul's preached a long time to say those words. Finally, my brethren, he he you know, I I've preached the whole book of Ephesians so I could say that this morning. So, could I say it again? Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might, and put on the whole armor of God, that you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers, and against the rulers of darkness of this world, and against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God, that you might be able to withstand in the evil day, and have done all to stand. Stand. Amen. Therefore, having your loins girth with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness, and your feet that is shaw of the preparation of the gospel of peace, and above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith you shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked, and to take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the spirit, which is the word of God, praying always with all prayer and supplication in the spirit, and watching there unto the perseverance and supplication for all saints. Amen. God bless you this morning. As you could be seated, I I would like to take the context of this and of course I'm in this Ephesians series, but I'd like to talk to you on this great spiritual battle. Uh this uh this portion of scripture, of course, brother Brandon will use this in a couple different places, and he'll he'll bring like from the sermon, the contest. Uh there's the putting on the whole armor of God. And then there's also uh the greatest battle ever fought. And uh of course we'll probably uh continue it a little bit in this area because there's a lot to pick up and I I won't be able to do it all today. Uh but this uh the greatest battle ever fought. Uh I want to read a quote from here because I think it's powerful. In 1962 uh this is the third month uh the 11th day of 1962. Brother Brandon begins the sermon paragraph 61. He says I believe that the greatest battle ever fought is now ready to go into action. So in 1962, brother Bram was announcing the beginning of the greatest battle that has ever been fought. Now I I think it's powerful to acknowledge, Amen. what happens after this statement is, Amen. Then just within a year comes the opening of the seals, which this is exactly where the battle comes is because it comes to headship, right? Amen. It's it's when the Holy Spirit begins to define his meaning of what the word of God is. And God begins to bring headship to the church. He knew that was going to be a battle over headship. That was the great battle. Amen. Of who it was going to be. The great battle that was ever fought is now ready to go into action. And I believe God is selecting his soldiers. And I believe he's been dressing them and training them. And the battlefront is now set getting ready to get started. Amen. I believe God's got an army. Don't you? Amen. I I was I knew brother uh Amen. I knew brother Seth and Steph and and uh brother Mike and them were up camping this last week. So last yesterday I was studying. I got to thinking about them and I asked him this text said, "Hey, you holy rollers on your way home yet?" Amen. God's got some God's got some uh soldiers. Amen. Now the world might call them holy rollers. Amen. They might have some kind of a fanatical name for them. you know, holy rollers, Pentecostals. Uh they they they say bad things about us, fanatics and old church Bible thumpers, and they got all kinds of bad names. But but but God calls you soldiers. Amen. You're you're a soldier of the cross. You're a soldier of what God has got to do in this age. And he's ready now for that for for his soldiers to go into action. Amen. Now, of course, uh anytime you come into a battle, it is nothing but a contest. Brother Bam calls it the contest. And he said, "We don't wrestle against flesh and blood, but against spiritual wickedness." Now, Brother Bam, in the message contest, he said it like this. And a contest is a test of strength. He says that is a testing of strength. like to uh like in the old days I'd almost like to I'd like to show you sometimes I' I'd like to act out but you know like in the old days brother Ram said the the Indians actually would have a tug of war and they always did it over a fire you know I I'll tell you I I bet if it was a fire you'd pull a little harder you know uh it's a test of strength cuz if if you're getting pulled to a fire you're going to pull with all your might. Amen. Amen. And you know, uh, it looks like in the natural it what it looks like is we've got brother Stephen having a tug of war with brother Samuel. I mean, that's what it looks like. It looks like it looks like the devil is on one end. Now, you're not the devil. Amen. But but it it it looks like the devil's on one end. Amen. And you got some little swimp on the other side. Amen. Um, not Samuel. But but but you you but you got to look into the invisible. Amen. You got to see that there's more there. Amen. Than what meets the eye. Amen. There's a there's a hidden strength in the church. Amen. That Jesus said a little while and the world see me no more. But ye shall see me or I will be with you even in you. So brother Bam said there's your hidden power. that hidden power that Samson was operating and there's a hidden power in the church and there's a tug of war over the fires of hell and brother said Satan is doing everything he can do to drag you into the fire. Amen. But if you read the back of the book, spoiler alert, Amen. It actually ends up that the church pulls Satan into the lake of fire. Amen. So there must be a strength in the church. It has a power, amen, to pull the enemy into his own fires. Amen. The prophet of God said, "Of course, Satan's going to combat the church and his strength." Amen. Because, see, it's a strength between Satan and God. So, it's Satan coming against God's word and God giving his word to his church. Now, this this becomes a strength, amen, of who's going to believe the word or who's going to doubt the word. That's the strength of the church. Now, if you're looking today, of course, amen, people talk about devils, you know, and spiritual warfare. Some people uh they they think it's kind of like that the devil's just a thought or he's just a bad thought you have or he's some kind of psychology or he's just a feeling, you know. Amen. But brother Bam says, "See, but you got to know your enemy if you're going to train for a contest. You going to have to meet him. So, you're going to have to know who your enemy is." And brother Bam then goes into boxing and how that a boxer must be trained. Now, here's the thing. If you're going to know that, you got to know your enemy. And the church as well has to know its leader. So we we have to know who's leading and we have to know who we're fighting. And and these are important things to get right. These are important things to get right. I think it was Billy Graham one time talked about he was watching a football game and he said he seen a guy and he said, "I didn't know about about football." He said, "But I seen a guy get a football." And he said he run the thing nearly a hundred yards. And he said his he he said he said it was a it was an amazing run. almost the whole football field he run the wrong way. He said but his own teammates were trying to tackle him. He said in the crowd on the wrong side was cheering him. He said come to find out he run the ball the wrong way. Amen. And he run a touchdown but he run it for the wrong team. So you you got to make sure you're running in the right direction. You you got to make sure which side you're fighting for and on. Amen. And and the only way to do that is to be able to discern amen what it is that we're fighting. So there there must be a leader. Now, we ask ourselves, who is that great end time leader? And I know there's been a lot of ministries step up to the platform, you know, and they they say little things to let you know that they possibly are the leader, you know, since Brother Brandham's gone. They're probably they're the one that that the people should be following. And and and I I'll say this very uh humbly. Amen. I I really believe that the only real true clarif clarified leader is the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And everybody else should be under that leadership. Amen. Amen. And that leadership of course when come into battle it is got to be clear the leadership. And I and I I'll say this when Joshua in the Bible now the book of Joshua it parallels the book of Ephesians. So you can see why we're drawing from Joshua. It parallels the book of Ephesians. And it was when Joshua began his great uh uh pilgrimage into the new land that it wasn't just a few minutes after he got over that they ran into the great battle of the walls of Jericho. It was almost an immediate thing that that was the first battle. It didn't start good or easy for him. It was one of the hardest battles right in front. Amen. But you you find out that when Joshua was examining uh uh the the the the battle that was in front of him and he went over to the walls, Brother Bam said he was standing up on side of the mountain and he was looking over the battle trying to determine what it was going to be and he see thought he was the leader, right? He thought that he was the leader of the army and the captain. So he was trying to make his mind up how we're going to do all these things. And then he looks up in Joshua 5:14 says, he said, "There stood a man." Amen. And and there stood a man with his sword drawn. And and when Joshua saw him, y'all know the story. I won't read it, but he pulls his own sword. He says to him, he said, "You forest, are you against us?" Amen. So all of a sudden, there was a challenge come from him because, you know, Amen. After all, he was the leader. Amen. He was the one that was going to be leading this battle. But when he gets the words back from this stranger, he says to him, "I am the captain of the host." Wait a minute. Amen. Then Joshua, you're really not the guy. There's a guy bigger than you. Amen. Now, now I think it's powerful for a pastor to hear this. I think it's powerful, Amen. for a father to hear this. Amen. The father of family. I think it's powerful that any of us understand that there must be the leadership of almighty God. And that leadership that came, of course, Amen. when he come back and said, "I'm the captain of the host." Amen. Am I now come now? this God that they've been dealing with this whole time, amen, has been with Moses and with Abraham and he's all he's been this way. And according to the scriptures, amen, he has been the pillar of fire. For the Bible says in the book of Exodus that the Lord God said, I would send my angel before thee. And brother Bram said, you want to know what the angel looks like? He said the Bible said he would be a pillar of fire by night and a cloud by day. If you got that picture, you can put it up there. Amen. But you see that that pillar of fire was recognized to be the leadership, amen, of them. But now that pillar of fire was standing in a human body and he was identifying himself and he was letting Joshua know, amen, that that God promised to be here in your battles. Did it not say, Amen, that I would be an enemy to your enemy? That I would be an adversary to your adversary? Somebody said, what's God doing here? Well, if there's a battle, the Bible said the angel of the Lord would lead the church. Amen. And that leadership would be, amen, an adversary to your adversary. Amen. Now, now y'all look at that picture real close because there's one of them guys ain't here this morning. Amen. Our our prophet, Brother Brandham. Amen. Which we love and respect and quote every church service. Amen. But but God saw fit to take brother Brandham from us. But he didn't take away that pillar of fire that is still leading the church today. Come on. Because there's a spiritual battle. Amen. And if there's a spiritual battle, there has to be a leader. And that leader among us is a pillar of fire because he said he would lead us to the millennium. He didn't come just to walk away and leave this bride. But as long as the bride stays with the word, there is an archangel with a word. Michael will never leave this message. Come on, church. Brother Bam didn't just read Ephesians 6 for the greatest battle ever fought. He also read Daniel the 12th chapter. It would be a time when Michael would stand up for his people. Isn't it amazing that he would take a book and also in Revelations the 10th chapter that the mighty angel would descend out of heaven and there would be a book opened in his hand. What's it all about? He's here for the battle. He's here to lead the bride. She don't have to stand here this morning and wonder what she's supposed to do and what is the battle orders and how is it going to be. There is a clear leader among us today. And we're not looking for a man to take brother Bam's place. Is that Is that okay with y'all? Amen. So So by doing this, then we're seeing that the angel that went before him was a pillar of fire. But now the pillar of fire had took this body and was talking to him. Yeah. In the great warrior Joshua, brother Ram would say like this, that leader was none other than Christ himself. Amen. He says it was a pillar of fire had become a man. And I hope you know what I'm talking about. Y'all ain't never read anything like that in a message. Have you? Where brother Bam said that light came in the room and the next thing I know I'm looking at a man. Just leaving that there for you. that pillar of fire that had led them, the invisible one, the omnipotent one. They had a they had a trap set up for brother Brandham in Chicago. And he said, "You've seen him in divine healing. Now you come watch him in battle." Brother Bam didn't take his gun to that meeting. Brother Bam didn't take any IBMs or he didn't take no machetes or no no personal bodyguards. He took his Bible and he stood in front of 300 preachers and said to them, "You are the great the great ministry of Chicago. If I have taught serpent seed wrong, bring your Bible and stand beside me and prove it." And that was the quietest crowd. That's the quietest preachers ever been. He said, "If I've taught the Godhead wrong, bring your Bible and stand beside me." They wasn't scared of Brother Brandom. They weren't scared of Brother Brandom. They were scared of that other angel. It wasn't the seventh angel they feared. It was that mighty angel they feared. They feared him because, Amen, he could open the doors and channels of life. Now, they were smart to fear him. But but but but they set quiet. Now, the Bible said when the lion roar, Amen, the whole jungle gets quiet. If you ever wondered some about that silence, let me tell you this. You silence denomination and you silence the voice of the enemy, but you do it by vindicated word. Amen. It'll silence it every time. Now, the prophet of God said, "See, that was the Jericho wall." Now, I love to think about this that a battleground become a holy ground because he recognized that Christ was there in the battle. Listen. Amen. It's okay to be in a battle as long as you know there's a leader in the battle. And if that's the same leader that was at the walls of Jericho is here this morning, I tell you this, the only thing you got to do is start walking. Amen. Don't let the devil tell you that what you have is not enough to defeat him. He wants to stop you. But I say in the name of the Lord, get to walking. Get to walking down your doubts and your fears. Amen. And it don't matter if you see the walls tumbling or not. The Bible said that on the seventh day that all of the messengers sounded at one time. And when they begin to sound, the Bible said as one voice they sounded and begin to shout and the walls come tumbling down. And I say this morning as one voice, as one church of the living God. Amen. That sometimes you just need to start shouting before your walls down. Sometimes, listen, if the great if the great one that led Joshua said, Joshua, the walls will still be standing after seven days of walking, but they'll never stand when the voice of you begin to shout together. And as one voice this morning, I believe the final voice. I believe the bride voice is the final voice. And when she begins to sound together, I'll tell you, it'll cause a unity. It'll cause a vibration and it'll shake the foundations of hell. Hallelujah. I believe it. I believe if Paul and Silas could shake down the walls of their prison, I believe you can shake down the walls of sickness this morning and your trouble this morning. But sometimes you just need to praise God when you don't feel like it. when the troubles are around you and the and the problems are sitting there. Amen. I think it's time to praise God and let the devils fall to the left. Let them fall to the right. Somebody said, "Well, Brother Wayne, I I don't I don't hardly feel even worthy to praise God." I've just listened to the prophet this morning and he was talking about the great battle. He said there was a woman sitting in one of his meetings come to him said, "Brother Brandham said, you were preaching this morning and he said, "Oh, I got to feeling so good." She said, "While you were preaching, I thought I could have jumped up and just shouted." Brother Bham said, "Well, sister, you should have just jumped up and shouted." And she said, "But, Brother Bam," she said, "About the time you were preaching and everybody else was shouting." She said, "I felt like it, but then the it was there was a little feeling come over me and I felt like a nothing." She said, "I felt like a nothing." She said, "I felt not worthy to do it." And a little trouble's been in my life. And she said, "I just felt so unworthy to do it." He said, "Sister, that ain't nothing but the devil talking to you." He said, "Listen." He said, "You're a spiritual Amen. a spiritual uh a spiritual priest." He said, "And then that was when you were supposed to have sacrificed your praise was when you didn't feel like it." So when the devil comes along, makes you feel like a little nothing, I tell you what you do. You just shout aloud right then. When he comes along says, "You ain't got no right to praise." I think I'd stand on my feet and I would praise God and I'd tell that devil, you don't tell me when I can praise and you don't tell me when I can't praise. You don't tell me when I can shout and you don't tell me when I can't shout. I have a leader and Amen. It's the power of God and it's a reality this morning. Satan, I rebuke you trying to take control over the worship of Almighty God. Hallelujah. We got a right to worship God. We got a right to praise God. We are the children of God bought with a price. Purchased of the blood. Hallelujah. When Satan tells you to not, that's when I'm going to. Yeah. He says, "You need to feel this way. I'm going to feel different." A prophet told you that. He told you to go opposite of your feelings. [Applause] Opposite of how you feel. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, sometimes we just need to obey the leadership. If you feel a certain way, well, if I would shout now, it's going then that'd be a good time to shout, right? in and you just tell the devil, you will not control my worship. [Applause] You just won't going to do it. I don't know about y'all, but I can't stand it. I can't stand that feeling of of of just oppression and like a wet blanket, and I just can't take it. Sometimes I just want to shout so loud and set that thing on fire till I burn every ember of it away from my mind. And I have a freedom to stand there and say, "God is my God and he has power and he has reality." And devil, if you want to stick around, get you a seat and listen while we praise. See, headship is here. We have the answer to the devil's question. Headship is here. Now, Brother Brandham says, "And from that time, his ministry was to declare his presence." That's right. And brother Bram said, "He's here." Now, Brother Brandham again says it like this. He is the word, the headship, and he properly identified or vindicated by his own spirit being in the church. My goodness. Y'all forgive me. The residue of that worship still on me. I want to shout. Hallelujah. Glory be to God. See, that's why the Bible said, "Be strong in the Lord." And in the power of his might, not yours. Look, you got to trade your power for his power. You got to trade your strength for his strength. Brother Man preaches a whole message on it. He said, "Amen. This kingdom was made out of the weak." He said, "The whole kingdom of God was made from weak people." Brother man said, "But by the time he gets them weak enough to use him, they use it as an excuse to not be used." Took him 40 years to get Moses weak enough to use him. Moses then said, "Lord, I'm not going to be useful to you." So brother Bam said, "Don't use your weakness as an excuse because God took this long to get you that weak so that he could use you." So you're not too weak, you're too strong. You're too strong just to believe God. Listen, your strength as a believer is not in your ability. Your strength in as a believer is your adherence to the word of God of this age. Let me say this. Amen. I might not be the strongest man in the world. I might have weaknesses and conflicts and Amen. like everybody else. There's little complexes and fears and and and and it's it's all the time. My my battle ain't somebody else. It's me. I am my greatest enemy. you actually are your greatest enemy. But if you become strong in the Lord and the power of his might. Amen. Now, this we can do is believe the word because you was anointed to believe this. You're ordained to believe this. The same as an eagle is anointed to fly in the heavens. You've been anointed to believe this message. You don't know why, but God made you believe it. He designed you to believe it. And in despair, you believe it. And in trouble, you believe it. And in trials, you believe it because you're made to believe it. You're ordained and designed of Almighty God. You are a true believer. Yes. And your spiritual health is your adherence to the pure word of God. Now, let me say your enemy, Satan, and his tactic is to get you to disbelieve God's word. See, when you disbelieve one word of God's written Bible, you're disarmed. Satan ain't got to go around your house and do nothing else. But just get you to disbelieve this word. Now, let me say this. It don't take a whole paragraph to disbelieve. Eve disbelieved one promise. One word. Confused in one place. You say, "Where was she confused?" I'll tell you where she was confused. God keeps his word. That's right. She was confused upon that one thing and she was disarmed because of it. See, his attack, see, was to disbelieve the word. That's it. And that's Satan's weapon against you. Is to disbelieve the word. See, it's tried to get you to disbelieve. When you disbelieve the word, you're disarmed. You have no protection at all. You dropped your weapon. Amen. I got a story, but I'll leave that one. Amen. If you if if the devil can talk you out of what you're holding is powerful, then he disarmed you. Can you imagine Goliath? That was his tactic, right? You can't hurt me, you little fellow, with that slingshot. But David knew better. His strength was in the Lord. I don't come to you with stabs and swords. I come to you in the name of the Lord. The word interpreted in the age. I come to you with the word of God. So therefore, he knew where his strength was. Now, of course, the the the the the message of this hour is the restoring of the full word of God. Now, could I say this very clearly? Brother Brandham says it like this. When you restore the word, you restore power. When you restore the word, you restore power. We have moved from justification, sanctification, and the baptism of the spirit. We have moved into the full word of God where the entire word is being brought forth in its fullness and in its strength. So, well, they were really strong back in the days of Pentecost. Brother Ram said Pentecost gave its strength into the bride. So, the good things of Pentecost are in the bride. That's right. the good things. Now, the shot part of Pentecost is behind us and it's dried up and it's dead. And life don't go backwards. Life goes upwards because God is leading life and he's led it into the gene seed. And that seed holds all the good things that Pentecost held, which was life. Amen. And that life according to David. David the the one that struck Goliath down is the one that said the Lord is my strength and he is my shield. I love that. Don't you? The Lord is my strength and he is my shield. In Psalms 271, the Lord is the light of my salvation and whom shall I fear? There must have been something to fear or he wouldn't have said that. Amen. You know, nobody ever just stood up in the room and said, "I'm not afraid of what?" He You see what I'm saying? There was something pressing him. There was some fear on him or he wouldn't say I'm not fear. So therefore, there was a great opposition. And he goes on later to say that my foe has encamped about me and they have fell upon me to to novel me. Amen. They were scoffers everywhere. And David stood in the middle of said, "The Lord is my strength and my life. Of whom shall I fear? He is my light." So there was darkness. He's my light. So I believe the church of the living God can look into the face of this leodysian age, this dark age, and we can say, "He is the light of my salvation." Say, "Well, it's dark everywhere. Not for the bride." Because in this city, the lamb is the light thereof. You see, I said, "Well, brother Wayne, I tell you what, trouble is everywhere. We are to fear." Listen, I do not fear because the Lord is my strength. Now, blessed is that man that believes in the Lord. And I think it's David says it here. He said, "From strength to strength they go." Amen. They go from increasing victory to increasing victory because that there is a strength in them. I'll say this to you this morning. Now, there is a real devil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. There is a real devil. And let me tell you, amen. That word devil in the Greek means accuser or slanderer. Well, that guy lives up to his name, don't he? He's an accuser or a slanderer. Amen. You find that in the Hebrew the word Satan means an adversary. So, he is a devil. He's a accuser. He's a slanderer. As Satan, he is an adversary of the church. Of course, this means there is one devil and there are many demons. Now, I've always used this for the Godhead because you got to get it right. Right. And people people can get so mixed up on the godhead. So, I just say it real clearly. Does it take many devils to beat up or many many gods to beat up one devil? Why is it that the the religious world is not trying to divide the devil in three persons? Why are they okay with the devil being one powerful person, but they want God divided in three people? Isn't that odd? Cuz they're trying to say it takes three gods to beat up one devil. But let me assure you that God is not three. For hear ye, oh Israel, the Lord, thy God is one God. Amen. There is one God. Amen. And that is God. Of course, Satan is his adversary. And Satan means to lie and wait. He's an adversary. Uh, of course. Amen. He's a diablo. He is an adversary accuser. He's a devil. And brother Bam says it like this. People think it's just a thought. He said, but see, he says it's not just a bad thought. He said, and the Holy Spirit is not just a good thought. They're persons. Yes, sir. He said the Bible speaks of the Holy Spirit said when he the Holy Spirit has come, he is a personal pronoun. So he is a person and the devil is a person and demon are persons. Yes, they are demons. They come in many ways. There's one devil, many demons. Who are those demons? I'll tell you who they are. They're them ones that fell out of heaven. Amen. Now, we could correct that a little bit and they fell, but really Michael cast them out. They didn't leave on their own. God put them packing because they were following the devil. Isn't that powerful? Amen. So, what happens is God pushed them out of the heavens and those fallen angels have become demons under the devil. He still does his work today. See what it is? It's power. See, God and Satan is power. If you don't believe in the devil, Brother Bam said, he says you're going to run a headlong into him every day. Don't tell me there's no devil. I know better. I fight with him every day. There is a devil, and you must be trained to meet him. Not trained in psychology, not trained in education, but trained by the Holy Spirit. God's power in his word to make it manifested. Now, now I I I know that I've gotten a name that brother Wayne, boy, he hates psychology. Now, I don't I don't hate psychology. Maybe sometimes Christian counsel and I I think I get in trouble every time I get around this point, but but let me just say this. Amen. What I'm talking about is is the devil is in psychology. So that's like giving the bank robber the security to the bank. He can really really do a good job securing that bank until he wants some money. And Satan through psychology can really secure a family till he wants in. Because see, it's it's it's brother Brandham is saying to us that we don't need psychology training. We need a Holy Ghost training which would take the word of God and make it manifest in our life. Now y'all know, Amen. The word demon, Brother Bam said, is a devil and it comes from an English word, a tormentor. So the devil is a tormentor. Anybody know him like that? Somebody said, "Well, there ain't no such thing as torment." I said, "Well, you've never spent a night alone with a mosquito in the south." Woo, brother Carrie. You know what I mean? Hey, man. Them skeers down there in Arkansas, they breed with the turkeys and you feel like your Thanksgiving dinner sometime. They swap it around on you know and and and and you know, we didn't have air conditioners, guys, when I was a kid growing up. We I mean we had an attic fan and and sometimes you took the screens off, you know, to wash the windows and you had to be real careful to get them babies back in place, not get a hole in them cuz if there's a little crack on the edge or you knew it. You knew if you didn't do it right cuz that night you could hear them buzzing them mosquitoes and and you knew there was a hole somewhere. Somebody didn't do something right somewhere. Somebody left the door open somewhere because them little tormentors were in the in the room. And you know, as a believer now, you you you want to you want to make sure the screens is up and the door stays closed. And because if you start hearing the buzz of those mosquitoes, you know something's just not right somewhere. So what do you want to do? You want to fortify yourself and tell that devil, get on out of here. So So I don't want to call the gospel a mosquito spray like a par for raid. But sometimes it would be a good example, amen, that you just take a can of raid and fog the room. Amen. And just tell that devil, I've heard enough of your buzzing. I've I I've had all of it I'm going to take. And I don't know about you, but I'm just tired of the whispers of Satan as tries to destroy the church of the living God. I believe this morning there is a tormentor, but I'm here to torment that devil. He knew last night what it was going to be. Amen. I I I tell you, I start opening up some of this and Amen. the devil starts every which way. Amen. Amen. You know what I know though? I know that Amen. He might torment me. Amen. But I'm going to torment him right back. I'm going to read the right act to him out of the Bible and tell him he's a whipped devil. That Jesus whipped him at Calvary. The blood was shed for him. I'm a free man this morning. I don't owe any debts of sin or disgust, but I am here this morning free to fight. Hallelujah. That's right. Amen. There is demons and there's a channel right here. You know, the brother Bam explains it. There's a channel right here. And he said there's a channel above us and there's a channel below us. And he said there's an enemy who's trying to influence you downward. He said then God's angels are trying to influence you upward. That's just a way of saying it. But you're walking in a channel that both of those influences have power in. You are not just human beings. You are spiritual people and you have a spirit and there's an enemy working in that spirit. And if you don't get out of the 10 gates of the senses and you don't walk away from conscious and feeling and you don't get out of your emotions, the devil's going to play with you every day. He's going to have you racked up in your mind. Amen. But if you'll ever get to the place where you just step over in the word of God and say, "Satan, I know where I'm standing. I know what I believe." You could just get right on out of here. You know what happens? Satan loses his power in that place. So that's why the message of the hour come to call you out of your denomination. Called you out of tradition. Come on now. Amen. Where we going? To the word where we can stand for this great end time battle. Hallelujah. Every once in a while, you'll see there's influences that come upon people. Both Satan and his angels and God is working among the people. In Revelations 9, you've read it. There's a king over them 200,000,000 demons. It's the devil. In Isaiah 14, the Bible records that Satan was cast out of heaven. Why art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning? Thou has been cast down into the earth. Isn't that powerful? Amen. Jesus in Luke 10 said he saw it. I beheld Satan fallen from heaven like lightning. Now it's amazing is because brother Bram said Isaiah saw what was in the devil's heart. But Paul saw him come into position. But Jesus tells us why the devil fell from heaven. It was when he gave power to the church. Remember Jesus says it and I beheld them falling from heaven and the power was given to the church. See, see, brother Bram says it like this. He said when the Holy Ghost fell on the day of Pentecost, he said, Satan never even got out of bed. Right? He said, Satan never even got out of bed. He said, but when Peter went walking down by the gate, beautiful. And he looked over at a lame man and he said, Silver and gold have I none, but that what I have, I give unto thee in the name of Jesus. Rise up and walk. When he said that and the man got off of there and began to walk, brother Bon said, they said, "The devil got all the demons out of bed." And they said, "You better stop this thing now." Why? Because they seen that power was given back to the church through the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Listen, let me say this morning, you're more powerful than you know you are. You're more powerful than you realize you are. And Satan and all of his buzzing always telling you, you're a nobody. You have no power. You have no ability. You're never able. He's trying to keep you quiet because he knows you have something in you that disturbs his whole kingdom. Oh, Satan would love nothing more than to quieten you, to quieten your testimony, to quieten your life. Amen. But God is influencing you otherwise. Amen. I know I know Satan's trying to control your worship, but angels are here to charge you. They're here to charge you and influence you into worshiping God. So, well, Brother Wayne, it's just sickness. Brother Bam said deaf and dumb spirits were cast out and the devil had a deaf and dumb. Brother Bram said that's what it was was a spirit. Do you see spirits whole? Brother Bam said if it was an arm broke, you could fix it. He said, but sometimes he said there's there's like a transparent band. You know what it is? A transparent band that's on a nerve. And he said, "It's just like having a transparent band around your hand." He said, "You see your hand going blue." He said, "You wonder what's there's nothing wrong with your hand. There's nothing wrong with your veins. It's a band that's cutting off the circulation." And brother Bam said, "That's the way a devil will do." He'll get on a nerve and cut it off and then you can't hear or you can't talk or there's something happening you. He said, "And the doctors can't find any reason why." He said, "It's a transparent band. It's a devil." Now, now you said, "Preacher, Amen. You got to know where all sickness comes from. Brother Ram tailed it back to the Garden of Eden and said it was the devil. God didn't make you sick, friend. God didn't cause these problems. God didn't do these things. He might have allowed it to happen, but he gave his blood and his sacrifice that you could tell that devil, amen, by his stripes, I am healed. By his blood, I am saved. I have got a right this morning to joy and to peace and to happiness because God gave it to me by the blood. Now Jesus was the one that said this and brother Brandham said, "Of course, you got to know your battle. You got to know your enemy." And he said, "Your enemy is in a battle. Know your enemy and you got to know your armor." Your armor is the word and your enemy is anything that reasons against it. Amen. The voice of your enemy is anything contrary to the word. Satan has been successful in his marvelous success in carrying out his threats by people letting him explain away in every age the value of God's promised word for that age. You remember Thursday night I was showing you the power of changing was to look into the message unveiled. It was a power and Satan is trying to explain away the value of setting and reading those quotes of preaching the message. And it's like years ago, I remember as a guy come up to me and he says to me, he says to me, he said, "Brother Wayne," he said, "the power is in reading the scripture. There's no power in reading those quotes." And I thought, "Fella, you don't know what you're talking about." I've stood there in Africa with 5,000 people and read a quote and blow the tent doors off. Amen. The power of the end time message. I've seen spirits run and hide. I stood there in India and saw the power of God drop in a room and 30 I think at least 30 apostolic men come to the message in one meeting because of a quote I read. So what he's trying to devalue the reading of the quotes and the preaching of the message and he's trying to devalue that. Well, I know why he's trying to devalue. He's trying to disarm you. Look, when the enemy comes in like a flood, God raises a standard. And the standard of the age is the eagle anointing which is revelation. If you're doubting the message, get a revelation. This revelation is that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus can still speak. Jesus can still talk. Jesus can still walk. Jesus still shows up in the meetings. This message proves this is not a dead ladder. It's the mechanics and the dynamics. It's the spirit of Jesus Christ. This message is powerful. It'll move you. It'll clean you. It'll fill you. It'll energize you. It'll strengthen you. But Satan says all those are just quotes. Come on. Amen. Praise. Yeah. Amen. I adise him. That's what I tell you, too. Brother Brandham said, "It's Satan's army to bring destruction and to get you to disbelieve God's word that he might be able to set up a better kingdom than Michael's." And God cast him out. God's method is to cast out evil. God's method of dealing with it is to cast out evil. You say, "Cast out evil?" That's why Paul said, "The weapons of my warfare, they are not carnal, but they are mighty to the pulling down of strongholds." And man, here, brother, picks it up and says, "That's right. Cast it out. Cast down reasoning. Cast down superstition." When you're reasoning with the word, call it what it is. It's a demon. It's a devil. You got to know who's talking to you. That's not your mind. That's not your thought. Don't own it. Don't feel guilty for it. I I don't Sometimes I I have a hard time expressing exactly what I mean. But can can I just say sometimes, let me just say it like this. You got to know who's thinking through your mind. And sometimes it's not you. And if it's not you, don't feel guilty for it. Cast the thing away. Y'all know the quote, the prophet said a guy come up to him and apolog. And he said, "No, you wasn't." He said, "It was the man sitting behind you." The guy said, "Well, I knew I loved you. You know, I knew I loved you, Brother Ram. I couldn't figure out why I was thinking this." Cuz it wasn't your thought. It wasn't you doing the thinking. It was somebody behind you and it was passing through your mind. So, when a thought comes in your mind that don't seem right, it ain't right, cast it down and say, "Oh, dirty devil, you'll not put that thing in my mind." Now, I'm talking about real warfare. I'm talking about people who's going to live victorious in this end time. Satan can send 200 million devils, but there'll be a bride who will be in authority. She'll stand with that word anyhow. Cast down your superstition. Cast down your weary. Cast down your diseases. Cast down your sin. Let me say this. Get it out of your head and get it under your feet. It is not here to rule you. If there's a devil here this morning, he showed up to die. Me and Timothy Puit was building their church down there at the Eden Light. Amen. We come up there one morning. There's a big old rattlesnake laying out on the concrete porch. He said, "Look at that thing, Brother Wayne." I said, "Yes, sir." One of us got a shovel. I don't remember which one it was. We took that shovel and chopped the head right off of that thing. I said, "Timothy, that devil come here this morning to die." And let me tell you this. If that devil showed up here this morning, he's only coming this church to die. Amen. Because there is a group of people here that will cast down worry. Cast down imagination. And understand it is the bite of the serpent. There is a real devil. He's not a thought. He's a person. And so is the Holy Ghost. Now, let me say this. Overcoming means to recognize the devil in every one of his tricks. Lots of people say, "Well, there's no devil." It's just a thought. Don't you believe that there's a real devil. He's as real as you or anybody else. He's a real devil. And you got to recognize him real and you must know he's a devil. But at the same time, you've got to recognize and know he's a devil and he's against you. But to overcome him, you must recognize that there is a God and in you is greater and mightier than he is. And he has already overcome that devil. You know Jesus has already overcome that devil. Amen. Now, Amen. I grew up with big brothers. I know what it means to have a tough big brother. I never will forget a a a bully down in our gym when I was a kid. Now, when Sammy, you're a big old kid compared to what I was when I was in seventh grade. I was 4 foot 10 and I might have weighed 110bs. Maybe. Maybe. And they let the junior high in with the senior high and the gymnasium because it was a poor school. We only had one gym. So all the kids were in the same gym. The seniors with the freshman and also with the seventh graders who I was right. So there was an old boy that loved to hit young people in the head with ba basketballs. He thought it was the funniest thing ever. And he would throw that basketball, man. He hit you in the head and just knock you for a loop. Well, brother Earl, I had to pray through cuz when I was that age, I had a temper like an alligator and a body like a hummingbird. And those are not a good match, folks. So, I decided, you know what? I ain't going to take another one of them. And one day I old boy come at me and I just turned around started running at him and he took off running. I mean the guy took off running. I was like faster he run faster I run. He was running and it was man it had my ego build up till I turn around looked behind me and there was my big brother. He wasn't running from me. Oh no. He was running for my big brother. Listen, you sometimes got to remind that devil. Amen. Look, if you if you want to run away from the devil, you're going to get smaller and smaller and smaller and smaller. But if you're ready to turn and face that devil, there's a big brother here this morning that'll back you up. He'll tell that devil, "Don't you let don't you touch my anointed?" No. If you're ready to fight, there's a God that'll back you up. If you're ready to say to the devil, "No more." There's a God here that'll back you up this morning. somebody here that'll hold you that'll that'll have you back in the whole thing. You said, "Brother Wayne, I tell you what, we got this whole armor, but I'll tell you, brother Bam said, here's the thing that holds the whole thing together is truth. Truth holds the whole thing together." He said, "Truth is the thing that buckles the whole armor on you. It's truth." And when I say this this morning, this message of the hour is truth. And I believe that we could stand here and we could look in the Bible. We could say it was true. And but but but we're living in and modern times. This message is truth. I've often said it. There was a woman at the well heard the Messiah sign one time. Just one time. And she said, "Sir, I perceive thou art a prophet and we expect the Messiah that when he comes is supposed to tell us these things. Who are you?" He said, "I am he." And she burned up a city telling people the truth that she had just heard. If if that woman off of one off of one uh uh uh experience with that Messa sign, what about us that sits here and I have my sister to count them. There's over 8,300 times recorded on tape where William Brandham discerned, called names, told sicknesses, and announced healings. Visions over 8,300 times. There's not that many in the Bible, folks. The whole Bible does not contain that many visions in the ministry of Jesus Christ. But he's got a greater ministry today than he had then. And people say, "Well, if I lived back then, I'd have believed him." No, you wouldn't have. If you can't take what he done today, how would you have ever took what he done in that day? Amen. Around the world over, this ministry has went through to affect the church of the living God to let you know who is here. It's true. This message is true. Let it hold your armor on you. It's true. If you say it ain't true, it's time for battle. See, the the truth holds on the armor. Now, you got to be equipped. If you're if you're going to face the devil, you're going to have to be equipped. Can I I love how Paul says this. He said, "When you when you've done everything to stand, then what do I do? You stand. There are times in your life you just have to stand. There ain't nothing to do. It's stand. Listen, when Moses was standing at the Red Sea, Amen. They were running up and down the banks. Brother Bram said the people would have run him crazy in his emotional realm. He said, but he got with the Lord and the Lord said, "Stand still and see the salvation of God." You know what Moses did? He spoke the word and stood there and waited for the action of the word to take place because he stood still and waited for God. And there are times in your life where you got to know it's right. You got to be certain that you've done it right. You got to be certain that things are in order. You got to be certain that you have prepared. Amen. And then when everything is against you, it's not a time to run. Let me say this. There is no running blood in this bride. There is no cowards in this service. There is no shield on the back of this church. We are not a group of cowards. We are the sons and the daughters of God. And we will not retreat. And we will not surrender. And we will not back up. We will not back up. We will stand our ground. [Applause] Now, I say this, some of the greatest men in the Bible took their names because of their stand. You don't read about the Alamo because they packed up and left. You read about it because they stood. You read about Ireanius because they turned him to a stake and he stood there. You you read about men of the Bible who like Tinddale and John the Baptist and John the Re. You read about these men for their stands that they took. And I'll say there's a time that when you've done everything you can do, you stand. When there's nothing else you can do, you tell that devil, "Amen, I'm not moving an inch off of the ground God gave me." Brother Bam said, "And in that moment, you turn the big blast words on him of thus sayaith the Lord. I know where I'm at. Thus saith the Lord. I know the message is true. Thus saith the Lord." Somebody said, "Well, you can't say thus sayaith the Lord." The prophet of God said, "The bride now has thus saith the Lord." How do we have thus sayith the Lord? We've had a prophet among us. He's given us the answer. He gave us the answer. And here we stand with it today. Now, you may think that you're not you may think that you're not a person that could stand, but brother Brandham said it like this. He said, "God chose a bride that would not fall. That would hold to that word regardless of what the world had to say. They would hold to that word. They are predestinated to stand there. It's the adoption of children but Jesus Christ predestinated to that glory stand. Do you know the prophet says it like this? She is the second Eve and she is not breaking or spulling her skirts of purity of holiness to her husband. She'll stay with that word regardless. You say second Eve. Now if you notice this, the first Adam, his wife fell and there was a second Adam to redeem the first Adam. But now there's a second Eve to redeem the first Eve. And they were both tried on their husband's words. Do you see? It's the word of God. This this bride, it may seem very strange that in an age of grace, in this evil age, brother, it seems very strange that God would choose this age to bring a bride. Isn't it? Is it is it strange to you that he chose the darkest of all the evilst of all ages to bring a bride out of that age that he says by his own word will be spotless and blameless. Oh my goodness. He brings her out of the darkest, deepest, nastiest of ages and said she'll be spotless and blameless. You know what it is? It's out of that very evil age. Brother Ram said what it is is he was going to prove to the devil. I love it. He's going to prove to the devil. You say, "What am I doing here?" You're proof. You're proof that there this Eve is not like that first Eve. You can't put just a little bit of a trial on one of his bride members and them just crumble under. Oh, I ain't going to fight you. No. No. And that's not this bride. Well, brother. No sir. No sir. Not a member of her. No, devil. If it's a fight you want. It's a fight you can have. I will not give up my young people. You see that? Now, there's a mama sitting here this morning knows what I'm talking about. That Satan has done everything he could do to rip that baby out of your home. And you say, "No, sir. Satan, you can't have them." And when and you say, "Well, Brother Wayne, they're already gone. This is the word. Satan, I'm coming to get them. I'm coming to get them. We ain't going to leave them behind. We're not going to forget they exist. They are our heritage. They belong to us. And the devil can't have them. You hear me? Devil, you can't have them. by God's divine authority. You can't have them, devil. We're going to have church camps. We're going to have youth camps. And our young people's going to shout and dance. And they're going to roll and have Holy Ghost meetings because I want them to know, you don't have to go to a bar to get drunk. And you don't have to go to a dance to dance. There is a power in the house of God that can give liberty and truth. Hey, glory to God. No, Satan. You can't have our young people. You can't have our joy. You cannot have it. You cannot take it away from us. We will fight. Yes, sir. So, Brother Wayne, what are you talking about? You are proof to the devil. I can't take this pressure. Yes, you can. Amen. Yes, you can. You're a proof to the devil. [Music] You say, "Well, how does God know he could trust me? How do he know he could trust Job?" [Music] Now, y'all y'all forgive me, but I I just was I was just studying this week and I saw a tremendous parallel here. When you're ending ending the Ephesians 5, you're hearing Paul talk about a blameless church without spot or wrinkle. Have you ever read the first book of Job, right in the first chapter, and see what God was saying about Job? He was blameless. He was perfect. Job and the bride are in the same place before their temptations began. And God showed through Job and proved to the devil and he's chose you in this age. And he's proven to the devil by your life that there is a woman that's going to stand. There is a young person that's going to stand in this end time. It don't matter what the rest of them are doing. Somebody's going to hold on to this message. I know. I I know what I'm saying. people going every which way, but somebody's going to stand in the middle of it all and hold the message banner up and say it's true. This message is true. [Applause] Amen. There's got to be a stand. If you go to Job, just follow along with me. Job 1 and6, watch what this happens when when all of a sudden you're getting a look. Now, I won't be here all day, so just just bear with me a moment. We we watch Job. We watch Job give us a view of something you hardly see. You hardly see the battle behind the battle. Usually, you're just fooling with what you can see in the natural, but you never really know what's behind things. But Job opens up and shows you the generals. It shows you the great army and how it was being designed up in the heavens. And the Bible said, "And there was a day when the sons of God come to present themselves before the Lord and Satan come along with them." Now, Satan is real. So, I I'm not going to preach. We already preached there. Satan is real and he come among them. So, there is a real devil and he is a tempter. This portion of scripture is going to let you hear the devil's own words, what he's up to. And the Lord said unto Satan, "Whence comest thou?" And then Satan answered and said, 'Lord, from going to and fro in the earth and from walking up and down in it. Now, what's he doing? What's he doing going up and down in the earth? What's he doing looking around? According to the book of Peter, he's looking for somebody to devour. He's like a roaring lion and he's and he's prowling the earth and he's looking for somebody that he can just devour. He's looking for prey. He's looking for somebody he can take out. This is amazing. Satan begins to tell the Lord what he's doing? And the Lord said to Satan, "Has thou considered my servant Job?" I tell you what, man, if you could just put your name right there. Yes, sir. You said, "Breacher, what are you seeing in that?" I tell you what I'm seeing. God knew Job by first name. The king of all kings. Knew this man's first name and had confidence in him. Brother Bam said, "The reason being is cuz him and Job talked often. They had fellowship." So God knew him. And the Lord said unto Satan, "Hast thou considered my servant Job? There is none like him in the earth. Perfect and upright man, one that fearth God. Have thou considered Amen. Have thou considered him? He's perfect and he's upright. Here's what the Lord's the Lord's laying on him now. Hey, it's one thing to be the tallest tree in the forest, but you're going to draw lightning. You say, "Well, I'm the best Christian in the church." Well, don't think it's going to be good days all days. Cuz if you are God's example, let me tell you, all hell has pointed their targets at you. And the Lord said, "If thou consider my servant Job, he's a perfect and upright man." Now watch this. This is God estimating Job just like God estimates this bride. Now you see then I can hear the Lord in this end time battle. Have you considered My second Eve. I just tore that first Eve apart. I tell you what, I have you considered. My second Eve. She's spotless and blameless. Can you imagine? I tell you, it's powerful to my Well, I s read this yesterday. I thought I was going to shout my way out of my shed. Satan answered the Lord and said, "Doeth Job fear God for not?" Oh, so Satan knew his name, too. This man was not just known in heaven. He was known in hell. And I tell you what, I I think it was Martin Luther said, "I just soon be known in hell." Yeah. Amen. As in heaven. I want to be well known in hell just as I'm known in heaven. Amen. I tell you what, he wasn't well known for a reason that he was with him. And I tell you what, I pray to God that the devil wakes up every morning and when he hears my name, he tells the devils, "Y'all better run and hide. Here he comes again." I know these devils think that that we're just pray. But listen, brother, he's going to get his he's going to get his feather singed in this meeting cuz he's a devil and we know his name. We know who he is and we know the power that we exceed over him this morning. Look like this. Hey man, had you considered her? And here it is. Job, he said, has he and Job uh feared God for not what? Watch what he says. Has thou not made a hedge? So he had been trying. Tells it right here. He had been trying. Have you considered my job? Uh my And the devil acts like he hadn't. But watch what he says. You got a hedge around him. How'd that man know it was a security system around that bank? How'd he know what kind of security system you had on your house? Because he'd been over there looking how to get in. And he said it. He said, "Hey, listen." He said, "There's a hedge about this man in his house and all about that hath on every side, and thou hast blessed the work of his hands, and his substance is increased in the land." Amen. Now look at this. Amen. But this devil, amen, says to him, in other words, this devil, there's a there's a actually the definition of devil was slander and accusation. And one of the one of the definition schedules there actually says he's a slander of both God and man. Because here he's slandering the God Job to God. But then later in the scripture in Zechariah, you see he does the same thing to Joshua. So in other words, he whoever he's with, he's slandering the other person. and he's slandering Job. And you know what he says to him? This is the thing that I I found most important about this part is that his his worship it's cheap. Look how he cheapens the praise of Job. Look what he says to him. Well, you put an edge around the man. You've given him wealth. He's got wealth. He's got kids. He's got family. He's got a home. He's got sheep. He's got cattle. He's got everything he needs. Well, why wouldn't he worship you? You bought him. You You bought him out. Of course he worshiped you. Everything's easy. You back off of him. Let me have him. He'll curse you to your face. See what he says? In other words, if you wasn't protecting this man and giving him money all the time and helping him, well, I tell you what, he wouldn't he wouldn't worship you, God. He wouldn't worship you none because you're not worthy of worship. You got to buy your worship. You see what he did? He cheapened. He cheapened the worship that was being given. Listen, let me say this. Amen. I'll tell you this. First of all, Satan knew Job. And second of all, he now slanders Job's worship to God as if it wasn't coming from his heart. It was coming from the things that had been given to him. But God told him, he said, "I tell you what you do. You put forth your hand now and touch him, but don't take his life." Now, what's that tell you? It tells you the devil's on a short leash. It tells you he can't do everything he thinks he can do to you. That's right. He can't touch you the way he told you he could. He can only do what God allows. And if God allows it, let me say this, he's already prepared you for it. When when and and I I wish we had time. I'd almost like to have messengers come run up here and start telling me. If you read Job the 2 chapter, messengers start coming into his house immediately. and you you lost all your goods, you've lost your house, you've lost your wealth, and the last one comes in, you've lost all your children. And when they start piling all of this on this man, amen, the devil set with all of his angels, his braggs already come. You let me touch him and he'll curse you. He only worships you because of what he has. And the Bible said in Job chapter 1, then Job arose and rent his metal and shaved his head and he fell down to ground and worshiped God. But he's standing there with nothing at all. He has got nothing. He's got no land. He's got no wealth. He's got no children. He's got no farms. He's got no cattle. He has nothing. And he just lays down and starts worshiping God. He's not worshiping God because of what he has. He's not worshiping God because of cattle, because of land, because of children, because of wealth. He's worshiping God because he knows who he is. And any man here this morning, amen, that really knows God, you don't have to buy their worship. You don't have to sit here this morning, amen, and pump and prime and try to get somebody to worship God. I tell you what, this bride worships God because she knows who he is. She don't worship God just under emotional inspiration. She worships God. Amen. At the death of her children. I've seen this bride church right here. I've seen them in despair and see them with her hands lifted up as they begin to worship God because their worship ain't cheap. It ain't something that you can make fun of or just set aside. Their worship ain't cheap. Their worship is for God. I'll tell you what she'll do. She'll worship in troubled times. She'll worship in problems. She'll worship in the middle of her trials. I'll tell you why she's worshiping. Not because of what she has, but because of who he is. I sat there and read this yesterday and I started thinking about who the God is that I serve. I tell you what. Amen. How could you think about the one that could create the heavens and the earth and not worship him? You're talking about a God who could just span his hand out like that and worlds come into creation. He could look up like that and one one spray of his hands and stars begin to come off of him, he could turn and look and one stroke of his brilliance and every person in this room could be changed in the moment, in the twinkle of an eye. We're talking about a God who desires worship. And he don't just desire it. Brother Mackey deserves it. He deserves worship. He deserves us to worship him. He deserves us to praise him. Look at what God has done for us, not what he has gave us. Amen. I think about when I was dead and undying in my sin. Amen. He died for me when I was yet a sinner. He died for me. Amen. Listen, one of the one of the great men of old, I think it was Martin Luther himself said this. He said, "If Christ is in ain't not in heaven, I don't want to go there." Somebody told me one time said, "When you get to heaven, Jesus will just be your brother." I said, "Well, it ain't the heaven I'm going to." Jesus is the Lord of lords, and he's the king of kings. I know God made Moses a God to the people, but not a worshshiping God, but a mouthpiece to them. Do you see what it is? There was nothing that could be taken from Job that would change his worship to God. You think about this just for a moment this morning that Job without anything he worshiped God and these beautiful words come from his lips. Blessed be the Lord, the Lord that gives and the Lord that takes. Right. Blessed be the name of the Lord. William Randoms just buried his daughter. He just buried his wife. Laid him in the same tomb together. God ain't said nothing to him in days. He's been quiet, silent. And when God is silent, the enemy talks. And while he's walking along the street, the devil says to him, "All you ever done was preach the gospel, pray for the sick, and all you ever done is give your life to this God." And now your baby's dying. She's in the grave and you're got a young boy and he needs his mama and she's in the grave. And brother Brandham said, "I was listening to him." He said, 'And I formed the words in my mind, and it was about to come out of my lips to say, 'If he can't help me, then I can't serve him. He said, but before they before they come out of my lips, y he said out of my being. Out of my birth came the words, "The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh. Blessed be the name of the Lord." Can you imagine William Brandon walking down the street with his hands in his in his in the air saying, "God, I don't understand you, but I love you. I don't understand the trial, but I love you, Lord. You're a mighty God. I'm going to serve you anyhow, though the devil comes at me in every which way. I'm going I'm going to love you anyhow, Lord. I'm going to love you if I'm up. I'm going to love you if I'm down. I'm going to worship you all the time, Lord. It doesn't make any difference." Let me say something to you this morning. This bride is not a cheap woman. She cannot be bought with a few material goods. This bride can't be bought with just a good day. Amen. Or a good little blessing in her life. I tell you why she is the bride. Because she's ordained to be. She's predestinated to be. And she gave her life to this God. And here she stands this morning. And she will worship. Amen. At his bidding. And I say this with all my heart. The devil does not control my worship. [Applause] He does not tell me when it's a good time or when it's a bad time. Amen. I'll tell you what controls my worship is my God. And when he puts it in my heart, I will praise him anyhow. I will praise him in the face of my Amen. of my troubles. I will praise him in the face of every issue. Let me tell you this this morning. Sometimes that's exactly what you really need to do. You just need to praise the Lord. You need to tell that situation you're facing how good your God is. You need to say to that financial difficulty, I serve the God of Jehovah Gyra. I serve a God that owns the cattle of the thousand hills. And it it may look like, Amen, I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by the angels of God. Listen, you don't know. You can't see what really is around you this morning. This whole room is full of the angels of God. And you know what they're doing? They're charging you. They're charging you. They're saying to you, "Yes, it's right. Yes, that's God. Yes, that's true. Yes, that's the message. Yes, that's the power of God. And there's a devil over there and he's saying, "That's not right. Why is that man so excited? Why is he saying things like that? That's not right. You shouldn't believe him. You shouldn't listen to him. He's going to lead you this way. He's going to say this to you." But you know what? There's a battle going on. And it's up to you. Amen. Who's going to win that battle? And if you would let your faith begin to lean with the energizing faith of those angels that are in this building right now, you would find an explosion in your life that the devil could not handle. Can you imagine this morning the power of God flowing through this building? There's not a there's not a devil in hell's got a right to tell you you can't praise God. Not a devil in hell got a right to tell you you hold your worship. He's God. He's God. If our musicians could come this morning. I got more I got more sermon. They got time. So, brother Wayne, what am I going to do? Hold it now. Hold Hold the line. Hold the line. It's an unseen world going on right now. Unseen battle happening right now. You say, "What do I do?" Hold the line. So, how do I hold the line? Hold your testimony. Hold fast. Now, got a lot laying here on this point, but I I'll just make it real real short to you. You're a twofold being and part of you is associated with angels. And the angels of God are encamped into the building. That's it's that's prophetic, but it's real. And while they're camped into that building, listen now. How many remember the day you received salvation in your life? You remember that day? Yes, sir. You didn't get one physical evidence you was saved. You had the same hair, the same eyes, the same body, the same clothes, but something happened. And it happened in the unseen realm, didn't it? But then in the natural realm, you begin to testify, this has happened. Brother Bram said, "It's the same way with healing. You may not have one physical thing in your body this morning that says you're any better than you was when you walked in this building, but something has happened in you. And something inside of you has be to say, you know what? I'm healed. There was a healing just struck my body. Maybe not nothing physical, but you got a testimony to leave here for. You remember when that night left you? Brother Daryl put his hand on you and prayed for you. She carries pictures around. If you ain't never heard this testimony, you need to get with her and hear the testimony. She had a huge knot right behind her ear. And brother Daryl Ward prayed for her. How many weeks was it? We a couple. Four days. In four days. [Music] It didn't drop off at the platform. It could. Right. Amen. It didn't. But the life died that very moment. Was in the supernatural realm. Oh, God. Do you see right now in the supernatural realm, there's a battle. And there's an enemy saying the word is true. A word ain't true. And there's God saying the word is true. And then inside you right now, you've got to make up your mind which side you're on. And when you get that, when you get that that you believe God, then you hold your testimony. Well, brother Wayne, I started believing 20 years ago. Well, Abraham was 25. And I know this morning there is something in the supernatural realm. Satan has told the Lord, "Oh, she's cheap. Oh, he only worships you because you gave him that big greenhouse and got all that family around him. You know, folks, we talk about Ed Dalton. We talk about Hattie, right? Well, you know, you got one of them sitting right among you. Brother Aiden sitting right there. God's giving him his whole family. I don't know if you ever noticed that or not. the whole family. But when God done it, it was so humble, he probably didn't even recognize it himself. [Music] And one day we were talking and I said, "Well, you're a lot like and he seen it hit his eyes." But God had done it so humble, but it was done. Brother David, God's did that for you. You know, I remember that I was sitting there one day preaching the gospel and I was thinking about how he right and I was preaching right away, brother Seth. You know how it goes. I was preaching like I was this morning. I was preaching and there was something coming right back into me. He said, "Because thou hast believed, I give you yours." That wasn't another man standing on that platform, but there was somebody up there talking to me. Look at what the Lord's done. Look, look at Brother Ericson. Look what the Lord has done. [Music] But I'm going to tell you something you could do. You could take everything that man has and he'd worship God in the morning. And you know what? You look at a at a at an elder and you look at somebody and you say that about them. But let me tell you, if you could look in the unseen world, God has spoke to the devil about you. And he said, "They're a spotless bride." What a powerful thing this morning. So, what's all the battle about, Brother Wayne? Take a peek in heaven and you'll see God's using you to prove to the devil that you're not like that Eve. Do you love him this morning? Won't you stand to your feet today? You are not a God ced by human hands. You are not a God dependent on any mortal man. You are not a God in need of anything we can give by your plan. That's just the way it is. For you are God [Music] alone from before time began. You were on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times a bad you are on your throne. You are God alone. [Music]
