################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2017-05-13 - 00089 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2017-05-13
Title:   00089
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:    Short Clip
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcGyF35K-pw
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
You have to do this all the time. So I'd rather heard you. It's good to be home each and every one of you. And I just love the Lord and all of you. I'm just so blessed. I, you know, just sitting there and looking upon each one of you and the rising up and everything. And I'm just sitting back there because I know the background of a lot of people here and the trials and things they've been through and just see the Holy Ghost rising up to it's just wonderful as Pastor Simon always said something big something big and we'll do something even much bigger and I'm just so blessed to be a part of it part of [Applause] She wanted me to lose the chain off her foot so she could go back down. Um, it's it's such a blessing. It's such a blessing to be back just to see all your faces and just having a wonderful time in the presence of the Lord and just the fellowship we've had with so many saints last day and a half or something like that. Just love you all. you're always in our hearts and um just keep praying for us. There's a little work going on in Connecticut and it's only a little for a little time because God is moving. Amen. When he moves, we want to move with him. Just like to say just what's on our hearts. Um you can see a manifestation of the word in our lives. The expectation of eternity. I always find myself looking more for here. I know Pastor Simon always talk about emptying out here, emptying out having nothing that attaches you to this world. and my thoughts and my desires are for my heavenly home more about that. I don't want anything here because this is temporal. Just thinking about him and meditating on him and seeing every day in our lives moving in the Holy Ghost and you know and I don't have to tell anybody. There's certain things God wants to tell us to tell others but it's worship between Amen. and just growing by his grace and his confidence in the word that he's placed for me and keep on keep on being a light in this area and God bless you. Support the ministry to hold up servant of God's God bless you. [Applause] Want to thank God for them. Just give a greetings to Ruth and Josh and the rest of them. Of course, you know, brother Tom and sister Sharon worship with brother Gibs that was here. How many remember brother Gibbs like praise the Lord? Take the greetings back to our dear precious brethren. We pray that God will continue to help and strengthen him in every way. Praise the Lord. Uh is that Sister Esther? Yeah. Praise the Lord, sister. I thought it was one of the daughters, but [Applause] praise God. It changes a woman when they hear all everything else makes a big difference. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So happy to be in the house of the Lord. Good to see you, sister. Amen. All of you here in the house of the Lord on Easter morning. Praise God. We are going to read our scripture um of 1 Corinthians 15:12-23. And we're going to read that with joy in our hearts. Let me see. Bless you. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. We're talking about the resurrection. First Corinthians. Now, if Christ be preached that he rose from the dead, also say some of you among you that there is no resurrection from the of the dead. But if there be no resurrection of the dead, then Christ is not risen. Is Christ not risen? And if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching and our faith also is also vain. Yay. And we have found false witnesses of God because we have testified of God that he raised up Christ from raised up Christ whom he raised he raised not of. If so be that the dead rise not. If the dead rise not, then is not Christ raised. But if Christ be not raised, your faith is in disadvant. You are yet in your sins. Then they also which are fallen asleep in Christ are perished. If in this life only we have hope in Christ, we are of all men most miserable. But now is Christ risen from the dead and become the first fruits of them. For since by faith came death, by man came death, by man came also the resurrection of the dead. As in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive, but every man in his own order. Christ the first fruits afterward they that are Christ at his coming. Praise the Lord. May the Lord bless uh the word to our hearts and lives today. Father, we thank you for the reading of the word out of the holy book and we ask your blessing upon it now. We pray you'll quicken our hearts to receive the word on this Easter day in Jesus name. Amen. Please be seated. Now there was a great writer many years ago uh and his name was Ernest F and uh he made the remark history is just news from the graveyard. History is just news from the graveyard. it. But it never occurred to him uh that he was giving a remarkable description of Easter and what the break Easter really is. He was totally unconscious of what he was saying. But this is what Easter is all about. It's right there. Good news from the graveyard. Generally, you don't have good news coming out of a graveyard. Usually, it's grief. It's sorrow. It's death. It's crying. is weeping and as people with heartbreak and everything but this is Christianity genuine Christianity actually we are a people that have gotten good news from the graveyard. Amen. Now, I went to Israel and I went to the uh the property of Joseph of Arythea and saw the grave that was carved is still carved out in the mountain side and the crack that was there. They they concreted it up and put a few blocks or whatever there because the rocks broke on Easter morning when the angel descended and the earth shook and Christ came forth. And so, brother, when you go, there is an empty tomb that's there in Joseph of Aramia, vineyard. Amen. So, when you go there, imagine you go to a graveyard to talk about good news. Amen. It's not normal that somebody would go to a graveyard to talk about good news. But here I am to tell you good news from the graveyard. Amen. Praise God forever more. Hallelujah. Amen. It's news. Amen. Because the graveyard is a place of defeat, a place of death. It's a symbol of the departed. Amen. But praise God, we have glorious news. This Easter that we have is not an argument. Amen. It's an announcement. Amen. And I'm announcing to you, he's risen from the dead. He's alive for the praise God. Death could not hold him, but he rose up from the dead. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. We are not here just to talk about it as a saying. It's a shout of victory. I said resurrection. It's a shout of victory. I am the resurrection and the life. He that liveth and believeth on me, though he were dead, yet shall he also live. This is what Easter is all about. And I'm here to bring you the very good news. Amen. Yes, sir. You know, we have heard that on Good Friday and on Good Friday, I preach like that that Calvary and the crucifixion is the foundation of our Christian faith. But then I come on Sunday morning and many preachers do and they preach the resurrection and we turn around and again we say the resurrection is the foundation of the Christian faith. But which is it? Is it the crucifixion or the resurrection? But I'm here to you here to tell you today that both have their places and neither has its own value without being joined to the other one. Because if there was no crucifixion, there could be no resurrection. So they had to go together. And that's the same way even in our lives, unless we get some persecution, we're not going to have any victory. Amen. Unless you have a test, you won't have a testimony. So he had to have crucifixion before resurrection. Praise God. And that's what we are here to celebrate this morning. And it's indispensable to the Christian faith that Jesus rose from the dead. Are you happy this morning? Are you happy this morning that he rose from the dead? Amen. Praise God. I'm so happy that he rose from the dead forever more. Good news from him from the graveyard. He is not here, but he's risen from the dead. He is not in the grave. He's not in the tomb, but he's alive forever more. Praise God. Now, first Corinthians is a resurrection chapter of the New Testament. And Paul asked a question as he begins it and said, "If Christ be not risen," I want you to contemplate just on that that scripture. If Christ was not risen, if the Lord Jesus did not raise from the dead, that means Satan won. That means that uh that God was defeated. And that means brother and sister that uh that there is a place where people have to recognize that then the gospel is not true. If Christ is not risen then what he said about himself is not true. Then his testimony would be right. If the Lord Jesus was not risen then the church or the churches in the world is nothing but a big fraud. Right? That's what it would be if he's not risen. And if he is not risen, we are all participating in a grand scheme of some delusion. Is that right? We'd all be in a state of delusion. And if Christ did not risen, then those whom we believe are now uh in living in paradise or in heaven, praise God, then uh then it's not so. We're deluding ourselves. And if the Lord Jesus was not risen, the questions all human beings have, what is death? Is there life left to death? Do I just die and poof, I disappear? I leap in the dark and I'm no more. None of these questions would be answered. Job had the same question and he wanted it to be answered. Amen. And all of a sudden, the great revelation came to Job. He saw right on down to the rapture and said, "I know that my redeemer liveth and that he will stand upon the earth in the latter day." Amen. I know and know he says in my flesh I will see God. Amen. Why? He brought the revelation that the resurrection was real. Praise God. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. If Christ be like this, and there is nothing more than this life. And Paul said, then we might as well eat drink and be merry like everybody else and enjoy ourselves because there is nothing else. Is that right? That's all we should do. And then life will become very meaningless and purposeless. And then we would all uh uh this morning they headed to the sea and then how a a giraffe gave birth in the zoo, right? But uh we should laugh at that because without if Christ be not rising around and our lives got no purpose, right? No purpose whatsoever. And we and then this being is just observing us while we running around in this zoo around the world. Right? That's all this would be, right? We all be like that. But praise God forever more. I'm glad that Paul didn't go negative completely. But he said if Christ be not risen. But he said, "But now Christ is risen indeed." I believe now he is risen. That's good news from the great God. I'm glad that I have good news like that to tell you here brother and sister. What a joyful shout that is to say that we are bringing to you good news that you don't have to remain the way you are but you can rise above every dirt that the devil calls you and cover up your life and shame you and slice you or whatever. You can walk out free. That's good news. He is not here. That's good news. Amen. They're trying to cover him up with the stones of doubt. They're trying to cover him up with stones of scornship and theology. They're trying to cover him up with stones of cre and darkness. Praise God. But he has brought the storm away. He has taken the scales from our eyes. And we can say he is not here. But he's missing. [Applause] Hallelujah. That's like a blast of the trumpet. Praise God. He is not here, but he is risen. Brother Bill, he's risen from the dead. Glory to God. Amen. Get that last there if you have that trumpet, brother. Praise God. [Applause] [Music] That's how they did it in Israel. It was a ram's horn like that. And they gave a trumpet blast. Amen. To call the army together to cause the war and to have the victory. And when they got the victory, they gave a blast again for everybody to know we won. We won. [Applause] [Applause] Good news from the graveyard. Hallelujah. Amen. Good news that the foundations of hell is shaken tonight. Glory to God. Did the Bible say he descended into hell? Well, what do you think happened? Satan begin to tremble. He thought he had complete control. Brother Brandon dramatizing how the Lord Jesus descended into hell. Amen. And just grabbed the keys from the warden of hell off that Satan had on his waist. He just grab rip him off. Amen. Hallelujah. And he says, "Now I have the keys of hallelujah." Amen. Brother, the prophet Christ, he went to the cells with the keys. Amen. Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait a minute. Uh, you you're the one that I saw under the the the tree there that I got sharing the fish. Praise God. Your name is here. Praise God. And I saw you again. You came back. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. [Applause] Then he got down. Ezekiel said, "Wait, wait. That's the wheel in the middle of the wheel. It's a wheel in the middle of the wheel. And Daniel shout, he said, "I support the fourth man in the fire. Hallelujah. When you're going through your trials, hallelujah, the trials of the cup will make you strong because after the trials you saw Jesus, he's your father. He was your savior. Father, he was a redeemer, wonderful counselor, mighty God, everlasting father. You saw him. Good news from the great God. He is not dead, but he's risen from the grave. Hallelujah. He's risen. Amen. Praise God. I want you to know, friends, that the sun is up. [Music] We don't have to live in darkness anymore, but we can walk in the light. Oh, praise God. Aren't you glad the sun is up? Listen to the prophet of God in the juke of the year. He said, "Now, as soon as that trumpet sounded on that morning, they could throw their hoes down and said, I ain't going no more." And the taskmaster, whoever he was, was forbidden to touch them anymore. Cause from that moment they were free. The moment they heard that good news, their jubilee was on. Have you heard the good news? I said, have you heard the good news that the jubilee is on? They were free. And who the son of man set free is free indeed. [Applause] Hallelujah. Their atonement was made and all the slaves could go free. Don't you know that's what it is? God sent Christ to open up the prison doors of men who were sitting in darkness. There he was sitting in darkness, but the sun is up. Praise God. And you are here to go free by the grace of God. He said, say for instance, you were sentenced to death and you were sitting in a prison. And let me tell you, this world is a prison. I think it's ready to be getting ready now for jail break. Is that right? Because here we are. We've been living whether you were living 10 years, 20 years, 15 years, 20 years or 70 years or 100 years, you were just doing time. Is that right? That's what we're doing right now. We're doing time, right? We're doing time. But praise God, he promised that as long as you will receive him within your heart, there's going to be a jailbreak. But here I am. So we going to break out of this and break into the eternal. Hallelujah. Praise be to God. Amen. Yes, sir. How wonderful to know. Oh yes, sir. You were sitting in a prison knowing that the sunrise will will come up tomorrow, but you had to die. See, and there were many people sitting right here this morning. Some sitting with cancer in their bodies, some with a tumor. While I'm talking, you think about it because there's so many people being delivered and healed that they got an illness and as soon as they turn around the tape or the CD, brother speaking about the same thing and said you lady witness so and so he's he's already gone but guess he's discerning and speak the Holy Spirit is speaking the word and said that thing leaves you now in Jesus name you're healed and the people would be delivered and healed all over the world by the grace of So while I'm just telling you what he was saying, he's saying if it applies to you, if you can believe the gospel, you could be set free and have a Easter morning out of the darkness. Praise the Lord. Yes, sir. He said people sitting here with tumors, with blindness, all kinds of conditions. Yet God sent Christ to open their prison doors and to set them free. Amen. You say, "Is sickness a bondage?" Yes, it is. The woman was scooped over and Amen. But he healed her. Oh, not this daughter of Abraham be loosed or set free from this bondage that she had in Satan. So Christ our grand redeemer has come to set men and women free from sin, free from sickness. For he was wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquities, and by his stripes we are healed. [Applause] Say it again. I'm here. I am whole. I am whole. From the top of my head to the tip of my toe. Receive it. [Applause] In the name of Jesus Christ. Glory to God. Hallelujah. He said that's good news. That's the gospel. That is the gospel that Christ died in the sinner's place. That he took your place of Calvary. He took the sick man's place. Christ took the sinner's place. He took the worried man's place. If you're worried this morning, Christ take the maniac's place. Hallelujah. Last night I attended a service where a preacher now his son was out in the world and he prayed for him and the boy who come back and come to the house of God and brother Danko was speaking how he just preached there and came back and how he spoke to the young man and said you know you're here in your daddy's church you think you you should play that guitar that you normally play out there in the church become a part of the body of Christ or whatever just play it and give let God have glory in your life. Amen. And the boy says, "Yeah." And he agreed to do it and he started to um play it a little bit. Just a couple of days. Brother Dang came back and they texted him the other day. All of a sudden, the boy came to church to go to play and something fell on him and he went insane instant. Nothing but the devil. Amen. trying to block his soul from coming fully and giving over completely to Christ. Some of you today, the devil comes upon you like that trying to block you. Amen. It's nothing about you, but it's the devil trying to keep you from the blood of Jesus Christ. It's nothing but Satan. Amen. But we take your rebellion spirit that is the death of oppressor and oppressive under our control. The glory of God and the church of the living God. who are free of treat [Applause] forever more. He took your place and free from every affliction, every sin that the devil puts upon us in the prison house. Christ comes upon us freely so that everyone could go free. Praise God. Forever more. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes, sir. Now, in them days, brother Bren said, they were slaves. And when they were in bondage, you know, to free, you see here, Abraham Lincoln died to free the colored man, to give him rights not to be a slave any longer. You know that from history, right? Amen. And they were and they were to be free on the sunrise of the next day. They were so happy about it knowing that they were going to be free as the sun as soon as that sun came up. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Some of them healthier and more physically fit than others climbed way up on the mountaintop. Amen. Some could not go all the way up. Some will go halfway, some part way, some way down. He's talking about what I'm telling you right in the church. There is levels of how growth in the church cuz you some people believe when they come to a church, everybody should be dressed in the, you know, the way that one should really dress appropriately, right? And dress modestly in the house of the living God. But uh as you know that's that's not the standard that we're going to have a uniform where everybody is like that. But the whole church is always in a stage of growth. There's young ones coming in. There's others at another level, other ones and other ones at the top. And this is what he's talking about here. He said there ones that were physically strong, spiritually strong and healthy. They climbed all the way to the top of the mountain. Others, you know, halfway up, others a little lower down, others down, and some in the valley of confusion still. Amen. See, there they were down in the valley of confusion, but they raised up. And soon as they could see that sun rising, they began to scream to the top of their voices to the ones below. that the ones belong could not see the sunrise yet, but they believe the ones that are saying [Applause] I have to be a part of this and you may not be able to see all that I'm seeing revelation wise, but at least if you can believe all things. [Applause] Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, they screamed, "We are free." Praise God. And those that were on the hill could see the sun coming up. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. The blessing said there was no news like that good news that the sun was up. S and that he was risen from the dead. There is no praise. Good news from the great God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. I'm so thankful that the Lord Jesus Christ rose up from the dead and he's alive forever more. Now is Christ risen now. Not yesterday back there 1900 years ago, but he's raised up now. Praise God. He who they tried to have tomb within the word is now been set free by the breaking of the seven seals. Amen. Hallelujah. I remember as a boy going to St. Calamishas RC and they had a great big Bible about this size thick like that on the on the uh what do you call a platform restaurant whatever and it had a padlock on the key. Nobody was allowed to read from it but the priest who was holy enough to read from it and only he could do it. And when he opened that book, it's like a fear because nobody knows what's going to come out of the book reading about the candlesticks of Revelation and and the beasts and all these things like that. A fear came upon people. They didn't want to touch the Bible. But that was a scheme of the devil not to let the people read their Bible and know what God really said. So that they can tell the people everything that they want them to believe. Amen. But thank God we've been set free. Yeah. Arise and be open. Those of us who were Catholics, arise and be open. We recognize the truth of the word for the hour. That Mary is not our savior. But Jesus is our savior. Praise God. Mary raised from the death. Christ rose from the dead. Mary was not crucified on the cross. Christ was crucified on the cross. Amen. He took my place at Calvary. There is no pity, but there is one mediator between God and man. And his name is the Lord Jesus Christ. There is no other name given under heaven whereby we must be saved but the name of the Lord. Amen. If he isn't the risen then we're rich and vain and we trusting in a dead savior like the other religions trusting in a dead m or a dead Buddha rat rama or a dead sweetenber whatever their name su confucious you know whatever the names are they believe in men that are dead burying their tomb their bones are separate to those people. Amen. But we have no sacred throne of Jesus. Amen. Because he's not here. He's risen. [Applause] See, he's already gone. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes, sir. So, we know that the resurrection answers all the questions that now we have victory over death. We have victory over the grave. Hallelujah. And that's what Job had a revelation of. He knew it. He said even though the skin worms, they're destroying this body. Yet in my flesh, I can see God. Amen. Because he knew that he had another body coming and he was going right to that body. So he was still going to see God in his flesh. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. John 5:28-29, the hour is coming in which all who are in the grace will hear his voice and will come forth. Amen. No matter where we are, we will hear his voice and come forth. You know, death has been a monster. A a fearful thing to the human race. Even today if people hear the word the doctor tell them anything like cancer they already feel they got a death sentence and fear begins to hit them. I I I read a book where where they were giving a this they were writing about how uh the plague went through France and Europe and killed so many millions of people. And someone asked the plague why why are you so wicked? Why did you kill so many millions? He said it was not me. for spare. They died before he even got there. All right. You see, and a lot of people came to fear and it kills them. Because the thing that you fear will come upon you, says the scripture. That's right. Whatever you scared of will come upon you. You bring it up on yourself by your own fear. Right. Amen. But he says God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and love of our self mind. Amen. So we are not to be a fearful people but we are to be a rejoicing people. Amen. Believe in the word of the living God. Hallelujah. Amen. Christ is risen because he he took the sting of death or death. Where is thy sting? Oh pray where is thy victory? Praise God. Hallelujah. Now is Christ risen. Hallelujah. Therefore we are not to be resurrected. Right. Amen. And it's a shameful thing when you see Christians miserable, crotchety, worrying, all this type of grumpy and I like to use the word some look like Mr. Grim or Mrs. Grim. You know, we are not grim grumpy people. We supposed to have joy and speed. Hallelujah. And I don't know person that's joyful that can swallow the joy and compress it within them. It's going to burst out sometime. You're going to have to laugh. You're going to have to rejoice. You're going to have to do something to express that joy because the joy of God in you is like a volcanic myself. That's like some Christians, you know, they hold out God. But we are here to realize that we're in the middle of a genuine Easter and that he is not here but he's risen from the dead. Praise God. Good news from the graveyard. That he's risen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Now we have the best friend. Our best friend is the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. There's not another friend like Jesus. I'm so glad. Hallelujah. Amen. And because he is risen from the dead, not President Trump, but we have the highest position, Amen, in the world. For those who come to Christ, he said, I'll make them into kings and priests unto God. I'm a child of kings. Is that right? You're a child of royalty and even the angels in me. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Because we are children of the most high God. Aren't you happy today? Aren't you happy today? Praise God. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord God. Wonderful. We are so powerful that we are going to reign with Christ for a thousand years. Amen. and Satan will be able to do nothing about it because he's been bound in the bottomless pit and you're held there while we are ruling and reigning with the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. So get ready to reign if you're not reigning now because I'm reigning now in this life. I'm reigning right now. Amen. I have power and authority over the devil. I have power over sickness, over brothers. Whatever it is, I walk in confidence. I walk in faith. I walk in expectation of living in a state of endless. Praise God. Hallelujah. I walk in a state of victory. Amen. I'm certain of God. Confident in God. It's only when you get to that place that you're so confident that the universe begins to bring everything to unfold right around you without you having to do anything else because God is working things out. Do you believe that? Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Every one of us can live in that state. We're like, "Oh, this is a shortage here, shortage there, and lack this." There is no lack of God. Don't lack nothing. God is not short anything. Oh, praise God. you don't have. He says all because you do not carry everything to God is great. That's the only reason why we don't talk to God enough to call him up and tell him what you want. Only believe, only trust him. Praise God. I'm so glad he has opened the way for this to happen. And now we live in a great time when we are hearing the good news that Jesus Christ is risen from the dead. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Now we know on the first Easter morning that it was a woman that received the message. Praise the Lord. God bless you, sisters. Brothers, let's give them a hand. [Applause] Praise God. It was Mary and Magdalene and the other Mary came to the empty tomb of Jesus and they were greeted by a shining angel and the angel told them the good news from the graveyard. He told them he is not here. He is risen. Come and see the place where the Lord lay. Well, he used to lay in justification. Luton. He used to lay in sanctification of Wesley. He used to lay in uh speaking in Pentecost. But he's not here. He's risen back today. He's going to the soul ministry now. He's going into the son of man ministry now making himself known to the people. Risen up from the dead and alive forever more. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Praise the Lord. All my heart. Amen. Amen. And when they went a little further, yes, he said, "Come and see the place where the Lord lay." And then later on, he says, you know, Jesus met them and says, "Go quickly and tell my disciples." I want you to see here there are four words, and I'm winding this up now. Four little words here. Come, see, go, and tell. Is that right? Yep. The first two are linked together. Come and see. And the next two are linked together. Go and tell. Praise the Lord. The first time to come and see. Hallelujah. And be genuinely born again. Baptized with water in the right name in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. So you come and you see. You come first and come to church and you keep coming to church until revelation breaks. Until you can see and your blinded eyes are open by the spirit reveals to you the word of God for the eyes. Amen. Amen. And you can begin to sing and rejoice in your heart. I can see clearly now the rain is gone. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham said it is the rising of the sun. All the clouds to boom and doubt. He says, "But the sun rose up, they vanished away and you can see clearly now." Amen. We can see clearly now because the rain is gone, the dust is gone, the fear is gone, the clouds are gone. Our eyes have been open and we recognize our day and the message for our day. Amen. We recognize the unveiling of the mighty God. Hallelujah. First come and see and then go and tell. You got to come, see, and then what? The word that you see is going to stir you into action. Amen. If you're here this morning and you are a genuine believer, get into action. Amen. You've got to tell somebody. You How could they hold their peace when we know that the man was dead, rose up from the grave, and you don't want to tell that story? You need to tell the story. Hallelujah. He rose up from the grave. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Tell his brothers everywhere. I'm not ashamed of him. It's our duty to run with the message. Says when your day he said your cannons not lift. He says you run with the message. Don't wait to get some education. Just run with what you have. And God is going to help. Hallelujah. Thank you. I got a little poem. Oh Christian brothers shout and sing. Death has lost its ancient state quickly. Now the tiding spread. Let us spread it. Christ is risen from the dead. Would you spread that news? Would you spell spread that good news? Christ is risen from the dead. And now we have good news and we got good news in the graveyard. 1 Corinthians 15:28. Therefore, my beloved brethren, be you steadfast, unmovable, always abounding in the work of God. For as much as you know that your labor is not in vain in the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh my. How wonderful. Now watch. He says Christ came to set the captives free. If you are sitting in there in a prison and dead sentence is on you and the first thing they're fixing to take you out next morning to hang you or to execute you, but then you heard somebody say coming down the street, hold him. Don't execute him, I've got the part. I've got the part. Amen. Praise God. How would your heart feel in prison? Somebody's got the part. Now you don't have to wait. He says now you don't have to wait until that time when you are taken out of that prison rapture. Then you don't have to wait till the rapture to think that's when you'll be healed, saved, delivered. Amen. You are justice free right then when you work that good news. Amen. Until the time when they take you out of there. That man should be happy setting him in that prison as he would be out of the prison as long as he know that his bond is signed. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. And deliver. Hallelujah. [Applause] It's been delivered onto me that I was once delivered onto the saints. I have received and praise God forever more. Hallelujah. Amen. And I'm free to every man here with a hungry heart this morning. Come out of your prison cells this morning, says the prophet of God, for the good news of the gospel is preached. And don't matter if you're still sitting there and still feeling sick. If you are still sitting there bound, you can be just as free because the good news has come to you. That's right. Amen. Amen. You are part of Christ rose from 1900 years ago today. Amen. To set every prisoner free. Open the prison doors and let them come out. Oh, what a marvelous thing. No wonder the poet said living me. Daddy saved me. Bury me with my sins far away. Freely he justified. Oh, he's coming again. Oh, glorious name. Hallelujah. Aren't you happy this morning? The gospel is good news for the very word gospel means good news. He has already come and that is good news for us today. Amen. He descended on Mount Sunset. Amen. With a shout, with a voice, with a trumpet and he has already come and is here among us. Praise God. Trilling our hearts, blessing us, giving us his own uh God being his own interpreter of his own word, opening up the word of our hearts. Amen. Praise God forever more. I'm I'm sorry you couldn't be there last night in last service because you heard I heard a real uh anointed uh Holy Ghost teacher. Amen. Brother Shem Alli bringing the word of God. Word on top of word. lay the word out so that everybody could understand and see what God is doing in this hour. It's wonderful when you see a gift of God operating under divine inspiration by Holy Ghost communication. Amen. And bringing the word of God to the people and I rejoice to hear the word of God uh last night. Praise God. So the very message of the gospel is to prove to the people that he's risen from the dead and said go tell my disciples I'm risen from the dead and I will meet with them to confirm this to them. Oh God how this is again in the last day that there will be a light shine across the earth and it will prove to my disciples. Go tell them I am not dead. I am not a tradition, but I am a living Christ today and I will meet them. Take this message to my disciples that I'm risen from the dead and the gospel is still good news from the graveyard. Praise God forever more. Aren't you happy this morning? And he's going to meet us. He's going to meet you in the rapture. I'll meet you in the rapture once again once he praise God. I'm so happy this morning that I've received the good news. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I pray our gracious heavenly father. While the musicians are coming, we pray and ask your blessing upon the people on this Easter day. For they have gathered of their own accord. Father, regardless of their condition, regardless of the state of their heart, I pray you'll help them. Help us everyone. Forgive us of our mistakes. Father, for we all are are subject to mistakes. We're all subject, Father, to sin. We're all subject to doing wrong things. Not because we want to, but we we are tricked, fathers, by your ancient enemy many times into doing things we don't want to do. And then uh we are found guilty because of what we have
