################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-25 - Total Separation - Minister Desmond Opoku - Desmond Opoku.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-25
Title:    Total Separation - Minister Desmond Opoku
Speaker:  Desmond Opoku
Church:   Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 41m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaNPd2zzqqg
========================================

Description:
Minister Desmond Opoku 
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] really good time. Now is your time to Christ has come down. Oh, Christ has come down. [Music] He is the capstone Christ has come down revealing in his own brightest people the way to be ready for he has made mystery is known. Oh, [Music] he is the capstone. Can you put the words up for me? Morning of man people today. So hard to see. and the ending of time. He's come back again to capture his mind. Now is the time to [Music] [Applause] [Music] He has not come. [Music] He revealed his love. His mind is prepared a way to be ready to he mysteries. come a verse. He is the gospel. Christ the borders of heaven is today's look to see where the ending of [Music] we must see the lamb and the fullness there abide in faith and compassion of love until we go home. We must dwell on the things from above. Christ has come. His brightest keep awaits me. His name is mystery. Christ has come down. He is the capstone. Oh, God came down in the form of a man to get all his people back to redeem us from sin. I was done by giving it into Satan's attack. Now he's come back again to cap off his pride, a necessity, perfect love. Now is the time and later come back again with him abide. Christ has come down. He is the capsule. He has come down in revealing his own. His bride is prepared a way to be ready to he mysteries. [Music] Jesus come down. He is the capstone. Do you believe that tonight? Amen. He didn't just stay up in his portals of heaven, but he came down. Amen. Experience all the things that we will go through on this earth. He knows he he experienced all of it and he's here with us. Amen. How many is thankful tonight because of that? Amen. Give me E flat. We have come into his house to magnify his name and worship him. We have come into his house to magnify his name and worship him. We are coming into his house to magnify his name and worship God the Lord. Oh, worship him Christ. Let's forget about ourselves. Oh, so forget about yourself, concentrate on him and worship him. So forget about yourself and concentrate on him and worship him. Oh, forget about yourself. Concentrate on him and worship Christ the Lord. Oh, we will worship him. Christ, lift up holy hands. Oh, let's lift up holy hands and magnify his name and worship him. Let us lift our holy hands and magnify his name and worship him. Let us lift up holy hands. Magnify his name and worship Christ the Lord. We will worship him Christ. Let us lift up holy hands. Oh, let us lift the holy up. Magnify his name and worship him. All lift up holy hands, magnify his name and worship him. Let us let holy hands magnify his name and worship Christ our Lord. We will worship him Christ. Hallelujah. Let's bow our hearts before the Lord. Great Jehovah. Lord, as the song said, you came down in a form of man to get your people back. Oh God. Lord, when we think about that, Lord, how blessed we are, Lord. And you would come down in this filth of earth. A holy God that you are, Father, you choose to come down. Not just didn't just wait up there and say, "Come, come to me," but you said, "I'd come down and experience what you go through in everyday life." you could know when we cry out to new what we experiencing. Lord, when we think about that, we are so grateful. We are so thankful for what you've done for us, Lord Jesus. Continue to give us an understanding of what that really means, Lord. [Music] But you know, you're here again with in us, Lord. You are in us becoming your own bride, Father. We are so grateful for that, Father. As we come to hear your word tonight, Lord, may you take us set aside your brother, Lord, in a special way tonight, Lord, and speak, Lord, lip to ear, Lord, and we can hear from you, Lord. What you have to speak to us, Lord. We desiring a closer walk, Father. That's why we're here. Those that are on their way, Lord, protect them. Those that couldn't make it tonight, Lord, and it's at home and streaming tonight, Lord. May you give them something to the airwaves, Lord. name. Hear something from you, oh Lord, tonight, Lord. And those that has braved the way and came here tonight. Give them a great blessing, Lord God. It's a sacrifice, Lord, but we are so thankful that we able to come into your house with thanksgiving in our hearts, Lord. We give you thanks. We give you praise for what you've done for us. In your precious name we pray. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Know ye not. Know ye not. Ye are a temple. Knowing not, knowing not. Ye are a temple. Knowing not, knowing not. You are a temple. I am a temple of the holy. One full of praise, full of power, full of glory. Full of praise, full of power, full of glory, full of praise, full of power, full of glory. I am a temple of the Holy Ghost. Climb up seven steps unto perfection. I'm climbing up seven steps onto perfection. I'm climbing up seven steps onto affection. I am a temple of the Holy Ghost. Oh yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am the temple. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am a temple. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am a temple. I am a temple of the Holy Ghost. I'm walking seven steps unto perfection. I'm walking up seven steps unto perfection. I'm walking up seven steps unto perfection. I am a temple of the Holy Ghost. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am a temple. Oh yes, I know. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am a temple. I am a temple of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Burn, burn, Holy Spirit, burning me. set my soul on fire and filled me with the Holy Ghost and God's full desire. [Music] Make me like Christ of healing and raising the dead and give me the power that Jesus has the blood. Burn, burn. Holy Spirit, burn, burn, Holy Spirit. Burn in me. Set my soul on fire and fill me with the Holy Ghost and God's full desire. Make me like the Christ of healing and raising the dead and give me the power that Jesus had to complete. Oh, complete. Complete. Complete. We are complete. Complete. Complete. Complete. [Music] We are complete. And Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the edge side working on your side. Oh, what a change in my life. And Jesus and he's working on the Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, what a change in my Jesus on the inside. Jesus son, he is working on you. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the side, working on young. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, what a change in. Oh, what a change. Oh, what a change. [Music] How many can say that tonight? Hallelujah. What a change in my life. Amen. Give me my Lord. How many want to hear from him tonight? Speak my Lord. [Music] Speak my Lord. Speak and I'll be quick to answer thee. My Lord, speak my Lord. Speak and I'll be Lord send me. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. [Music] Speak and I'll be quick to answer. Speak my Lord. Speak my speak and I will answer. Lord, send me. Oh, speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I'll be quick to answer thee. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I will answer and save me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Are you ready for the Lord to speak? &gt;&gt; Are you really answer? Then today the Lord has something for you. Thank you Lord. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. The Bible say only believe all things are possible. &gt;&gt; The message is not all the time for you to jump and laugh. Sometime is tough and sometime is joy and sometime is counel sometime is obedience. Sometime listening. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Thank you my brethren. Praise the Lord. Are you happy this evening? &gt;&gt; You have to be happy. There's a time to be happy is right now because we are about to go home. Praise God. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; Amen. Today I have a message and I don't know if I can finish it up. It's a message that is a Lord knows. Let us pray. Father, we thank you for this evening. Father, we thank you for your word. We thank you for your answer. Father is a preparation to go home. And Father, we pray open our heart. If we get one way to add to our st Lord, it will help us. Father, we thank you for our pastor this evening. We thank you for your children this evening for making a way for us to be here to listen to your word. Father, whatever you give us, we are ready because we are the children of God. We invite you to fill this place right now for the glory of God. In the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Thank you. We're going to read our scripture from Numbers chapter 16 verse one to 33. I think when I read 33, we got to see that. I still going to read a letter further down. So I pray you that the Lord will bless you and let us open our understanding and see what the Lord has for us. Father bless your word as we are about you in Jesus name. Now Ka the son of Isa the son of Kohhat the son of Levi and Dayton and Abram the son of Elia and on the son of Iot son of Reuben took men and they rose up before Moses. with a setting of the children of Israel. 250 princes of the assemble assembly famous in the congregation, men of rea. You understand? Say famous in the congregation, men of rea. Hallelujah. And they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron, and said unto them, Ye take too much upon you, seeing all the congregation are holy. Everyone of them, and the Lord is among them. Wherefore then lift you up yourself above the congregation of the Lord. And when Moses heard this, he fell upon his face. And he spake unto Kora and unto all his company, saying, Even tomorrow the Lord will show who are his and who is holy. I will cause and will cause him to come near unto him. Even him who he had chosen will he cause to come near unto him. These two take he senses Kora and all his company and put fire therein and put incense in them before the Lord to tomorrow. And it shall be that the man who the Lord do choose he shall be holy. He take too much on you. You sons of Levi. And Moses said unto Kora, "Here I pray you, ye son of Levi, see it, see it, but a small thing unto you, that the Lord, the God of Israel, have separate you from the congregation of Israel, to bring you near to him, to do service to the tabernacle of the Lord, and to stand before the congregation, to minister unto them." And had brought thee near to him, and all thy breeding the sons of Levi with thee, and seek ye the priesthood also. For which cause both for both thou and all thy company are gathered together against the Lord? And what is Aaron that ye murmur against him? And Moses sent to call Dayan and Abraham the sons of push said we will not come up. These people are choosing themselves to rebel against God. Not Moses. Hallelujah. Is it small thing that thou has brought up brought us up out of the land that followed with milk and honey to kill us in the wilderness except thou make thyself together a prince over us? Moreover, thou has not brought us into a land that flowed with milk and honey and give us or given us inheritance or fields and vineyard. will thou put out the eyes of these men, they will not come out. And Moses was very wroth, and said unto the Lord, respect not thou their offering. I have not taken one from them, neither have I hurt one of them." And unto Kora, Be thou and all thy company before the Lord, how thou and they are, and they and Aaron tomorrow, and took every man his sensor, and put incense in them, and bring it before the Lord, every man his sensor. 250 senses, thou also in each of you has sensor. And they took every man a sensor and put fire on them and lay in there on and took in the door of the tabernacle of the congregation with Moses and Aaron. And Kora gathered all the congregation against against them into the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. And the and the glory of the glory of the Lord appear unto all the congregation. And the Lord spake unto Moses and and unto Aaron, saying, "Separate thyself from among this congregation, that I may consume them in a moment." And they fell upon their face and said, "Oh God, oh God of the spirit of all flesh, shall one man sin, and w thou be rough with all the congregation?" And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, speak unto the congregation, saying, get up from about the tabernacle of Kora and Dayton and Moses rose up and went unto day and the elders of the Israelite follow him. You may be seated. Let me read. I don't want you to stand too long. Just listen what I'm reading because today I have a strange message and it's for everybody. Hallelujah. And he spake unto the congregation saying, "Depart, I pray you from the tents of these wicked men and touch nothing of theirs, lest ye be consumed in all their sins." So they sat up from the tabernacle of Kora, Dayton and Iberam, and every sight. And Dayton and Aberam came out and stood in the door of their tent and their wives and their sons and their little children. And Moses said, "Hereby ye shall know that the Lord has sent me to do all this work, for I have not done them of my own mind." If these men die the common death of all men or if they be visited after the visitation of all men, then the Lord has not sent me. But if the Lord make a new thing, and the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up with all that pertain unto them, and they go down quick into the pit, then ye shall understand that these men have provoked the Lord. And it came to pass as he had made an end of speaking all these words that the ground crave a cender that was under them. And the earth opened her mouth and swallowed them up and their houses and all their men that are pertain unto Kora and all their goods. Hallelujah. You know, you know what is what is the those grand opening and swallow them. This is the world. If you provoke God, God will not hear you. God will not listen to you. He will leave you to the world. That time the earth open and swallowed them. But now God is not open the earth and swallow you. We are in different different dispensation. God does not change. God mean business. You attack his servant, you attack him. This is very serious. That's why I said today message is not just a light message. It's a lesson for me and you. For what God has given to us, you have to cherish and embrace it. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. They and all their batten them down went alive into the pit and has closed upon them and they perished from among the congregation and all the Israelites were around about fled to the city of them. And for this, for they said, "Lest the earth surely up also." And there came out a fire from the Lord, and consumed the 250 men that offered the incense. And the Lord spake unto Moses. Speak unto Eleazar the son of Aram the praise that he take up the sensor out of the burning and scatter thou the yonder for they are hollow the senses of the is against their own souls. Let them make them blood plates for the covering that the altar that covering of the altar for they offered them before the Lord and they shall be a sign unto the children of Israel and the praise the praise. Okay, let me let me jump here. Let's go to 41. But on the moral all the congregation of the e the children of Israel mhammed against Moses and against Aaron. You see how rebarious the children of people the pe God people are rebarious. They were standing there and God swallowed them up but they still not learned lesson. God will never forgive none of us. He killed them. They were Israel. They were part of the congregation and God never spared them. Hallelujah. He have killed the people murmured against Moses and and saying, "Ye have killed the people of the Lord." And it came to pass when the congregation was gathered against Moses against they took they looked towards to the tabernacle of the congregation. And behold, the crowd covered. You know the why the crowd covered the the tabernacle? Because the tabernacle, the Bible said in the day God led them by a crowd cuz that God was in the tabernacle and the night by the pillar of fire. And that crowd is still here. The Holy Ghost is the same pillar of fire. He never changed. God never changed. Do you believe that God never changed? &gt;&gt; So if God never change what these people did and the children of God are doing the same thing, what to happen? You think God's going to spare us? No. Hallelujah. This message today is a warning to everybody because now is a serious time. There is no joke in the in the house of the Lord and there is no joke for the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Uh congregation. Behold, the crowd cover it, and the glory of the Lord appeared. And Moses and Aaron came before the tabernacle of the congregation. And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, "Get you up from among this congregation, that I may consume them as in the moment." and they fell upon their faces. And Moses said unto Aaron, "Take the sensor and put fire therein from off the altar, and put a sensor, and go quickly into the congregation, and make atonement for them, for there is a rift gone out from the Lord." The page is begun. Hallelujah. God never spare you. If you speak against the servant of God whom God has given to you to lead you very very serious I don't know this message is is in my is burning in my heart if you believe Jesus Christ is the same yesterday today and forever listen what God is speaking I am a man I have no knowledge but I believe God and God speak through his what his gift. Hallelujah. Anybody who can stand here, do you believe that God sent that person to stand here? How many of you believe that? &gt;&gt; If you believe that, listen. Anybody who stand here, listen. That means God has something for he loves you. If God loves you, he chastise you. He warns you what is coming. Hallelujah. And Aaron took Moses and commanded commanded and ran into the midst of the congregation. And behold, the pledge was begun among the people. And he put a s put the incense and made atonement for the people. And he took between the dead and the living. And the pledge was stayed. Now they that died in the pledge was 14,000 and 700. Beside them that that died about the matter of Kora and Aaron returned to Moses unto the door of the tabernacle and the congregation and the pledge was saved. You see the work of a pastor, the work of a man whom God has designated to lead you. He always stand between God and the congregation. What he does? He protect them. Do you believe your pastor protects you? Do you really believe your pastor protects you? Do you believe that your pastor God sent your pastor to lead you? &gt;&gt; If you believe that, listen to this message tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. I just stop here. My message today is total separation. Total separation. You know David and Cola was they were congregation member. They believed they listen the same message that all of them listen from who? Moses. God give messages to Moses because God only chose Moses. &gt;&gt; God didn't p choose two people to lead his people because two people their mind. God know how he made everybody. God always choose one person to lead his people because God does not confuse. And now this modern age sometime the pastor get so much load and sometime he choose sometime a man renown man that he think when he goes out or when he's not there somebody can stand beside stand on the pulpit for him to lead the people. How did Dayton and Kora Kora warn the people's heart? They warn them by speaking to them and win their heart and he get much following. You see, you see it was not a a just a small people. Just one time it was 14,000 outside the first one he killed. That mean this these people went to all the congregation where the pastor is preaching. Some people go for fellowship. Some people go went around the pastor and minister different what the pastor is preaching to them. And the people listen because they were men that they old they look mature. They has wisdom but that wisdom was deadly. wasn't from God because God said Moses is my servant. &gt;&gt; Listen to Moses. He is my servant. I chose him to lead you. So if God give you a pastor, listen to his word &gt;&gt; so that we don't fall into this because God does not change. God love his children. But anybody who will come against his children, God will never spare you. I'm telling you this is real. Know that if you know brother Abraham message, you know the people who take people away from the congregation is the people whom the pastor love and he left behind. said if I'm not there you are the one that you took in Africa if you go there are so many churches that what because the man the pastor trusted this man and he preached the message correct fantastic meanwhile I he went through the congregation by the time the pastor knew he wound sometime It takes the people who are rich or who are renown in the church, respected in the church, he wound their heart and take them away and destroy and take them out. Let me tell you, God will never spare anybody who does that. They have to go to God and repent &gt;&gt; that God will give it to them to the today message goes to everywhere, every church, every congregation, every minister. Hallelujah. Today this message when I bring I struggle but I know God has given me there's a warning that is coming God loves you we are about to go home &gt;&gt; all what I'm telling you stay with the word &gt;&gt; and God will never leave you &gt;&gt; we have walked so far &gt;&gt; we have reached a point of no 10. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; All what we have to get together in one accord. If we get together one accord and follow the shepherd, you will see what will happen to this church. And I feel the presence of God in this church. &gt;&gt; God is leading us. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. This man, God never forgave them. God told them, "You Kora told Moses, bring all the people." And Moses said, "If God choose you, God going to prove it." And he brought all of them there. And after that, instead of them to go to Moses and apologize for what they did or if you did something and it came out instead of you to go to the pastor and make things right, the people do not do it. They think that thing going to cover, it will never cover in the eyes of God. God want you to make things right. Even all your own brother on your own sister, you do something for your own brother on your own sister. The Bible said you have to go to him and do things right. Then God will hear your prayer. You know this time why God did not hear people with prayer and God answer every prayer. If you don't do right and repented, you're going to think you're lack of something but you are blocking your own prayer. I'm just telling you live right be happy joy don't put nothing in your heart against your brother or your sister don't talk don't murmuring against your pastor or any elder if you can't go call your deacon let your deacon take the matter and talk to the pastor and pastor is there to protect You God build them like a mother who how can a mother against her own children or it will never happen. They always die for them. When we were young, when there is no food home, my mother will make make us to eat the food and if he has to eat nothing for the whole night, he will give the food for us to eat so that we he will stand there and not eat. Why? The love that he has for us, the love that God has for you, he gave you a pastor. I'm speaking this in general. In this church, I don't see anything like that. But this is what God has placed in my heart. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. God loves you. &gt;&gt; God cares for you. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? Amen. Then God does not change his word. What he did to them, he does not change. You know, God does not change his word. Hallelujah. I think today I will never finish this message because this message at the end you're going to you're going to know how much God loves you. Hallelujah. Amen. God chooses servant to lead the saints of God. Sometime people underestimate what God has given to them. You know the old days if you read the Bible sometimes a small boy small man the big people are there but they put a small boy to be their king to lead them. Why? God knows why he put them there. to lead the big people. So God know why he give the pastors to the church. God call pastors. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And you know sometime when the people the pastor trust somebody in the church and he handle everything to them to them to help them. It's not because they have bad thing but they give themsel of jealousy for Satan to come in and anoint them. Do you know when uh uh uh Ahab and uh uh one of the prophet Micaiah when God uh Jehoshaphat want to hear from God and he called Micaiah and Micaiah gave them the message from God. They refused to listen. And Makiah said because God sent false anointing from heaven to anoint your prophet to give it to you the message because they don't want to hear the prophet. They rejected what God has given to them. &gt;&gt; God does not change. God is the same yesterday, today and forever. He does not change. So God has chosen us. We are his people. Remember all the congregation of Israel, they were all God people. He said, "I chose Moses to lead my people." They were congregation. God chose them. But if you listen and stay under the ministry whom God has given to you, you are blessed. Everything that you do is going to be prosperous. &gt;&gt; God will prosper you way. If you want to be prosperous, you have to stay with the word of God and obey the elder, the pastor, especially the pastor whom God has given to you. If you, brother Abraham said, if you think he's off because the love that you have for him, God will turn him around and preach exactly what God want him to preach. Amen. &gt;&gt; Because God, you are the children of God. Let me tell you, God is real. &gt;&gt; He does not change. I see. He does not change. What he did to them is a lesson from that day up to the time when we go through the rapture. Hallelujah. Sometime to my understanding not every minister love one another. But I stay in this ministry for a long time. I know people who preach in the pulpit of brother Simon, Pastor Simon. They pastor Simon heart is free. He allowed them to minister on his on his pulpit and they still don't love him. Now what can he do? He's a a servant of God. What the minister is doing is between him and God. But that person will never go free. Any minister that break churches sometime we we quote the scripture this scripture we always quote this scripture for marriage people what God has put together let no man put it ascender &gt;&gt; because there meaning who put church together say man or god &gt;&gt; if god put build his church and he put a minister and you come and put that ascender. Don't you know they have a curse on you? You bring it. No matter what you do, you going to answer not God does not forget nothing. Sometime they do that and some of the congregation went back where the earth open and swallowed them. What the world take them? They going to go to church no more. Who calls that? That minister. Who does that? This is a dangerous and dangerous dangerous that a minister could stand and preach against the pastor who is God have placed him on the pit to lead the children. Some ministers gathered together and gang against some of the ministers. God, this church here that brother Brown brought is not a denomination. God choose a minister and he gave him the word that the people need his congregation need. Your mother know the food that he gave it to you to grown up. You don't eat the strangest food. He always she always prepare food for you. Am I lying? Your mother put you love your mother food. Roti a lot of pepper you can eat but that person can eat. That's the way it is. Lasagna. Maybe I don't like lasagna but that's why he cook for his children. He doesn't he doesn't care whether you like it or not. This is my children. This is what I feed them. Is it you are responsible to see what he's feeding for his children? No. God is is God is responding for him. When the a time came, God said, "Stand back. Separate. Separate yourself." God separated them. Before God killed them, he separated them. You stand here and you stand here. And the Bible say where they were standing standing the earth open underneath them. There's no escape. And what happened? It swallowed them all of them inside. And after that the people saw instead of them to go to God and apologize to Moses to pray for them, they went around and go to God by themselves. And God say, "Okay, let them come. Let them come." And what happened? God was standing there for them to come. As soon as they came, they came. Moses saw there's another second wipe away. As a pastor always said, it's not the congregation. It doesn't matter what two or three people sitting here. What God gave you to him is what he going to preach to you. because he's responsible for one or two people who can stand for God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Is your responsible to know where you stand &gt;&gt; to get out from this pledge that is about to happen. God, this message is God himself. It's not you. It's not me. is not a pastor. God build the church &gt;&gt; and the gate of hell cannot prevail against it. &gt;&gt; Is the Holy Ghost in here? &gt;&gt; It's not a pastor here. Is the Holy Ghost in the pastor? &gt;&gt; Feeding the Holy Ghost children. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So if you want to stay here, stay with a pure heart. &gt;&gt; Let the Holy Ghost flow. And you're going to see the hand of God in our midst. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Paul said in the midst of us the grievous wolf. If you read the book of Act 20 19 to 29 to 30 he said the grievous he was talking about the Ephesians the grievous wolf will come in. Who are the grievous wolf? It's not you that sitting there, the ministers that will go around and try to catch the weak ones among us. They will stand on the pulpit and preach the gospel. And if you weak and you don't stay with the word of God, by the time you he wound your heart, Dayton and caller, he took your way. The same thing what Satan did in the garden of when in the heaven from the beginning he never changed. That's the tactics he is using today too. He went among them. The Bible says Satan went among the congregation and he wound he the heart of onethird of the angel and took them away and brought them down. That's the devils that we are dealing with right now here. Let me tell you, we are in the spiritual war. Let God open your understanding. I tell you these things here, this message, this message. John the Baptist when the John the Baptist came The Lord, he is the one introduced the Lord Jesus Christ, right? As soon as he introduced the Lord Jesus Christ is finished. The ministry of the Lord Jesus Christ what? Grews up. He preached the gospel. You after that you never hear John the Baptist name again. All what you hear is the Lord Jesus Christ. The spirit of Elijah introduce the Lord Jesus Christ. Cuz John the Baptist was the spirit of Elijah that was upon him. Introduce the Lord Jesus Christ. And then the Lord Jesus Christ preached the gospel to everywhere. How many people he got before he left the world? 12. The whole jud thousands of people. How many he got? 12. He came to separate them. He did a separation. So he took the best of them. All what he he want, he took all of them. Do you think the rapture will take the whole churches? No, today I heard in the news somebody said the rapture will happen today and we are still here. &gt;&gt; Let nobody fools you. The disciple didn't know when the Lord Jesus Christ will go up. They never knew all what they knew said we are going to where they were going straight down to like a straight to Bethany was close to Bethany. while he was there. Then he gave them their last message and before they they realized he was going. And the Bible says when the Lord Jesus Christ came down, he went to hell and took those saints that was bound there. So when he was going, he to he went with them. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you, God rich in mercy. If the apostles the Holy Ghost was was released unto them, they will never remain because they were part of the Lord Jesus Christ. They will go with them. You know, brother Abraham, that's a Malaka 4. Maka 31 was John the Baptist. Malachi 4:5 The same spirit of Elijah said he will come back again for our time. Hallelujah. And he came. I'm going to play a cassette for you to hear. He came. Why? because you are here. When he came, remember, just put in your mind when John the Baptist baptized the Lord Jesus Christ and the Holy Ghost came the Lord ministry. God was with them and preached to them till the day that he has to go to heaven. He never lead the saint and when he was going he went those people who were ready and he went with them. Now when the Lord Jesus Christ came back again for me and you cut a little I I cut little short here. You know I'm I'm cutting off. I have a lot of but I'm cutting off. I want to finish that. In the in the United States when Abraham was baptizing in the Ohio River, can you pray that cassette before I continue? And you hear this message is a court trial. a court try and if you have a time you can listen to that message. It's a blessing. Hallelujah. God is doing separation right now. So this message be listen and stay alert. So that when the time come you will know because we don't have enough time to stay. Hallelujah. The court trial 1964. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I want the world to see that this message. It didn't came. We are not sitting here by ourselves. It's God himself has come down and is with us. &gt;&gt; I remember down there when I was a little boy, you've read my life story. You know the story. I remember on the river down there when I was a young Baptist preacher. I was baptized there about 10,000 people standing on the bank. And one afternoon my first great revival somewhat around a thousand converts and I was baptizing him out there in the water. The 17th person I was leading out into the water I heard a noise and I looked around. It's hot is on June 1933 at the foot of Spring Street in Jeffersonville, Indiana. I was leading them out there in the banks all up and down. We're just crowded with people. I walk out and this little boy had seen him at the altar. I said, "Son, have you accepted Jesus Christ to be your personal savior?" He said, "I have." His name is Edward Calvin. And I said, "Edward, do you know what I'm doing now?" He said, "I do, brother Brandon." I said, "I am baptizing you, showing to this audience out here that you've accepted Christ as your personal savior. When I baptize you in the name of Jesus Christ, you take on his name. You rise for a new life. And when you leave here, you're to walk in new life." Do you understand that, Edward? He said, "I do." I said, "Bow your head." I said, "Heavenly Father, as this young man has confessed his faith in you, and as thou has commissioned us to go into all the world and preach the gospel, baptize them into the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, commission them to believe all things which you have taught. I therefore baptize thee, my beloved brother, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ." As I laid him into the water, I come up, I heard something going. I looked at the crowd. I heard a voice saying, "Look up." I thought, "What is that Billy here? his mother two or three years before we was married. She was standing there. I seen her face white. She had a camera in her hand. Look up. I heard it the second time. I was scared. I looked around the people standing there just looking just dumbfounded. I heard it say again, "Look up." And when I looked, here come that same pillar of fire that led Israel through the wilderness. Thousands of eyes looking at it come right down over where I was standing. It said as John the Baptist has sent forth to forrun the first coming of Christ. Your message shall cover the earth and forerrun the second coming of Christ. &gt;&gt; That went into the newspaper on the Associated Press. Dr. Lee Bale here this afternoon picked it up plumbing Canada and around local Baptist preacher while baptizing a mystic light appears over right down in Dallas, Texas or Houston, Texas a few years ago when people doubted it and hardly know what to do. A fine Baptist preacher wanted a debate with brother Bossworth. There was no such as divine healing. when he lost the debate by 100%. He said, "Let me see this divine healer come forth and perform." &gt;&gt; I come down to the balcony. I said, "I am not a divine, sir." &gt;&gt; I said, "You wouldn't want to be called a divine savior." I said, &gt;&gt; "You see, as John departed fall the first coming of the Lord Jesus, so your ministry will fall the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ." So this gospel that we are standing under we are not worshiping man is the same ministry that Paul Peter all of them receive in the day of Pentecost the same ministry. And right now do you believe that the Lord Jesus Christ didn't go back because when he came down Peter and all of them time he finished the gospel first and before he left and when he left he went with the saint that were ready. So he is still here. He didn't went again. God is still here and God is in his people. God is in his ministers. He chose them as he chose Paul, Peter, John, James, all of them to minister the gospel. So I'm telling you, the Lord Jesus Christ is still here right now. He hasn't gone yet. The time he will leave this earth here, all the saints whom he has gathered together, he will go with them. That's we call the rapture. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It's the same thing. &gt;&gt; He came down John the Baptist time. He stood there and minister unto them and do signs and wonders with them till he says stay. I will send the comfort of the spirit that will come back and the last days I will come back again by myself and this is the last days that you heard it as John the Baptist fall around the first coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. So this ministry will fall around the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. It's not brother Abraham. &gt;&gt; It's the same Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; The Lord Jesus Christ is still here. If you stay with him, you will see him. Do you know when the Lord Jesus Christ resurrected before he he went with the saints and went up? When he came back to comfort the saints, they were scared. They couldn't believe them. If you read Matthew 25 down, he went and they couldn't believe he didn't. They were scared. And you know what? What he did? He said, "Give me food to eat." They did give him food and he eat in front of them. He ate that food in front of them. The same time he was a spirit. The same thing he did to Abraham. God was God. But he eat with he ate with Abraham. My friend, this gospel is not a joke. This gospel is real. Last week I was telling them in in a prayer meeting a young man he was he was uh doing his last exams. The same time he was doing his last exams he has a problem with a heart. Bad problem. They took him to to the hospital. They checked, they couldn't find nothing. And the boy was going through pain and they said he has to go to the a big hospital to do a special test for the heart. So the father called me and I said, "Let the boy call me." The boy called me. When he called me, I said, "Do you believe the Lord Jesus can help you? He can heal you. At the same time he can help you and bring your memory back for the exams that you are going to do. He said yes I believe. I pray with him. I pray with him on the phone and last about a week ago he called me and thanked me. He said when I pray with him the church stopped. Now the medication that the doctors gave it to him, he doesn't need them because he have no pain. So he throw all the medication out. You think it's brother Desmond? No, I have no power. I have no education. But I believe the Lord Jesus Christ. I believe the same message that Paul preached, brother Brian preached is the same here for you and me. And the same gospel &gt;&gt; that the Lord Jesus Christ preached to the the saint there Braman preached to us and he demonstrated the Lord Jesus Christ for us because he was living on the scene said this is what is going to happen to you if you believe he is doing the same thing. You can see him you know he show himself to the disciple. If God want to show himself to you, he will show himself visible to you. &gt;&gt; What God wants to do, your heart desire, God will do it. &gt;&gt; God can heal every sick. When I went to Africa, another one there. I was about about a month or a month and a half ago. I went to brother Kofi's area there. I witnessed people. So one night I went to Manasim. Brother Robert preached there and straight down took a car straight down to that place because I witnessed about six or seven place. This was a 2 hours drive and the resi place when you go is a whining area like that. if you pass a certain a certain area and they said the the road is not good. I said good or no good I'm going waiting for me. Me and the brother one brother we went and when I went they were all ready in the room I opened the Bible I unveiled the Lord Jesus Christ onto them even they ready to be baptized. All of them are ready. I have two pe two places that people are ready to be baptized now and when I went there I minister unto them and when I'm finished minister and we are we about to leave so almost night and the road is not good I said and then they brought a six-year-old said dumb boy dumb he cannot hear he cannot speak for me to pray for him. You think I'm scared? I'm not ashamed for this gospel. &gt;&gt; No sir. &gt;&gt; If I pray for you, God know what he's going to do. Not me doing it. I don't look at myself. Whatever you think is up to you. So they brought I hold that boy head and I pray to the Lord Jesus Christ to show himself to these people that is the same yesterday, today and forever. If it's God that does not change, he will show himself to that people there for them to believe that the message that we are in is not a Catholic. It's not denominational. It's the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; And I pray for him. And when I came back a month and a half I I for a little while when I came back a month and a half ago I had I had a call and I was talking then I I I I said how is the boy doing? They said yes I talk to him. They give that phone to the boy and I was talking with the boy on the phone and the boy don't want to go from the phone talking to me. Somebody who does not talk who are not here now he's in school learning. Is it the same Jesus Christ yesterday, today and forever? &gt;&gt; Is it the same thing he did under the ministry of brother Abraham? Who did brother Abraham or the Lord Jesus Christ? &gt;&gt; So the Lord Jesus Christ is here to use you and me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; When I talk this here, I feel goose but my now my skin is is tight with with my body right now because I believe it &gt;&gt; and I see it and I know it's real. &gt;&gt; He want to use you and me. How much more we need? Let us follow our pastor. Do not m against him. Hold his hand. Don't mama against your brother, your sister. Love one another. That's what brother Abraham said. All this is based of love. If you love your brother or your sister, you always do what? Pray for him. Enjoy with them. Never mind how much what they do to you. Jesus said, "Father, forgive them. They know not what they do. &gt;&gt; Have mercy upon them." Hallelujah. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; We are close to the rapture. Don't be that daytime and cola. God is separating us. Hallelujah. Let me read my last picture and then we go. Hallelujah. I don't want to keep you so long. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Matthew Matthew 25. [Music] Matthew 25. Let me start with 46 here. No, I think I I missed the scripture here. Oh, okay. [Music] Yeah. Might be 25 to 46. Okay. No, sorry, I missed the Oh, okay. It's here. But okay, Matthew 25 31. Let's see here. When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory, and before him shall be gather all nations, and he shall separate them one from another. God said when he come, he will separate one from another. Hallelujah. as a sheep divided as as a head divided his sheep from the goats. And he shall set the sheep on the right hand, but the goat on the left. Then shall the king say unto them on his right hand, come ye blessed of my father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world. For I was an hunger and you gave me meat. I was test and you gave me drink. I was a stranger and you took me in. naked and ye clothed me. I was sick and ye visited me. I was in prison and you came to me. Then shall the righteous answer him and saying, Lord, when so we thee in hunger, and fed thee or test, and give thee drink, when when saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in, and naked, and clothe thee. Uh or when we saw when when saw we this sick or in prison and came unto thee. And the king shall answer and say unto them, verily I say unto you, in so much you have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me. Then shall ye say also unto them that are in the left hand, depart from me, ye cursed into everlasting fire. Prepare ye the devil and his angels. The same way they turn on the rest he went down. The same way the people who stood with Moses and Joshua they were enter into the land with milk flow with milk and honey. So we who will stay the word he said we're going to be on his right hand side. Do you want his right hand side or you want his left hand side? is a question that I left on you in your heart. Who do you want to be tonight? Let me tell you the Lord Jesus Christ is here doing the work that he did for others. Brother Abraham time was he said greater things shall ye do greater things. It's not that we going to do more greater but we all you me all the saints of God what we do we more great because we are many people. God bless you. May the Lord help you to be honest for the word of God. Stay with your pastor. Do not mama against your pastor. Somebody comes to you and mama against your pastor, shut him up. Do you want somebody to or somebody will come to you and talk bad against your father and your mother? You be sitting down and watch them. I will slap you. They fed me before I grown up. Without them, I cannot grow. Your pas without your pastor, you cannot grow. You understand? Stay with him. Somebody come with a nonsis who anybody come to the pullpit and speak anything against my pastor, I will stand against that. I will never tolerate it. I will never tolerate it. I was with brother brother Simon when I came to the message first. I didn't know nothing about the message. I was new. One guy took me to his house. Me and brother Michael and he started talking against brother Simon and and his sister P everything and we get mad. We get up and get out from the house. We don't want to hear that. We went through that a lot cuz I know what I'm talking about. We stood with brother Simon and this is where we stand today. You stood with your pastor then rapture comes you will go. &gt;&gt; If you refuse to stay with your pastor what will happen? The curse will be upon you. And when you leave behind your pastor don't blame your pastor. And don't think you're going to give your car your your your car key to your pastor and your pastor going to be here and you gonna go. He cannot work. You understand? Hallelujah. Do you love your pastor? &gt;&gt; Let us give him a hand. Pastor Danny, we appreciate you. We love you. We will back you off till the day the rapture come. No matter what circumstance are come up, I don't care who you are, God has given him unto us. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; Let us work together and God will bless us. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. My message is finished. Jesus Christ the same yesterday. This is separation time. Don't be that. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh hallelujah. Can we stand and let us pray? How many of you need a prayer tonight? If you need a prayer, lift up your hands and challenge God. Hallelujah. God is here giver. Whatever you do in your heart and obedience to the word of God, God will give it to you. Father, we thank you for this great night. Oh God, thank you. What a blessing to be a child of God. Lord, your word gone forth. Let us not be like Dayton and Cola. Take this spirit out this spirit out from our midst. Let the Holy Ghost have his way in our midst. Let us see you manifesting daily. Oh God, you did for others and we believe you will do for us. Lord, tonight you said whatever we ask you, you will do it upon the basis of your word in John, the book of John 14. Lord, your believing children have lift up their hands. You know the heart of them, Father. Would you do help them and grant their heart desires? Lord, I believe it's going to be a memorial to their heart today. And I believe that you will do it. Thank you, Lord, because you have chosen us to take this gospel to the world before the end come. And father, and we are standing perfectly on it. Help and give us strength not to move left or right but move with the Holy Ghost. Father help your children. Remember our pastor Lord Jesus strengthen him. Give him courage as you give courageous. He told Joshua be courageous. I will be with you. So I believe you will be with my pastor till the till the end. Strengthen him. Give him wisdom, understanding. Take every fear away from him. Let him be bold to stand firm. Whether trials or tribulation, Lord, you are there for him and you raise him up for us. Father, we thank you. Give us strength to go with him till that day the rapture comes. And father we know you are here and we thank you that you are among us in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Grant everybody has desires. We pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen and amen. God bless you. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you Lord. Let your sweet woman favor me. Rose of Sharon show me how to grow in beauty in God's sight. There is soft and make me a reflection of your light. [Music] Lord stars shine upon me and let your love shine through me tonight. [Music] Oh, lead me, Lord, I'll follow. Anywhere you open up the door. Oh, and let your words speak to me. Show me what I've never seen before. M Lord, I want to be a witness [Music] and make it right. [Music] They star shine down on me. Let your love shine through me in the night. Lord, I see a world that's dying, wounded by the master of deceit, groping in the darkness, haunted by the years apost. Then I see you standing near me, Lord. Shining with compassion in your eyes. [Music] Jesus, shine on me. Let your love shine through me in the night. Oh, lead me, Lord. I'll follow anywhere you open up that door. Oh, [Music] let your word speak to me. Show me things I've never seen before. Oh [Music] Lord, I want to be a witness. Only you can take what's wrong and make it right. I th shine down on me. Let your love shine through me in the night. Oh days that shine on, let your love shine through me. How many have heard from him tonight? That was our desire for him to speak to us. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, we come to the end tonight. May you have a safe trip home and we'll see you on Sunday. Amen. You are dismissed. I just wonder to leave this eagle. I just wonder to leave a seagle home. For I know the dove is here. He has come to lead God's eagle. And I know he will guide me and keep me here. Oh, I just wonder to leave his ego. [Music] I just wonder to leave this be alone. For I know the tough is here. He has to leave God's ego. And I know he will guide me. And
