################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - God Still Moving Through His Prophesies (Part 2) - Minister Desmond Opoku - Desmond Opoku.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-18
Title:    God Still Moving Through His Prophesies (Part 2) - Minister Desmond Opoku
Speaker:  Desmond Opoku
Church:   Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 3m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymA9oFk6suo
========================================

Description:
Minister Desmond Opoku
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Are you happy to be in his house this morning? Amen. He said with twos and trees are gathered, he's there in the midst. Amen. There's not a much of us today, but he is here and that's all that matters, right? The prophet said this morning, he says, "So that's why I'm saying that the God that always was is here." How many believe that this morning? Let's sing that song. I just want to be where you are, living daily in your presence. I just want to be where you are. I live daily in your presence. I don't want to worship from afar. Draw me near to where? Let's sing it again. I just want to be where you are. I just want to be where you [Applause] are. Living in your praise. I don't want to worship from above. I'm drawing near in your presence in your presence. That is where I want to be. I just want to be. I just want to be with you. I just want to be where you are. Oh. Oh. I just want to be where you are. I live in daily your presence. I don't want to worship from [Music] afar. Draw me near to where you are. I just want to be where you are. I just want to be where you are. living daily in your presence. I don't want to worship from afar from me to where you are in your presence. Oh, in your presence. That is where I want to be. I just want to be I just want to be in your presence. For in your presence is where I want to be. I just want to be. I just want to be with you. Oh man, you just want to be with him this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Could you put up for meal? Elohim. Lord, we come to worship you. [Music] Oh [Music] sh one more time. Sing it to him this morning. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] to worship. Oh, in worship. No matter what. No matter what. Sing it on. No matter what. No matter what. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] to my shores. [Music] [Music] Oh, you worship. [Applause] Oh, you [Music] worship. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] to watch you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Lord, we to you. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Jesus. My God. You feeling good this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Oh my God. Brother speaking here. The [Music] invest was taught. He wanted to become material. What he did do, he spoke a word and the word was materialized. That's the whole picture from Genesis to Revelation. Nothing's wrong. He says it's Elohim materializing himself so he could be touched. God wanted to be touched. Hallelujah. You believe that this morning? Yes, God in man again. God has a family on earth. That's all he wanted to do. He showed it in Eden. He showed it in Jesus Christ. Now he's showing it in his bride. You love him this morning. Let's just give him thanks this morning. Hallelujah. Give him a hand clap this morning. Oh my God. Let me see. See, I know I'm so unworthy. I'm nothing on my own. I make mistakes and slipping through just flesh. But you see someday that's why I say I am of a special for when he was on the cross. I was wrong. Let's sing it again. Oh, I know I'm unfolding. I'm not my own. I [Music] mist what you see someday just watch special when he was on the cross I was all Oh, [Music] he love me the glory. [Music] I'm [Music] so such [Music] mercy. His blood was a song that's kind of I know his eyes were I had for when he was on the cross. I was always for [Applause] he and he loved me. He was born. [Music] [Applause] I'm [Music] so such [Music] mercy when he was on the cross. [Music] I for [Music] [Applause] [Music] me such [Applause] [Music] I [Music] was thankless pray precious Lord Jesus. We thank you indeed, Lord, this morning. Oh God, for your faithfulness, Lord, for your grace, for goodness and love, Lord God, that you've shown to us today, Lord. Father God, as we have assembled this morning, oh God, we've come because we know that our help comes from the Lord. Our strength, our joy, our peace comes from thee, oh God. And father, we thank you Lord that you have ordained us before the foundation of the world, oh God, to enjoy the benefits of Calvary. Lord, as we lift our voices to you today, we just want to tell you, Lord, how much we love you and appreciate you, God. Lord, we are grateful that we can be in your house today, Lord. You've given us voices to sing praises to Jehovah. You've given us, Lord, health, hands and feet, Lord, that we can walk into your house today, Lord. How many this morning wish, Lord, they had hands that they could clap, oh God, feet that they could walk with, a voice to sing to God. But Lord, here we are once again, oh God, and help us, Lord, to recognize what we have today. So Lord God, as we've come into your courts, Lord, I pray that the presence of God will come so mightily among us today and speak to every heart, Lord God. Meet every need, Lord Jesus. Bless each and everyone. Lift burdens, oh God, from hearts that are heavy today, Lord. And just do something special for us. We pray. Father God, as we enter into worship, may you continue to bless, oh, brother, oh God, and the musicians, even the tithing and the offerings, Lord, bless it as your people give back to you, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Let's give him a hand clap this morning. Come, take the offering. Amen. You turn around, greet someone, tell them happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Um, let's try. [Music] Hallelujah. Could you put up for me who am I, Lord? I can see now who I am. Amen. It's a paradox. Amen. It's a paradox. On one hand, flesh of nothing, but on the other hand, the attribute is everything. Amen. [Music] Oh, glorious victory. That day he set me free and he made my heart. It's very true. My life is no long. I'm a mother of love. And now I live to praise his name. Oh, I am who I [Music] am. I can see now who I am. A part of my savior, a part of this world. It's a revelation of on Calvary. He died to redeem his lost bride. The king of kings became my savior. It's God's great [Music] mystery of love expressed to me and Christ. Oh I am. Oh yes I am. Oh I can see who I am. A part of my [Music] savior is destiny of who I am. Oh, glorious victory. He set me free and in my heart is very true. My life is no longer mine. I'm a prisoner of love. And now I praise his name. Oh, I am. Oh, I am. I can see. Oh, I'm part of my part of [Music] my part of his [Music] revelation. Who I am. Who I [Music] am. I can see. I can see. [Music] I'm part of my savior. I'm part of [Applause] my part of it's a [Music] revelation on Calvary died on Calvary to receive his lost brother. That's me and you this morning. The king of kings. He became a savior. God's greatness of love express. [Music] Oh, I can see who I am. I'm part of his world. It's a [Music] revelation. It's a predestination. It's predestination. [Music] It's a revelation. It's a [Music] revelation. Oh, I am. Who I am. Hallelujah. Almighty God. Let's [Music] try. Could you put up for me deeper, deeper in the love of Jesus? Deeper, deeper in the love of Jesus name. He let me go. I can hide you in the school of wish of grace. Oh, deeper. Yet I pray. I higher every higher every day. I blessed [Music] Lord and I press. Could you change the verses for me? Holy world. A new vers actually be in the love of Jesus. [Music] in the school of our grace. Oh, all my life [Music] I [Music] [Applause] wish I sold. Blessed Holy [Applause] [Music] Spirit into my life in Jesus. [Applause] [Music] Fire. Oh my sh I try. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I [Music] highlight. Heat. Heat. [Music] in that [Applause] sh. There is power power one in the other. [Music] There [Applause] [Music] is there is power there is power. Oh, in the heat of the night there is [Music] power. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Power [Music] [Applause] [Music] is free from [Music] Power in the power is there is power. There is power. There is power. [Music] Oh my [Music] [Applause] heart service for Jesus your king. Make a commitment this morning for Jesus. There is power. There is power in the blood. [Applause] [Applause] [Music] Oh, there is power. [Music] [Applause] Oh, there is power and the working power. [Music] [Music] Oh hallelujah. Rejoice. Our Lord is here. Hallelujah. Let's worship him. [Music] the blood of the lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a hand. There is power in the blood. Hallelujah. God never lose his power and all the power belongs to you. Hallelujah. And you be happy this morning. Hallelujah. We are energized. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. I'm happy to be here. Thank you Lord. Amen. This morning you have your own brother Desimon. I have my own way to be minister. You know I have to be happy. I am the happiest brother. Amen. One of the happiest brother in the message. Thank you Lord. I have to be happy. I said even if the Lord tell for the rapture and I'm I'm going if the Lord tries and I'm going and maybe they lay my casket over there, you just come and I will laugh with you before they cross the casket. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, my brethren. We're going to uh we're going to read our Bible this morning. Corians Colossians chapter 1 verse 12- 29. No, chapter 2. Let me see. Colossians 1:12 to 29. 1 12- 29. Before we read, let us pray. Heavenly Father, thank you this morning. Father, surely you made us happy. Thank you that we are here not alone but you are with us because your word says so. He said wherever two or three people are g together in your name you are in our midst. You never lose power. There is power in the blood. There is power in our midst. There is power all around us. Father, thank you. We are about to read your word. Expand your word and made us understand what you are already saying and let her understand where we going and where we stand. Father, if there is anybody in your presence right now, feel a little pain in their body. Lord Jesus, I pray Lord God, let your healing virtue crew go through the eyes of the peel and search them one by one. If there's anybody has any little thing that would be a distraction for the for the word of God, Father, let your healing, let your anointing go through and solve every situation in your in your children, Father, because you said whatever we ask in your name, you will do it and you will give it to us. I asking the perfect health of your children right now. No distraction when they are in your presence. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Bless everybody that's watching on the line. Oh God, set their mind tune to the word of God. When you were on the earth, when you sat down on the rock and the people sat around you mass and mass and mass, you can't hear even a pencil fall down. All their minds was tuned to the words that you bring to their hearts. Oh God, let it be the same way this morning. It doesn't matter how far, how long, where they are listening. Father, they are your people. They are your creation. Father, thank you. Bless thy word. Bless our pastor this morning wherever he is. Let your anointing be upon him. Guide him, oh God. Everybody, Lord Jesus, our former pastor, Pastor Simon and his wife and the family. remember them also. Lord Jesus, we thank you. Come among us. Reveal yourself to us and let the word of God prevail for the glory of God. In Jesus name I pray. Amen. And amen. Hallelujah. Give thanks unto the Father which had made us meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light. who has delivered us from the power of darkness and has translated us into the kingdom of his dear son. In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins, who is the image of the invisible God, the first born of every creature. For by him were all things created that are in heaven and that are in earth, visible and invisible. Whether they be thrones or dominions or principities or powers, all things were created by him and for him. That is the God that we serve and he is before all things and by him all things consist. If you take God there's nothing that can stand. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Is it my brother? Oh, okay. Thank you. Hallelujah. For it praise the father that in him should all fullness dwell and having made peace through the blood of the cross. by him to reconcile all things unto himself. By him I say, whether be the anything, whether they be things in earth or things in heaven, and you that were sometimes alienated and enemies in all enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now had he reconciled. Amen. In the body of his flesh through death to represent you holy and unraable and unprovable in his sight. If you continue in the faith grounded and settled and by and be not moved away from the hope of the gospel which ye have heard and which were preached to every creature which is under heaven. Wherefore I Paul I am a minister who now rejoice in my suffering for you. Paul rejoiced in his suffering for who? Me and you. He didn't suffer for himself by through the word of God. Hallelujah. So don't think you're going to get it easy. When you are serving God, it's not easy. Hallelujah. That's why he's telling us. Amen. Who now rejoice in my suffering for you and fill up that which is behind of the affliction of Christ in my flesh for his body's sake which is the church. Wherefore I am made a minister according to the dispensation of God which is given to me for you to fulfill the word of God. Hallelujah. Even the mystery which had been held which has been hid from ages and from generations. But you but now is made manifest to the saints to his saints to whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of his mystery among the Gentiles which is in Christ in you and hope of glory. who ye preach warning every man and teaching every man in all wisdom that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus. Where unto I also labor striving according to his working which is workketh in me mighty. May the Lord add his blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated. Hallelujah. Um, we know about Paul, I I'm going to, this is the part two of my message. God is still moving through his prophecies. God is still moving through his prophecies. So, we're going to go and see what kind of prophecy are we fulfilling? Are we moving right now? Hallelujah. I just I'm not I'm not a a a big preacher. I'm just a your brother, a deacon in the church. I'm just God by the grace of God I standing here to share the word of God with you. So everybody have patience. I'm not a educated person where I can go through computer with my hand and search and bring it out and give it to you. I just tells you what God has placed in my heart. And God I'm just telling you God is real. Hallelujah. Right now I'm standing here. I know what I went through before I stood here because Satan did not like us. Let me tell you, Satan did not like us to hear the word of God. you sometime you have to go through pain exactly what Paul was saying exactly what I'm I'm going through what Paul said he's suffering for you for the word of God that's exactly as I'm standing here that's what I'm going through but nothing can stop the word of God not even no death hallelujah because he hold the earth. He holds all the power and the power is within us. He gave us all the power. That's why we sing the song. I was very glad. There is power in the blood. There's power in the saints. Hallelujah. You have a power to generate anything that you can do right now. Hallelujah. I feel good in the presence of God. Amen. You know, when we talk about Paul, Paul was a as I just recap a little thing that I said about last Wednesday. Paul wasn't his name was Saul before and after God called him, he changed his name. Paul Paul wasn't a Christian but he has something inside of him that he love God. There's a seed inside of Paul. So Paul was zerous about God and all what he learned about God is what from the Sanhedrin the rabbi that's why he was protecting. He wasn't doing that thing from his heart. You know, Paul master was Griia and Griia was a Sanhedrin and he was a rabbi and that man was so so learned at the same time he was a lawyer. So he missed tradition of their religion. How Moses brought them from Egypt to Israel. He mixed that with the law and the tradition and he taught Paul. So they were always defending God by their traditions and their law, their natural wisdom. But who can defend God? Nobody can defend God. God is God. Amen. When he speak, he speak. Hallelujah. And I always said God speak once. What God said from the beginning is still right here, right now. Amen. Amen. He never change. So that's why he said you cannot add you cannot take what I said is what I said. So if you listen to the message you are responsible to check by the word of God. Yes, very very important because man can make mistake but God does not make mistake. And if your heart even Abraham said if the congregate if the pastor himself is of the word and the congregation heart their heart is pure, God will turn and change the pastor heart and bring the real word of God because you have power in you that you can change so many things. Hallelujah. Let me tell you, you have to be happy. Even in pain, in suffering, God knows everything about you. God will never leave you. He said it. I will never leave you nor forsake you. I will be with you even till the end of this world. Hallelujah. So there's no ways can God ever depart from you. Amen. When you are sleeping, when you are at work, when you are driving, hallelujah, he's always around you. Amen. Just call him and he will draw nigh unto thee. You remember he did to the the brethren when they were walking through the emas. While they were talking, the Bible said he draw n and went home with them. Not that he just be with them. He draw n and went home with them and even sat down and eat bread with them. He did for them. What about you? There's nothing that God can ever hinder you. Just let your heart be pure and believe in him. Praise the Lord. So this this this Paul Sanhedrin man the the rabbi what he taught him he bring a persecution through Paul cuz Paul because you know why the Jews fail to look to the Bible because Bible is a book of prophecies and always God is working God never stop. So if you stop while we are worshiping God and and if you stop and you not coming to church, don't think God will stop for you. He's keep on going. He's keep on going with those who are remain behind and working with them. Hallelujah. So nobody can stop God work. Hallelujah. It's your responsibility to know the God that you serve. Amen. The trials can never let you let you let you uh to depart from God. No, sometime a test come you have to prove you have passed through a test before you can get a testimony. Amen. Without a test you cannot get testimony. Oh hallelujah. I believe even right now brother Kofi has a testimony. Amen. what he went through. Nobody knows. Only him knows. By the power of almighty Jehovah. Hallelujah. We have a God that we serve. I am so blessed and I'm so happy to be a Christian. Let me tell you, Christianity is one of the best Yes, sir. that God can ever give it to you. It doesn't matter what anybody said. Look, if they cutting your head, just close your eye as the dam of inquisition. They know that God is God. They stood and they beheaded. Paul was beheaded and Paul was the one who wrote this Bible. Glory to God. My brother, my my brethren, if God has opened your eye to see the glory of God, especially in this message, you are the blessed people in the face of the earth. Hallelujah. Not everybody can take. Hallelujah. You know, you know they have a they have a a like a a magnet. See magnet take steel. See magnet this is magnet. Any steel that magnet attract attract it will draw that steel to that magnet. I'm going to read something for you about brother Abraham talk about magnet. Hallelujah. Just bear with me this morning. I am happy to be here. Amen. Thank you Jesus. But have patient with me. I'm not I told you I'm not a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a big preacher. I'm just a brother. So I'm just a I'm just minister what God has placed in my heart. So if I make mistake, forgive me. Praise the Lord. Let's see this the Easter Seal will mar5. Hallelujah. Paragraph 76. Let's talk about how we talk about magnet. You see, you see these things here. You see this is this was drawn by brother Simon, pastor Simon, our former pastor, you see the son of man. And if you see Paul, the the up there have a light. You see that light around it? The same light is in the bottom too. I think is this was drawn by inspiration. See when the light throw down all the way down there. See inside all of the the light is coming through to the bottom. The bottom is the Gentiles where God started his ministry for the Gentiles. We are the Gentiles. Hallelujah. God started the ministry in Israel and after he stopped for a while so that he has to do with the Gentiles then after he go back to him them and finish the job over there. So God put that light over there. So you know where you put a light while the light is going it started spreading and this light here is reflecting the whole world for the Gentiles. So God that light is like a magnet right now. The Holy Ghost is that light. The Holy Ghost is the magnet throwing that magnet to the whole world. So every child of God that is in the in in this word here for the Gentiles, not the Jews, is throwing like that. So anybody who has the seed of God in him, when that life goes like that, it pick them up. Amen. And when that magnet picked that that thing out, nothing can take that magnet. Nothing can take that steel that stuck to the magnet out. Nobody. The only way it can get out is when the magnet is mixed with any rubber or anything. It cannot stick. You're going to fall down. So no child of God will fall down from that holy spirit that magna that's coming down through the por. So right now you see the all the ages arius Martin and Luther Columbbo Columbbo Luther and Wesley and William Abraham that that magnet every age that Holy Ghost a pickup and meanwhile God is moving God never stop that's why he started there he's moving he's taking them to him so now we see that we are getting very short. So we see where Abraham is now. We are no more where is we are in the the blue one the Holy Spirit there right there. That's where we are now. It's getting smaller. That means we are we are almost home. Almost home. He pick up every every seed that from from Paul to uh from to he pick up every one of them. So we are all stuck together inside that magnet there. Let me tell you about let me read here the way back in the way the way back in the back. He touched a little button and there came a big magnet through and he picked up every bit of that iron that was shave off of those pieces now and went out. It it uh demagnet demagnetized it demagnetized it and dropped into a cup capola and was melted over for another piece of of goods and same same thing the same thing axles or whatever they were building and I stood there and look at back till I I I till I I I just lost myself and I said I am wondering something. He said what is it sir? And I I said I noticed that some of that didn't go up. He said it's aluminum. Aluminum cannot get magnet and the magnet is not magnetized to the aluminum. I said I see and he said then I said where you notice there is a piece of iron laying across but you see sir it was bolted down. I said, "I see." And when he took it out, I said, "Now what happens that out there?" Say, says it goes right back into the mail. Pour out through the capa and come right back and make another wheel. I said, "Praise the Lord." That's it. I see. That's it. See, there is a great magnet setting in the sky that God one day will touch his finger to. No man knows the time he's coming. Not even the angels of heaven. Doesn't know. Doesn't know. God alone knows. But there was there has been some time trimmings that come come off of the Bible Bible Christians believers for the for this hour. One of them might have been an axle back and another day this might be some other part is going on on to make is going on to make the big regime of God but it all be molded into the port of God great capola and poured out again into the image of God and Just those when uh and just those who are magnetized to it will be taken up. You hear that? Hallelujah. Those who are magnet magnetized to it, those who are stuck with the Holy Ghost, Holy Ghost is a magnet. Hallelujah. That's a spirit of God. Thank you, Lord. those who are magnized to it to be taken up. Oh, how to what a privilege it is to know that there is something in the resurrection that's pertaining to us. Now notice recognize the call of God words which is part of who is part of and it is an eagle to an eagle. Now if the if that mother would have screamed like a a buzzard he would have never known it. He being just as well off of Byard, but it was the scream of an eagle. There was nothing inside that little fellow that he knowed he was not an eagle. He was an he was an eagle. Knows that he was an sorry. And the same thing is with every true believer. When the preaching of God's word comes forth and is vindicated and proved that go prove God's word for this hour, then there is something within the believer. Hallelujah. I don't care how loyal his father was to the church or how loyal his mother was or his grandparents. And if that which church is teaching contrary contrary to this hour of the baptism of the Holy Ghost message, there is something in him that screams out he will leave the boneyard. Hallelujah. He got to do it. The chicken must have been all right one day, but this is eagle hour. See it is the it is different. There is something that there is something that he must leave the old coupe and fly away into the blue. Then this earthly body is quickened and brought by the quickened spirit and the obedience to the word of God. Hallelujah. Now when this holy spirit represent as the eagle flying over the land the fields of the believer. Now no man can make to no man can come to me. No man can come to me but no man can come to me by himself. It is it isn't your own thinking your own drawing. It is God drawing. See all the father has given me will come to me. Amen. So all the father every steel that is on the ground if that magnet hit on the ground every steel every steel will draw near into that magnet. It doesn't matter what kind of even if the steel is rusted, it will still attract to the magnet. So far as is still. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. So that's exactly what happened. You see the the Jews they fail to to see to look to the prophecies. So when one day because God knows poor heart and Paul was Paul has a seed in him. God he attracted that magnet where he was going to persecute the brethren and the God said it's enough or your time is over. Why they taught you from your mind the greatest mind the learning everything even more even some days even kinria says s Paul you are you are learning is driving you crazy but he thought he didn't know that po God has taken all those kind of learning law and everything persecution away from him now Paul became a new person as you sitting here before you were not like that as I said last unit before. Hey, I have a bushy hair. That's where the world want. So, I have to be like the world and handsome. I attract everything everything in the world. But when God call me, all these things drop like Paul. So, do you you were not the same when you came to the the message. You were not the same. There's a big change in your life. That's why I sing that song. Great change since I was born. Great change since I was born. Great change since I was born. Been a great change since I was born. The things I used to do, I can't no more. Things I used to do, I do them no more. Things that the prison used to go, I go there no more. Been a great change since I was Yes, I was no good. But thank God, he changed my life. Who am I? I was no good. But God rich in mercy, he called me. And when I came I somebody told me brought me here but it wasn't the time I went back. When God called me back there he call me through his word. He didn't call me by the time the first time he called me he called me. He spoke to my heart and when he spoke to my heart I came I couldn't go back no more. When God call you you cannot return back. But if somebody take your hand and brought and bring you here, you can go back. But if God call you, you cannot go back. You cannot go back. You have nowhere to go. You have nowhere to go. I'm telling you this morning, even if your heart you want to get out, you cannot go because you are attracted to the that magnet and that magnet will never leave you. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. The word of God is true. Paul never quit back. I can see some preachers preach so many years and they said they're quitting from the word that God has given to them. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Nobody can quit from God. If God calls you, he calls you. He calls you once and for all. God speak once and when he speak once it's for all all the time. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Be happy. Enjoy your salvation that God has given to you. Enjoy that salvation God has given to you. He gave it to you by himself. No man gave you that salvation. Hallelujah. If I if I give it to you, I can take from because I'm a man. If you do something against me and I get mad, I can take from you. But God give it to you. Nobody can take it away from you. Every healing is yours. Hallelujah. Everything that you desire in your heart is yours. Nobody can take it away from you because God has given to you. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. I am happy this morning to stand here and minister the word of God this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm sorry about my ashes, but I have no control of myself. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I was working one day and this woman in my my my my neighbor, brother Gabriel knows them. And I saw him standing outside smoking. And I went to him, I said, "If you don't stop smoking, you will never see to leave your children to see you will never live to see your children, the children that you love. And I left about three months. Three months later, he went he went and the doctor said, "You have breast cancer." Hallelujah. Now he's craving for life. Hallelujah. Barbary, what God has given to you, please don't take it granted. It's real. It's real. God can use any one of us. Hallelujah. Just trust in him. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Our God is good. Hallelujah. I don't know if I can finish the message that I'm about to bring. I don't know where I am now. I just speak what God has bring me here now. I just speaking. Hallelujah. Thank you. What God want to speak, I want to speak to you this morning. He want to speak to you as his children. Hallelujah. Whom we have ordained, oh God, before the foundation of this world, and is about to take you home with him. Hallelujah. So he's speaking to you as children, his his own children, not even the children, in the spiritual form, his wife. Hallelujah. as a church. Hallelujah. That's why you speak it this morning. If you open your heart and your mind, I believe God will give you something to go this morning. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of God. Thank you, Jesus. At 3, this lady has a breast cancer. I was work. He came to my work with his mother for me to pray for them. Meanwhile, that that lady his her her husband father was sick one day and God told me to go down and pray for him. He was bleeding for the whole night. He couldn't stop. They were discussing who going to take him to the hospital and I went there. God told me from my shop and I went to their shop and I found out why God sent me there and I asked him why everything all right? And they said brother Gabriel knows about this here. They said he was bleeding all night when he go to washroom. He was peeling all blood. So I said if you want you don't want if you want can I pray for your father? He said yes. The man said yes. I lay my hand upon that man. And from that day he went to the washroom. There was no blood. He never go to the hospital. God healing him instantly. So this lady knows about God. Hallelujah. And when I I told him that he came back with his mother with her mother to my office at our shop. I have an oil and oil. I lay my hand upon them and I told them and I asked him I asked her about the cigarette. He said I stopped that that time when he told me I stopped the cigarette so he doesn't smoke more. So they went and just recently the doctor declared he's cancer free. You understand the gospel that we preach the same gospel that Paul preached. I'm just telling you Paul was in the prison. Paul was not all the time Paul stand in the pulpit preaching. He just take the all the some of the the the the Bible like Catius and all those fimon and everything he's in prison. He just wrote the service and give it to them. Every word that you speak there's a power behind that. Hallelujah. the God that we speak. Excuse me. I'm sorry. I can't help it. I just I just be of myself. The God that we preach is the same God that Paul preach. It's no different God. And our days, God, the Jews recognize they couldn't check. They So I'm I'm just going back and forth. The the Jews, they forget to look the prophecies in the Bible. So Paul couldn't get that. And when the Lord Jesus Christ met him, he took him from the that place and sent to the island and take all the worldly wisdom away from him. And Paul became a man of God and he started preaching the gospel. Okay. So when the Paul preach as I said while the God is moving he's adding faith. That's was Paul time. The next one virtue. Virtue is power. God is building his people. So the next one is knowledge, wisdom. The next one is temperance. You have you have to you have to have you don't have to have temper. Be patient with God. Be patient with people as God has patient with when we were. Don't don't get mad. Every little thing you get mad. You show yourself as a Christian. Hallelujah. Have patience with people. Patient and godliness Wesley and brother kindness. See God is building all this church. All this this is in you. God has placed everything that is there is in you cuz it's building. It's building. It's like when the when when the the orange tree you grow the orange tree it started coming the fruit start coming small and when you taking is sour sour sour sour sour sour you're going to reach a certain point oh it's sweet but it hasn't yet finished and then it getting sweeter and sweeter and sweeter so we are the sweetest part. That's why the gospel is so sweet. You cannot help it. Why sometime you just singing and some kind of happiness spring in your your heart and you start laughing. You don't know where you you don't know why you laughing but some joy comes in your soul that sometime you thinking about God. You think about something and you start getting sweeter and sweeter and sweeter and somebody Why are you laughing? I am happy. Why are you happy? God makes me happy. Amen. You cannot happy by any you know the worldly happy is just a just a list like you you there's no percentage to that. You understand? There's no percentage to God happiness the worldly happiness. Hallelujah. So you getting sher. So now they were what prophecy are we in? You see, let's read something here about what Paul was Paul messaging was prophetic message messages all kind of things inside he prophesy inside at the end what is going to be at the end can we can we read a little bit I'm going to read a little bit about about Paul uh thing for you this hallelujah Yeah. First Thessalonians that I'm sorry. I just I'm just confused here. First chapter 4 verse 13. But I will not have you to be ignorant, brethren, concerning them which are asleep, that you sorrow not, even the others which have no hope. He said you sorrow not. Okay? For if we believe that Jesus died on the and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will not bring him bring with him. For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven, with a shout, with a voice of ark angel, and with a trump of God, and the dead in Christ shall rise first. Then we who are alive and remain shall be changed and caught up together with them in the crowd and meet the Lord in the air and also shall shall we ever be with the Lord. Hallelujah. I say wherefore comfort one another with these words. That's a prophecy in our day that we are waiting. We are inside now. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Glory to God. I have I have a lot of scriptures to read. Thank you, Jesus. Now, we all know Gentiles, Gentiles. I'm going to read. Let me read Isaiah 49 for you to see something. Today we talk about it. Isaiah 49:6. And he said it is light thing that thou should be my servant to rise up the tribe of Judah and to the restore restore the perverst of Israel. I will also give thee a light to the Gentiles that thou might be my that I might be my salvation unto the end of the earth. As I said, we are the Gentiles. God is giving us salvation right now. The way same way that he call those the our brethren the Israelites the same way he's going to call us. So he has to give us the prophets to reveal the word of God to us. So he brought as we know our our our our prophet William Mariam Braham to the gentile to reveal the gentile bride at this time and we know he came and the whole world know him. But they couldn't take that word. Why they couldn't take? Because the same way they rejected the Lord Jesus Christ and Paul message over there. The Sanhedrin and the Pharisees, they work together. They were not looking for the the prophecies that was prophesying. So they couldn't see they miss it. The same way the churches you know these churches here when God take his bride and they left over they organize and form a church. Those are the leftovers. The bride that in that age they are not left over. They already gone. They already stuck in the magnet. So those who doesn't have those who doesn't have that spirit they left over and they know about you know in in Africa when we cut a snake we have a snake called p father when you cut the head you when you sleep you cut the head and wake up you going to jumping jumping jumping jumping jumping meanwhile the head is cut off no matter what you do you will die that's exactly that happened to the denomination So the power that left because they are God people and God is the spirit once you have the spirit in you you can do anything you understand. So but God in that ages God magnet all of them stop in the magnet. God is the magnet up there. So God is taking is moving. He's moving. He took them out already. So first dis dispensation second dispensation all of them is already taken up. So the leftover they form organized with and they use instead of them to use the power of God they use knowledge wisdom and education because that's what Satan is he beguile them with wisdom education instead of them to look through the prophecy that go that is is that prophecy that is taking us with God if you miss that prophecy you cannot see you understand because the Jew lose faith to look through the prophecy that Isaiah 9 says a child a a a son will be born but when the son was born they forget that prophecy that a son that son a son is a man they forget and they thinking he is one of them but he wasn't one of them he was god himself amen that is what is happening. So God is taking up that magnet. God is taking up his people through those o they all stuck inside there. So now a prophet came he introduced us to John John he introduced us to God that is Christ. You remember John the Baptist when John the Baptist came because Malaka 4:5 was a scripture that brother Abraham came to fulfill and uh and and then John the Baptist was the one who introduced the Lord Jesus Christ and when the John the Baptist introduced the Lord Jesus Christ he stepped outside and then the ministry of the Lord Jesus Christ went up. Okay. So right now is our day. Now Maka 4:5 has come. He has introduced us to the Lord Jesus Christ. That time we were bride. So when when we were bride and the Bible said the church is the wife. When a woman is not married, he's what? a bride, right? So, Brother Abraham came, he introduced the bride to the groom. So, Abraham said outside. So, the groom, what he has to do, he take the wife, he take the wife and put the arms on the and the and the shoulder like that and and and and they moving. Hallelujah. I remember when I married my wife, that's what I did. Hallelujah. Thank you. That time is between the groom and the wife. Yes. Some time ago, our former pastor, Pastor John Simon, he preached a message here. The whole world, they do not understand that internal church. age. If the bride have introduced to the groom, he is no more a bride. He's a wife. So when the wife go with the groom, what environment? Because the groom is the eternal. He's God himself. He is God is eternal. So the wife live with him with eternal. What environment are they living in? eternal age because there's no more age that they are going to because now it's finished. So they living eternal age right now where we are what we are living right now is eternal age. There is no a more age to come. The Leisian church age is gone. We are married to the uh uh what do you call eternal God. If you marry with eternal God, what environment are you living? And the wife and the groom are one. So if your h your husband is eternal, what are you right now? You are living in tenner eternal age. There's no more age because now all what we are waiting is the rapture. Hallelujah. We are living in the rapturing age. Let me tell you when the Lord Jesus Christ died on the cross and you went down the tomb over there and took the key from Satan and opened that door. He lose all the saint that were kept in those time. Even all the prophet and Abrahamic all of them were there. You lose all of them. They were c they were they were there because the life of Christ was not given yet. He is the one who come and open the gate and lose them. Hallelujah. What did he do when he lost when he lose them? The Bible says even some of them saw the saints walking on the street of Jerusalem. My brother and my sister, this is not a joke. This is real. That's why I say you have to rejoice that you are in. Hallelujah. Never mind you die today, you die tomorrow. You already stuck with the magnet. Hallelujah. Nothing can pull you down. Aren't you happy? Hallelujah. Rejoice. I'm sorry to screaming because it's it's so sweet, sweeter than honey. That's why why do you think some brothers and sisters when their wife some his wife cannot understand the the the husband cannot understand they try to give them but they cannot give that's why sometime you are hard you sometime when I witness to people I said if I can do surgery I can open and put inside there But I can. You understand? It's so real. If you see the reality and the power of God that you have, my brother and my sister, there is nothing can stand before you. All what you have to do, surrender your life to him. That's all what you have to do. God is not requiring nothing from you. Live the life. just normal life. You don't have to be anything. This when I went the sister I said if you don't stop smoking you will never leave to see your children that you love. You think it's easy to go tell somebody like that. It takes God. It takes your belief whom you believe and who you worship to do that because you know what you said is that said the Lord. Hallelujah. Because your mouth is God is going to use to speak to somebody. Amen. If you take action, ashen will bring ashen. Hallelujah. Exercise the gift that God has given to you. You have some gift that nobody has it. Release it. That's the perfume of Christianity. Hallelujah. If the flower didn't give perfume or you didn't shake the flower, how you going to smell the the perfume, lily flour. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Sometime our own children, we think we can give it to them, but we can. It's God. Just leave the life. Let them see even they will rebel against you in the house. Deep in their mind they go outside say my father and my mother who the best Christians they they they know the world know that what we have is the best but they cannot get. Why do you think they jealous of you and they harm you? They don't because they cannot get what you have. You have to have that kind of steel talk. Steel to get to attract you that magnet. The Holy Ghost is your ste the steel magnet that you attract. You don't attract to the pastor that is standing here. The word that is bringing forth. Hallelujah. That you are attracted to. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. So live godly life and enjoy enjoy your salvation. Don't let the devil put you down. Don't let no man put you down. God is real. I know how people go through the stuff that people go. It's not easy. It's not easy when you going through some pain. Only you feel the pain. It's a a woman having a a child. Your husband standing, oh honey, we rubbing the honey poo. They say poo poo poo. You know how he's going through. Only him know. Only her know the pain that he's going through. You don't feel it. You understand? But the power of God give them strength to bring that baby out. If themsel alone, they cannot do it. But the power that's within them, the promise of God that's within them that give them extra power through the pain to bring forth the child. So if you're a Christian, when you go through something, you don't don't think about pain, pain, and agony and sad. And there's no sadness in Christianity. Christianity is joy. You know, Paul, he went through affliction. They tried to cut his throat. They try to do all kind of things. God raised Paul for me and you. And that's why you you read that scripture. He was telling the affliction that he went through through the prophecies that was in the word the word of God. He has to fulfill the promises about the Gentiles as we read. The Gentiles has to receive salvation. Who is going to pass through to receive the salvation? God passed through Paul to bring salvation to the Gentiles. So Paul Paul message was not an easy thing but he went through and he passed through. Nobody couldn't take him. They cut his head off but the message is still here. Paul words is still here. Let me tell you brother Abraham word that he brought every word that brother Brown brought is inspired. Every book everything message is inspired. This man was true prophet. The only person that would deny the bra message and say something about is the devil. Anoint people. You understand? This man sat down and somebody is talking about him at the house and God talked to him. They saying this and this and that and that. Wasn't the same thing when Miriam was talking about Moses and God called Moses and said they say they say they say this. Is it not the same? Because they don't see the prophecies in the Bible. God promises promises. Revelation 10:7 Malachi 4:5. Now our scripture is where where we are now? Revelation 19. Okay. Our scripture Revelation 19. Let me read for you. You are no more bright. Hallelujah. Revolution. Yeah. He said, "Let us be glad and rejoice." Revelation 19:7, "Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him, for the marriage of the Lamb is come." and his wife had made herself ready. Are we ready? Yes. Because we have been introduced by the prophet. Hallelujah. Do you understand? We have been introduced already. Let's let's read a a a little message here about brother Abraham. This is a recognize your day and it message. Recognizing your day and its message by William Manraham 1964. Just the similar as the Jews that they were in as the Gentiles with theirs as Gentiles with theirs because it is prophesied the same thing. same thing claiming they were looking for him. But the denominations now in the gentile lician age is just as blind as they were because why? It is prophesied they would be. It must come to pass. If Israel only could have recognized their sign, they would have known the time of the Messiah's appearing. better appearing was at hand if they had recognized. You know the the disciples said that to Jesus. Why does the scribe say that Elas might first come and Jesus said Elas has come has already come and they didn't know him. He's already been here and they have already killed him. They done just exactly what the scripture they done. They done just exactly what the scripture has the scripture said they will do. If they would have only recognized that that the fant fan fanatic that condemn every double things that they done that condemn every that condemned everything that they were doing. He said, "You hypocrites, don't begin to snakes, snakes and the glass. Snakes in the glass. You generation of vipers who has warned you to flee from the wrath that's to come." Don't begin to think within yourself, we have Abraham to our father. We have this that or other. For I tell you, God is able to God is able of the to God is able of these stones to be re rising children to Abraham. Don't begin to think that you have got the word council of at hand. You got the best dressed members of of that. God is able of ar rats out here to raise our children to fulfill his word. Prostitute, street workers, drunkards, gamblers is able to do it. He is still God. blinded denominations like blinded Israel both prophesied prophesy to be that way. I am showing you paras till you till I get this spot that I wanted to I wanted to now blinded as the the denomination of the gentiles of the Lucian age are blinded today like they were then. The Lisa age is supposed to receive me message 4 said they would back. What are they looking for? Our denomination will produce it. If it doesn't come through us, the Baptist, the Presbyterian, and the assembles, the awareness, there's if we don't produce it, it isn't true. Same thing. They did in that day and it came and went and they didn't know it. They didn't recognize it. Though it fulfilled every word Jesus said they have they they have did as it was listed that they would do. So will they do the son of man he would be rejected. No. Now notice same now in the gentile gentile days according to the promised scripture of Maka 4 which Jesus said all scriptures is inspired all scriptures is inspired and not one bit of it can keep from being fulfilled. There's no way to keep the scripture from being fulfilled. All must be fulfilled. When Jesus said it would happen and there we see it happen. We see it. Restore that it is the last days. You you denominational brethren listen. Restore the Pentecost. Listen. Restore the Pentecostal original feast like it was at the beginning. So will it be restored before Israel. Trumpet fish shall sound. Has to be restored. There has to be something to do it. Mara 4 said it will restore back the faith of the fathers and the children. What would what would take place? Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. So as Abraham said, the same thing that the Jewish did, they forget the scripture that they were supposed to know. But right now, the denomination when we talk about theation, we are not talking about the people. You're talking about the system that they think, as I said, if you chop the head of snake, you're going to jump jump thinking there's power. But there's no more power. The power is within the bride. The power, God power is within the bride. They cannot challenge you. They can do all what they want. They can heal the sick. They can do everything. But already the magnet has taken what God what God need out already. Hallelujah. They have no power. The power is within. You see when you when the group is going somewhere and all together and if you pass through here they will not wait for you. We are going to Hamilton we start from here. Oh say no I'm going to haga and pick up something. By the time you come you already gone. Nobody wait for you because it's set up. You cannot change. God set up is already set up. He already called what he need from the time of Paul up to our age. Right now is no more the church. Right now is the wife. Amen. The wife has made herself ready. You'll be introduced to the groom. When you introduce to the groom and they said, "We going to the the the the the supper. We going to the the the the party. We going to the party. We will all come back again. We all set up going to the party. The groom has already took his wife and his arm, honey." So now God you you are working with God like this. Hallelujah. God arm is like this. And the church, the bride, the wife, no more bride, but now the wife, the garment is walking and the groom shining light and the sh that light through around the wife. So that power that God has is right shining on you. Who can be against you? Hallelujah. That's the greatest the greatest. It's not a story. It's reality. God arms is like this. And your arm, your arms, you know the ladies, you know the ladies, how you put your arm here. I don't know cuz I haven't be a lady before cuz you know how you put your arms around your husband, right, honey? Hallelujah. You understand? So now God is working like this and you are is working with you. Hallelujah. Anybody that does does anything to you, God doesn't have to speak. He just go like this. He just have a product because it's the power. He has all the power. God can look at you and you met you will not exist because he created you. He can make you b the same way that you were like he did he did to Satan. Satan was a bluff and he said today I'm going to tell you to be a snake and rather he tell him to be a snake. That's not that's not a lie. That's real. So when God said I hate you, he hate you. He doesn't he just because when God speak so he just look he don't bother God to speak. He just look and that's why Satan scared of you. The only way Satan can bomb you unless you give your power to him. If you give your power to Satan, then is your own self. But if you maintain what God has given to you, you are invisible. Invisible wife. Aren't you happy to be a wife of God? Every lady want to have a powerful mind to get married so that he can protect him. He can protect her. Right? You ladies, am I right or not? Every lady want protection. Hallelujah. So if he marry a lady don't want a a a a husband that somebody's coming to ber and and he just look he want the lady defend the man too. It doesn't work. Every lady want a man who can get down from my wife. What do you want? You want to face face me and he will stand beside you. Then after you finish Kofi, you did a great job. Hallelujah. I thought you scared too. Hallelujah. I am a man. A man. God is man. God created man and man to take care for the wife. So God knew that he going to take care for his wife. So God is taking care for you right now. Not tomorrow. Right now he's taking care of you. Okay? So be patient with God. He hasn't finished with you yet. God bless you. I'm sorry with this mambbo words. I'm sorry for my ashing from the beginning. Uh, I know I'm not a a good preacher, but I did what God placed in my heart for you. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I know the Lord will make a way for me. I know the Lord will make a way for [Music] me a holy light. Shine around and do the right. I know the Lord will make a way for me. Let's sing one more time. I know the Lord will make a way for me. I know that the Lord will make a way for me. Yeah. I the only light shine around and do that. I know the Lord will make your way for me. Hallelujah. You hear the word of God. This mumble words. It's a broken words. That's where I am. I have no education. All I have is Christ. And I can express him the way he show me. And I can express him my African way. If I if you understand my language, I will speak my language. Hallelujah. Thank you. But thank God, he has made us the same. There's [Music] nobody anyone. We are all God's children. Hallelujah. How many have a a a a a a request that you want me to pray for you? Hold that request in your heart. God knows your needs. Father, let's everybody stand in presence of God. Hallelujah. I'm sorry. If you can stand, stand. If you see God will heal you. Hallelujah. Father, here is your children. And you said the healing is the children's bread. Father, you will never lose patience. You are the greatest physician that never lose patience. Father, go through their heart, in their mind, and your soul. Let them esteem and chew your word of God and hold on their faith that you have given to them and receive what they are asking for right now. Father, I cannot give it to them but you can give it to them. Oh God, let them see you by your action. Hallelujah. As you told them, go to the mberry h tree. I will speak you there. When you see that tree is shaking, you are there. Hallelujah. Lord, meet every knee for their lives and let them give you a testimony and say, "See what the Lord has done for me." Lord, when you were there physically, no one ever lose your presence and go out without receiving what they ask for, Father. and I ask you meet every need in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ I pray. Amen and amen. Um Amen. Uh the brothers are going to Africa. All those who are going to Africa for Paul is going to marriage in Africa. Let let them come in the front. Let let us pray for them so that the Lord will take them. Paul has a a wife. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord that he's going to come back. You as a mother go and stand there too. Yeah. Okay. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Ab come. Hallelujah. Yes. Brothers, let us pray for them for God to take them back. And by the time they come, you see how they work. Paul, you have to start walking like this. Hallelujah. Amen. Hold one another hand. Yes. Praise God. Brothers, do you hold a hand there? Let me hold your hand. You hold your hand. Let us pray for them. And brother Chris, pray for them. Gracious God and heavenly father. Lord, thank you Lord. Thank you Lord for your grace Lord and stand to find our dear precious brother Paul. Amen. this life journey together Lord as husband and wife to join together matrimony I pray God that you go with them Lord Lord and their family as they go Lord give them traveling verses Father bless them take them safe Lord bring them back safe Lord all the planning the ceremony and everything in full Remember our dear precious brother. Hallelujah. Lord, you saw it fit Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Precious my sister Mary Lord. Lord, God virtues continue to raise up Lord. Yes Lord. All be together rejoicing Lord as a family Lord for us. Lord make all the provisions necessary for this time Lord as they go make us and bring them back Lord Father we commit them into your hands for safety. Amen. And we rejoice with them. Hallelujah. They come back and Paul and his dear precious wife come back. Thank you Jesus. Lord together as one Lord reminding us Lord Father one day we're coming for your wife Lord. Hallelujah. take us home Lord to have that marriage supper Lord and as they rejoice together Lord just be with him all into your hands in Jesus name. Amen. Go in peace. Hallelujah. Thank you. God bless you. May be seated. Phillip, you have some announcements. Praise the Lord. Amen. Who did enjoy that message today? Amen. What our brother was saying is more than events being made clear by vindicated prophecies. We had a prophet that came and could tell us tomorrow news. You can go and tell others what's happening tomorrow because that prophet came and it's been revealed to you what has been prophesied and we are living in that prophecy right now. You listen to the news, you see what the events that's happening around the world. Amen. Your eyes have been open up to it. Amen. And and the word says when you see these things happening, these prophecies that been fulfilled, look up, your redemption is drawing nigh. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. So that give our brother a round of applause. Amen. God would bless him. Go continue to anoint him and use him as an oracle of God. Amen. Amen. Everyone has their own particular specific gift that God has placed. Amen. And that's how our brother expressed himself. Amen. Enjoy this long weekend. Amen. We have the youths up in Quebec. Amen. Um there some brethren went I believe it's a wedding and some on vacation and stuff like continue to remember our dear precious brother Kofi and pray. Amen. If you know of anyone that needs prayer, just continue to remember them. Amen. God bless you, saints. We have our Bible study here on Wednesday. Our prayer service is on Friday night. So, God richly bless you all. Amen. Um, Sister Vanessa, do we have a nursing home coming up soon, July? Okay. So, and those announcements, anything that is necessary will be posted on the board. you get a text and email. If you have changed your uh phone number or your email address or anything like that, you just notify one of the deacons. Amen. So you can be updated in all the things that happening around the church. Amen. So God richly bless you all. Enjoy the evening. Amen. The rest of the day and the good weather. Amen. It's cooler now. We had a couple hot days before. Amen. So God bless you. I just hand it over to brother Anthony if you would dismiss us with a song. Amen. And God bless you. The church triumphant. Are you in the Savior's bread and [Music] be forever more? Have you been baptized into the body? Baptized with the Holy Ghost. There is but one way to get to just as they did on the empty cross. Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the savior's ground baptiz? And forever [Music] more. When the bride comes, will you be ready? And your vest all filled and bright. You will be a mountain today if you do not walk in the Are you ready? Are you the church? You're [Music] dismissed into the body. I'm forever more. Oh, there is but one church brighting to it. You're all baptized. I want you from his holy spirit. Oh, by the word with all this. Are you? Are you in the church? Are you in a sizing to my forever more? Are you ready? Are you ready? I am. Are you the savior's crying the body and forever more? There's a great change since I was there's a great change since I was born. Great Jesus house. There's a great Jesus. All the things I used to do, I don't do that. And the things I used to say, I don't say that anymore. The places I used to go there. Been a great shame since I was born. Been a great [Music] [Applause] [Music] chases I used to go. I don't things I used to do. I don't see them no more. Places I used to go. I don't know. The great chase inside. Oh, a great chase inside. has been a dream she since I was born has been a [Music] dream since I was a great since I was Oh, this be wonderful. [Music]
