################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - This Third Pull Manifestation Brings Us To Higher Ground (The Power Of Tradition - Part 15) - Tim Beers.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-01
Title:   This Third Pull Manifestation Brings Us To Higher Ground (The Power Of Tradition - Part 15)
Speaker: Tim Beers
Church:  Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kr-3iD-bUdo
========================================

Description:
Minister Tim Beers 
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Let your love fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change your hearts as we stand on your word, Holy Spirit. Rain as we all stand this morning. Welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your [Music] presence. Fill us with your power and live inside of me. Welcome Holy Spirit. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, take complete [Music] [Applause] control. Oh, [Music] welcome. Oh, we are in your presence. [Music] We never worship you. Holy Spirit, holy one. [Music] [Music] Oh, we are in your presence. Fill us with [Music] your live inside [Music] of I am thine. Oh Lord, I have heard thy voice and it spoke thy love to me. But I long to rise in the arms of thee and be closer drawn to thee. Oh, draw me [Music] nearer. Oh, nearer. Blessed Lord to the cross where thou [Music] was [Music] near blessed to thy preious. Sing the second [Music] verse to thy service by the power of Christ. And let my soul look up with a steadfast and my will be lost in the blessing to the cross [Music] Thous draw [Music] me to thy preious leading and I just want to be where you are. Everybody just lift your hands and worship him. They're living daily in your presence. And I don't want to worship from [Music] afar. Draw me near to where you are. Oh, I just want to be where you are. [Music] Hallelujah. Living daily in your praise. How many can say this next? I don't want to worship from afar. Draw me near to where you are. In your presence. [Music] That is where I want to be. I just want to be I just want to be with you. Anybody? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] I'm pressing on the upward way. You got some G every day. Still praying on Lord my I'm pressing on. I'm pressing on the upward way. You had some every day still pray my feet on high. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] desire to stay. Come on now. Where doubts arise and fears dismay no where these abide. I pray my is [Applause] nothing. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat [Music] up here. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] When I woke up this morning, I didn't have any down. [Applause] [Music] There [Music] is victory [Applause] today. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Now, now that is the fact. And if you want to believe something different this morning, that's your problem. But you don't have to believe un have unbelief. You can just say, "Victory indeed is mine. It don't matter how I feel. It don't matter the circumstances. Victory is mine. Not because of my strength, not because of my prayer life, not because of any, but because he's here and I belong to him. I don't you know brother sister I I don't know how I how I belong to him. I don't know why why I belong to him but all I know is that I belong to him you settled. Amen. Not worthy but the worthy one has made me worthy has made you worthy this morning. We ought to praise the Lord this morning. We ought to praise him. We ought to give him the glory. We ought to give him the praise. [Music] Hallelujah. We ought to uh be free this morning. We're free from uh as we've been hearing it from tradition. And we're free from co culture. Whether it's your natural culture or the message culture or the the rules and the regulations and all these things. We're free people. Praise God. Why are we free? Because he's come and made us free. He's lifted us higher. Amen. Praise is what? And again, praise the Lord. All his doing, we give him all the glory this morning. If you have a need this morning though because uh one of these days we're leaving here. But until then, my there is such turmoil. But we're trusting in the Lord. And blessed is the man that puts his trust in the Lord. Was on my coffee mug this morning. Praise God. And it is true. Um we're remembering brother Coffee. All right. Remember him? He had a little uh trouble this week. He was home and then he had a fall and and uh but he's He's in the hospital again, but everything is good. All is well. He's on the mend again. Um the devil is just trying to, how would you say, uh uh fight against the word that has gone forth that the brother is well. So that's good. Let him fight all he wants. Brother Coffee is on his on the men, but remember him in prayer. As the saints gather around, fire some some bullets in the direction of that old devil and say, "Satan, hands off. Hands off." And it matters to you because he's part of the body. Amen. Psalmist said, um, I read it this morning. Oh, may not be able. Oh, here it is. He said,"I will sing unto the Lord as long as I live. I will sing praise to my God while I have being. And my meditation of him shall be sweet. Shall not be judgment. Shall not be any shall be sweet. I will be glad in the Lord." How many are glad in the Lord? Hallelujah. Someone say, "Hallelujah." Hallelujah. F please. I sing praises to your [Music] name, oh Lord. Praises to your [Music] name. Hallelujah. For your name is great and greatly to be praised. I sing praises to your name, oh Lord, praises to your [Music] name, for your name is great and [Music] greatly. The next verse, I give glory. We give glory to your name, oh Lord. Glory to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. I give praise to you. [Music] Lord, glory to your name. Hallelujah. Is there another verse? We give worship. We want to worship the Lord this morning. We give worship to your name, oh Lord. We worship for you, oh Lord, for your name is great and great. Hallelujah. In the name of Jesus Christ, we give glory to your name. [Music] [Applause] Glory and glory friend and praise to him. Hallelujah. Let's all stand up. Oh, our gracious eternal God. You alone deserve our worship. You are here this morning to glorify thy name, to exalt thee, to give you all the glory and the honor because you alone is worthy to receive and to open that back. There the cry went out there's no one worthy but you Lord and father you were wired to worship the Lord Jesus Christ. And our purpose on this earth here is to be worship you Lord. Anything contribute anything unlike that we cast it out in the name of Jesus. We are here with one purpose in our heart to lift up the name of Jesus Christ on high to let everybody know that our Lord is good. We thank you and we love you and we appreciate you from the bottom of our heart. We say thank you Lord for the breath you given to us for even opportunity to be here to give you all the glory and the honor and the praise. We magnify thy name the only true living God our savior lord Jesus Christ. We are thankful this morning that you are in our midst today to to lift up your name on high to worship you and to give it our all in all to one and the only Lord Jesus Christ. Father, may you bless our pastor, our brother Tim as he comes and bring the word forth in power and demonstration of the Holy Ghost. May you take him aside and use him once more as you used in the past. But Lord, we want our manner for today. Lord, you know what the people needs. Father, may you take his mouth and speak to our knees that no one will leave here the same way they came. May they leave here, Lord, and more drawing closer to the Lord Jesus Christ. That's our purpose here to receive that word of God to dress more to you. Oh God, bless him as he bring the word. Oh God, we thank you for songs of Zion, our precious brother Mike and the musicians that you continue to use them and bring and use them mightily Lord that the people sing from the depth of their heart to glorify thee and to exalt thee the only true living God. Father we pray for the deacons, the trustees, the ushers and every aspect of the service. Oh God you gave us a promise that by your stripes we were healed. Oh God, remember Braui wherever he is on the hospital bed. May you visit him, Lord. May you put some words in his heart. Reveal yourself more. Oh God, take away any doubt, any any doubt, anything from him, Lord. Strengthen him at this time, Lord. Oh God, looking forward, Lord, to see him here and doing be in his post of duty. Bless sister Mary, strengthen her at this time. and bless the rest of the family. Lord, Father, we thank you for the victory. May you bless all the visitors and oh God, everyone in our midst, Lord, we want to thank you, Lord, once more. You want to express our love to you again in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. All right, you can be seated for a moment. How many believe what brother Philip prayed is going to come to pass not just for brother coffee but everything in this uh building this this morning. How many want to see the Holy Spirit move? We welcome him. Amen. And sing I believe God. I believe God. Ask what you will and it shall be done. Trust and oy. I believe. I believe God. Oh, I believe I believe God. I believe God. That's what you trust in me. Heat. Heat. [Music] Just trust [Applause] me. I believe I believe for yesterday, today, forever. Jesus is the same. And all the change of Jesus never glory to his name. Glory to his name. Glory to his name. Yeah. Jesus never hold to his name. [Music] And I am resolved no longer to linger. Shine the [Music] world. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. will come to me. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. How many have noticed the uh things that are higher and the things that are nobler have allured your sight? It doesn't mean that we're not going to struggle, brother Phil. Doesn't mean you're not going to fight. But in the end, how many have noticed that in the end, the word always wins? If I'm speaking to somebody this morning, that's my testimony. Brother Gabriel is going to pray for us this this offering. Amen. This is a man who can testify of what I just said. Hallelujah. Yep. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. You're the only true living God who's given me alive. And every breath and every step that I take, it's you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for your love and your mercy. Bless this offering that you supplied for us, Lord Jesus. Thank you and bless every one of them who gives and even the one that cannot give. Like brother Coffee says, make a way for next time and bless them in Jesus Christ's lovely name. Amen and amen. Someone bless the Lord this morning. Lift your hand. Do something. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, we're going to sing this next song. Haven't sang it in a while. We're going to sing it hopefully to encourage somebody. And I trust you will sing it to encourage somebody. Even if you encourage yourself. All right. How many want to encourage themselves this morning? It's going to happen. You may be down and feel like God somehow [Music] forgotten that you are faced with circumstances you can't get through right now. It seems there's no way Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] God knows the things you're going [Music] through. See how your heart is broken. [Music] [Applause] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] He's a [Music] savior. You may not know how. I may not know. I may not know how. I may not [Music] know. But I know he'll do it. [Music] Yes, sir. Hallelujah. How many can say yes sir this morning? Say yes sir. Thank you Lord God. Hallelujah. Praise God. What are you talking about? I've seen it over and over and over again that he does. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. You know, I I had a good week this week. How many had a good week this week? Doesn't mean you didn't have troubles and trials, but um in the financial sense, he saved me a ton of money. Praise God. Not once, but twice this week. Twice in one week, he saved me a pile of money. I just thought, praise God. He knows how to do it real fine. But I find the windows of heaven are open. I find the blessings are falling. Praise God. And what are we to do? Stand to our feet. Hallelujah. Amen. Stand to your feet. Be flattered. And we're to worship the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords and thank him for his goodness. Of it all. Hallelujah. When I look into your holiness, and when I gaze into your love flame, when all things that surround become shadows in the light of you. When I found the joy, when I found the joy of reaching your [Music] heart, when becomes control your all things that surround. [Music] Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord of this world. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] for the reason [Music] I look into your office one more [Music] time. Look into your holiness. [Music] When I gaze into your love, when all things that surround become shadows in the light. When I found the joy of reaching your heart. And my will becomes enthralled in your all things that [Music] surround. I worship you. I worship [Music] you. I worship you. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] The reason is to praise him. There is a fountain filled with blood draw [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Ready for the word this morning. Sing the second verse. [Music] [Applause] The [Music] [Music] [Music] message. Heat. Heat. [Music] our soul. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. And there may I there may I But he washed all my sins away. Hallelujah. The precious blood shall never lose its power. never lose his power to all the church, the bride of Jesus Christ, be saved to sin no more. And that will be when we're out of here. Amen. In the body change, we have power this morning. Power in the blood. Amen. Hallelujah. We want to tap into that. God bless you, saints. We want to tap into that this morning. Amen. The unseen presence of God. Hallelujah. That's what we come for. Amen. We come not to be seen, right? We come to connect with him. But you're already connecting with him. Amen. Your life, Amen, is is a living epistle read of all men. You're constantly in fellowship because the father is inside of you. The spirit of revelation is inside of you. It doesn't leave you when you leave this building. It's communicating with you. It's dealing with you. It's changing with you. It does more work outside this church than it does inside this church. Amen. But we come this morning, Amen, as another uh h vehicle that God can use this morning to speak to our hearts. Amen. Sometimes we we have things in our hearts that, you know, uh we could hide and we can ignore. We can get busy in life and things could happen. Amen. And we don't get in contact with that still small voice and we come in here that the Holy Spirit may speak. Amen. Not brother Tim, not my voice that you're hearing over the microphone, but his voice. Amen. Hallelujah. Have you ever been there when the Holy Ghost is speaking to you? Sometimes I feel like I'm the only one. I'm exposed. Amen. When the word is coming forth. May that happen this morning. May the Holy Spirit speak to our hearts this morning. Amen. The letter killed, but the spirit gives it life. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. We're good to be here this morning. Everything is good. God is good. Amen. And everything is good with us. I don't care what you're going through, what circumstances, everything is good. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Let us turn to the word this morning. I was preparing a message and I had it done and I went downstairs last night and all of a sudden everything changed. My wife is going, "Why are you going back upstairs? You were just up there for most of the day." I got to go upstairs. Everything changed again. Right. So, I don't know. It's not finished. I don't know why it changed, but God knows why it changed. Amen. Hallelujah. So, we want to go to Hebrews 10:19, Colossians 3:1, Philippians 3:13. And my title this morning is this. This third pull manifestation brings us to a higher ground. All that came to me was higher ground. Amen. We must go to higher ground. That's the only purpose why we're here is to go to higher ground. Amen. We want to get so high in the revelation of the word of God that is going to change our bodies. Amen. Hallelujah. Hebrews 10:19. You pray for me. You operate your faith because faith operates the gift. So, you're going to operate the gift this morning. If you're looking to me, then you're looking the wrong direction. Look to yourself. You're going to operate the gift this morning. All I have to do is yield myself and you operate the gift. And what you come to expect, what your faith is expecting this morning, you'll receive. If your faith is not expecting anything, you're not going to receive nothing. Hallelujah. Amen. That's the way it is, my brothers and sisters. Hallelujah. Hebrews 10:19. Having therefore, brethren, boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus, by a new and living way which he has consecrated for us through the veil, that is to say, his flesh, and having a high priest over the house of God. This is the high pri. This is the house of God right here. We got a high priest over the house of God. Amen. Let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience, and our bodies washed with pure water. Let us hold fast the profession of our faith without wavering. For he is faithful that promised. Amen. Let us turn to Colossians 3:1. Amen. Man, this word of God is so rich. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Colossians 3:1. If ye then be risen with Christ, seek seek those things which are above. where Christ siteth on the right hand of God. Set your affections on things above, not on things of the earth. For ye are dead. Wow. We're dead. And your life is hid with Christ in God. When Christ who is our life shall appear, then shall ye also appear with him in glory. Hallelujah. Philippians 3:13. We are dead. Brother Brham said that corpse, you know, you go up to a corpse and you hit it, you say what you want to it, it doesn't react. It doesn't move. It has no feelings. Has no emotion. He's totally dead. He and the Bible says we are dead. There's nothing of the world. Philippians 3:13, "Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehend it, but this one thing I do, forget in those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before. I press towards the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. Oh, we press forward. Amen. I'm pressing on to higher ground. Amen. Hallelujah. Is that your desire this morning? Is that your hunger and your thirst to press higher? Amen. Hallelujah. Let us pray. Father, Lord Jesus, we come before your throne, oh God, not of ourselves, Father, not worthy of ourselves, not able to do anything, Lord. But we come this morning, Lord, both speaker and hearer, to get out of the way, Father, that the Holy Ghost may come now. You have placed the word with inside of us. You place gifts with inside of us. You place faith with inside of us, Lord. Now may the one who have given us this blessed assurance come and operate this morning, Lord. Lord, that we may hear the word of God and that our hearts may burn within us, oh God. Lord, we have nothing within ourselves. We can do nothing, but we can do all things through Christ who strengthens us this morning. Father, come Lord Jesus and manifest yourself. Lord, we surrender ourselves. bind every contrary spirit, every unbelieving spirit, Father, that would hinder the Holy Ghost from having the preeminence this morning. Lord, I commit myself to thee, Father. I commit the word to you, the people to you. Now, we take no thought what we would say, but in that hour, your heavenly father will speak through you. Come and honor your word now, Father, in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you as you're seated. Hallelujah. By faith. You don't realize, my brothers and sisters, that um a minister walks up here by faith. He prepares a message. I got a message prepared here, but that ain't nothing. A minister walks up here by faith. Believe in God. Hallelujah. Because what you have need of in this hour is not just a regular church. There's many churches along the strip here everywhere and they're preaching their sermons this morning. But what we have need of this morning can't not come from man. This is a word that has been given through a real prophet in these last days. Allelujah. a perfect faith word, a perfect manifestation of Christ himself. Amen. And only he himself can come and bring us to the another level and bring us higher this morning. Hallelujah. Only he can lift our faith this morning. He is the one that started the work. He's the one that is doing the work. And he is the one that's going to finish the work in us. And that work is perfect faith. Amen. Bringing us to a perfect realization of who we are in this hour. Hallelujah. Amen. You know, I I was I was like I said, everything changed for me and I came across and it's been on my heart for a while. The high calling. I believe there's no greater high calling than what we got. The bride of Jesus Christ, Amen, is sitting in a position, the highest position that is on this earth today. Hallelujah. There is no higher position that is given out to man or woman in this hour than this high calling. But this high calling comes with a price. Hallelujah. Amen. This high calling don't mix with anything. Just like the word of God can't mix with nothing. Hallelujah. That's why when we come into the house of God, I don't know about all these other churches. Amen. But when we come into a true house of God where the true word is being preached, this is the judgment house. Amen. This is the judgment seat where we're sitting this morning. I'm not going to judge you. Amen. But the word of God, Amen. Jesus Christ himself is here to judge us. Amen. And this is the time that we're being judged because over there there is no judgment for the bride of Jesus Christ. She's going to receive all her judgment. Amen. And this morning, you're going to receive your judgment this morning. Hallelujah. You're going to receive it. You're going to accept it. Amen. And you're going to let the Holy Ghost and the work of God be done in your life. This high calling is a great calling. Is a great sacrifice. Amen. Hallelujah. And and as the scripture says, we are dead. Amen. And Paul says, "I die daily." This is a a death that's taken place. And you wonder why the word of God comes forth and it it shaves things off of your life. It it it hits things off of your life. Even the good things of life, the good pleasures of life, the word of God comes and speaks right into your heart and wants to shave those things off and cut those things off of your life because God is molding and shaping you. And that's what's taking place, my brothers and sisters. And those who will come out of the other side into the rapture into this perfection, amen, are those that are predestinated that had the seed of God that can accept the word of God. Amen. Accept the judgments of God, accept the word of God that's coming forth in their lives that has molded them and shaping them. Not everybody can. Not everybody can take this word of God and apply it to their lives. Not everybody can take this word of God and put it into their hearts. Amen. And let it have the preeminence and let God rule and control them. Not everybody, Amen, cannot lean to their own understanding and their own ways and die out to all those things. You think it's easy to die out to yourself? If you're playing religion and you're playing church and you're playing message believer, then it's okay. It's not too hard. Amen. Then the spirit say, because thou has chosen the harder way, you have chosen my way. That is my way to go the harder way. It's always been the harder way, my brothers and sisters. Hallelujah. And here we are at the end time. Here we are, my brothers and sisters in 2025. Prophecies being fulfilled out there in the world. Things coming into a place that we have read in in the message of the hour. Prophecies that we have seen come to pass in in in the message of the hour. The pope coming out of America prophesied when that will happen. Then then the mark of the beast which we we already know through a prophet is here. But then it will come into action. Then it will come into manifestation. And if that is right here right now, then where is the bride of Jesus Christ? Amen. I'm not talking about the message and and believers all around the world. I'm talking about the bride who's coming out of the message. Who's coming out of all these churches around the message? the bride of Jesus Christ that that particular life peculiar life that life that is being dealt with with God. Amen. Now listen. Hallelujah. I'm just going as the spirit will lead me. If God has called you to be really like Jesus Christ in all your spirit, not just part of your spirit. This ain't a part religion. This ain't a part surrender to God. I'll give God this part and that part of my heart, this part of my life and that part of my life. No. No. God don't mess around with that. Either you come full surrender to God. Maybe you can't or you don't know how to surrender everything. But when a heart comes to a place, Lord, take my life, take my heart, take everything, then that's a different story, my brothers and sisters. If he has really called you in all your spirit and that's a big thing right there, traditions, culture, my ways, who I am, my personality. This is the way I do things. This is the way I deal with things. I say things. But if God has really called you in all your spirit, he will draw you in to a life of crucifixion. It's not a life of pleasure. It's not a life of patting you on the back. It's a life of crucifixion, my brothers and sisters. It's a it's a death that's taking place constantly in your spirit dying out so that when you die more and you empty more, he fills more. Everybody wants to be filled with the Holy Ghost, but nobody wants to die out to themselves. Everybody wants the word of God to manifest through their lives and the power of God to manifest through their life and through their prayer life. But nobody wants to consecrate. Nobody wants to dedicate. Nobody wants to surrender their lives to the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. A life of crucifixion and humility. Humility. He will humble you. He knows how to humble you. Make you like nothing. You think he wants to lift you up. You think he wants to make you popular. He You think he wants to give you a big name above all names? We see it taking place. That's not what he said. But he'll keep you small and humble. He'll let other people do the work that you get the credit for the work that you're doing. so that Lord so that in the shade he can produce fruit. He knows how to hide us away. He knows what's best for our lives. We might think we want this and we're praying for this and that, but he knows what's best for us. He has a purpose in our lives. He has a portion of word. He said, "My word won't return void, but it will accomplish." He'll turn the world upside down. So that portion of that word inside of you can accomplish and bring forth because it's him. He can't deny himself. Hallelujah. He is swore by himself. Everything is by himself. Everything is in and through Christ. Do we understand what I'm saying here? Hallelujah. Or is it just words? Hallelujah. He'll put such strict demands of obedience such strict demands of obedience upon your life. Not when you want to obey. Not when it's convenient for you to obey. No. But he'll put that strict demand of obedience upon you. Is the Holy Ghost dealing with your life in this form? As we read the word, as we go through it, I hope you find yourself in this place with God that the Holy Spirit is dealing with your life in this way. If not, you need to get praying because the hour is late. Hallelujah. to know where you stand, to know who you are, to know that you are in that capstone, that you are in that rapture. Amen. I don't want to be in a place where I don't know. This is the hour where God has given the revelation that we will know. Amen. The bride will know who she is. She will recognize who he is and who she is in this hour. That's the place I want to be in. But that place doesn't come easy. Amen. With Christ. It's the harder way. I'll put strict demands of obedience upon you. God demands respect. God demands obedience to his people. Hallelujah. that he will not allow you to follow other Christians. No way. Not to a true son and daughter of God. And every way that is so wrong. Every way because we are individuals. God deals with us as individuals. the way God moves and the spirit moves in my life and he deals with me because I have a character. I have a personality. I have weaknesses and I have flaws and God knows how to deal with those better than I know how to deal with them. Frankly, I don't know really how to deal with them. I just surrender my life to him and let him deal with them. Hallelujah. Sometimes I say, "Ouch." I say, "Lord, it hurts. Lord, I'm waiting. How long? How long must I suffer these things? Amen. But I trust and believe. I've seen him over the last 33 years bring me through so many things. Amen. And take so many bad and ugly things in myself and make it work for my good. Amen. And turn it for my good. Amen. Was it easy? No, it wasn't easy. It was the harder way. Hallelujah. A rebuke from the Lord is not easy. My brothers and sisters, it breaks you sometimes. It breaks your spirit. Hallelujah. It can break your heart sometimes. A rebuke from the Lord. But then it molds you. It shapes you. It builds you back up. Amen. It restrengthens you. God doesn't only a a surgeon that cuts, but he heals. Amen. And he makes you better than you were before. Sometimes you get surgery out there. Hallelujah. the best doctors, the best surgeons. I've been through it. Amen. Major surgery. And sometimes they do their best they can and it doesn't turn out the way it's supposed to be. Amen. But when God does surgery on us, oh hallelujah. God's hands goes into us. Amen. We're not we're we're not worse than where we were before. We're not okay, but we are better. Amen. We are healed and we are totally delivered and we are totally changed and set free when he operates on us. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. He won't allow you to follow other Christians. In many ways, he will seem to let other good people do things which he will not let you do. Hallelujah. That's why, let me politefully say this. I don't care what you're doing. I don't care what you're doing in your life. That's your business. The Bible says, "Mind your own business. Do your own business." It's not in my business how God is dealing with your life. And I ain't going to take your business and how God is dealing with your life and apply it to my life because God is dealing with my life the way he does he deals with my life. And that's all I'm concerned about. I love you. I pray for you. Those who know me, which most of you do, you know my character. You know my ministry outside of standing here, but this I don't care about anything else but how what God is doing in my life. And I think if we mind our own business sometimes, Amen. It it would cut the spirit of gossip. Sometimes we don't realize I don't gossip. Oh, brother so and so, you know, this and that or sister so and so this. You know, just like Job, we still got those Job uh friends hanging around those Job believers, you know, his friends. Maybe maybe this happened to this person or this believer because there's secret sin. What is it any of your business even if there is secret sin there? Hallelujah. It's none of your business anyways. You pray for them. If you're discerning anything, if God has shown you anything, then he trustes you. And he trustes that you'll keep your mouth shut and you'll bring it into prayer and you'll hit that spirit and you'll pray for that brother and sister that they'll come out of that sin and be delivered from that sin. We don't realize when we open our mouths. Amen. We are we're supposed to be a family uh united together under the word of God here. That grace and atmosphere when we come together. But when we yap our mouths off in in outside of these walls and we bring it into here, you bring those spirits into here and you hinder the atmosphere of the word of God. My brothers and sisters, it's not good. It's a fearful thing to fall in the hands of God. Amen. That's why I said, "Touch not my oil. do my prophets and the ones that are anointed no harm. We need to have that respect. Amen. We have that kind of respect for one another and for God. God moves. Things happen. Things change. He's pleased. His spirit is pleased to come in the midst of people like that. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Sometimes we'll get blessed attractions. Oh, you know, they looked at Judas. Amen. When Judas went off to do what he was supposed to do, betrayed the other the other apostles didn't know it was Judas, they all said, "Is it I? Is it I? Is it I?" They were surprised it was Judas. Sometimes we're surprised. those who put a pious face on, religious faith. Oh, you might hide. Like I said, I'm just let being led by the Holy Spirit. You might hide, but the Holy Ghost knows. He knows you're naked before him. I would not dare come into the presence of God and before the minister of God that's speaking the word of God and not have my heart repented. I spend more time cleansing my heart so that I may come into his presence. You can't come into his presence. You can't enter into his presence with things in your heart. Things that you said, things that you done, things that you got to make right before God. You can't Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The Holy Spirit will put such strict watch on you with a jealous love and will rebuke you for little words. Some people still swearing. Believe in the message of of the hour. Cursing and swearing in many different forms and ways. putting the husband down, putting the wife down, degrading them in many different ways. But the Holy Ghost here says if you got the Holy Ghost, it will rebuke you for little words. That's not big words, little words. The apostles were men of few words. If you can't say something positive, you can't say something uplifting, you can't say something that's inspired by the Holy Ghost inside of you, don't say nothing at all. It's better just to keep it shut. Hallelujah. These are not in my notes. I'm just following what this Holy Spirit is doing. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And feelings. Feelings. We keep feelings. Hallelujah. Little feelings. Sometimes things happen, things are said. Maybe maybe uh a a a a moment happens between you and a brother or sister or even some people at work. It's not only your brothers and sisters or your husband and your wife. People at work. Oh, it's okay for me to be racist against people out there at work because they are who they are, but against my brothers and sisters, Noah, it it's wrong. It's okay for me to feel this way about somebody out there because they're sinners and that's their nature and that's what they do. It's okay for me to feel these things and keep these spirits on me. But the Holy Ghost said it'll rebuke you for little words. It'll rebuke you for those little feelings. Listen, it's without spot. It's without wrinkle that God is preparing a bride in this hour. Hallelujah. He's preparing a bride. He's He's molded and shaping a bride. That's what this faith in this hour will do. Hallelujah. Amen. for wasting your time, wasting our time, being busy with so many things. I understand we got to clean our house. I understand we got to go to work, but oh busy. You come in the house of the Lord from the morning from even from Friday night prayer meeting. That's why I always say my brothers and sisters, keep it in prayer. Amen. You're you're doing the dishes Saturday. You're cutting the lawn Saturday, but you're praying. Amen. You're preparing your heart. Hallelujah. You don't go watch TV Saturday night. Watch your favorite program and then go to bed and say, "Father, bless the service and the speaker tomorrow and the song leader and just have your way and and speak to my heart. Where is the consecration gone in this hour? How many of us, Amen, spent the weekend with our mind on Christ, our mind on the word of God this morning? How many of us this morning are prepared to move into the presence of God? You don't come in here with busyness, with nothing, no consecration and dedication, no connection with God and expect to come in his presence. You come in here in his presence. You come in here speaking to him. You hear his voice before he you come into here. You're consecrated. You know your faith has gone to such a level that you're going to meet with him. Amen. And he's going to speak with your heart this morning. You know that you contribute to the service this morning. Your prayers, your consecration, maybe your little dedication of fasting. God sees it all. Well, God knows I'm busy. God knows I'm just going to say it plain. God knows I can't pray. God knows I can't prepare myself for service. But his grace is so sufficient for me that and he loves me so much. What kind of spirit is that? That's the spirit out there. He loves me so much that you know he's going to bless me. He's going to bless me. Hallelujah. Wasting your time which other Christians never seem distressed over. They don't. Hallelujah. distressed over not only wasting their time, it seems like they're not distressed over anything anymore. So, make up your mind. Make up your mind. Come to a place of decision. Are you going to be double-minded all your life? A double-minded person is unstable in all their ways. A person that can't make up their mind. Make up your mind what you want to do. If Christ this word be God, then serve him with all your heart, with all your mind, with all your soul, with all your strength, with everything that God's that's in with inside of you. Serve him. Now, you might not be at a place where you've given it all to him because he has to come and take it. But in your heart, you have made up your mind that Lord, come. Whatever it's going to take in my life, whatever you're going to have to put me through, I'm going through. Amen. I started out with Jesus and I am going through. Amen. I believe there's people right here today that have passed the point of no return. I believe they've already made up their mind. I believe they're going through I believe they've gone through that process and going through that process of surrendering their lives. And all that is happening is a more of a surrender, a more of a yielding, a more of the Holy Ghost in filling them. But listen, we got to catch those that are still in the fire. We are still here. And we got to preach the word of God like somebody's not in yet. Somebody hasn't made that decision. Hallelujah. So God can take a hold of their life. Amen. And breakthrough. You got to break through all the unbelief. The word of God has got to come forth and chop and break it all. Hallelujah. Maybe you've been indoctrinated. Maybe in your past you believe it a certain way to serve God a certain way but God is trying to show you no you got to come my way. Hallelujah. Make up your mind that God is infinite sovereign and he has a right to do as he please with his own. He has a right to do what he please with his own. Hallelujah. Oh no, no, you can't. You can't do that, Lord. You can't move in these areas, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And he will not explain to you a thousand things that may puzzle your reasoning in his dealings with you. Oh, that's a big one. Most of our prayers are, Lord, why is this happening to me? Why am I going through all these things that I'm going through? Why do you want to know? What is it going to do to you? You're in a midst of a big trial. You're in a midst of a big situation. You're in a moment. What is it going to do if God explains to you what what is actually going on? How is it going to help you? When he he he tells you to trust him, we're supposed to trust him. We put our our life into his hands. Amen. We have faith and believe that God, amen, is going to honor his word. And he said, "All things will work together for my good." I don't need to understand what I'm going through, but I know it's going to work for my good. I know I'm going to grow through it. I know I'm going to come to higher ground through it. I know my faith is going to increase. I know more of God is going to be present in my life through it. So why do I need to understand it? All it does is confuse your mind. All it does then it works on your fear. It works on your emotion. It works on your 10 senses. Amen. Then doubt starts coming in. reasoning starts coming in because you opened up that channel for that. Settle it. He says, "Stle it forever." That he's not going to explain to you a thousand reasons why he deals with you the way he deals with you. Just have faith and believe God and move forward and press forward. Amen. He delivered you. Amen. Hallelujah. That's why all these stories in the Bible, the Red Sea, the lion's den, Amen. Joseph in the pit, all these things are for our faith. Amen. Amen. To believe that whatever it is in our lives, whether it's one of those things that happened to us, no matter what it is, my brothers and sisters, even in death, Amen. The worst thing that can happen to anybody on this earth is death. Even in death, there's victory. Hallelujah. for a child of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. With his dealings with you, God will take you at your word. Yes, he will. You raise your hand and you worship him. I believe you, Lord. I trust you, Lord. I have faith in you, Lord. I believe you're going to take me through everything, Lord. You're my healer. You're my deliverer. You're my savior. You're my everything, Lord. He'll take you at your word. He'll take you at your word. Amen. When these things come upon your life. Hallelujah. He'll take you at your word. I love you, Lord. You're my savior. I'll serve you all the days of my life. He'll take you at your word. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. And if you absolutely sell yourself, I might just be preaching on the high calling this morning. If you absolutely sell yourself to be his slave. What slave? I'm nobody's slave. Hallelujah. He will wrap you up in his jealous love and let other people see and do many things that you cannot do or say. Settle it. settle it forever. That you are to deal directly with the Holy Spirit and that he has a that he is to have the privilege of tying your tongue which we know in the scriptures the tongue is the most deadliest thing. Oh yes. Oh that serpent that serpent tongue. Oh Lord Jesus, help us all. Amen. Help us all. Amen. Hallelujah. The privilege of tying your tongue or chaining your hand or closing your eyes in ways others are not dealt with with now when you are so possessed with the living God that you are in your secret heart pleased. Oh my, that's another level of higher ground. That's another level of experience in our walk when you become pleased with the dealings of the Holy Spirit in your life in that area. Hallelujah. Amen. And delighted over his peculiar personal private jealousy guardianship and management of the Holy Spirit over your life. Then you have found the treasures of heaven. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. That was the first page. Well, I ain't going through all this, that's for sure. My Lord Jesus. Brother Brand is speaking here. The identified Christ of all ages. And until you come in behind that badger skin, until you get out of your old skin, your old thoughts, your old creeds, and come into the presence of God, then the word becomes a living reality to you. Hallelujah. That's what we want. That's why we serve God. David said, "I want to know the living God." Hallelujah. I don't want to know religion. I don't know. I don't want to know church. I want to know and come in contact with the living God. And he said when he he opened my understanding. He awakened me to this word of God in this hour. He made it known to me that he's a reality. That he's a living God and he's a God that wants to live and dwell in me in this vessel. That's the faith that I receive with the new birth. Amen. And then the process started beginning of that to be fulfilled in my life. Hallelujah. Then you are awakened to the shikina glory. You know, Moses knew all about his calling. He knew all about his religion. Amen. And he tried to do it on his own and he made a mess of it. We know the story. But when he came up to that pillar of fire, hallelujah, and he met the shakina glory, hallelujah, everything changed for Moses. Amen. And that's when everything changes for us. We must be born again. We must come in contact with that shakina glory, that pillar of fire in our lives. Hallelujah. Satan trying to get us to, you know, take substitutes. Hallelujah. Substitute in so many things for our walk with Christ, for this reality of God in our lives. Oh, the devil's a master. He He He can outsmart each and every one of us a million times over. He's a master of distraction. Hallelujah. This world is nothing but one big distraction out there. Hallelujah. And he takes your own life. He takes your own mind. He knows your personality. He knows your train of thinking. Amen. If your thinking has not been trained, he knows how you think. He knows how to pull your number. He knows how to that that that to get you into such a place. Amen. You wonder why? Why do I always end up in this place? Why do I always end up in this trial or this circumstances or this happens to me? You know why? Because your mind hasn't changed. Amen. And Satan knows. He knows how to pull your trigger. He knows how to bring the people, the circumstances, the bills. Amen. The right personality out there to pull on you. Amen. But the prophet got to such a place of humility and surrender to God. And God became so real to him that he became a hot potato in the hands. Hallelujah. Why? Because his mind was the mind of Christ. Hallelujah. The wind bloweth. You don't know where it listen where it goeth. Amen. But the mind of Christ takes control of your mind. Amen. And Satan cannot counterfeit that. He can't interpret that. He can't uh discern that. Not in a son and daughter of God. Because even a son and daughter of God when they're walking every single day, Amen. They're being led by the father. Amen. As Jesus said, I do nothing unless the father show me first. They are so surrendered to the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. They don't think a thought of their own, but they let the Holy Spirit give them the thought to speak. Hallelujah. Satan don't know what to do to do with a person like that that is so controlled by the Holy Spirit. Amen. Oh, but I'm at work. I, you know, I got to do it a certain way. I I got to do this or do that. Listen, listen. I ain't going to explain to you. If he's not going to explain to you a thousand ways that he deals with you, no preacher can tell you. Hallelujah. All I can tell you is what the word said. I don't care if you're at work. I don't care if you're over there, you're over there, wherever you are in life. Amen. The Holy Ghost, the word of God said he'll possess you. He'll speak through you in that hour. Give no thought that what you will say, but the father will speak through you in that hour. I'll give you words to say. I'll inspire you. I'll anoint you. Amen. Or I'll shut your mouth. Amen. Hallelujah. That's what I'll do. Hallelujah. No minister can explain how to put on this Christ, this life, this reality. All we can do is preach the truth. What what has been prophesied that will happen? What will come into manifestation in this hour when a person is surrendered to the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. Then the Bible becomes a new book. Then Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. We we have that saying right there. The biggest one of the biggest sayings in the message, right? You probably quoted it a million million times over and over. But have you really taken a look at it by experience with God? Has God give you an experience that he's the same yesterday? today and forever. Has he given you that experience that he's the same today? Hallelujah. You're living in his presence, eating his showbread that's only provided that day for believers, priests only. And we are priests, royal priesthood, holy nation, peculiar people, giving spiritual sacrifices to God. That's what we're doing. We're giving spiritual sacrifices to God. Are we giving our lives as a spiritual sacrifice to God every day, every moment of the day? Is he pleased with your sacrifice? When he's pleased with your sacrifice in your personal private life, he blesses it. He moves in your life. He moves all around you. He even causes your enemies to find favor with you. He moves this. He moves that. He orchestrates everything in your life to line up to bless you when he's pleased with your sacrifice. when you are bringing your sacrifices to him. I don't need to know your sacrifices. I don't need to you to tell me how much you pray and how much you fast. I don't need you to come before me and fellowship and quote quote quote quote scripture scripture scripture. Sometimes shut up. Seriously, be quiet. Sh. I know. I know it's tough, but this is the way God built me. God sees your sacrifice and he's pleased when you and him. What about a husband and wife? Their personal relationship is personal. It's between a husband and wife and nobody else. This the same way with Christ. He wants that personal relationship and love affair with you. When he spiritually makes love to you by revealing his word, his heart to you, he doesn't expect you to pour it out to everybody. He expects you to keep it personal between you and him. Hallelujah. And God is unveiled. That's his word manifest. The veil of tradition of unbelievers taken away. You see God when the veil of tradition has been removed, you can see that God is still God in his word. Oh, we've been preaching on it. Tradition power, the power of tradition because it's a powerful tool in the hands of Satan. Hallelujah. We don't know how to break these things, but when they come to our attention by the word of God, God inspiring these series that are coming through the five-fold ministry, it's your duty to get before God, to get serious before God and say, "Lord, show me." And if you're sincere, God knows your heart. God knows your heart. He knows your prayer. Oh, yeah. Yeah, they they speak a lot of words, but their hearts are far from me. You can't hide from God. You can pray like like an angel in front of me, but your heart God sees right into your heart. Your heart's far from God. You don't want God to deal with your heart. You don't want to open up all the doors of your heart to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Traditions have been removed. You can see that God is still real. He keeps his word. He's the God author of his word. That's that's him hid behind skin and veils himself to others. What I have been saying about the message of each age receiving from God from some of the original truths of Pentecost is a type out of the Old Testament where Moses was commanded to take up three and a half pints of mana and place it on the golden vessel behind the veil of the Holies of Holies. there the high priests. Every generation could enter in with a sacrificial blood. Then you could take a small portion of that mana for it did not corrupt which was part of the original and eat it. Now every age the messenger of the Lord to that age was given the revelation of God for a special period. Once the messenger was enlightened by truth, he would bring that truth to the people and they and they whose ears have been open by the spirit would hear that truth and they would believe that truth and they would live that truth. Hallelujah. Not only just believe God sent a prophet, believe that this is the word of God, but live the truth. Brother Brandham said, "It's not good enough to agree with the message." Hallelujah. To talk about the message, but you must become the message. This word is a living reality of God. Amen. That has been spoken through a prophet in this age. Amen. that has been prophesied for the bride to put on this word to be a living epistle read of all man. It's the harder way, not the easier way. It's the dying out way. It's not always the rejoicing way. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. We know of Matthew's 25, the kingdom, the 10 virgins, the five wise, the five foolish. I believe we're right into that manifestation right now in this hour. The virgins are here. The 10 virgins are here. Wise virgins, they have their oil. And the foolish virgin, they don't have the revelation. Hallelujah. And the scripture says that the the the foolish version is going to come to the wise version in this hour. Hallelujah. And say, "Give me some of that oil. Give me some of that life. Give me some of that revelation." Hallelujah. And the wise virgin is going to say, "I can't I can't give you this. Go and pray up. I don't want to be the one." Amen. You don't want to be the one that has been told by the spirit, go pray up because you got no oil, revelation in your lamp. This is 33 years. 33 years of God dealing with this vessel. God breaking it, falling, getting up, molding, shaping, correcting it. Amen. Dying out to it over and over, trial, testing, testing. Amen. And every time I overcome, there's victory. Every time I overcome, there's oil coming into my lamp. Amen. How can I give that oil? Amen. How can anybody give that oil? It's happening today in the message of the hour. It's happening right now. People found, yes, they're virgins. They believe this message is the pure word of God. They believe that the prophet is the word of God. And God, the word comes to the prophet. They believe all that. Amen. But that personal life that we're talking about this morning that the Holy Ghost is talking about, I'm not talking about it. He's talking about it. Hallelujah. My notes are not talking about it. The Holy Ghost is talking about it. Hallelujah. The hour is closing. The hour is at hand, my brothers and sisters. It's no time to waste. It's no time to be loose and lack and lazy. Amen. Just like Jesus said, "Oh, can we go build a house? Can we go bury the dead?" No. That's the hour we're living in. No distractions. everything in our lives. If it doesn't line up with the word of God and God's calling upon us, God's strict demands of obedience upon us, his dealings with our life, then it doesn't matter. It's pushed aside. Oh God, the bride of Jesus Christ sees one thing now. I believe that with all my heart, hallelujah, I'm not the only one seeing the little thing that I'm seeing, the little small portion that I'm seeing. I believe the bride of Jesus Christ all over the universe is seeing this and she's coming to a place by the Holy Ghost and pushing everything aside. Hallelujah. Everything out of her life. Nothing matters to her anymore. But that word to be completed. Listen, he spoke a word in this hour. He's determined. Hallelujah. It's not you that's determined. It's not you that's going to do it. It's not all your effort and how holy you are and how even consecrated you are, which though those things are good. He's determined. Hallelujah. He has spoken. He said, "My word won't return to me void." Hallelujah. That's why he'll turn your world upside down. That's why he'll do what he has to do. He'll take people away from your life. Amen. Death will happen all around you to get you to that place. Why? Because it's him. It's his word that won't return to him void. Heavens and earth will pass away, but my word cannot fail. It must be completed. Do we understand this? Do we see what we're talking about here? The reality of what we're talking about in this hour. Hallelujah. It's the word within us. Hallelujah. The pearl of great price, the diamond within us, the greatest treasure that the world has ever known, the life of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. That God in his grace, his sovereign grace, his love and his mercy would reach down his hand for a sinner like me. But even greater than that, that he would put me in his mind before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. That he would think of me back there. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. You keep praying. I'll keep preaching for a few more minutes. Hallelujah. We understand going through the series that I've been going through power tradition that the message is in two parts. Coming out and going in. A lot of people are still in the coming out. They haven't gone in yet. But those who are ordained, Amen. the five-fold ministry is going to preach and going to preach. The Holy Spirit's going to preach through the five-fold ministry until those who are predestinated go in. Amen. If you're here this morning, you haven't gone in yet, the Holy Spirit is going to stay here and preach until you go in. Hallelujah. And when you're going in, the seals, see going coming out, the seals are breaking. Yeah. You're catching revelation. And you're catching things here and there in your experience. The seals are breaking and you're coming out. The word is revealing to you and revealing to you little by little. I'll deliver my people. A little revelation here, a little revelation here, a little truth here, a little truth there. It's pulling you and causing you to come out. Hallelujah. Come out of the world. Come out of circumstances. Come out of your flesh. Come out of your own thinking. Come out of all these things. But you see, when those seals opened up in 1963, the Bible became a new book to the prophet and it was going in time. Everything changed for him. Now, he was the wave sheet. And by faith, and I say this not by your own understanding or your education, how you can read the quotes and how you can put the quotes together, but by faith, the bride sees the wave sheet and how God transitioned him. Amen. Hallelujah. He was a seven church age messenger. We know that to the seven church age. Hallelujah. which we understand that most people in this message are still feeding off of old mana, the seven church age message. Amen. You can hear it in their fellowship. You can hear it in their understanding of the of the word of God that they have an understanding that they're still back in a seven church age and they're quoting the prophet. Amen. They're quoting the prophet. The brother Bram said, Brother Bram said, Brother Bam said, but remember there was a transition that he took it took place in his life that changed him and it became a new book. See, brother Brandon didn't have the message. We're like, we got the message. We quote the message. Brother Brandham said, Brother Brandon said, Brother Brandon had the message. He had the word of God. Hallelujah. He had the revealed word that was being revealed to him. That's what he spoke. The message ain't what we make it to be. We have no right to put a a a culture or title or message believer anything on it. It's the word of God in process and revealing. Amen. It's Jesus Christ. Amen. That's why they glorify a man. That's why they make an image unto the prophet in this hour and this day. And they don't see Jesus Christ lifted up on high. It's the word and the message confuses people. Puts the cow on top of the roof as the scripture says. Mixes everything up. Doesn't put it in its proper place. But God has an order to his word. God has an order and a process to our journey, to our experience, our new birth, our deliverance, everything. We can't change that. We can't go ahead of it. Hallelujah. Which most people are doing. It was the going in time. See, the unwritten word was revealed to the bride. what we call the message to the prophet. It was the word of God, the unwritten word being revealed. And we understand there is many traditions, many doctrines, many beliefs in this message that are birthed inspired under a past age word in this message. It's just like the law, the Old Testament law. The Bible says if if it was needed, there would be no place for it to be removed. But God removed when it came to the Gentiles, he removed the law. It wasn't needed because this was greater. Do we understand? I hope so. A little bit even this is greater. Hallelujah. And even the prophet came to a place and said that and many different ways he was expressing that. And many different times he said there's so many things I want to say to you and reveal to you but I can't. And people get boggled in their mind. the educated ones, the intellectual ones, their minds blow up when brother Brandham say that and they say, "Oh, he didn't complete everything. He didn't finish everything." So, I have to complete what he was saying. I have to put it all together what he was saying. But you see, it's the unwritten word. Amen. And the third poll, the Holy Ghost told him, you're not going to say a word about this. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm going to keep it to myself. Everything, the first pull, the second pole, hallelujah, all the church ages, Amen. All the six seals, Amen. You're going to reveal it. You're going to expose it. The people are going to know it. Amen. And Amen. The people are going to make a mess of it. And all the things that are prophesied will come to pass because of it. But the seven seal, hallelujah. Hallelujah. The seven seal ain't going to say nothing about it. Amen. Because the seventh seal is me. Amen. It's me myself. I'm going to reveal, Amen, these things to my bride in this hour. I'm going to show her things to come. I'm going to reveal the truth. Amen. Hallelujah. What the prophet seen that took him into that other dimension that rapture him. You know, he was raptured. His body was changed. Hallelujah. What what came to him, Amen. is that seven seal revealing to him is going to come to us, the bride of Jesus Christ. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. No pulp is going to preach it. No five-fold ministry is going to preach it. Amen. Hallelujah. It's Christ himself. Amen. Glory to God. Thank you, Lord. The unwritten word. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. That word will not fit today or produce a body change. And all that happens because there's no born again experience, no real revelation that brings life to them. Like the prophet said, a nonseed can never be born again. Hallelujah. But this unwritten word is a living, active, two-edged sword, piercing, dividing the soul and sunder. Amen. And the mirror and the discerner of the thoughts and the intents of the heart. That's what we're talking about this morning. When the Holy Ghost gets into a life, Amen. When the high calling is upon your life, that's what happens to you. That's how the Holy Ghost deals with your life. Hallelujah. is a living word, a vibrant with life. A word that carries power, life and a power of transformation. A persistent word. Oh yes, persistent. God is determined. Amen. I don't care how you feel, how I feel. I don't care if sickness comes, whatever comes in our lives. This word, amen, that started the work. Amen. It's always active inside of us. Amen. Hallelujah. That's why we rejoice through your trials and trouble. Amen. This does never stops. Amen. This work never stops. If you know it's activated in you, you know the living God is inside of you. Hallelujah. And revealing to you, it never stops. It's always moving. Oh Lord, I don't feel I this. I that. But I thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm not looking to myself. I'm looking to the promises of God in the word. You never stop working inside of me. Hallelujah. I'm going to try to wind it down here. Hallelujah. Somebody somewhere has drawn a lot of virtue out of me and I have to wind it down. I don't want to fall over here. Then one of your brothers is going to have to pick me up. Hallelujah. You can never confirm your position in this capstone age. Hallelujah. And the capstone revelation by the written word. 2 Corinthians 3:6. who has made us able ministers of the New Testament, not of the letter, but of the spirit. For the letter kleth, but the spirit giveth life. This third pull is the revealing of the word. It's the mysteries being made known only by the unwritten word. People are vindicating themselves today as a confirmation that they're in the capstone by the written word. Oh, I I I I understand the written word. I understand the message. I've heard it so many times. I understand what the prophet said here. I understand what he said there. I know this. I know that. That's not the confirmation. And a lot of people are vindicating their own ministries because they know how to put a message together. They know how to put an understanding of what the prophet said together. That's the written word. We can never be vindicated by the written word. It's the unwritten word. It's the life of Christ. Amen. They're born again, the bride, by the seventh seal, not by the written word. They believe all that is written in the word. They believe everything the prophet said, but it's not based on the written word anymore. is based on whether you can receive revelation from the unwritten word. It's not written. Hallelujah. You know that what I'm talking about right here is going to put the persecution on the bride of Jesus Christ. Oh yes. is going to put the persecution on the bride of Jesus Christ because this unwritten word when it starts revealing and it starts manifesting through the bride of Jesus Christ the ones who live by the written word of not only the Bible but the message are going to say no no no they're going to come against Jesus Christ again like they did back there when Jesus Christ did the things that he did what did they do they always came to him and said, "Why are you eating on the Sabbath day? Why are you healing on the Sabbath day? Why are you doing these things? Why are you doing that?" They came against the denominations came against the prophet of this hour. Hallelujah. Because they were based on the written word, the church ages. Hallelujah. They weren't based on the seventh seal. And that's why they came against the prophet and called him a false prophet. All his doctrines were of the devil. That God had all these things because they couldn't understand the unwritten word. The unwritten word is what reveals the written word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Just as Jesus said, flesh and blood has not revealed it to you, but my father is always based on revelation. Yes, because the unwritten word word reveals and brings more to you into your understanding of the life of Christ that the written word can never do. Think about it. Bring you to an understanding of the life of Jesus Christ. the spirit of God with inside of you. It's the spirit of truth that reveals to you, that shows you things to come. Amen. Not the written word. The unwritten word brings the life of Christ. That's where the bride will know what to do with the word. How does she know what to do with the word? Because she can read the written word? No. Because the unwritten word, the living word. Hallelujah. Is inside of her revealing these things and showing her things. It's the life of Christ himself, revealing himself to her. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Thank you, Lord. Amen. I'm going to wind this down. There is one here so many who doesn't have this quicking power in you. The sun has shined across and you sit in this tabernacle. You listen to the tapes and yet the spirit has never quicken you to follow the word of God. As people today are trying to say we should wash feet on this year Friday, Thursday, we should take communion on different doctrines. They argue whether it should be on this day or that day. And this is all going on even in the message. All kinds of fighting is going on. All kinds of ministers fighting against one another. This is right. That is right. This is right. This is the way it should be done. You shouldn't have this. I even heard not I even heard uh not too long ago from the from the brothers there that minister said we shouldn't be wearing these pins. I don't know. But this is what he's talking about here. They argue about whether it should be on this day or that day, whether it should be the Sabbath, the first day of the week, all these things. They're all just merely traditions. Arguments of man. What good would any of it do whether you had Lent or not Lent if there's no life inside of you? Think about it. What is all this bickering and fighting? What is all this bickering and fighting inside of you? The war that's going on inside of you. What good is it all? What what good is all this disagreement and all this confusion and whether this is right or that is right? whether this person is right or that person is right. What what is it? What does that have to do with anything? We worry about so many things, so many distractions. Satan puts so many substitutes in in in our way in our lives and distracts us in so many different ways. And he's saying, "What does any of this have to do any of your traditions, whether you you do it perfectly or not? If you have no life inside of you, if you miss that life, he says right there, if you miss that life, you're not coming up anyhow. We Listen, my brothers and sisters, I'm trying to make it as simple as possible. That's what we're going after is the life of God. If there's anything that you want to know that you should know is that you got the life of God inside of you. He said in the token message, you must have the token. He said, do everything that you need to do. Whatever it is that you have to do in your life, whatever you have to make right, get that token. Don't miss that token. I'm going to repeat his words because outside of that token, you're going to perish. We must have the token. That's why we come. That's why we listen. That's why we surrender our lives. That's why we die out. That's why we believe. It's the life. There's something driving me inside for more of that life. I got to have it. Musicians come. There's no life inside of you. It's only a memorial, which there's nothing against it, but you certainly have carried out your traditions, but left off the main thing. Think about it. We left off the main. There's going to be people that come hear the word of God. Hear the anointing. Hear the word that was delivered in this hour and left off the main thing. You come to church. You call yourself a believer. You support with your money. everything and those things are respected. You do great works. But didn't you leave off the main thing? Satan doesn't care how religious you are, how right you are in your doctrine. You could have the right doctrine and the wrong spirit. The prophet said, "I'd rather have the right spirit because if my doctrine is wrong, the right spirit will correct it." Not only your doctrine, but the right spirit will correct everything in your life and put you right in line. Stay in line. The voice cried out through the prophet in the vision. The bride getting out of line. Stay in line, my brothers and sisters. Stay focused. Stay in line with the main thing, the life of God, the token in this hour. We must have this token displayed and manifested. This third pull must be manifested in this hour. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Let us stand. I just want to read this last quote here. Jehovah Gyra. Hallelujah. It's already yours. It belongs to you. For you are Abraham's seed. If you receive the Holy Ghost, you are sealed. Hallelujah. Do you know you're sealed this morning? If there's a doubt or question in your heart, you need to settle [Music] that. You're dead and your life is hid with Christ through God, sealed by the Holy Ghost. How long until the next revival, until the next experience, until the day of redemption, until the day of a rapture? Ephesians 4:30, grieve not the Holy Spirit whereby you're sealed. Do not grieve the Holy Ghost in your life, my brothers and sisters. Don't fight against the Holy Ghost. Surrender to it. Yield to it. [Music] Come to a place, as the high calling said, where you're pleased. You are pleased with his dealings in your [Music] life whereby you're sealed into the day of redemption. Before a car can be sealed, a box car, everything's got to fit in there good and tight. Hallelujah. God is getting this word inside of a bride. Amen. Inside of her soul good and tight. This word of God. Hallelujah. That's the reason so many don't get the Holy Ghost. They're too loose. We talked about being loose. Why? Sure. An eagle is a specialmade bird. So he has to have a special feathers, a special eye to climb, way way, way up above everything else. Oh God, this bride has special eyes, special feathers, a revelation that she can climb, way up and see everything in her life. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's the way God's people does it. God's eaglets. They climb way up there. They're Abraham's seed. They believe everything. No matter what the circumstance is, they always they they're always from the earth. Circumstances, they're way high above the earth's atmospheres. Oh Lord, lift me above the shadows. Give me fellowship with thee. That's right. Plant my feet on higher ground. Take me up, Lord. Let me stand by faith on heaven's table land. A higher plane, a higher revelation this morning. Every day, Lord, lift my feet higher and higher, way, way, way up. Hallelujah. Abraham, his seed, and and and his seed after him. The covenant was absolutely unconditional to both Abraham and his seed after him. Unconditional, my brothers and sisters, there is no condition, amen, behind this word of God. Amen. God is saying, I put it unconditionally before you. this word that I've spoken in this hour. Hallelujah. There is no conditions on it. Just believe. Just accept. Just let the Holy Ghost Amen. take you higher. Just surrender your life. Hallelujah. There is no conditions based upon put on you. There's no nothing put on you. Nothing that you have to do. Nothing that you have to perform. Just surrender your life. Hallelujah. It's hard to die. It's hard to surrender. Just surrender to him unconditionally. He'll take you and he'll lift you higher and higher and higher until one day like Enoch. Come home Enoch. Come home my little bride. Hallelujah. Let us pray. Father, into thy hands I commit your people. Father, into thy hands I commit the word. You have taken me, Lord, to [Music] places that I didn't know I was going to go. You said, "My word won't return to me void, but will accomplish." You said, "I sent forth my word and healed the people." Lord, it's not only physical healing, but it's mental healing. It's heart healing. It's spiritual healing. God, sometimes the word cuts, but that's healing. That's the love of God. The love of God is corrective. Oh God, I love you Lord because you correct me. Father, I would not know how to correct myself, but you correct me. Lord, you know the hearts that you spoke to and the areas of the heart that you spoke into have the preeminence, Lord. May they open up the [Applause] doors or the door, Lord, that they've kept closed. You have opened the prison, Lord. You have broken the chains. Why are we still sitting in the prison when you have said go? You are free. Who the son of man sets free is free indeed. Be thou free, bride of Jesus Christ. Be thou blessed because the Lord God has declared it. and performed it and he has finished it in Jesus name we pray. God bless you saints. I lift it up. [Music] Come and quench this thirsty of my soul. Oh bread of heaven [Music] me feel my Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my [Applause] [Music] god. I'm pressing on the upward way. New heights I'm gaining every day. Still [Music] [Applause] [Music] pray. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I believe he's done that this morning. Praise God. Anybody else? He's lifted us up a little bit higher this morning than we were when we came in. And uh all I can say is amen to what I just heard. That was nothing but the truth. Amen. I'll be like Haddie, right? That's nothing but the truth, Lord. Praise God. Uh we're just going to You can be seated for one moment. Have Sarah come up and uh give our vision and purpose statement. Um one thing we want to do, I know, Brother Tim says, you know, you can't um say everything that you that you see. It's true because you have to, you know, realize where people are at, right? And only give them what is needful at that time. But we certainly want to go out and and and speak the word uh to everybody that would seem to have a heart to receive. You can't just go hitting people on the on the head or anything like that. But anybody who would open a door, see, that's what we did this morning, right? We opened a door. They have to open a door, too. When they do, be ready because this is what our purpose is. [Music] Our vision is to be a life-changing ministry transforming the world one person at a time. Our purpose is to bring people to Jesus for membership in his family, growing them into maturity, equipping them for ministry to fulfill their life's purpose of glorifying God. We are changing lives forever. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. So take up your cross and follow Jesus. Take your cross every day. Don't be ashamed to say that [Music] you one more time. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] follow me. I'm going to keep pressing on. I'm going to keep pressing on. I'm going to keep pressing [Music] the heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] No need for [Music] you. There is [Music] never [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat.
