################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-22 - You Must Have Your Own Personal Revelation - Minister Philip Bobie-Frimpong - Philip Bobie-Frimpong.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-22
Title:   You Must Have Your Own Personal Revelation - Minister Philip Bobie-Frimpong
Speaker: Philip Bobie-Frimpong
Church:  Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=21N6vIse92Q
========================================

Description:
Minister Philip Bobie-Frimpong 
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Amen. Let's sing that song. I have a maker. Amen. I have a maker. He formed my heart. And before even time began, my life was in his hands. He knows my name. He knows my every thought and he sees each day that falls and hears me when I go. I have a father. He calls me his so and he'll never leave me no matter where I go and he knows my name. He owes my every to. And he sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. I have a father. He calls me his so I never leave me no matter where I go. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each day that falls and use me when I call and use me when I call. Amen. Amen. Amen. And as a dear, let me see. as a dear panty after for the water. So my soul longing after thee. You are alone are my hearts desire and I long to worship. [Music] You alone are my strength and my shield. To you alone does my [Music] spirit. You alone are my desire. I long to worship him. You're my friend and you are my brother. Even though you are a king, I love you more than other. [Music] [Applause] Oh, you alone are my strength, my sheep. To you alone does my [Applause] spirit. You alone are my heart desire to wish you. I want you. gold and blue or silver. You can't s you alone your neighbor and go. Oh, you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone are my [Music] spirit. You alone are my hearts. Desire and I long to worship. You alone. You alone. You alone. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit. You alone are my heart. Desire and I want to worship thee. And I long to worship thee. And I long to worship thee. Hallelujah. That's our desire tonight. Amen. Just to worship him. [Music] Amen. We have come into his house. gather in his name to worship him. We have come into this house to magnify his name and worship him. We have come into this house to magnify his name and worship Christ the Lord. Worship him Christ the Lord. So let's forget about yourself and concentrate on a word [Music] she and concentrate on him and worship him. Don't forget about yourself. Concentrate your name and worship Christ the Lord. We will worship him Christ the Lord. So let's just lift the holy hands and magnify him and worship him. Let's just lift our holy hands. Magnify his name and worship him. Let's just move to the glory and magnify his name and worship Christ. We will worship him Christ. [Music] Oh, we will worship him [Music] Christ. Oh Lord. Hallelujah. Beloved Lord Jesus, we lift up holy hands to magnify your name to worship you. There's none like you, Father. It's a great privilege, oh God, to have this opportunity, oh Lord, to be called by you in this hour in a dark world, oh God, where everything is falling apart, Lord, but it's it's by your great plan that you have everything fixed, Lord. There's nothing out of cater with you. Nothing is going wrong, Father. Sometime in the human flesh, we could see things and it affects us, Lord. But we thank you oh God that you have given us that six sense of faith Lord to look beyond what we see Lord and look to your promise Lord that one day this body will change Lord and we'll be caught up to meet you in the air. Father, we are so grateful, oh God, that we could come into your house and acknowledge that we need you only by your grace, Lord, that we can say that it's nothing that we have done to have this opportunity, Lord, but you your own grace and your mercy towards us, Father. We are so grateful to Lord, but we don't say it enough, Lord. But we thank you, Lord. We give you thanks. We give you praise for what you've done for us, what you continue to do, Lord. Father, as we come to hear your word tonight, Lord, may you take speaker, Lord, and remove self and any thoughts that might not be of you, oh God. You just enter in, Lord, and speak to us, Lord. We we here to hear instructions, Lord, so we could continue to move according to your will, Lord. We need you more than anything in this hour, Lord. Have your own way, Lord. those are on their way, Lord. Protect them. We thank you for those that made it here tonight, Lord. Is a It's not easy on a Wednesday night, Lord. Many things are happening in our lives, Lord, but we always find, Lord, when we make that sacrifice, Lord, you always come down in a special way, Lord. Bless them in a special way tonight, Father, as we continue to lean upon you tonight. We give you thanks. We give you praise. Somebody say, "Amen." Amen. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth. What a mighty God we serve. Oh what a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve on angels in an earth. What a mighty God. Jesus is the glory. Jesus is the Lord we [Music] serve. Jesus is the God we serve. Angels fall before heaven and earth before him. Jesus is the Lord. So let us sing and praise his name. Let us sing and praise his [Music] name. Let us lift our voices. Let us clap our hands. Let us sing and praise his name. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Angels fall before him. Heaven and earth. What a Jesus is the God we serve. Jesus is the God we [Music] serve. We serve [Music] angels and [Music] [Applause] earth. Amen. Hallelujah. I take a It's the life behind the name that makes the demons tremble. It's the life behind the name that makes the poor humble. It was God who devised that in all things man. He will live so he can give to us the life behind the name. Oh, it's the life behind the makes the demons real. It's the life behind the name that makes the world. It was God who devised a plan that in all things he would live so he can give us the behind your name. Oh, it's the light behind your name. I make the demons tremble. It's the light behind your name. I make the pride humble. It was God who divides the plan that in all things he is a man. He would live so he can give us the life behind the name. That he would live so he can give to us the life behind the name. Amen. years I spent in vanity and fearing that my love was true knowing not it was for me [Music] I mercy there was grace and grace Fighter to me there my burden soul from me I cal by God's word lost my sin I learn and I tremble at the Lord Oh my [Music] go to [Music] Cal. Oh mercy there was grace. Grace was free for me. My burden soul found and cal. Now I'm g to Jesus every day. Now I'm my king. Oh my god. [Music] [Applause] [Music] My word is [Music] so [Music] I know the love that you salvation. Oh the grace that brought it to me. Oh, the mighty love of the Lord [Music] is for mercy. There was great stress free and there was multiply to me and my burden so [Music] I mercy. Oh, mercy and praise was glad to be there. My body and soul. [Music] Amen. Welcome to the house of the living God. Please can be seated. You can be seated. The Bible said where two or three are gathered in my name, I'll be in your midst. Pastor Danny send his greetings. Um the people that went to Ghana, they have all arrived safely. Pastor Sam and his wife, my wife and Priscilla, um Abigail, Paul, Dborah, Sister Elizabeth and Samuel. They have all arrived safely. So let's continue to remember them that everything will go on perfectly well. Um without wasting much time and I'm going to pray. Oh our gracious eternal God. You are kind heavenly father. You are good God. There is nothing bad about you. It's a bad devil and a good God. Father, we are here asking for your divine grace and mercy to help us tonight. Get ourself out of the way so that your children will be blessed and will see you. Father, my prayer tonight is that no one leave here the same way they came. Oh God, they have come through the rain and sacrifice. Please Jesus, won't you hear our prayer tonight that their needs will be met? Lord, oh God, bless every aspect of the service, anything unlike thee. Lord, we come against it. Lord, you commit every thought, every feeling, every imagination, everything to the subject of the living God. Come and bless your children again in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. I have two scriptures um Psalm 60:1-2 and Isaiah 60 verse 1-2 and uh Psalm 62 1 to8 just that when I got here I I realized I forgot my little notes at home so I just write wrap something up quickly but doesn't matter it's not about the nose it's about him so don't worry everything will be fine okay Isaiah chapter 60 verse1 arise eyes shine for the light is come for thy light is come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. For behold, the darkness shall cover the earth and gross darkness the people, but the Lord shall rise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee. Um Psalm 62:1-8. Truly my soul waiteth upon God. From him cometh my salvation. He only is my rock and my salvation. Rock is the revelation. He's my defense. I shall not be greatly moved. How long will you imagine mischief against a man? Ye shall be slain all of you as a boowing wall shall ye be and as a torrening fence. The only they only consult to cast him down from his excellence. They delight in lies. They bless with their mouth. May they curse inwardly. That's a hypocrite. Uh the next verse, my soul waiteth thou only upon God. For my expectation is from him. You get what you expect? He only is my rock and my salvation. Talk about rock again means revelation. He is my defense. I shall not be moved. In God is my salvation and my glory. The rock of my strength and the refuge is in God. All talk about all the rock means revelation. Trust in him at all times. Amen. Yay people pour out your heart before him. God is a refuge for us. Let heavenly father please bless the reading of your word in Jesus name. Amen. Please be seated. So for the Psalm 62 it all talk about rock rock rock and rock is a revelation. So if I will title it I'll say that um you must have your own personal revelation. Amen. Because without you having your personal revelation you cannot meet God or you must meet God for yourself. You must see God for yourself. Without you seeing God you can't please him. And there are so many things but I think that um the word itself delight when it is vindicated. So in other words you have to have your own personal revelation because without that that you cannot please God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Because um it's talking about the gross darkness upon the whole world. said you as a Christian there's a light shining through you. Amen. So he said talk about in shalom paragraph 246. Um okay that's fine. Look if the Bible tells us of these things that is to come. Speak of all these hours that we've passed through the days of Noah is predicted. The days of all these others the scripture predicted the days of Martin Luther was the days of Wesley the days of Pentecostal this hour that we are living in was predicted everything happened just exactly the way it was then when it what is it that's my main that really catch my attention here it is the spoken word of God which is vindicated by God makes it the light of the hour. Amen. See, just like the sun is when the word the word itself is the light when is vindicated for the hour. John was that the light he was more light than Elijah and them had Elijah. He wasn't He wasn't Elijah's light, but he wasn't Elijah's light, but he was Elijah in another form, a vindicating the light. See, he was and when Jesus come, he said he was a bright and shine light for a season. You love to walk in this light. And John said, "Now I must dim out. I must go out now. My light is finished shining. I must go. He must increase. Which is other words he the more the Bible said the more we get ourself after the way the little that we become the more that God can what increase in us and what reveal himself. So we are not supposed to think ourselves highly than ourselves or highly than anybody else. And the more that we can humble ourselves and the more that we can belittle ourselves, the more that God himself can use you and me. So if you want God to be to use you, you got to belittle yourself. Humble yourself in the sight of the Lord and he will what? Lift you up. Amen. So the light vindicated light of the word Let me see this again. The word the spoken word of God which is vindicated by God makes it the light of the hour. When the word spoke and is vindicated by God is the word for the hour for that day. And I'll start from Moses because you cannot please God unless God revealed himself to you. And Moses learned everything about the Egyptians. He was h became to become the next pharaoh. He has all the the the knowledge everything and his mom who became his uh nurse nursing mother whatever it was the maid taught him everything and he realized that when God gave Abraham the promise that after 400 years I'll bring my people out of the bondage. He have that knowledge that he is the one to do it. But he didn't wait upon God. He tried to do it by himself. So is you and me. Anytime we try to do things by ourselves, we make a mess. And when Moses tried to do this by himself, he end up killing an Egyptian and he failed miserably. So you and me before God called us, we tried to make this world by ourself. We tried everything and we never was we never had any satisfaction in our hearts here because what we were doing was our own strength, our own effort. So we failed miserably. So did brother Moses. He failed miserably. And what happened? God has to take him away from Egypt to a desert. And it take God 40 years to knock away all the dances that Moses learned at the time with the with the Pharaoh. So after God took everything out from him, all the knowledge, the knowledge was good, but the knowledge itself without revelation, he couldn't do nothing. But one day whilst he was heading his father-in-law's um flock, he met a light and that light was burning. So when he met the light, that makes a difference. So is you and me. When we met the light of God for this day, that made a difference in our lives. And you have to meet this life for yourself. As Moses met God face to face in that burning bush. So every believer has to come face to face with that light of God, with that revelation because without you have meeting God for yourself, you cannot please him. It will just be a knowledge and that knowledge it cannot bring anything. The knowledge is good, don't get me wrong. But that knowledge will let you fall. It will let you do um I don't know what the knowledge alone without revelation without the dynamics is cannot bring the manifestation of the word to pass because without the dynamics the mechanics alone cannot make it. So Moses had all the knowledge but until he met the light for his day he couldn't achieve anything he became a murderer and he ran for his life so is you and me without us by the grace of God coming in contact with this word of God Jason for a day our life was in a mess some of us adulteress all kind of life. But the light of God came to us and what it changed us from the inside out and we became a new creation in Christ and our life has never been the same ever since he came to our life and is the same yesterday, today and forever. Amen. And just like Moses, when he had that light, he was a leader. Is that right? And he have confidence in God that he met on that burning bush. So no matter how the enemy come to attack him, he can look back and see I've seen God for myself and that God that I saw is unchangeable God. He will never change. He's the same yesterday, today and forever. So he trusts God so much that he led them through the wilderness and God did a mighty work through him. But the people following him, most of them apart from Joshua and Caleb, they did not have faith. They have that knowledge. They know God can do it. And it was just a hope that they have because As I said the other time, hope just can go on until hope is always looking for some room. It goes only a fire but it doesn't go all the way like a hawk cannot go all the way like eagle. So faith goes beyond hope. So they were hoping this will happen and God fed them. They were baptized in the Red Sea. He fed the mana from heaven. He did all those things. But there was no faith mixed up with it. So when it came to Kadis Bernier, they what they all of them failed God. But Joshua and Caleb was of different spirit. They have confidence in God. It was revealed to them. The difference was the revelation. It became so crystal clear to them Joshua and Caleb that their God is unchangeable God. And they have confidence that God that brought them through the Red Sea, fed them with mana from heaven, gave them water from smitten rock. That God is able to deliver those uncircumcised Philistine. Even though they were giant and big more than them, they look like grasshoppers to them. But they didn't consider that. So tonight, what is it bothering you? It doesn't matter how big the storm is. It doesn't matter what you think you are going through. Don't look at that giant circumstance, but look to the promise of God. Because he said, "I am God and I change not." He never change. is the same yesterday, today and forever. What good is historical God to you? If God cannot do what he did back in the time of Abraham and all those things in our lives, then what is that God to you? But because he's unchangeable God and he's the same yesterday, today and forever and he never change his ways. If we follow that pattern and have confidence in his word, he will do it again and again and again and again because he will never fail nor forsake you. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Your friends will fail you, your parents will fail you. Everything, your job, everything will fail you. But God can never fail. Because there's two things God cannot do. He cannot lie. He cannot fail. He's unchangeable God. And he makes all things beautiful to them that life him because his word is eternal. Amen. Because God is infinite God, sister. He's not like you and me. Because we are finite. We can make decision today and then we change it. Even like um my family going to Ghana, they bought their ticket and everything because they don't know tomorrow. They are supposed to arrive like yesterday in the capital Ara and take another plane to the second capital. But because they don't know the future once about a day for them to go, they have a thing from the travel agents that the flight is cancelled. So they have to they were forced to go and sleep over in the capital before they go. But they made their plans thinking that they will be arriving yesterday and then go the same day. But they couldn't see it before it happened. But God being infinite God knew all those circumstances will happen. So is you and me. Even right now we are sitting here. God knew before the foundations of the world that we all going to be seated here. And he knew every thought that will pass through any of us our mind. He knows even the hairs on your head. He he knows everything. And because he knows everything when he put his promises in this word of God um Daniel that word cannot fail because he knows today from tomorrow. So his word is final. He has a final word and that final word is this word of God and it's absolute because it cannot fail. When you put your confidence in this word of God, it can it can never fail because it's God's word. It's God's promises and he is not like you and me. He's infinite. Is omniresent, omni signs. He knows everything. He covers the entire world. So our confidence is not in one another, but it's in God's word. It's in God's promises. Because if you look to a man, a man will fail you. But God will never fail you. And he's unchangeable God. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He said, "I am God, and I change not." Amen. Our God is awesome. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. Just bear with me. Just Hallelujah. And back to the same word that I said that unless God reveals something to you, you might have that knowledge, but you cannot bring it to pass. It has to be crystal clear. It has to be done by revelation. Because if you look at David and his brothers and Saul, Saul and David brothers have the knowledge. They know 100% clear that God can deliver them from golad that they were facing. They have that knowledge. But the knowledge alone was not enough. Even in this message a lot of people has accumulated the knowledge they have knowledge that this has to happen that had to happen that had to happen but because they it's not fully revealed to them they are not able to manifest that word of God and it make the people wonder and that's why even a lot of people has gone out from the word of God because they know this has to happen that has to happen but it's not happening And they fighting. They doing everything trying like Bam, the people that Elijah told them to shout more. They doing everything to bring it back. But they can't. God has to come and reveal it to you. And when he reveals it to you, you are settled. It doesn't matter how um how dim it looks. it will come to pass. So back to what I'm saying, Saul have the knowledge. David brothers have the knowledge but it wasn't revealed to them. So when David went there and that uncircumcised Philistine believe begins to boast, he boast at the wrong time because even though as said it's not the size of the dog, it's a bite in the dog. Most David was there very tiny 12 or 14 year old boy or 16. I I forgot the exact age he was. And then Saul the most tall and his brothers big and big and big but they didn't have a bite because they didn't have a revelation. And then David said why do you allow this uncircumcised Philistine to defile the army of the living God. They said that you are too known you what can you do? He said I have confidence. It was revealed to David and based on that his experience with God before gave him the confidence that if God could deliver bear when he came for my sheep to me he was able to deliver this lion can he deliver he's more than able to deliver this uncircumcised Philistine in my hand and all his brothers were angry with him they think he's too no he doesn't know what he's talking about sometimes that's why the people see you when you say you are Christian because they have watered the word of God so low that when you say you are Christian they don't even know what kind of Christian that you are they think that you are those um what am I saying those denomination Christians that have made the word of God of man effect so when you say that you are Christian they don't even know what kind of you say to you you are unless the people get close to you then by your actions and the way you move the way you do things then they realize oh this this sister this sister this brother has been with Jesus because your actions when they get close to you your actions and the way you do things they realize that hey this is not that Christianity that we talking out there this a different form of Christianity that we talking about this has the real thing. He has a real the real the the real thing. They realize that there's something special about you. You are not just a nominal person out there claiming Christianity when they you can even they can um what do I say that they said that they can put that um their hand their hand is like I don't know what what word to use anyway but it's just going it's not coming that's fine they have make Christianity so low so cheap because of the pulpit the pastor who will not tell them the truth. They after their pocket, not after their soul. And because of that, they have make it so cheap like chicken. But you are an eagle. It takes years to produce one eagle. And God has taken years to build you up. No wonder. It says that a time will come those foolish virgin will try to come and get oil and you cannot give them that oil. It's too late for all these years that you have been sitting under the word of God. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing of the word of God. So God has been building your faith all these years here little there little little precept upon here. So little little to bring you to that stage and they just want to get it right away. It doesn't work that way. So, back to what I'm trying to say. Because it was not revealed to David brothers and Saul, they couldn't achieve anything. But because David had met God for himself and it was revealed to him, he was able to defeat that golad. and is the same now and then. You must have revelation. You must have the token. You must have the Holy Ghost. You must be born again. Without fully being born again, without full revelation of the word of God in your soul, you cannot make it. The death angel will pass by. He's only passing by those who are sealed with the Holy Ghost. And because there's a seed of God in you, you can be what? Reborn. The non seed. There's nothing to quicken them. And our God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. Amen. In every age, God has a vindicated of his word. He has that word of God that has to be what? Made manifest. And the people that recognize that word for their age, they are God's children in that age. And it doesn't matter how their outward life may look to be. They can be a prostitute. They can be thieves. They can be all kind of things that you can talk about. But don't let the outside cover fool you. But if there's a seed of God in them, when they meet the words for their age, something in them will respond. I believe that's what happened that woman at the well. She was prostitute and married about five times and she was even living with somebody's husband. If it was here to be here, some people would go and make their nose like that. and her life was so bad she can't even go and get the water with the regular people. They have to be separated and go at a different times. But down deep in her heart, there was a seed of God. So when it came in contact with the word for the day, she recognized and said, "We know when the Messiah cometh, he will do these things." And her life was never the same. She left the presence of God, the presence of Jesus Christ, a different woman. And the woman types the church. So the bride of Christ any seed of God it doesn't matter their proud life that they live once they come in contact of that revealed word of God their life will never be the same. There has to be a change from the old life. There has to be a change from the way they were before. You can never live the same life when Christ really comes into your heart. He will change you from the inside out. He will change your desires. He will change the things. That's why the things I used to do, I do them no more because I have been contact with the reveal word of the hour. I've come in contact with the my maker. The one who created the whole heaven and earth. He lives in my heart. He lives in you. So it's him living his life through you. And when that happens, Natasha, you become a hot potato in the hands of the enemy, of the devil. Why? Because the Bible says, "Sons and daughters of God are led by the spirit of God." So nobody can determine your move. You can be here today and be here tomorrow. You can say, "I'm doing this and then God will change and you do something different." So your life is not um like the organized churches. Your life is not trapped because sons and daughters of God are led by the spirit of God. Amen. and it leads you and it guide you and sometimes it makes you maybe make a quick decision and later I realize that if something has not revealed to you to make that decision you are could have got into a big catastrophe because you are being led by the spirit of Christ that is what has led us all these years and that God is able to do it again and again and Again and again, he will do it again. No matter what, he will do it again. Hasn't he promised? He promised I'll be with you. Even in you until the consumation of the time, he's with you and even in you. He will never leave you nor forsake you because he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. His word is eternal truth. He's God and he changes not. He will provide all your needs. He will take care of you. Amen. No matter what the circumstances, he'll be there for you. He is on time. God, he may not come when you want him to be, but he will be there right on time because he has always been on time. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. No matter what comes into our life, he is controlling us. Hallelujah. Our God is good. Amen. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's on time God. Praise our God. Hallelujah. Um, another person I'm going to talk about is brother Peter. Peter was a spokesman and he believe God but he has the knowledge. He knew Jesus Christ was God. He been with him for three and a half years. He have that confidence has everything. But when it get to a place when the battle gets so rough and in that garden when those um the the Jews and the high priests and the rest when they are came to when Judas Judas came and give him that case and they saw the Lord Jesus eyes with the assault and everything. Abraham explained that Peter might even be more sharper was more fighter than that people with the sword because he was able to just run away cut that man's head off right away. If that guy was more more fighter, Peter was more fighter than him. So he could able to what the knowledge cut that year off right away and the Lord put it back. So he did this with his knowledge not revelation not revealed to him and because that time things was not handed. That's why he said that when you are converted strengthen your your brethren and because he wasn't fully converted he was doing it out of knowledge. was that revelation part and it gets so bad that he said that I will go with you to the end. Yes, it's good that you go through the law to end but you cannot just go by the knowledge. It has to be crystal clear. Just like I'll come back to what I'm saying, but it's just like Ruth and Opa. Both of them promised to go with Naomi all the way to the end. But because the two of them, the difference was revelation. It was revealed to Ruth that wherever Naomi dies, she going to die with her. It wasn't revealed to Opa. So in the middle of the way, a little bit um what am I saying? Sweet talk, he she just accepted it and get back. But even though Ruth didn't know how Naomi can even get a have a baby, get a husband and have a baby for her to get married to raise her children. She know all none of them. something in her heart tell her to what? Follow her soul. And she followed her all the way to the end. And Peter made the same promise. I'll follow you all the way to the end. And the Lord said that the devil wanted to sift you, but I'll pray for you. I'll help you. Amen. So when the time came, he failed miserably. He denied God. 1 2 3. The third time when he heard the call crying, he was so sad and he repented. But the same Peter on the day of Pentecost. Amen. When that pillar of fire came back again, that's why you need to meet God for yourself. When that light came again, oh man, he wasn't scared. But someone was saying, "Where is Rabbi Jo?" He came forward and said that we are not drunk because it's just even before 3:00 in the morning. But this is that which was spoken of by the Joel that in the end your young man will see dreams. This what is happening is a fulfillment of that scripture. He was able to identify himself back to the word of God. So his sons and daughters of God, the true sons and daughters of God in every age, they have the eagle eye to recognize what God is doing in present tense of his ministry because you cannot please God in the past. You have to recognize what God is doing now. And Peter didn't scared of anyone again. Amen. He was able to what? faced those en those critics and he was so full of the Holy Ghost that on the gates of beautiful himself and um and John when they saw that um the he said silver and gold have I none but what I gave to you in the name of Jesus rise up and go and that rose up and begin to what? Go. And when it get to a place that the high priest and the rest, they were what? They were trying to um scare them. Said, "Don't use this name again." He said, "Should I listen to man or God?" So is you and me. When the enemy threatens you, what do you do? He said, "Should I listen to man or God?" And the people recognize that they have they were in Acts 4:12 said that they recognize that they are ignorant unlearned but they have been with Jesus. That's the evidence. That's the difference. The difference is you have been with Jesus. If you have been with Jesus, it will automatically manifest through you. You cannot push it by yourself. A a sheep is a sheep. He bear wool. You cannot turn a pig into a sheep. You can bath it, babysit, and dress at night. He's still going to go to his m. But a sheep will always bear the wool because he's a sheep. As simple as that. Nobody can put anybody's name and nobody can take anybody's name out. Salvation belongs only to the Lord Jesus Christ. It he didn't left it in anybody's hand. Him alone is the one that gives I'm going to read this to cap it up with what Peter did. But it said here in the putting on the whole armor of God. But when it come to 5, but when it come to rail down inside of him courage, he didn't have it. No, he didn't have it. When he had seen that word, now I'm not going to get religious. when he has seen that word made manifest by the people in the message. They have seen the manifestation of word by the prophet and know that that was the day for it to be there and seen it proved exactly what God said it will do. And then with all of his intellectual strength, all of his physical being, that's the way it is today. Men who just walk up and put their name on a book. Those who shake hands with the minister and when it comes to standing in the office and the boss pass a drink, they will take it. They afraid of their job. It comes to paying tithes into the into your church. you are afraid to do it because you are afraid you'll serve to death and and know God made the promise that he will take care of you all these things. So it doesn't matter how your coffers is left don't be scared to pay your sight. Amen. You're never going to be starved to death. He said that David said that I have been young and I've grown. I've never seen a righteous forsaken nor his descendants ever begging bread to eat. I know we are in economic turmoil. Everything because of Trump tariffs is shaking up and down. But let's have confidence in God and let's put God first just like that um that woman who was only left with his last food her last food to eat and died with her son when Elijah said bake me a cake first. I believe it was revealed to that lady. She was so certain of God. She was so sad. There was something about Elijah and it was revealed to her. So she didn't care to give her last food that she was man. Braham said that get to that place. You're going to be more sincere. When you know that the next day you and your son are going to die. There's no food to eat. Your last food. She prayed all night but she was certain of God. When she saw that prophet spoke, she gave everything to him and me never run down in a household during that time. So is believers. It doesn't matter what. Let's put God first by paying our sight. Not only sight, our sacrifice. what you has done tonight. I believe God going to bless you. It's raining. You sacrificed and you came to here. I believe you never going to leave here the same. God supernaturally will do something to you. You might not see it physically, but he'll bless you. He'll bless you for your sacrifice. He never going to go in vain. There's no one that does something to God that is going to be in vain. He will take care of you. You might not know how. We might not as know when but he'll take care of you. He will do it again and again and again. One word from God is more than anything else. You might spoke so many things but maybe one for you tonight that it will help and bless you. So you are not here by chance as Simon's as the Bible said that Simon was led by the Holy Ghost to see the newborn child. So Anna was led by the Holy Ghost. The same Holy Ghost led you here tonight. If you have confidence in God, not in me, that the word of God where two or three are gathered in my name, I'll be in your midst. And God sent us a vindicator prophet that said that when we come to church and we have a specific time to be here, God always meet us before we even get here. So your confidence should be so much enriching in that word and you get what you expect. You always going to receive what you expect. If you expect God, you will hear from him. And if you came here like this, you go back like this because you never going to leave here the same. Either you're going to be drawn to God or you're going to live here miserable. It's always been the case. You can never live in God's presence the same way you came. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. Praise God. Thank you. And I believe that the same thing is happening in our midst now. Now because we have a vindicated prophet, his name is William Myron Braham. He prophesied in 1950s that there is going to be American pope. And he's here. Amen. It's happening. Before you were say it is coming. It is coming and now we have seen it here. Everything that God told that man has happened to the dot. And always I was telling people even before he came to office I was telling them that it can be him because I read and they were saying that in two times those who have been leading that has become the chosen as the pope. So I said hey maybe it could be him because he wasn't among the favorite but something was say he it could be him but now he's here but what about couple of days Mr. Trump who said that within two days he comes off he's going to solve that Ukraine and Russia war has come to the wall he realized he can't do it so he's now proposing for the new pope to come and solve that problem and I don't know if he's accept it and he solved that what's going to happen he's man of peace now but the Bible said that where they said peace peace peace Then sudden destruction comes. Is that right? And Abraham Lincoln said that in times of peace you prepare for a war. So what time are we living in sin? What time are we living in? Because remember as our former pastor said the age always what? Um it always overlap. It doesn't just go in like that. It always overlap. So remember the Jews were blinded so the Gentiles can be drafted can come in. Now the Gentiles are being blinded so that the Jews will come in because the um civilization travel with the with the gospel and the west here has rejected Christ. So it's a blinding of the Gentiles to bring the Jews in. So everything is in place. And as Daniel when he read Jeremiah writings, it put him under desperation. It's a desperate hour, brother, sister. It's not a time to joke. It's time to be desperate. It's time to seek God. It's time to seek his face. It's time to draw closer to him. I know you cannot do it, but you do your part. He said, "Whoever thirst after righteousness shall also what? Be filled." He's going to fill you. Fill my cup, oh Lord. If you know that you need a refilling, ask him to refill you. You need that. Whatever you need, you ask him. He'll grant it to you because it's a a lossia age. It's a lukewarm. It's the age that spirit is in the air, but you have to shake it off. Shake that laziness off and get to business. This is business time. It's not time to joke, brother, sister. Let's put every jokes aside and see God's face. And sometimes God allowed us to go through trials and persecution for a reason. And those trials and persecution, it comes for a purpose. Um and what God does is that the people that you have confidence in them, he's allow them to even what fail you come against you and see how you're going to react. I believe the same thing happened to Daniel. Daniel was a friend with the king but the king turned against him to put him in d in the lion's den. But Daniel never failed God. When that trials came, he believed God. He trusted in God. Just like the Hebrew children. When that tri comes, they have confidence in God. They believe God and God bring them out. So it is you and me. God allow us to go through some trials and persecutions. But when we are faithful, he'll bring us out. And some of the time the trials are so huge and so big, we don't know our way out. But stand still and see the salvation of God. Amen. There in the 19s church in Africa, Tanzania, I forgot the story. I forgot the name of the church or the country but happened in Africa if I'm wrong is it Tanzania or something they attacked the church because of the way they dressed and the message that they have and out of thousands they all deny the word of God. Is it the same thing happening coming on us now? Most of them ran away. They denied that faith and 500 of them were in prison and in the prison because they stood for word of God. The sisters they tried to cut their hair with a scissors it never cut. So much miracles happened in that prison that attracted the president and the people accepted Christ and they took them out from the prison. Is it the same thing around the corner? What time are we living in? Say when your tri comes, stand for Jesus. No matter what the condition, stand for God. As the Hebrew children stood, as Daniel stood, as Mis Shadrach, Mrs. Kabedu, God will do it again. He did it for them. He'll do it for you. Amen. You may not know how. You not don't know when, but he will do it for you again. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He is God who will never fail, who will never change. He will do God I change not. If those people stood by him and God stand by them. What about you and me? He'll never leave us nor forsake us. Let's stand for Jesus and he'll stand for you. Because remember, God is not looking at your mistakes. He's not looking at your fault. He's looking at you, your stand for him. Abraham talked about a dream about um I forgot the name is it something Corey and when he went in the have a dream in the presence of God they asked him after m whatever did you ever lied whilst you on the earth he said he thought on earth he's been honest about it but in the presence of that light he realized There are certain things he lied. Were you honest about everything? He thought he was the most honest person on the earth. But he realized in presence of that light when thrown he wasn't honest and he was about to be thrown to that place of darkness and a voice said, "Father, he stood for me while on this earth and I'm also standing for him." I want that testimony when my time comes that he will stand for me. That's why I have brother Anthony that when the time comes God will stand for me. Amen. Because a God will never change. Hallelujah. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. God is good all the time. So unless it's revealed to you, you cannot please God. Amen. And revelation means everything to a true believer more than anything else. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. [Applause] [Music] Oh, to God's unchanging [Music] hand. Oh, to God's unchanging. [Music] Time is filing. [Music] Oh god. [Music] Your hope [Music] something changes you whatsoever my friends will [Music] Still hand to be your hopes on today. [Music] Oh [Music] sh this was [Music] great. So we dec [Music] [Applause] [Music] Would you change your [Music] name? Amen. Let's bow our hearts. Lord, we are so grateful for your word tonight, Lord. We thank you for brother Phillip oh God healing himself oh God and just telling us what you wanted to speak to us tonight about a father that hold your unchanging hand Lord and Father we are so grateful to know that you are able you're more than able Lord and you'll do it again Lord we thank you Lord for coming out tonight and speaking to our hearts tonight Lord as we leave let's take us home safely not from your presence but Lord take us our homes and bring us back safely into your house on Sunday. We give you thanks. We give you praise in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. How many enjoy that tonight? Amen. You are dismissed. Amen. Hallelujah. I want to try that song. Do it again. [Music] Wait for it again. You'll do it again. You'll do it again. And where you are in the way you have been as he always come for you. He's the same. You may not know how, may not know it, but he'll do it again. And he'll do it again for you. Heat. Heat. N. [Music]
