################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - The Mighty Angel Is Preparing The Bride For Transition (The Power Of Tradition - Part 12) - Tim Beers.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-04
Title:   The Mighty Angel Is Preparing The Bride For Transition (The Power Of Tradition - Part 12)
Speaker: Tim Beers
Church:  Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZci9JVJPbw
========================================

Description:
Minister Tim Beers 
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I will sing. This is the day that the Lord has. I willj. I will enter his gates. I will enter. I will enter him. I will [Music] just praise. I will sing. This is like the Lord. I willj. Does he make you glad this morning? He has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. I will enter. I will enter. I will enter his voice. I will sing this since the day that the Lord has I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. Oh I for him. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice. And if the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in me, dwells in you. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead in you, dwells in you. They will become your mortal body spirit dwell in you. It will quicken your lord the almighty. If that same spirit come. If the same if the same spirit praise Christ from the dead all dwells in you dwells in [Music] you Christ from the dead in you in you and will [Music] body spirit. Oh, it will quicken your mortal body. If I see spit, it's not by my It's not by my It's not by my spirit. It's not by my It's not my might. It's not my power, but by my spirit. This mountain, this mountain shall be removed. Shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. I'll be revers. It's not by might. It's not by might. It's not by power, but by my [Music] spirit. It's not by might. It's not by power, but by the spirit. This mountain shall be [Music] ruled. This mountain shall be this mountain shall be. [Music] This mountain, this mountain shall be renewed. This mountain, this mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be reit. [Music] Hallelujah. Are you glad to be in this house this morning? whatever mountain you have that you desire this morning. Amen. Just put it before the Lord this morning. Amen. We're so happy to be back in this God's presence again to give him praise and to give him I believe something is stern among the bride this morning. Amen. You know when two and three get together, he says, "I'll be in the midst." And I believe he's here this morning to whatever you desire in your heart this morning. Amen. We want to go to prayer this morning. And I want you remember for the coffee this morning. And anybody who have a need this morning, just lift your hands unto him this morning. Amen. He is able more than able [Music] to accomplish what concerns me today. Oh, he is able more than a toy that comes my way. He is aable more than able to do much more than I could ever dream. He is aable, more than a to make me what he wants me. He's able. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, just believe this morning. Oh to accomplishments. Whatever you have in your heart this morning, let's lift your hands to him this morning. Oh, he is. He never lost the battle and he comes my way. Oh, he is able [Music] to dream. He is able to one more time. Oh Lord. Yes. Lord, we believe you this morning. Believe your word this morning. Hallelujah. I can search [Music] today. So let me anything that comes my way. Believe it. Believe it. more than I [Music] ever make what he wants me to do. Gracious, loving, precious heavenly father, living God of heaven and earth. Lord, we humbly bow our hearts, our lives before your presence, heavenly father, to give you thanks and praise, Lord, for what you've done for us, Lord, 2,000 years ago when you died on Calvary, Lord, to pay the price for our sin, Lord, our healing, our redemption, heavenly father. And we gather this day to give you honor and praise and worship, heavenly father. And Lord God, this morning we want to lift before you our precious brother Kofi. Lord, you see Lord, the circumstances that have fallen, Lord, the enemy trying Lord to take our precious brother's life. But Lord, we come against that enemy in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Because Lord, every enemy must bow at your feet. Heavenly Father. So, Satan, in the name of Christ, we cast you out of our brother and we claim his healing Lord on his behalf, believing for him and for his family, heavenly father. And Lord, as we have this service here and brothers and sisters gathered, Lord, we also lift up our requests, Lord, before your presence, heavenly father, many personal things we have in our lives that we so, Lord, wish that you would answer, oh God, today. and we're going to claim it, heavenly father, and believe that when we leave this place, Lord, we'll be blessed, heavenly father. We also want you, Lord, to remember our tithes and offerings, Lord, that it would be blessed for the furtherance of your kingdom. Heavenly Father, I ask you, oh God, to remember the minister, Lord, today as you've laid upon him, Lord, a word for your people, oh God, just use him now, Lord, a man that you have chosen, oh God, to place your spirit in. He's taken time, Lord, to study your word, to find what is upon your heart, oh God. Just, Lord, loose him and use him, heavenly father, today. Let your spirit, Lord, just find preeminence here and Lord, freedom, oh God, to just speak to us, Lord. And anything that would stand, Lord, in your way of your word, just remove it now from our lives, oh God, as we just continue to worship and bless you in this place, in Jesus name we pray. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Let's give my hand clap this morning. Hallelujah. Brother Bill, you can come and take the Tyson offering this morning. Amen. We want to take this time to welcome all our visitors who came this morning with us this morning. Amen. We hope that you have a wonderful worship with us this morning. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Hallelujah. Can you put up for me John Saw the bride? [Music] Amen. She was prepared. She was prepared to leave the Lord. She was dressed. If I'm living in my number three, I find myself. [Music] My s must [Music] begin to be. She was [Applause] stressed in [Music] finest. might greatest in me. greatest in me. I find myself I'm sort of proud. [Music] Who was there to be my [Music] friend? Hallelujah. Praise your name. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] I [Music] number to [Applause] me to me. I found myself. Do you believe that this morning? Can you find yourself this morning in that number? Hallelujah. Could you put up for me Joel's army? Joel's army. Amen. How many love him this morning? Morning stars together sing. Sons of God, his praise is our rise and shine. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] We [Music] are the Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] We are not well above the Heat. Heat. [Music] You are my own. [Music] [Music] I [Music] mighty God. [Music] Oh my [Music] god. This [Music] world Heat. Heat. [Music] trouble to the great you my Little [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] We are invincible to the great invincible. Invisible to the great. Hallelujah. Rising up the Lord. Rising [Music] up. Rising up. Rising up. Rising up. Oh, we're rising [Music] up church. [Music] mighty hand [Music] Christ turn upside Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh church rising up how the Bible ra the Holy Ghost signs and wonders by the apostles. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Right. [Music] Oh my Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] We [Music] destination might be Rising up. Rising up. Rising up. Rising up. New Testament church rising up. How many believe that this morning? Hallelujah. A New Testament church rising up. Amen. I read a quote yesterday from Brother Brham. His message is redemption by power. He says, "You always pointed how wicked the world is getting, but you failed to to see how powerful the church is getting. At the same time, she's rising up, standing on the field. Oh, she's a little flock, but brother, God is with her, and she's going to triumph just as certain as Christ rose from the dead." Amen. God's church shall never fail. The gates of hell shall not prevail against it. Show that they would be against it, but they cannot prevail against it. The church is going to triumph through the blood of Jesus Christ with a victory match. I'm positive of this one thing that God will have a church without spot, wrinkle, or blemish. Amen. I'm so happy about that. Are you happy about that this morning? Hallelujah. God is so good. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing Christ has come down. How many believe that this morning? Amen. Christ has come down. The mystery is she is him. Amen. Jesus Christ in us becoming his own bride. You believe that this morning? Hallelujah. Amen. Christ left the port of his son [Music] [Applause] [Music] ready until [Music] [Applause] [Music] SP way to be early as mysterious. [Applause] ISIS come [Music] down the kingdom in the [Applause] [Music] for now he's come back begin to have this world and necessity. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Christ has come [Music] down. He is the castle. Oh, Christ has come down. He is the castle. He has come [Music] down. His finest is way to be ready mystery. Christ has come down. He is. [Music] Thank you, Lord. I've got the life of God in me. I've got the life of God in me. I've got [Music] the I've got the light. I've got the light. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I wish [Music] I got the life. I've got the life. I've got the [Music] life. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] My heart shall not be I shall not [Music] be shall. I've got the life. I've got the life. I've got the life. I got the life of Oh, I [Music] got the I've got the life. I've got the I got the I got the light. [Music] Amen. Praise God forever more. If there's ever a time that this uh church can say we've got the life of God in us, it's right now because he's vindicating his church by his life in you. That's how you're going to know that you're actually a part of what God is doing in this hour is when you can recognize that his life is taking over yours. You're dying daily. You're in that you're in that understanding that every day. Listen, this is not an easy walk. It's not an easy walk. And you should know that you got to overcome because this is an age where this is the age where he says to them that overcome will I allow to sit with me where? In his throne. In a place of a throne is an is a place of authority. And so he's given you the authority. He's given you the ability to rule and reign with him in preparation for the millennium. Praise God. So the first place you need to rule is in yourself. Amen. Praise God. And so the life of God is certainly making his debut in this day and in this hour. I want to welcome our guests, Brother Carson, Sister Sharon, Chris. Welcome there, young man and your lovely wife. Welcome into the house of the Lord. I want to welcome everybody here. Um we're certainly happy to be here in the house of God today. And um Sister Jennifer and I had an opportunity this week to to uh visit um in Ohio. We we were with 39 other pastors and their wives within the message. And um I all I can say is that it was a tremendous blessing. It was a time of rest for us. Believe it or not, we were ministered to. The Lord just brought us together in such a a wonderful way. And so um we're grateful for that. Amen. Praise God. And so um today we've got our brother, uh Tim Beers that will be ministering the word of God. And if you've come here today with any expectation at all, God will speak to you. Amen. We believe in the five-fold ministry. We believe in the spirit of God speaking to the hearts of the people uh declaring what it is that he wants in our lives in this day and in this hour. Amen. So, be listening, be attentive, be praying as the word is coming forth. I believe you'll be blessed. Let's sing that song. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary. Praise God. The life of God. Lord prepare me to be a [Music] sanctuary pure and holy tried and [Applause] Dreams I'll be set for you. Sing it one more time. Everywhere you [Music] and true. [Music] I'll be a living statue for you. [Music] Hallelujah. Lord, prepare me. Yes. Thank you, brother. To be a sanctuary. Hallelujah. Father, we're so grateful, Lord, that we are been given the privilege, Lord, to come into your presence, Lord. Not only to come into your presence, Lord, but to come into your life, Father. this token life that has been given to us in this last day. Father, this word of God that has been given to us, this precious word of God, Lord, this word is not just letter, Lord. It's life, Father. It's the life of the living God. The same life that walked in that body, Jesus Christ, is here this morning, Lord. And Father, that's what we are so thankful this morning, Lord, that we've been given this honor to come into your presence, Lord. We don't take it lightly, Lord. So we ask, Father, that you would just wash us and cleanse us in the precious blood. There be any sin here this morning, Lord. Let it be forgiven, Father. Lord, nothing but the blood of Jesus this morning, Lord. Not our own works, not even gifts, our abilities, nothing but the blood of Jesus this morning. Lord, let us lift you up on high this morning. And you said, "If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men, Lord." We need to be lifted up this morning, Lord, higher. There's a rapture that is taking place that is going on right now, Lord. And we're not staying here on this earth, Lord. We're leaving this earth, Lord. So this morning as your word comes forth, Father, let us leave a little bit more of this earth this morning, a little bit more of ourselves this morning. Come this morning, this morning, Lord God, and reveal yourself, Lord. It's not by might, it's not by power, but by your spirit, Lord. Oh spirit of revelation, come this morning, oh God. Open the eyes of the blind. Open the hearts that are hardened, Father. Oh God, just move in a mighty way this morning. We commit ourselves to thee, Lord. We give you the atmosphere, Father. We give you the liberty this morning, Lord. And we bind every power of Satan. We bind every power of unbelief, Father, because we know we are in the greatest battle ever fought, Father. So Lord, what we bind on earth, you said, will be bound in heaven. What we loose will be loosed, Lord. And we bind the power of Satan and all his activities. And we loose liberty. We loose the Holy Spirit. And we loose the word upon the people's hearts this morning. Grant these things. I commit myself, Father, into your hands. I could do nothing without you, Lord. I'm just a speaker, Lord, that will speak words, but you are the one that quickens into the hearts of your people, Lord. And I commit the people's hearts into your hands this morning. They can't hear, they can't see, they can't understand without you, Lord. May you come this morning and give that what we have need of. Father, we trust and believe in you, Father. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you, saints. God bless you. Hallelujah. It's good to be here this morning. I don't have to make any opening statements or comments. It was all set from our pastor, perfectly in line with the spirit and in line with the word. This morning, I'm going to continue on my series, the power of tradition, part 12. I want to title this, the mighty angel is preparing the bride for transition. Amen. I believe there's a great preparation going on right now. And I believe also there's a transition taking place. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And we are in the rapture right now. There's a process taking place within us right now. Amen. Hallelujah. We don't want to hinder that working of the Holy Spirit in our lives by our own flesh and by doubt and unbelief. Amen. We want to believe the word of God this morning. And we need his help. Amen. We need the spirit of the living God this morning. Amen. I may speak a lot of words, but it ain't man. It ain't man that you come looking for. If it if it's man that you come looking for this morning or even a gift, you're going to leave disappointed. But if you come to connect with the Holy Ghost, the one that can reveal to you and speak to you to discern your very thoughts and intents of your heart. Amen. We want him to be present. That's what I pray for. Amen. You want to know what a minister prays for? For him to have the preeminence here. Hallelujah. Amen. Let us turn to the book of Revelations 10:8. then Revelations 19:5 and then we're going to go to Romans 12:1 to read the word of God. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again and said, "Go, take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel, which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth." We know that that's the mighty angel that has come down in this day. Not the seven church age messenger, but the mighty angel. Amen. And I believe he is still here. The prophet is gone. But he didn't leave. Amen. The mighty angel. And I went unto the angel and said unto him, "Give me the book." Remember in chapter five, nobody was able to and worthy to take the book, even to look upon the book. But here's a prepared people that are saying, "Give me the book out of the angel's hand now." Oh, something happened, my brothers and sisters. Amen. And he said unto me, "Take it. Eat it up, and it shall make thy belly bitter, and it it shall be sweet in thy mouth as honey." And I took the little book out of the angel's hand, and I ate it up. Oh, God. May God help us this morning to take that book and eat it up. Amen. That word of God. And it was in my mouth sweet as honey. But as soon as I eaten it up, my belly was bitter. And he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many people and nations and tongues and kings." Let us turn to Revelation 19:5. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. And a voice came out of the throne, saying, "Praise our God, all ye saints, servants, and ye that fear him, both small and great. And I heard as it were a voice of great multitude, as and as the voice of many waters, and the voice of many mighty thunderings, saying, "Hallelujah! For the Lord God, O Nimidant reignth." Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him for the marriage of the lamb is come and his wife has made herself ready. Glory to God. Let us rejoice this morning and be glad. Amen. Cuz the marriage of the lamb has come. It's here. It's now. That's what we're feasting on. and his wife, hallelujah, has made herself ready. And to her was granite that she should be a rain in fine linen, clean and white. For the fine linen is a righteousness of the saints. And he said unto me, write blessed are they which are called unto the marriage supper of the Lamb. And he said unto me, these are the true saints of God. Hallelujah. Bless. I believe there's a blessed people here this morning. Amen. Now, you believe you're blessed. Hallelujah. Glory to God. If you recognize that you are one of those blessed people this morning, we will rejoice in his presence. Amen. Hallelujah. Romans 12:1. I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your body a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service. and be not conformed to this world, but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind that you may prove what is good and acceptable and perfect will of God. Hallelujah. May God add the blessings to his word. Amen. You may be seated. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh my brothers and sisters, I believe there's a transformation taking place right now. Amen. I believe there's a people that God has been being being preparing for a long time now. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Philippians 1:6, "Being confident of this very thing, that he which began a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ." Amen. Hallelujah. The confidence that the bride of Jesus Christ, the faith that the bride of Jesus Christ is coming into right now in this hour, she knows who he is. She knows him. Amen. And she knows that he's going to fulfill his word. She knows that. Amen. He has spoken his word in these last days. The seven seals has been open. The names have been spoken out of those seven seals which are the characters of God. The character riches of God which are you this morning. Each one of you are part of the character of God. Amen. That's being manifested in this hour. She has that. She's recognizing that. And remember the greatest prophecy of the bride of Jesus Christ in this hour is when she recognizes who she is. Amen. That is the amnesia from the word of God over the years pounding and being spoken over you. Amen. Hallelujah. Breaking that amnesia so you can recognize that you and the word are one and the same. Amen. Jesus performed what he did. He lived the life that he lived on earth. He did the things and said the things that he said because he knew who he was. He didn't bypass his theophony. Amen. He knew. He came to this earth knowing his position and what his calling was, the portion of the word that was in him. But we we come in sin. Amen. We bypassed our theophony. We came into a body of sin shaped in iniquity. come to the world speaking lies. We are born out of a sexual act. Amen. He wasn't. Amen. And then now when God placed an attribute, a seed of God in us. And then here come the word at the appointed time and season in our life, God came to us. Amen. And spoke his word and awakened that seed. And as soon as that seed, that new birth took place in us. Amen. New life came. a resurrected life came. It wasn't a religious life. It wasn't a church life, but it was his life that resurrected in us. Amen. And the Bible says, "Amen. When that when that work took place inside of you, Amen. It it didn't cease to stop. It doesn't stop, my brothers and sisters, if you've been truly born again, that work of God doesn't stop inside of you. It progresses. It progresses even your unbelief. God knew. He winks at our ignorance. He He knows the unbelief. It does not hinder him. Amen. The word of God will continue to march on with inside of us. Amen. Because it has a destination. It has a purpose. Just like God is determined in his mind, amen, to bring this word to pass. That's why he said, "My word won't return to me void. I don't care if all hell is against it. Amen. It won't return to me void. I have spoken it. Shall I not declare it? Shall I not perform it and do it? Hallelujah. But that's for me and you, my brothers and sisters. That's was spoken for me and you to believe that that's what God is doing within side of us regardless. Hallelujah. Oh my. The meaning of translation. Hallelujah. And preparation. The process or period of changing from one state or condition to another. The process of moving something from one place to another. The action or the process of making ready or being made ready for use. Preparing involves calling upon the Lord, coming to God in a relationship, praying, seeking the will of God for our lives. Amen. And for the word of God to be manifested in our hearts. Our faith is not one more item on the the do list. The to-do list. Our faith forms our purpose. Faith is a revelation. Amen. Throughout Matthew's gospel, Jesus teaches the people about living and growing in a relationship with God. That's what this is all about. Amen. That same relationship that Jesus had with the father is the same relationship that the bride has with the bridegroom, with the husband in this hour. Amen. There's no difference, my brothers and sisters. Hallelujah. But we see brother Brandham talking here in the power of transformation. Hallelujah. Just laying a little background here. Satan's purpose from Eden was to make his own self Eden and exalt himself above the sons of God that they would worship him. And he has absolutely carried it out now. And when he's done this and brought it into the church, now he has his kind of Eden that Satan does. In the 6,000 years he has formed, not created, but deformed God's whole earth. his creatures, his animals, interbreeding, hybriding, trees, plants, humans, even religion, the Bible, the church, until he's got himself a complete Garden of Eden of science. Hallelujah. Of science. Everything moving by science. Our automobiles, everything we have was given to us by science. what man has done. Remember we are we are in the world but not of the world. Remember we are overcoming we are overcomers. Hallelujah. We are overcoming what? The world. We are overcoming science. We are overcoming the flesh. Amen. We are overcomers to what? Produce this word. This word, my brothers and sisters, can't be mixed in our lives. Nothing else can have the preeminence in our hearts but this word. So God, amen, has to come within us by his spirit and overcome everything. I'm talking about everything, my brothers and sisters. This is a complete surrender. This is a a a total deliverance in this hour. Amen. Jesus Christ wants to manifest himself in seed form, in real form, in purity form in this hour. He doesn't want religion. He doesn't want message believers. He doesn't want message culture, churchgoers. He wants Christ, the living God. He wants to live again in us. He wants surrendered, yielded vessels that he can possess and control in this hour. Amen. And he's got his Eden, his great Eden here to prove that the message is timely. It proves everything out there. Everything that you're seeing prophesied, my brothers and sisters out there, don't worry about the world falling apart. It proves the message is timely. It proves us the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. Just like Israel's the time piece. Amen. You look at Israel, you know where the bride is going. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Timely to prove it's not some other age. But Revelation 10, look at the hybriding today. It's Satan that's done it through education programs. Better fit, better this, better that. And not knowing all the time, they're walking straight into death. death spiritually. Churches walking right into death. Better this, better that. Blind leading the blind. Blind leaders of the nations. Oh, we can see that. Blind. Blind leaders of science. Blind leaders of the church. Blind lead in the blind. Jesus said, "Let them alone. They will both fall in the ditch. Hallelujah. God's plan before the foundation of the world in his mind. Hallelujah. He knew that every seed that he had prepared. Amen. In his mind, the names that are in the books, his book that was been open, he knew each and every one. He prepared everything. My brothers and sister, it doesn't matter if the world is in chaos, upside down. God in his mind. Amen. We are not connected to that. That has nothing to do with us. Amen. We are here this morning under the umbrella of the Holy Spirit, the word of God. Amen. We have nothing to do with that. God in his mind had prepared this morning. God in his mind has prepared you in his mind. Amen. God has called you, elected you. Amen. You are here this morning because the hand of God is upon your life. Whether you feel it, even whether you believe it or not, God has you here this morning. Amen. Cuz he prepared all things. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. The transformation in the bride is the quickening by the spirit of revelation. And the power in the word is to manifest the power to change and bring the seed to life. Hallelujah. The Bible describes new creation, the context of salvation and transformation that occurs when a person is in Christ. This idea suggests complete renewal both inwardly and outwardly. The old ways of life are replaced by the new ordered of the way of life. Amen. 2 Corinthians 5:17. Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he's a new creation. Old things have passed away. Behold, all things are made new. There is no room for that old life. You can't put this wine into old bottles. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Hebrews 6 Hebrews 11:6. Without faith, it's impossible to please him. For he that cometh to God must believe that he's a rewarder, and that he's a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Hallelujah. Let us talk about faith this morning. Hallelujah. I think faith is misunderstood. I think faith is misrepresented. Hallelujah. I think faith, a lot of people don't understand what faith is. They're mixed up. And we want to just touch on a few things. What real faith is this morning, the Lord willing. Hallelujah. And so when a man lives by faith, brother Brandham talking, and walks by faith, he goes, I mean substance faith, a new creature in Christ there. Now you're getting into bride material. So you see you're getting into rapturing condition now. That means each one of us, not just the pastor, the deacons, the trustees. That means for every ley, every individual that walks in a world with God alone. Okay, there's the evidence that is starting to break out now that what faith does in our lives, it causes us to walk with God alone in a world with God alone, not with one another. We love one another. We fellowship, but individually, we walk with God alone. That's what faith does when it comes into our lives. It gives us a new birth. It changes us. It makes us a new creature in Christ. It brings the life of God in us. And it makes us walk with God alone. Like brother Brandham said, he says, "You go create your own atmosphere, your own world, and go and live on it and live and walk with God in that world alone. Nobody's in there but you and Christ alone." Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Listen. He says, "Not a shadow of doubt nowhere is in there. You walk right on." If the Lord says there's nobody in the world can talk you out of it, there's nobody. You just go right on the same. You can't talk somebody out of this. They They weren't talked into it. They were birthed into it. Hallelujah. You can't explain somebody into this by knowledge. Amen. They were birthed into this by God himself. Hallelujah. People that get convinced that this this God sent a prophet convinced that that uh you know the the message is right and all that stuff and then next thing you know they they they they get they're convinced out. Then they come against the message. Then they they they uh say that the he's a false prophet. You see, I I when when when God called me, he called me supernaturally. I met Christ. I met him through deliverance. I met him through supernatural experiences. I didn't know God sent a prophet until months down the road. Then I realized that when I heard that voice of the prophet, but I seen the life. Hallelujah. Not just the miracles, signs and wonders, but I seen the the life that was in the prophet. That's what was my heart was going boom boom boom. Amen. Just like a a wife, you know, she sees her husband, her husband sees the wife, boom, boom. Love, Amen. That was eternal love that was striking my heart. My husband, Amen, was being revealed to me. He says here now you're coming into that perfect faith, perfect profession that cannot fail. That faith never fails. So he's talking about different kinds of faith here. Amen. That faith never fails. He was a mystic to them with his perfect faith. And so it is it now to those with perfect faith are mystic to others. Oh yeah. You're experiencing that. Amen. People just don't understand you. Hallelujah. You'll never understand me. I'm telling you that right now. You'll never understand a true son and daughter of God. Just like you'll never you'll never know where the the wind bloweth and where it lists the Holy Spirit and how he moves. I don't I don't know what I'm going to be doing the next minute to two minutes from now. Amen. I walk up here with notes. These are just notes. These are just written words. I don't know what God's going to say, what he's going to do. Amen. But we let him do what he wants to do. That is the way it is in everybody's life. We are we're strange. We are strangers in a strange land, my brothers and sisters. Hallelujah. Amen. The bride of Jesus Christ is recognizing she don't belong here. Jesus said, "This is not my world." Amen. This is not my world or my subjects would fight for me. But my world is a different kingdom. It's a different world. And I believe the kingdom has come. Hallelujah. Through the new birth, through the revelation of this hour, and I believe there's a people called the bride of Jesus Christ that are walking in that kingdom, walking in that world with Christ alone. Hallelujah. This is not about church, my brothers and sisters. Amen. It's not about a building or nothing. We are gathered together, whether it's here or whether it's outside. We're gathered under the umbrella of the Holy Ghost, the word of God. Amen. No matter who's speaking. Amen. is the word of God. Glory to God. Now listen to brother Brandham here. Now the word revelation which means unveiling perfectly describes the sculpture unveiling his work exposing the unlooker is uncovering revealing what was previously previously hidden. Now the uncovering is not only the revelation of the person of Christ, but it's the revelation of his future works in the unccoming seven church ages. The importance of revelation by the spirit to a true believer can never be overemphasized. Hallelujah. There's a reason why I'm reading this. Revelation means more to you than perhaps you realize. He's speaking something here. Just like I'm saying this morning. Amen. People don't fully understand what faith is. Hallelujah. And that's what he's saying here. More than you realize. Faith means more to you than what you realize. I'm not talking about the book of Revelations and you. I'm not talking about Revelations. It's tremendous important to the church. I'm talking about all revelations. Now listen, faith has to bring new life. Things have to be changed from earthly things to heavenly things. Faith, what does faith do? It separates us. When faith comes, so does separation. You don't have to separate yourself. When faith comes, it separates you. It does it automatically. Didn't the prophet say, "Amen." When Christ comes, it it's a life that automatically lives out of you. There's no effort. There's no strain. There's no pull. There's only a surrender yielding our vessels to him. Amen. Hallelujah. There are deep secrets things secret things that are only changing inside of the bride of Jesus Christ in this hour. What God is doing and going to vindicate that token life in her. This is a secret catching away. This is a secret work that's going inside the individual. It's not looking at one another. I'm afraid that the that like even Paul said, comparing one to another is, he said, is carnal, but we're still doing that. Comparing our spiritual walk with another person's spiritual walk. Comparing this gift with that gift, Amen. It's carnal. You can't compare. God broke himself up. Amen. He broke up his character, his his characteristics, and he broke it up and placed it in each individual. We're all unique. We're all different. Amen. That's why we have to recognize who we are. We have to find who we are in Christ. Not who I am. You don't need to know who I am. You see who I am. More and more. You can see who I am in Christ. You need to recognize you. your individual. Amen. Hallelujah. Revelation brings life, not knowledge. Knowledge is so close to revelation that people think they got revelation and they got a bunch of knowledge. The bride can discern that and see that. She has that ability because knowledge will never produce what faith really can produce, which is the life of Christ living out of her, not your good works. Amen. Not your good church attendance, not even self-control over yourself. It's not about self-control. All those things are respected. Amen. Not drinking, not smoking, not swearing, dressing right, doing your hair, not cutting your hair. All those things are respected. But it's not the life of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. It's not the true faith of God living and expressing out through you. That can be all expressed all these things through knowledge. But faith is not knowledge. It's so close it will deceive the very elected. Amen. It's not recall. It's not discipline. It's not all your sacrifices, which they're all respected, but it's not that. It brings the life of Christ. You have all these things by human effort, but not the life of Christ. God left that in his own hands. Amen. God swore by himself, I'm my own interpreter. I will make it plain. I don't need you to live my life. Just give me your heart. Give me your vessel and let me live your my life through you. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Do you feel that call? Do you feel that hunger? Do you feel that thirst inside of you for the life of God? Is there something inside of you pulling you? Amen. That you want more of that life? Hallelujah. That's what faith is. Amen. Those are good. But revelation brings new life. The pillar of fire. The logos lives inside of us, possessing us, controlling us, leading us and guiding us into perfect faith, perfect realization of who we are. That changes everything in our lives. Everything, my brothers and sisters. Oh, God. Brother Brown is speaking here. I'm going to get my energy drink just to make sure I'm clear this time. Hallelujah. It's the rising of the sun. All these things are just merely traditions. What good would any of it do whether you had Lent or not? If there's no life in you, now we're talking about faith, perfect faith. It's only a memorial, which there's nothing against it, but they have certainly carried out their traditions, but left off the main thing. Oh God, help us in this hour. We got the word of life. We got the message of life of the life of Christ. Help us not to leave off the main thing. Amen. Hallelujah. Satan doesn't care. Listen to me. I'm going to repeat it. Satan doesn't care how religious how messes religious you are, how right you are in your doctrine. If you miss that life, if you miss that life, you won't come up anyhow. No matter how religious, how good, how many churches or message churches you join or you belong to or will belong to, it doesn't matter one thing. Unless you have that life, unless you are born again. Hallelujah. One thing that took my heart when this word struck me. I I had to know I had to know without a shadow of doubt that I've been born again. Hallelujah. I had to know that I'm I'm his and he is mine. No matter how many supernatural experiences I had. Hallelujah. And over 33 and a half years or so, amen, walking with the Lord, he has kept me. Amen. He has raised a standard when he needs to raise a standard. When I have fallen many times, he has lifted me up. When I wanted to quit, when I wanted to go in the other direction, he came and kept me. Amen. I was kept by the power of God through faith. Through the faith of the new birth, I was kept by the power of God. Hallelujah. Not of my own works, not of my own ability. Amen. I'm not the best church attender. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm not the best anything when it comes to thing. Like Paul says, I'm the chiefest of sinners. I make the most mistakes here in my own eyes. But he kept me by the power of faith. By the power of God, he's keeping me this morning. And I will press on. I will press on. I will keep walking. I will keep moving forward. I will keep growing in Christ because of him. No matter what Satan throws at me. Hallelujah. It doesn't matter what he throws at me. Amen. God. Cuz I have a revelation that God placed a word inside of me and that word won't return void. I got a revelation that God watches over his word. More than anything, he watches over his word. Hallelujah. It's not about me, my feelings, my emotions. Amen. This day and age where everybody's feelings get hurt. Everybody gets offended. Oh, God. My brothers and sisters. Hallelujah. Pity parties. I've I've been there. Feel sorry for yourself. I'm nobody. Look at all my mistakes. Look at this. Look at that. Not about that, my brothers and sisters. When the revelation of life, the life of Christ comes inside of you, that don't mean nothing. This thing will not inherit the kingdom of God. This thing has to be changed in a moment and a trickle in an eye. This thing is what faith is separating me from. Hallelujah. I can't wait to get out of this thing. I can't wait to be translated. God has prepared this vessel to be changed in this hour. Oh, God. That's what's taking place, my brothers and sisters. Hallelujah. Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the Savior's body? Are you in this rapture this morning? Are you being quickened by the quickening power of the spirit of God this morning? We don't come for a church Sunday or Wednesday or Friday. We come to hear and be quickened by the word, by his spirit. Amen. Oh, God. Oh, more and more. More and more I need him. Not just church. I need him. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Greatest battle ever fought. Come out from amongst your people, Abraham. The thing of it is they're doubters and unbelievers. Have we recognized that yet? Have we matured above that yet? I love them all. all my family in that. But this this revelation that came to Abraham is the same revelation that came to me. Amen. Abraham, come out from amongst your people. Come out from amongst the doubters and unbelievers. Why? Why? Because they'll have you in the same condition. Amen. You don't find that. You don't find when you're around unbelievers and doubters too much and you're hanging out with them. Oh, he's my best friend from childhood. They pull you in. They pull you in. Hallelujah. Listen, I don't have to preach law. I don't have to preach. I don't have to preach dos and don'ts. The Holy Ghost preaches. If you got the Holy Ghost in your life, hallelujah. You got the conviction of God in your life. You got the life of God in your life. Abraham, when Abraham received that faith, what did what the Holy Spirit say? Come out. The Holy Spirit said, "Come out." separate. It's not man that says it. It's not law that says it. Holy Ghost says it. Come out and separate yourself for what? And live with me. What? You mean I can't live with the world and and live with Christ? No. No. Come out and live with me. Hallelujah. Who wants to live with him this morning? Who is living with him? Hallelujah. Amen. What is it? Leave all your conscience and senses behind you. We're talking about being prepared for this translation. And we we we're talking about the mighty angel has come down. Amen. It's not brother Tim. It's not any minister, but the mighty angels come down to prepare you for this translation, this transition that's taking place in your life. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Your conscience. Leave them behind. Open up your mind and remember it is me. Hallelujah. Jesus is saying, "Open up your mind when the word is coming forth and remember it's not me, the preacher." He's saying is remember it's me Christ. It's me speaking to you this morning. It's me speaking into your heart this morning. Hallelujah. Remember it's me. Open up your mind and remembers me. Come and live with me. Amen. Brother Brand says God is calling every seed of Abraham this morning to that same kind of what? Life. That same kind of life. God is calling every seed of Abraham this morning. Hallelujah. There's a different kind of life, amen, that the bride of Jesus Christ is living. There's a different kind of life that the spirit of revelation is revealing to the bride this morning, every morning. Amen. Into her heart. Hallelujah. Amen. The greatest battle is on now worldwide. God wants his children separating themselves from what? see, taste, feel, smell, hear. My God, Lord Jesus, help us all, even myself. This is only the first five senses he's asking us to separate from. And most of us can't even do that. Most of us are led by our eyes. Smell. You can't fast because as soon as you smell food, you want to eat. You can't hear. You can't hear the word of God because you're hearing all kinds of other things, all other kinds of voices. You can't hear his voice. Becoming totally dead to these senses brings Christ alive in your life. Amen. Now we'll go to the the the next five and see how we do. Imagination conscience, memory, reason, affections, and everything. He's saying he's saying separate. He said it doesn't matter if it does not agree with the word of God. Get rid of it. Let it go. Amen. If you want to play church, if you want to be religious, you want to be just a message believer, you don't have to listen to this. But if you want the life of Christ inside of you, you want the Holy Ghost to possess you, then get rid of it. If it doesn't agree with the word of God, paralyze it in your life. Bring it under subjection to the word of God. bring it under subjection to the faith that's being revealed to you. It's time to take control back from the devil. It's time to take control of this flesh. It's time to take control of our lives and let the word have the preeminence. They're preaching it out there, my brothers and sisters. They're preaching it out there. Take control. Positive mind, all these kind of things. self-control, self-discipline, all these things that's leading to nowhere, no purpose, no life. Amen. We doing these things as the spirit of God reveals to us what? For the life of Christ to manifest in our lives. Amen. Hallelujah. Listen, if you're a son and daughter of God, God is going to deal with you. He's going to deal with you. Hallelujah. if he has to lay you on your back. Amen. Whatever sickness has to come upon your life, he's going to deal with you. Hallelujah. And the greatest thing is that if you're a son and daughter of God, that's the greatest thing that could happen in your life. Do you know that God is dealing with you? Amen. He's not dealing with everybody this morning. I am sorry to say, I don't know who it is. That's not for me. That's not my position. That's for the judge. Amen. But he knows his own. He knows every elected seat of God. He know all that came out of his mind and all that was with him before the foundation of the world. And all them will come back to him. Amen. And all them that will hear his word. Every time they hear his word, there's something that's pulling on them inside for that kind of life. Amen. To pull them back into that kind of life. Where we we getting pulled back into the the atmospheres of God. We're getting pulled back into the other dimension where God is. We come from God. We go back to God. God is pulling us back up, my brothers and sisters. Hallelujah. What a revelation that is breaking. Amen. The capstone revelation in this hour. The mighty angel is only revealing it to his own. Those who are elected for the rapture. Yes. Everybody else will hear the prophet's voice on those tapes. But the bride of Jesus Christ will hear the mighty angel's voice in this hour. If you can't figure that out, my brothers and sisters, then forgive me. But this is the truth. A lot of things that are preached are in mysteries and parables, but the Holy Spirit will reveal it. If you're walking with the the word of God, you're walking with the spirit of God in this hour. You're walking with the spirit of revelation. He's speaking to you. Not just when you come here. No, he's speaking to you all the time. He lives inside of you. He's showing you things to come. He's revealing things to you in the week in the deadness of the hour of the midnight hour. He's speaking to you. He wakes you up. He speaks to you. You're washing dishes. You're driving car. No matter what you're doing, the Holy Ghost is revealing. Amen. Revelation after revelation. Amen. You're walking up Jacob's ladder like this. The word of God is constantly unfolding. He's not decreasing. Amen. The prophet is decreasing. But Jesus Christ is increasing in the bride of Jesus Christ. He's increasing in this hour. Oh, hallelujah. We thank God for all the men of God, but we It's him. Hallelujah. Open up your mind to let every word of God come and march that word. That's a real soldier. Not what's been written, not the written word. It's the life of Christ that comes out of the written word. Amen. In this hour. Hallelujah. Yes. Greatest battle ever fought. Let us move on here. Got a lot more to say. Amen. This great battle, you know, somebody told me, you know, relax. It's all by grace. I, you know, I I know it's all by grace. I believe in grace. If it wasn't for grace, where would I be? But see, when grace is spoken without any understanding of what real grace is, I don't like it. Okay. Because I know it's all by grace. But I also know that we're in a battle. I'm in a battle. Oh yeah. I'm in a battle between life and death. And that will never stop until I'm out of here. Amen. I experience rest. I experience grace. I experience peace. It's always in here. The storm could be raging on the outside, but there's all peace and calmness here because Jesus is in the boat. Hallelujah. Amen. But I believe there's a great battle going on and it will continue to go on. And I believe if you're not in this battle, then Satan's got you. He's got you. Hallelujah. And here we are preaching the word of God. Maybe something will happen. When the word of God is coming forth, when it's being preached, no matter who's preaching it, it will shake you. Something will happen to wake you up. I believe this morning there's people that need to be woken up spiritually, not religiously, but spiritually woken up to this battle that's taking place that's happening around us. Hallelujah. And if you're a son and daughter of God, you're predestinated. Amen. God is determined to wake you up. Amen. Hallelujah. What is the Satan's weapon is disbelief. To get you to disbelieve your weapon. To disbelieve who you are and what God says you are in this hour. That's Satan's greatest weapon. That's what we battle. No matter what battle comes in our lives, it's always to make us disbelieve who we are. Satan will come and say, "Oh, yeah, this is a brother. He's a He's anointed brother of God. This is a daughter of God. This is a son of God. But who are you? Come on. You're that word. Really? You're that word? But you know what, my brothers and sisters, there's such a a perfect faith. That's why they call it perfect faith. Perfect realization that's taking place right now. Is a five-fold ministry doing that work? No. No man can do that work. Only the only he can do that work. put that perfect faith realization inside of you. So that you come to a place when these battles come your way, you go, "Oh, it's just you, Satan." Hallelujah. It's just you, Satan. Just you trying to make me disbelieve this, make me disbelieve who I am. Get behind me, Satan. Isn't that what we're commanded to do? Resist the devil. Resist the unbelief. And he shall flee. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Most of the times we come in here instead of receiving the word of God. We come in here condemned. We come in here with condemnation. We come in here with guilt upon us. And God tries to break that and break that and break that so that you can receive something of who you are. So that you can receive something to recognize who you are. so that you can get strength and stand as a son and daughter of God in this hour. Built up built up in this word, built up in Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. And Satan's weapon against you, he's trying to get you to disbelieve your weapon. If he does, he disarms you. Let's listen. If he can get you to disbelieve your weapon, that it's no good, that your weapon ain't strong enough. Oh man, that's a that's a big one. That's a big one. You look at the things in your life right now. You look at the challenges in your life. You look at the weaknesses in your life. You look at where you are in your life, the condition that you are in your life. The first thing he's going to come to do is take that word and say it's not strong enough for you to overcome. You don't got enough of that faith that he's talking about this morning inside of you to overcome. Then you should have a desperation inside of you. I want that faith. Listen, when I was overcoming things in my life that I needed God, listen, I let nothing get in the way of it. I'm going to tell you how it came for me. Everybody comes a little different, but I'm telling you, some things never change. E, and Brother Brand, Matthew, he preached the token message. He preached desperation. I'm sorry. Desperation will never change in our lives. And I knew I needed faith for deliverance. I knew I needed more faith. Hallelujah for for change in my life. So I got desperate. I put everything aside. Everything came second best in my life. Everything. God became first. And let me tell you when you really truly put God first. Not say you do. I don't God don't care. And a real child of God don't care about your lip service. don't care how much you brag on how good you are and how it works and how much you read your Bible and all that. That don't mean nothing to God. Then he say that oh their their outward doings, Amen, with their hands and their works, but their hearts are far from me. And did the Lord say that? The Lord knows the heart. He knows deep down in the heart when you really put God first in your life. Hallelujah. And you get desperate. That is between life and death. The prophet said that you need God, you need deliverance, you need a change in your life, God will come and meet that need right there, that desire, that that desperation. He never rejects a desperate heart. Amen. Oh, God. I don't know why I'm going off on all this. There's none of my notes. I'm trying to move here in in in such a way to try to figure out something here. Amen. God is just moving me in different directions this morning. God, I believe, is speaking to somebody. Amen. God's trying to get a hold of somebody's heart, somebody's life this morning. And tell them, Amen. What you're feeding off, what you think is faith is not faith. Faith is the life. My life when it comes inside of you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. The great hour charge is at hand. Faith and doubt sitting in their self array this morning in this tabernacle I believe is here this morning. Faith and doubt is sitting on everybody's heart this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Doubt on one side, faith on the other. Soldiers, stand at your post of duty. Our captain of the morning star, Amen. I can say the mighty angel, Amen, is here. He never goes back. He don't know the word retreat. He don't have to retreat. She's going right on in here now. See the battle? Yes, sir. Between life and death, between sickness and health, between faith and death. Oh my. Between liberty and bondage. The battle is on this morning, my brothers and sisters. I'm not just reading a quote. This is reality here this morning. If you can break into the spirit. Amen. Break into Christ desperation. Amen. And realize this is taking place this morning. Lord, I'm here this morning. Lord, show me, reveal to me, Lord, where I'm at in my walk with you, oh God, draw me closer. Amen. You leave these doors. Amen. The same people you came in, what happens? Death takes place. Amen. The the tree that's by the water. Amen. It rottens quicker. Your life will rotten quicker. Amen. You want to leave outside of these doors with your heart burning with inside of you because you came in contact with Jesus Christ with real faith this morning. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. I don't know how much you got to pound it in by the spirit of God. Amen. Your message believing and your message coming to a message church, you're believing in God sent a prophet ain't going to do nothing for you on that day. Unless I see the token, unless I see the blood, I'll pass over you. Is that's what we want this morning. Stop letting Satan put a screen smoke screen over your life from getting to Christ, from getting to that life, from getting to that token. Amen. Sell everything. Leave everything in your life. Get Christ. Amen. Whatever it takes. What's more important? What's more important to you than Christ? Getting that token of this hour. What can what compares to Christ? To the word of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh my. My my brothers and sisters, God knows what he's doing this morning. I don't I really don't. Hallelujah. Oh my. Let me skip over some stuff here. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. This battle has been raising raging since the prophet proclaimed God's word in these last days about the bride of Jesus Christ becoming the very image of the word made flesh again to fulfill the prophecies of the body change. Oh yeah this he hates that. Satan hates that. Hallelujah. This battle is raging and being won and overcome by the word of God that's in the bride of Jesus Christ. Oh yes, it's being won. There is overcomers. Amen. There's overcomers here this morning. Amen. Even now as we're speaking, the spirit of God is in individuals overcoming. Hallelujah. Amen. and taken her position in the capstone and God's appointed time perfect faith will accomplish finish in her and bring the final climax of the body change the rapture. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Jesus said in uh Luke 18:8, he asked when the son of man comes back will he find faith? Oh, he finds a lot of message churches. He finds a message, a lot of knowledge, a lot of intellectual knowledge, a lot of education. Yeah, right here in the message. A lot of educated preachers. Amen. A lot of knowledge preachers. But will I find faith? What do you think he was saying? Who was speaking? Jesus. What was he saying? Well, I find faith. He knows. He doesn't have to ask. He knows. Will I find my life living in individuals when I come back? It's my life I'm looking for. He ain't looking for nothing else. I'm looking for the token, the door, the blood, the Old Testament over the doorpost. The death angel will pass when he sees the blood. You think that's changed? You think because you believe that God sent a prophet and you're in a message and you have the capability to reading and listen to the message tapes that means that blood is over the doorpost of your heart. And you're still living for yourself. You're living for your own desires, your own pleasures of this life. Hallelujah. You're living for your your own purposes, your own plans. It's not I'll make my plans and God will get into them and change them because I give him the preeminence. But I'll make my plans and I Lord will you get into my plans. Will you will you will you do what I want to be to be done in my life? I want to go here. You know I I I it's true. It's true when they say I feel led to do this. Yeah, you do feel led to do that. Not the Lord leading you to do that. You feel led to do all these kind of things in your life. But it never never you never get led to to surrender your life to Jesus Christ. You never get led to commit your life to Jesus Christ. You never get led, Amen, to surrender all to Jesus Christ. But you get led and you want God to to be in your leading, in your leading, in your guiding, not his. Hallelujah. Man's ability to understand God is zero. Isaiah 55. For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, sayeth the Lord. For the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts. Proverbs 3:5, "Trust in the Lord with all thy heart. Lean not to thy own understanding, and all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy path. I didn't know that the scripture was going to come up next that I had there. Hallelujah. But God knows. God knows what he's speaking here. God knows what he's doing here. I'm just I'm just a vessel to to speak what he wants me to speak. Amen. Let the word go forth. Amen. And let it land in the good ground that is supposed to land in today and produce fruit, produce the life of Christ, produce change in our lives this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. Listen, my brothers, sisters, faith is not by your own education, your own reasoning, your own own ability to figure things out, comparing scripture with scripture, comparing quotes with quotes and all these things because man doing that always misinterprets, misplaces, and misrepresents the word of God. Listen, we talk about there's uh how how many thousands or whatever denominations out there and how many different truths out there. You talk about that serpent that brother Brandon tried to cut off, but he's seen it get into the message. What about the message? How many different doctrines are out there? How many different interpretations are out there? Oh my. God is not the author of confusion. Amen. The spirit of God is the same spirit. Amen. That reveals truth. Amen. He's not the author of confusion. All this confusion out there is because there's a lack of faith. Lack of real faith. Comparing scriptures and quotes and having a having an even having an understanding of the mysteries is not real faith. Amen. Faith is the life of Christ. When Christ is inside you, his life, he interprets his word. Amen. He won't misplace it, but he'll divide the truth. Rightfully, divide the truth and speak the same thing. I believe the bride with the spirit of Christ in her is speaking the same thing in this hour. Amen. No matter where she is around the world, it's not everybody in the message, but those who are anointed of the word of God, of the revelation of what God is doing in this hour. It's present truth. Hallelujah. Today, 2025, this written word, this written message has got to be revealing. It's got to be opening up. Present truth has got to be revealing to us those seven thunders has got to be start thundering my brothers and sisters bringing that faith that rapture and faith that life of Christ inside of her to such a place that this body can't contain him anymore. Hallelujah. Oh God. Hallelujah. The birth is a messy thing. It's a messy thing. It's between life and death. Hallelujah. God didn't make me a preacher to preach nice things, make you feel good, pat you on the back. Amen. Hallelujah. Sometimes a sword is swinging. That's the way God built me. Everyone has a part in the body. God built me that way. Amen. I don't know why I, but I see life and death. I I see this is this is I preach real experience. I preach the experience that I have of God, what God is revealing to me. I preach a God that's real to me and how he's showing me. Amen. And he I I I don't want to be up here. A real minister of God. It's an awful place to be up here. It's an awful thing we go through before we get up here and after we get down from here. Like brother Brand says, I'd rather be down there receiving eternal life than being up here and going through what we go through. But God portioned that in me. I can't do nothing. The more the life of Christ comes inside of me, the more I got to stand up here and project that life that he's revealing to me. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. I'm not going to answer on that day, my brothers and sisters. Amen. A as a a preacher to pat you on the back. Amen. Oh God, help me. Help each and every one of us that preach this word. Hallelujah. That tell you the truth in your face. You need to repent. You need to be born again. I don't care about being in the message. You need that new birth. You need to die out. You need to get it. If it's the only thing in your life you get, get it. Brother Ram says, get that life inside of you. Don't stop. He says, "Don't stop for nothing, but get that life inside of you. Get out of your comfort zone. Get out of your okay. None of us are okay. We're in a battle here between life and death. Hallelujah. Oh my. God is determined and prepared to bring his word to pass in us by faith. Faith is everything. Without faith, it is impossible to please God. All things are made known and revealed to the bride of Jesus Christ by faith. Peter knew that Jesus was the Christ by faith. John 16:13, "When the spirit of truth comes, it will guide you and lead you to all truth and make known to the bride of Jesus Christ who she is." The capstone revelation that reveals new knowledge or revelation of God's plan at the end time revelation. The capstone is the final cap off of all revelations to complete perfect faith in the bride. And she is predestinated to fulfill because she is the final voice to the final age. But she needs to be under that revelation of his life to be that voice. Not because you quote brother Brandham and you say what he says makes you the final voice. No, you know, you're taking away from the word of God. You're pointing people to different directions and not pointing them to Christ. It is not it's not the written word. It's the life that's written. is not written or could never be impersonated by Satan and his followers. Hallelujah. Amen. This spirit that was in the prophet spoke out and says, "I'll ride this trail again." Amen. This other words, this life that was living inside of me that took me and m matured me into a son of God and brought me to that place of full surrender to Christ will ride in the bride of Jesus Christ in this hour. He's not coming back, my brothers and sisters. There's a bunch of foolishness. People believe in that. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Let me just skip over things here. Hallelujah. Brother Brandon, speak here now. The Holy Spirit is here on earth looking out those individuals that God has ordained to life in this age. Not the Leoian age as we know, but the rapture age, the bride age, the capstone age. And as soon as he finds it, he does just like he did on Jesus Christ, the great super son of God who redeemed all of us and comes down and takes his place and abro abroads into human life. Amen. And now notice brought the quickening power. Now that quickening power that comes upon Jesus quicken him to manifest every promise of the word for his day. So does the Holy Spirit come upon us in this day. And it's not a mockery of the Holy Spirit if it's not I if it's not the devil mocking the Holy Spirit, but it is real true Holy Spirit. Amen. What he's talking about there is that people are just mocking the real Holy Spirit and the bride of Jesus Christ. Remember who's going to come against the bride that is prophesied to come against the bride? It's people right here in the message. They're going to come against the bride because they're going to come against that life. Satan hates that life, right? Hallelujah. Amen. When it fell upon Luther, it manifested that promise of the hour. When it fell upon Wesley, it manifested that promise of the hour. When it falls in this day, it manifested the promise of this hour. When it fell upon Moses, it manifested the promise of that hour. Fell upon Noah, same thing. It manifested the promise of that hour. When it fell upon Jesus, it manifested the promise of that hour. It's the Holy Spirit coming down quickened and made alive to those people that have been fore orained by God to be in the rapture. Amen. Look what we've seen in this day. The quickening power has come to us. The opening of the seven seals. What was it? The intelligence of men? No, the quickening power of God. See, the quickening power of God foretold this would take place. See, the quickening power made the world testify that it is the truth. Oh, there's still another mighty short quick work, a a mighty manifestation that God is going to do in the bride of Jesus Christ. God is preparing a bride right now. Amen. For that mighty move of God. And the very seventh angels which represents the seven church ages all completed. We couldn't even see it. They did they took the picture not us. They were standing there. You see who was it? The supreme judge showing that he is the alpha, the omega, the beginning, the end. What identification? Quickening power did that to us. Quickening power lets us see his coming. Quickening power snatches us from death to life. Quickening power gives discernment to know what's right and what's wrong. What to do and what not to do. What has to be done and what ought not to be done. What should be done quick and empower and all these things as I invite the musicians up. There's a lot more to say. Hallelujah. As I close it off. Amen. Hallelujah. I just got nothing left. I'm being honest with you, my brothers and sisters. I got nothing left inside of me. Everything's been taken out of me. Hallelujah. But that's good. Somebody received something. [Applause] Okay. We're not to come together and talk about the message. We're to come together and get in the message. The message is Christ. He is the word. We're to get beneath it, in it. He's not responsible for anybody outside of it, any person out from underneath the blood. No matter what, he's not responsible. You hear me this morning? All had to take not only himself, but this whole family. There's only one safe spot is under that token. Hallelujah. 1 Corinthians 5:50. Now this I say, brethren, that flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God, neither do corruption inherit incorruption. Behold, I show you a mystery. We shall not all sleep, but we shall be changed, transformed in a moment, in the twinkle of an eye, at the last trump. For the trumpet shall sound, and I believe it's sounded. Hallelujah. And the dead shall rise. I believe dead are rising, coming to life, incorruptible, and we shall be changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. Let us stand. Hallelujah. God bless you saints. Hallelujah. Thank the Lord for his grace this morning. Father, just have your way this morning, Father. I gave everything I could give, Father, but I can't give I can't give what's needed, Lord. Let their hearts leave burning with inside of them. Lord, that the quickening power quickened them. Father, your word went forth and healed the people, delivered the people. Have your way now. Father, I commit each and everyone in your hands in Jesus name. [Applause] Amen. Praise God. Jesus is passing. Hallelujah. He wants to pass his way today. Is there anyone that has a need here today? Amen. Praise God. I see so many uplifted hands. Glory to God. Did he speak to your heart today? Did he say, "Let me in. Let me have all of you. Let me be your absolute. Amen. Praise God. He's still the same. He's an He's a healer. Glory to God. Amen. Brother Desmond, do we have oil here? Praise God. Hallelujah. Sister Joy, if you want to come forth, I'm going to pray for you. [Music] Sister, be in prayer, saints. If there's something you have need of this afternoon, say, "Lord, remember me. I need a touch from you." Praise God. Yes. Come and anoint our sister. We have it, brother Desmond. We're fine. [Music] Come. The Bible says in James that if they be sick or afflicted that they can come to the elders of the church. They can be anointed with oil which is a representation of Jesus Christ. And we are his representatives. He dwells and lives within us today. Joy, do you believe the word? Amen. We've anointed you with oil. You've been having severe pain in your neck. Father, Lord, as the elders of the church, according to thy word, we lay hands upon our sister. We've anointed her, oh God. And in the name of Jesus Christ, may your spirit come Lord and touch her neck, touch her body, every muscle, every atom, every molecule that's been afflicted, that's been affected by this pain. Dissolve now in the name of Jesus Christ and be made perfectly whole and give the glory unto the Lord Jesus Christ. joy go and let the joy of the Lord be your strength in Jesus name. Amen. Praise God. Amen. There was many uplifted hands. Glory to God. Father, you saw every uplifted hand here today. Lord, we know that you're you're mindful, Lord. You're you're desiring, Lord, that we should ask. And Lord God, in the name of Jesus Christ, every uplifted heart, every desire that's according to your will, Lord, may you come down and rest upon those hearts and lives this afternoon, Lord. And may they leave different than when they came in, oh God. May your spirit go and move in their lives, Lord. You know the areas that they need to open the door and let you in, Lord. Oh God, if there's unconfessed sin there, Lord God, may they open that door and say, "Lord, forgive me. Lord, I lay it at the altar. I lay it at your feet. Lord, I don't want to continue this way. I don't want to move in this way anymore. I want my life to be changed. I want your life to have the preeminence and the control, Lord. I want you to be the control tower, oh God. Lord, may you just do it in in a in a supernatural way, Lord. May lives be transformed. May they know that they have met Jesus Christ, the living God. Lord Jesus, we pray. Father, we just we just commit our brother Tim into your hands, Lord. May you res uh refresh him and strengthen him, oh God. Lord, let your word just do a mighty work. And Lord, we just appreciate your word today, Father. We so appreciate your anointing, Lord, that you would come and you would lip to ear to the hearts of your people, oh God. Lord, this is a sovereign hour, Lord, where we just want to know, Lord, that that we're walking with you, Father. Grant it, Lord. Let your grace come to each and every one, Lord, and sweep into the hearts, oh God, and have your way, Lord. Glory to God. [Music] Oh Lord, create in me a clean heart. Oh God, search your hearts and renew a right spirit within [Music] me. Create me a great God. [Music] and renew our [Music] spirit. Oh, cast me away from the presence. [Music] Take my spirit from [Applause] me. Restore to me the joy of my salvation. your right spirit within me. Oh, cast me not away. You cast away [Music] from the Holy Spirit from me. Oh to me the joy of my salvation of my spirit in me. Cast me not willing. Cast me [Music] not take my [Music] to me joy and renew my spirit with me. Hallelujah. Amen. I just want to sing one song before we leave. I've been on the mountain with Jesus. I've been in the valley so long. But never one time he has failed me to him with my troubles. I go let me try. Hallelujah. But I feel you have some announcements. Okay. So I've been on the mountain with Jesus and I've been to found thee so long. But never one time I see faith me to him with my trles I go. Oh, so let me walk with you, Jesus. Don't let me alone. For without you, I could never make my own. Praise the Lord. Amen. You all be seated just for a moment. Got a few announcement. Uh could peace come up please? Amen. To do our purposedriven statement. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. [Music] Our vision is to be a lifechanging ministry transforming the world one person at a time. Our purpose is to bring people to Jesus for membership in his family, growing them into maturity, equipping them for ministry to fulfill their purpose of glorifying God. We are changing lives forever. Amen. And amen. Pray God you have a change today in your life. Come in one way and you're going to be going out better. Amen. Praise God. We have a a camp coming up, the Villa Shalom Camp from the 16th to the 19th of May in Quebec. And there's still some room for the youths to attend to that. So if you are planning to go just see brother Alvin Amen after church. Amen. I believe it's all on our website. All the particulars, all the information is on the website. I believe you have until next Sunday to register. So there's still some room available for some youth. Amen. So if you have that uh intentions to go and also if you're not uh financially capable just speak to him too. Amen. Praise God. Um next Sunday is our nursing home ministry which is down the street here. Amen. So be prepared for that. Um praise the Lord. Hope you enjoy the message today. So the faith that God has already placed in you, let it be activated today. Amen. Hallelujah. So God richly bless you. You go out, be a blessing to others. Let your life be a living testimony of the grace of God in your life. Continue praying for one for the other. Amen. And God bless you. Have a wonderful Sunday evening. Amen. Amen. As we leave, sing, "Are you in the church triumphant? Are [Music] you touching to the body and [Music] forever to the body? All baptized. [Music] There is [Music] bless. Oh, are you triumphant? Are [Music] you my [Music] and your [Music] Yes. Are you ready? Are you ready? Are [Music] you baptized into the body and forever [Music] I want you [Music] to win the church. [Music] Oh, come and be [Music] my Are you ready? Are you ready, church? Are you ready? Are you ready? Come with me. Come with me. [Music] Are you ready? Are you ready? Are you [Music] seeing to the body and forever more abide and forever and forever more? [Music]
