################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - Redemption Is In Three Parts - Minister Philip Bobie-Frimpong - Philip Bobie-Frimpong.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-25
Title:   Redemption Is In Three Parts - Minister Philip Bobie-Frimpong
Speaker: Philip Bobie-Frimpong
Church:  Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1DAdeQSh-FM
========================================

Description:
Minister Philip Bobie-Frimpong
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Hallelujah. Amen. I made a desire to draw nearer unto him this morning. Hallelujah. Could you clip up that song for me? Draw me nearer. I am dying. Oh, I have died and it all I love to me. But I to the Indians and be close to me. Oh [Music] sh to the [Music] cross to the precious. consecrate me. [Music] I find the power [Music] of my soul and my [Music] [Applause] will be there. [Music] where now I call [Music] me Ious. What a joy. [Music] Oh, I'm a [Music] s [Music] I know my I [Music] can sing with Draw me ner draw [Music] me through the cross thous. [Music] soon I [Music] swing there depends of love that I [Music] can't [Applause] [Music] see of joy. that I can [Music] I will be there blessing you. I swear I'll stand from the air blessing Lord to thy graciously. One more time. Draw me nearer. Draw me nearer. Draw me nearer. [Music] blessed to the ghost. Thou must draw me in the [Music] world to thy [Music] preious. Amen. Think about his love on think about his goodness. Think about his grace and brought us through. So might as the heavens above. So great is the special of father. [Music] I bring to you fast. Think about his love. Think [Music] about his and [Music] br as high as the heavens above. Oh, praise the me of our praise. Think about his love. Oh, think about his love and think about his good. Think about his grace and brought his food for us. High is the heavens above. Great is the measure of God. Great is the measure. [Music] Hallelujah. Great is the measure of our father's love. Amen. Hallelujah. So undeserving, but he still loved us. Hallelujah. Greetings. Welcome into the house of the Lord. Amen. We came to worship. Amen. Hallelujah. I woke up Saturday morning singing this song. When the role is called up yonder, I'll be there. What a declaration this morning. You believe that this morning? Let's labor for the master. Amen. We're in partnership with God. Amen. When the roll is called up. When the road is called up. When the road is called I know when the road is going to be right. And the trumpet all [Music] shing into the earth shall guide over the glory of blood. I know it's [Music] fall when the world is [Music] fall on that ride and powerless on that brightest morning when the living and the glory of his resurrection [Music] shen when the road is falling down. And the road is gone. I know when the road is under the road and his neighbor let us for the master from the dark set. Let us stop all this wonder. And then when all is over and over and the road is [Applause] fall and the road and the road is going to the road. is going to find the better road is going to the road. And when the road is [Music] fall when the [Music] [Applause] world is born. Hallelujah. What a promise this morning. Hallelujah. Somebody give him praise this morning. Let the book live in me. Dear, Lord, show me myself within I. Show me myself and show me my savior love. The book live. Let the word live in me. Oh, let the word live in me in love. Show me myself. Wait in my world. Show me myself and show me my Savior. Bless your word. One more time. Let the book. Oh, let the book play in me in Lord. Show me [Music] my Show me my show. Hallelujah. Let us bow our hearts before the Lord this morning. Father, we are so grateful this morning that we can be here. You have called us here this morning. Lord, we are not here by chance. Father, we are here because the hand of God orchestrated us to be here this morning. Lord, I believe that with all my heart, Father, that nothing to a son and daughter of God is by chance, oh God. Everything happens for a purpose and everything happens for a reason, Father. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love you, Father. And truly, Lord, you woke us up this morning, Father, with a purpose in your heart, Father, to accomplish something within our lives today, Father. Whether we are aware of it or we're not aware of it, Father. That's why we trust in you, Father, this morning. And we come into your house this morning, Lord. Not in just a building, but into your presence, oh God, desiring to hear the voice of God speak to us this morning, Lord. Father, we are on a journey of perfect faith. Father, you're determined in this hour is to bring a bride to manifestation. Father, to all the prophecies that were spoken over her in these last days through a prophet, Father, to bring that word into manifestation. For you said, "My word won't return to me void, but it will accomplish, Lord." And that's why we're gathered here this morning, Lord. My heart is seeking, Father, for that word to open up to me, Lord, for for a greater faith to come in my life, Father. Lord, and we know by hearing the word of God, hearing the spirit of God speak this morning, Lord, my faith will increase this morning, Lord. I will leave out of this building, Father, a different person than I came in. Father, I will leave I will leave changed and transformed, Father, because I believe that's what has been spoken in this hour, Lord. And I believe that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever, oh God. And you cannot change, Lord. This is a gospel that is real to me, Lord. This is a living word of God. And I believe this morning, Lord, there are living epistles read of all men here, Lord God. And we come together. We unite together, Father, to strengthen our faith together, Lord. Lord, there's a there's a gathering this morning of pillars of fire here, Lord. And Lord Jesus, I know the devils, they gather and they streak together and they they strengthen each other, Lord. But tonight, today, Father, we have gathered the pillars of fire to strengthen faith this morning, Lord, that the house might be full of faith, oh God, full of deliverance, Lord, full of healing, full of transformation this morning, oh God. Lord, humble our hearts this morning. If there be any sin, oh God, let it be repented this morning. Lord, let us, we must always, Father, come before your throne with a repented heart, Lord Jesus. Wash and cleanse every sin. Break every chain. Lord, bind every power of Satan, every power of unbelief here this morning. We are in a great battle this morning. Don't think we come to church and Satan is not here that disturb to hinder and distract us even as we are sitting right in the pew from the word of God. Father, there's a great battle going on. But we take faith this morning. Each and every one of us that believe this morning, we join our faith together, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. And we bind every power of Satan. We bind the atmospheres of unbelief so that the sons and daughters of God may have the liberty this morning, oh God. You shall tread on serpents. You shall speak to this mountain. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, let your word come forth this morning. Lord, you place a a message, you place a thought on your servant's heart, Lord. Father, let him have the liberty this morning, oh God, to bring that word of God. Let it land right into the hearts of your people this morning, Lord. May it cause change and transformation. Loose him this morning. Give him utterance, Lord, to speak what you have given into his heart. Lord, let let there not be any hindrance, Lord God. Put a wall of fire and a hedge around him from the fiery darts of the enemy. I know darts will be coming at him, Lord, that try to stop the word of God that you placed in his heart. But Lord God, we pray and we fortify him by the blood of Jesus Christ this morning in the name of Jesus. And we bind every power of Satan so that that word can come to me this morning. I want my portion this morning, Lord. I want my word this morning, oh God. Hallelujah. That's what I live for. That's why I exist for that's why I breathe today, Father, is for to worship you and receive what you have for me today. Lord, bless the songs of Zion. Lord, as they create the atmosphere and the liberty for the word, the most important part to come forth today, Lord, bless and touch each and everyone. Healing is our bread. Deliverance is our bread this morning. Believe it this morning. Without believing and having faith in the spoken word, you cannot have nothing but believe this morning that God is more than able to do what exceedingly abundant what we can even ask for this morning. Is anything too hard for the Lord? No. There will be a bride. There will be a rapture. There will be a translation in this hour. Lord, bless our pastor, his precious wife. continue to strengthen them and and lift them up. Father, we fortify them under the blood of Jesus Christ this morning. Lord, we lift their hands up as Joshua and Caleb lift Moses's hands up and we speak strength, power, refreshing anointing. Lord, that you place the gift to lead and guide your people. Grant these things, Father, in Jesus name we ask. Amen. Let's let's give him a hand up this morning. Hallelujah. Come, brother Bill. Let's take the tien offering. Hallelujah. Lord, we're so grateful for this opportunity to bring back ti offerings in your house this morning. We use it for your honor and glory. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Come brother Bill. Amen. T offering. Amen. Hallelujah. Can you put up for us the faith versus Amen. How many is constantly being relying on God to give us faith? How many? Amen. Our song this morning is from faith unto faith. We're moving forward this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] I can imagine [Music] myself. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] N. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Wow. I see. Heat. Heat. [Music] What was it? God is my only [Music] I'm here in your [Music] [Music] face. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] I'm sorry. [Music] I can see the [Music] heaven. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I love the way I'm [Music] g to overcome this world. I got the heat. [Music] of the Jes. [Music] Sh. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. We're depending on him this morning. From faith unto faith. Amen. Hallelujah. Line upon line, precept upon precept. Here a little, there a little. Amen. How many believe it's manifest in time? Let's stand this morning. Let's sing this song. Give me the key of C. The voice of my beloved quickly [Music] comes to [Music] [Applause] [Music] I oh it's mighty blessing. The fruit surrounded by [Music] fire is coming in plain view. Oh to catch redemption glorify that lovely one that's the grapes are yours and mine. The grapes are yours and mine. Little fox [Music] sp keep your eyes keep your eyes on things above. Look at me on you. See that lovely one that's coming in you and it's manifesting. It's manifesting time. The fruits on the vine and the love is coming with you. Oh go through the night. Redemption drawing. See our lovelyness coming in. Oh, in the path of the rock in the secret place so [Music] high [Music] away. Oh, in that mountain a sweet coming true. He's that lovely one that's coming and it's mighty for all the love of the earth with you. [Music] Oh Lord's chosen by drawing by. He's that lovely one that's coming in with you. It's mighty fastest. It's mighty. All the fruits are on the [Music] fire. His coming for you. Oh, great redemption. Joy. He's that lovely one who's coming in with you. [Music] For I know whom I believe in and I'm persuaded and he save to keep the great [Music] Happy day. [Music] I know my God's much grace to me. I know I unworthy Christ. Oh, I know. Yes, I know. Oh my and I'm [Music] [Applause] [Music] persuading grace to [Applause] [Music] behind and I know yes I know I know I know my and I was waiting and he to keep that which I today. [Applause] Oh, I know I love you. Spirit know my name of [Music] s Jesus through the word fing. I know. Yes, I know. I know. I know. Oh, I believe I was easy to keep that. Oh, [Music] I'm know I know I know. Oh, I persuaded and he is to keep that which one more time. I know. I know. Sing it like you already know it. I know. I know. I know. I believe. Oh, and I persuade. my oh to keep that which are completed unto him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We have a blessed assurance that our salvation is sure this morning. Amen. I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of I'm so glad that I can see I'm in that number. I'm in that number. I'm not much. I'm in that number. I'm in that number. I'll be number one. I'm not wash [Music] I so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Hallelujah. One of them. One of them. Can you give me the verse? All I can do one of them. There are people there are people almost whose hearts are all when the firef on which cleans and made them clean and it's burning. I will in my heart of glory to estee. I'm so glad that I can say that. I'm in that number. I'm in that number. I'm in that number. I'm in that number. I'm in that number. I'm in that number. I'm in that [Music] number. I'm in that number. I'm in that [Music] number. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] [Music] Let's give God an applause for a wonderful song service. Please be seated. Hallelujah. Amen. Yeah. Um yesterday, brother Paul had a wonderful wedding. They did a traditional one and then they did a the one in the church. I think the building is like um story building. It was all over a lot of people. So he was so happy and they thank the church for their prayers. and former pastor Simon also spoke through right there this morning and he sent his his greetings to everyone of you that you have a wonderful time over there. So we waiting we're looking forward for God to bring them back safely. Um without wasting much time and let's pray. Oh our gracious eternal God, you are the great physician, the sympathizing Jesus. Kindly heavenly father, you never lose a battle. You are always on a winning side and you promise you never leave us nor forsake us. Father, your word is eternal and that word cannot fail because you cannot fail and your word will never fail. And you promise that your word do not come out void unless accomplish what it was sent for. So today, may your word come forth and accomplish a purpose for your children's life. Come and speak to us. Forgive me of anything I've done wrong. Take me aside. Help me, Lord. I can be a blessing to your children. It's all about your bride here, Lord. Not about me or anyone. It's about you, Lord. Please come and take full control, binding it on like bless everyone here in Jesus name. Amen. Okay, we have um couple of scriptures, three scriptures, but very short short one of them. You know, I don't speak for so long, so you're going to be home early. Don't worry, I always have a short sermon. Um first s scripture is job 19 verse 25- 26 first John 1:2 Jeremiah 29:11 um in Job 19:25 for I know that my redeemer liveth and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth then shall ye oh I need Job 19 verse Job 19 verse 25-2. Job Yeah. 19 verse 25- 26. For I know that my redeemer liveth and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth. Verse 20. And though after my skin worms destroyed this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God. And then Jeremiah 29:11. And for I know the thoughts that I think towards you, says the Lord, thoughts of peace, not of evil, to give you an expected end. Proverbs 12-13. Then shall ye call upon me, and you shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you, and you shall seek me and find me when you shall search for me with all your heart. And then first John, third John, I think third John 1 verse two. Third John 1 vers2 beloved I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health even as thy soul prosper. Heavenly father bless the reading of your word in Jesus name. Amen. Please be seated. Amen. Amen. So if I'll title this I'll title redemption in three parts like complete total redemption. Redemption is in three parts. It's not only one part. Some people just got want to be satisfied with only one part of redemption. So that one part is not enough. We need all the total redemption. And Jesus Christ died on Calvary. And we are entitled to all that. But some people just settle for one part of it. But we need all three is given to us. And redeem is to be what? Bought back. It's something that you have already or you lost and then you buy back. Amen. Our pastor gave someone former pastor gave an example of a little guy that lost his bicycle or something and later he found in a pong in a pong shop and then he found it. has to work twice and get it and said I I got it twice and because we were in the mind of Christ before the foundations of the world we came here we were just lost because of the amnesia and then he died and shed his blood and bought us back to himself. Amen. So um I'll read this one here in the king's man redeemer. He said paragraph 185 and uh 191 it says a man has done something wrong so he or his master sold him into slavery actually unto death. Paragraph 185, Kingsman Redeemer. And he's in the market. He's a slave. But a man comes along, a wealthy man that's able to do it and finds this man and finds grace in his sight. He redeems him that takes him from the slave market and takes him out to himself. notice. And that slave once redeemed can never be sold in the market again. Yes. Amen. Can never be sold again. He's marked. Hallelujah. And if he was taught enough of one time to be redeemed, no one can never sell him again for a slave. Paragraph one. It says, "Oh, thanks be to God." Amen. that when a man has once come to Christ and been redeemed by the precious blood of Jesus Christ, but the devil can never make you a slave again. You will chose to be a slave, but he cannot make you a slave again because you have been redeemed. Amen. Where am I now? You are secured in the blood of Jesus Christ until the day of your redemption. Amen. You have that eternal security. A slave, look it up in Exodus and find out if that are in the Levitical laws. I mean, if that are in the law, a slave once redeemed can never be sold again for a slave. That's right. Amen. So when you were bought by the blood of Christ, you became a Christian. You can never be a slave again. and live to sin again. It's all your choice. Everything has done already and is finished. Everything like if the Lord Jesus Christ was even to be here right now and he said, "Oh, I'm sick." He cannot even heal you because it's done already on Calvary. It depends on your acceptance. So this morning any situation that you are going through whatever you are facing it's up to you to accept total deliverance or reject it because your depends on your acceptance. No one can help you. My title is redemption in three parts. Amen. So it's up to the individual to accept your salvation, accept your healing, accept whatever you have of this morning because no one can do anything to help you. It's all based on your faith. Amen. And if I'll go back about redemption because of the sin that happened the garden of Eden it cut off because we were in the mind of Christ before the foundations of the world and then we came on this earth through our father Adam and then because of Eve being deceived by the devil that sin was so much that it cut off from the presence of God. And the scripture said the day you partake of that day you die and that deceived the enemy. So when that thing happened no one has been able to live up to thousand years and one day in the sight of God is a thousand years and thousand years like one day. So after that sin nobody was able to live up to thousand years. So they died right there and then the man tried to make put a fake leaf to cover his shame. Which is a religion and religion is covering. We are not religious. We are Christian. The religion out there they are covering themselves religion. And I was saying last Sunday that they have made Christianity so cheap that when you say you are Christian, people don't even recognize the type of Christian that you are. Unless they get closer to you, then they know what you are made up of. Amen. So they try to make that fig leaf religion and God did not accept it. So he killed a blood a lamp and give them the blood to cover their nakedness. Amen. Because the blood was shed before the foundations of the world. And the bra says somewhere that everyone will be a mimic of Christianity. If their name is on the lamb's book of life before the foundations of the world and you your name is the lamb books of life before the foundation of the world that's why you could receive the word for your day and live it if your name was not there you wouldn't have the ability to receive the word for your day amen and in non seed there's nothing to what to quicken amen because you are quickened you are have the seed of god in that's why you've been quickened by the word of god Amen. But there's none seed. There's nothing in them to quicken. And we are we are born and purchased by the blood of Christ Jesus. So when that thing happened, God asked the two children to make a sacrifice. Amen. And uh I came thought that it was an apple fig leaf religion beautiful to present something beautiful that God will accept. But God is not in beauty. God is in character. Amen. He was expecting them to come by the way of redemption. And Abel by revelation was sacrificed an animal, kill a lamb and God accepted the sacrifice and Bible said that ex sacrifice was excellent in the eyes of God. So without revelation you cannot please God and revelation is the basics of our Christianity. as I spoke last week that you may have all the knowledge about the word of God how much you can have but if it's not fully revealed to you you cannot manifest that word of God that's why last week I was talking about David and his brothers and Saul they were all children of God and they have knowledge that God was more than able to deliver them from the hands of moniad. They know God can do it, but because it was not revealed to them, they could not make any step. They go there every day and just watch that golad making um making fun of the sons of God. And because they only have the knowledge part and that knowledge has not been able to put into practice to be manifested. They couldn't confront that uncircumcised Philistine. But one day he did it in the presence of wrong person. David was just a little bitty boy maybe 16. I don't know his age before that. But because Joseph David has been on the back side of the desert with God, being alone with God, having fellowship and having experience with the bear and the and the lion, he was it was revealed to him that this uncircumcised Philistine cannot defeat the army of the living God. Amen. So you are so angry said why will you allow this uncircumcised Philistine to defile the army of the living God. So this morning don't allow any uncircumcised Philistine any devil to take hold of your blessings. You got to go to the enemy's camp and take whatever he stole from you. You have that right. You've been redeemed by the blood of Christ. Been purchased by the blood of Christ. You have power in the name of Jesus to claim everything. You don't have to allow the devil to to block you anymore. He is a block. He has nothing. All that the enemy has is what you gave him. Amen. So this morning, you got to say to yourself, Satan, I'm refusing anything that you taking from me. I'm taking it back. I'm taking my health back. I'm taking my children back. I'm taking everything that God has given back. You have no right. You are circumcised Philistine. I'm a son of the living God. Take your fitting hands from my property. Take your fitting hands from whatever belongs to me. I am a son of the living God. I'm a daughter of the living God. You are filthy hands from my property. Take your hands from my children. Take your hands from my business. That business is of God. And I have what? a partnership with the Lord Jesus Christ by paying my tithe and offering. I'm afraid some Christians are even afraid to pay their tithe because they think they're going to be starved. Amen. But a true Christian, you have to pay your tithe and offering and God will do the rest. Amen. So if anything that you do, you put God first. God is more than able to give you the desires of your life because he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. His word cannot change. He said, "I'm God and I change not." He never change. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Whatever he did in the past, he will do it again and again and again and again, provided that you be believed because he's unchangeable God. Amen. And that unchangeable God is your God. And his name is the Lord Jesus Christ. He never lost a battle. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Our God is good. Hallelujah. He will never leave you nor forsake you. Amen. So let's our confidence be in the word of God. 24 hours regardless of what we're going through. So back to the redemption that I'm talking about. I'm only talking about the one with the soul because you are soul, body, and spirit. And then I'm going to bring it back and add it with a total redemption by the end of my my end that what I'm done. So because we were always in the mind of Christ and they were lost and when Abel made that sacrifice, God accepted that blood sacrifice. That was a sacrifice in the Old Testament until Jesus Christ was born. And because that um human blood is higher than animal blood, so those old saints when they go and sacrifice the blood, it doesn't take that desire away from them. The desire was always there to go back and do the same thing over and over and over again. But and uh they were trapped. But the saints like Patriarch, Abraham and Job and the rest, they realized that no, this is not the end of man. They realize that here is not their home. They look for a city to come. They realize that something is missing. So Job one time, I'm going to just read this to make it more simple. Job recognized that it was God. Job recognized that. Job was thinking about this and worried and it came to him so long, so much that if a man dies, can he live again? I see a tree die and he lives again. I see flower dies and he lives again. That was his question. But man lay down. He gave up the ghost. He wasted away. His sons come to mourn. He give up the ghost. He wasted away. His sons come to mourn and he perceive it not. Behold, that thou would hide me in the grave until thy wrath be passed. He couldn't understand why a flower will die and live again. How a leaf will go off a tree down and lay on the ground and come come back again in the spring. He said, "Mine lay down. Where does he go?" I believe God, but what happens to a man? He was wondering. But one day the lightning began to flash. Hallelujah. The thunders began to roll. The spirit come upon the prophet and he saw the coming of a man who could put his hand upon a sinful man and holy God and the bridge away. Then he screamed, "Amen. I know my redeemer liveth. Though the skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh I will see God. He recognized what the resurrection was. Amen. Hallelujah. Job recognized that because he saw it in a vision and his life was never became the same because remember before he got into that vision he was being accused by his friends that he was a secret sinner. Yes. You have done something wrong. Right? They push him down. But he know in his heart that he wasn't a a secret sinner. And some of us sometimes people may put false accusation on this. They will laugh at you. They will put scorn on you. They'll put so much on you against you. But once in your heart, you know that you haven't done anything wrong. Let them say what they want to say. God himself will vindicate you. And God vindicated Job by this. And when this thing became so clear and revealed to him, his life was never be the same. So is a true son and daughter of God. When something become so clear and revealed to you, that's it. It's finished. You have overcoming power. That thing is done. Caputo, it has no power over you again. Amen. So death has no power on a true Christian again. The Lord Jesus Christ came and demonstrate to us. Amen. So what am I saying? On Calvary, the Lord Jesus Christ came. Yes. And shed his blood and he defeat hell, grave and death. And when that thing happened, it happened. Devil has no power, control over any one of you. Remember before that event took place a crowd went out that who is worthy to look the book or to open up the book and no one was worthy not even Joseph who we read his life story like talk about perfection close to Jesus Christ none of them no one was worthy even our current prophet seventh angel messenger none of them could open that book. Amen. And Satan was a nearer kings man. But because his hands was dirty, he couldn't touch that book because he know that if he died, he's kaput. He can't come back again. That's his head. So he ran away from he couldn't touch it. Amen. But the Lord himself, God who created heaven and earth, he came down and died and purchased your and gave his blood and purchase your salvation. It's done once and for all. That blood was shed once and for all. We don't have to share it over and over like they were doing in the Old Testament. It was shed once and once and for all. Brian Tony. Amen. Once and for all. That blood was shed. And when that happened was the greatest thing that could ever happen in the man life of a mankind because in the old testament it take only the high priest to go in the presence of the inner of inas once a year and even that one was a death. Amen. But he shed his blood once once for you and me. He's the high priest. Amen. He purchased your blood. Oh man. So what that the old testament says that Abraham all those who do not get into is happening to you now you can live in his presence every day his presence with you David said that I put the all the lord always before me in his presence that god is always before him amen we are living in the pres this thing that the old testament said those that we look up to they couldn't But you and me, God said it once. So he redeemed you. You have been purchased by the blood of Christ. And whom the son of man has set free is free indeed. Amen. You are free. Amen. Hallelujah. So don't let the devil play with your mind. Hallelujah. Don't let a devil tell you any negative news. I have good news for you this morning. Amen. That your sins are be forgiven. Amen. Said that bless the man whom I will not impute sins. Amen. Whose iniquity is unforgiving? Amen. So it doesn't matter what you have done. You didn't do it in the first place. Said a child of God cannot sin because a seed of God dwells in him. How can you sin? That seat is a perfect seat. Amen. You are sinless bride. Amen. But because you are in this flesh and you do all little mistakes, the devil just come and just oh accuse you and do all kind of things. But don't listen to him. He's a is a liar from pit of hell. Amen. You have to send it back to hell where it came from. Our God is good. Hallelujah. Praise our wonderful God. Amen. So when this thing happened someone like Peter before this event take place he has the knowledge and what the knowledge did to him he caught somebody's ear because he has been with Jesus for three and a half years and he was seeing all the miracles and he know he's God and he didn't want somebody to what rough um his master up like the way we are on our pastor's back. You wouldn't allow the deans to know we have to be there as a policeman to protect the pastor. So Peter was doing the same thing. But Peter has the knowledge of everything and he have seen that. So when the thing came said that he has even experience than those those man because he's better in the sword than them. cut your master head off like that and the Lord put it back. What am I saying? He has that knowledge at that time and uh like some people even the message they have seen what the prophet has done. They have seen what the word has to do and they have all the knowledge. But when it comes to manifesting it, it become hard because you and I cannot manifest it. But if there's spirit of Christ in you and you are part of him, you unconsciously manifest that life of Christ because it's not you doing Christ in you manifesting it. So it's not by power or by might or by anything but by my spirit says the lord. You can study the word 24 hours 7 to2 24 hours 35 uh years 35 days a year and have all the knowledge that you want. But if that seed is not in you to manifest that word of god you will just be um I don't know what to say. You're going to be just have the knowledge and you'll be l lacking behind. And I believe is happen around the message. Those who are not really the true seed of God, they can see what the word has to do but they cannot live it. They cannot manifest it. Some people can can can um cleanly with the coat but you look behind the life it's like shallow. There's nothing there. So that happened to Peter. But after the Lord shed his blood and he gave up the ghost and the true journey Holy Ghost came at the day of Pentecost. Peter who ced the person's ear who denied the Lord three times like when he recognized what was happening his life was never the same. He wasn't afraid of anyone again. That Holy Ghost was so much in him that he could go back and said this is that which was spoken of by in Joel that this this is happening is a manifestation of what that prophecy was and he manifests that prophecy the dot. Amen. And a true Christian, a true son or daughter of God will have that ability to recognize what God is doing in present tense of his ministry. What is happening now and he going to live it and manifest it unconsciously because it's not him doing it. the Christ that lives. So because I live, you shall also live. And his name is the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. So he will manifest that word through you and through me because we are part of that word of God. Amen. So he was able to what? Manifest it. And his life was not the same. Amen. And in Acts 4:12, they said that they recognized that him and John were ignorant on learned, but they recognize that they have been with what? The Lord Jesus Christ. So is you and me. Amen. People have to see that you have been with Jesus. Your life has to manifest Christ. If you are at part of his attribute, it's unconsciously unconscious godliness. A sheep is a sheep because he bears wool. Wool. You cannot put a wool on a pig and turn him from a pig to become a wool. It all based on a seed. If you are part of him, you are part of him. Simple. You can't fight it. And salvations of the Lord. Nobody can put anybody's name in. Nobody can take anybody's name out. He alone controls that. He didn't let in the hands of any man. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And when that becomes so clear to you, it puts you into rest. Thank you, Jesus. You are resting on him. And what do you do? You just become a tool in the hands of God. Amen. So that whenever God wants to use you and he needs to use you, he can use you. Amen. This is not a race, you just make yourself available. And even if you chose not to use you and only use one time in your entire life, praise be to the Lord. Amen. Because our former pastor Samuel let us know that some people all you read the Bible all their life, one thing that they did in the Bible and God counts as righteousness. Amen. So this is not a race. This is not trying to be anything. Just be yourself. Be simple and God will bless you. That's all God requires. So let's just be simple the best simple that we can and God will bless us and he going to one thing is you have to make yourself available. So when he needs to use you, he can use you. Because if you do not make yourself available, then he said somewhere that God is able to raise souls to please me. So we need God more than he need us. Is that right? So we have to make ourself available so that when the time come that he need that, he can use us. But if you become so busy for our children for this for that you are not you're not fit for the kingdom. One time somebody said that Lord I'm going to bury my dad and come back. He said let the dead bury the dead. Amen. So this thing has come to a place that it is life and death. Even me standing here is life and death. You are standing here is between liberty and bondage. Amen. Is between uh life and death. It's liberty and we have your liberty. Everything is in a thin line. Yes. It's no time to joke. The truth. We got to take this serious. That's why he said if God be God serving. If Ba be by God save Ba. God doesn't want any in between anymore. Halfway thing. Those days are gone. He said Joshua commission. Amen. Joshua is on the land now. Amen. That's the Holy Ghost. Now the Joshua Moses, your servant Moses is gone. He's dead. He's finished his job. Now it's Joshua the Holy Ghost. No nonsense. When Achan is it Achan in I they stole and bring reproach to the gospel, they destroy all his family. And sometime you may say, "Oh, I'm just a regular church member. Nobody needs me." Your life is very important. Because affect us. We are one another's keeper. We are all part of one another. So whatever you do affect the whole body. So when you become a Christian, it's not an easy flurry bed of easy. There are so many intricates involved. So you got to think that what am I doing? Is it pleasing God? Is it affecting the body? And put always the Lord always before you. As David said, when you do that, it changes situation. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Our God is good. Amen. Amen. And he hasn't changed. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. So what good is a historical good to me, if you cannot do what he did in the back then, you can look at the life of Peter and the rest, and if the same spirit that raised up Christ is in you, that was in them, is in you, it will do the same thing. So you're going to be the manifestation of the book of acts again. Our life has to be the manifestation another book of acts because he's the same god. He said I am God and I changed not. He never changes. Whatever he did in the past, Jack, he's doing it in the present. The same yesterday, today, and forever. And he's on time God. And he will do it again and again and again and again because he do it for you for the first time. He going to do it again for the second time. He's not an Indian giver. God will not give you something and take it away from you. Your salvation is secured. Your eternal security once and for all. Don't let anybody tells you you are lost. You are don't let devil play with your mind. You are son or daughter of the living God. God will not save you yesterday, 20 years ago, 30 years ago, 40 years ago, and lose you today. No, my God don't do such a thing. He's a living God. Amen. What he did for you in the past, he do it again and over and over again. You just can't believe. All things are possible to them that believe right now. Amen. And what the the devil does, I read about one rich man. He was saying that if um I know if I can put the words correctly, the most successful people, they live in the moment. They don't always dwell in the past. They don't always also dwell in the future. They make sure that the moment everything is working and also to end up to the future. And what the enemy does is that he puts some people back. What God did in the Luther, they get stuck with it. But even Abraham said that if the Lutherans and the Pentecost could believe what they have that time and also accept what God what God was going to do in the future in the present tense and continue to do, they would have been in a better place. Yeah. So even you here sitting here to this afternoon, what I'm trying to tell you that don't let your mind go back on what you're going to do from here after church or what you going to do tomorrow. Just focus because the enemy enemy like to what distract you are here right now. Oh, I'm going to do this tomorrow. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do that. Then he's what? Like nicking like that and taking away from what maybe you have to what received. So we have to be in a moment and expecting God to take me as I cannot do nothing. It's by your faith that will draw God to say something to bless and help you. So at the moment you have to pray and ask God to let God's let me speak some that will help you and forget about this tomorrow. Tomorrow will take care of himself. God will take care of you. Don't worry. Just be focused so that God can live and flow through you. He's a God of the moment. Let's focus on the moment. Forget about the past. Forget about all the mistakes, everything in the past. Past is past. You can't bring it back. Let it rest and move on. Lay all those things aside. Let's move on to perfection. The doctrine all put everything aside and let's move on to the perfection because God is unchanging God. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. So, let's live in a moment because remember the children of Israel that mana, they couldn't keep it for the next day. You got to eat it now. Now, it's a present tense. Let's live in a moment. You keep that butter for tomorrow, is going to perish. Amen. An eagle wants a fresh food. They want a fresh kale. Fresh kale. That's what an eagle eats. Amen. Eagle work needs a fresh skill, not a not a contaminated one. So we need that fresh skill and to get that fresh skill. Bra said that you have to if a man could get his conscious, subconscious, everything and place the word of God there. Nothing can come in. Amen. Let that word of God flow through you and believe it and accept it. You cannot even sin unless you let God word down. that listen God is an infinite God. He knew from today from tomorrow that we're going to be here this afternoon. Amen. He knew every thought that will pass through our mind. We are finite. You don't have the ability. But him being infinite, he put his thing in the word in the Bible and his word will never fail. No. Your word will fail. You make changes. You can make decision today, tomorrow you change it for a better one. But God doesn't change his word. He doesn't change his mind about his word. That word is truth. And it's absolute. So our confidence, our everything have to be dwell on this word of God because this can never fail. It will never fail you. To always come to pass if you have a right mental attitude. It will bring the word of God to pass in your time. He's the unchanging God. Ah God is wonderful. He's a good God. He loves you. He care for you. He care for me. Why are you worry? Don't worry about tomorrow. Just leave everything in God's hands. when we commit it to him said commit all your ways unto God and what he will acknowledge him. Is that right? So let's commit everything to this wise God and he going to bless us and help us. He's on time God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. God is good. He never leave us nor forsake us. Amen. So what am I saying this afternoon? Let's try him. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you Lord. Our God is good. Is on time God. Amen. You know whilst I'm talking about the word of God. The only way you can defeat the enemy is by the word of God. And when I read this the greatest battle ever fought in paragraph 375. He said yes when on Jesus Christ on the uh um temptation of Jesus Christ he said yeah it is written again thou shalt not tempt what the Lord thy God. See what he call himself the Lord thy God. Thou shall not tempt the Lord thy God. It is written again like that. What did he do? He defeated him with the word of God. The title of the devil is to get you to what? Disbelieve God's word. And the chief captain here, he said, "Take God's word and do it. In my name, you shall cast out devils." Amen. We lay your hands on the sick, they shall recover. That's what the word of God said. Yes. If the devil could only get you disbelieve one word, he got you. Amen. But what am I saying this afternoon? Just take away that disbelief out and focus on what God can do. Focus on his word. What that word can do. Just one word. Just focus on it. Don't focus on the negative part. Somewhere they said it takes more faith even to believe than to believe. So why are you focusing on the negative and the all those things? Focus on the right right word and you will dis you will what defeat the enemy at any time at any point because anything that is contrary to the word of God that is your enemy. So you have to accept that word of God no matter how maybe your five senses cannot um hold on to it. Don't look at your five senses. Some somewhere he said that I'm doubting my doubt now I'm believing God's word. Let's believe God's word. Because the devil t it ties is to let you disbelieve God's word. God starts for you to believe his word and put that word into practice and it will come to pass. He's the same yesterday, today and forever. Our God never fails. Amen. And if he defeated the devil by it is written when the enemy comes to you, give it back to him. It is written. It is written that by his stripes I am healed. It is written that above all things in which I may prosper and be in health even as my soul prosper. It is written that by his stripes I am healed. Amen. Take the word and kick him out. Resist the devil and he will flee from you. Amen. Because he's a bully. He's a roaring lion. The big liar. They have no teeth. But he can just put a fear onto you then he can get you. Yeah. But if you say, "I'm doubting your doubt, Satan." Go somewhere and talk some Jehovah witness somewhere. I am a son of the living God. Amen. I'm one of God's children. I know who I'm believing. Amen. I'm one in a million. Amen. I'm one in a million. Go get some Jehovah Witness somewhere and then put that in his thought. Not me. I'm a son of a living God. Amen. Amen. God lives in my heart. He lives in me. Amen. He will never leave you nor forsake you. Amen. Praise that wonderful God. Amen. Praise God. Um I think I'll be wrapping up very soon. Okay. And one other thing though that I'm going to just stress on it a little bit and then um one other thing too is Job never recognized that it was God. As long as the devil can make you believe that sometime the little trials you go through is God may punishing you. It was God trying to show him something. Job never recognized it till he saw a vision. Like Moses, when he saw the vision, the pillar of fire in the bush, it was vindicated. So sometimes we go through trials and God allow us to go through those trials. But as I always said that any trials that you go through in life first you have to find out if it's something that you have done wrong then you have to make things right and if is the devil trying to push you around then you can kick him out. And the third one if it's God trying you to see your reaction. So not everything that comes to you that you have done something wrong. You may not have done something wrong like in Job's case. Yes. But he was living so perfect the eyes of God that God was showing how good Job is. But until he catch that vision about my redeemer live, he was still doubting and thinking that maybe he has done something wrong. So unless it is revealed to you, you might misinterpret it. But if you know deep in your heart, you haven't done anything wrong and you check everything, then stay. God will bring you through. Amen. He will bring you true. Amen. He's not going to leave you there for light. He's going to bring you through. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Our God is awesome God. Amen. He hasn't changed. Praise God. Um hallelujah. So um what I started about the redemption in three parts. God save us. He redeem us. When he redeem us, he died on Calvary. Everything was in that thing. Amen. Everything that we have of is inside us. But the devil has played in the mind of some people just to take only the salvation part and then they're going to live poor. They're going to live um sick. They're going to do that. But I'm here to announce to you this afternoon that the scripture said that above all things I wish thou may prosper and be in health even as your soul prosper. It's all three parts. All of them. Don't take settle for only half one part of redemption. It's three. Claim all of them. Yeah. Every promise in the book is yours. Every chapter, every verse, every line. And you are not as you are not doing anything wrong by asking God for more because Peter asked we have left mother, father, siblings, everything and follow you. What are we going to get on this earth? Amen. And and he said that there's no one that has left all those things and followed me that will not be blessed in this world. He makes it clear the present tense and what the world to come. So it's a threepart is for you abundance of hell somewhere. Abraham said that how can a little fish think that oh I'll drink all the water and exhaust that water in the ocean. You cannot exhaust God's goodness. His goodness and mercy shall follow you all the days of your life. And I'll dwell in the presence of God forever. Amen. He has made that provision for you. Live in his presence and he will lead you and he will guide you because there's no one who is living in his presence that God will not lead you to his perfect will for your life. The main thing is get him in your life. Seek the seek. Oh, seek ye the kingdom of God and his righteousness. All other things shall be added unto you. Once you walking in light with the word of God, he will provide everything that you have need of. After all, you are here today, you gone tomorrow. Amen. We don't have much. I came here very young and now all my hair is gray and everything. What's happening? You're dying. Yes. Every day that you you breathe in, you are dead. You are dead, man. I could just go back and remember everything happened in the high school and all my friends things that we were doing and check right now almost 30 years gone just like that. 30. What's that? Life is short. So let's serve God. Amen. Once we have our life, once we have an opportunity, because none of us know what's going to happen even right after we left from here. Amen. So if we don't know that and then we have to make our hearts right and behave like this even our last sermon that we're going to hear. Amen. Approach God with sincerity. And I read Jeremiah 29:11 again. Sorry. Yeah. Okay, I got it. Jeremiah 29:11. I want to read it again. Okay. Um, for I know the thoughts that I think towards you, said the Lord. Thoughts of what? Peace and not of evil. To give you what? An expected end. That is what? To give you future. To bless you. So God's thought for you is not an evil one. It's a peaceful thought. Amen. And somewhere in Philippians he said that whatsoever things that are of good report whatsoever things that edify if there are any virtues think on this. Those are the thoughts of God. Amen. And he said that I'll do exceedingly and abundantly more than what you can even think or ask. Hallelujah. Because so God loves you. God cares for you. He wants to bless you. He wants to make you happy. He wants to give you everything. It's yours. It is in you already. You have to activate it. Everything you have need of is in you already. It's you have to activate it. Hallelujah. He promised he will give you what? The desires of your heart. Amen. So why are you worried this afternoon? He's on time. God, he may not come when you want him to be, but he'll be there right on time. Right on time. Amen. But sometimes to God wants us to be desperate. Um verse 12 he said that then shall ye call upon me and ye shall go and pray unto me and I will hearken unto you and then and ye shall seek me and find me when you shall search for me with all all your heart. That's it. So you have to be desperate and let God know that we need a thing, right? Hannah was desperate when she needed a son. In those times, it was what a curse not to have a ch children. But now is the the table is even most don't even have children anymore. So it was a curse at that time on her and she was desperate and God heard a desperate cry. And God did not only give him a stand, he gave him a prophet. Hallelujah. Amen. So he did exceedingly abundantly more than what she has even asked for. He's a God of abundance. Amen. Remember Solomon asked for wisdom to rule his country. Amen. So you have to ask for more revelation and God said you have asked for the right thing. Amen. So if you seeking for more revelation, you ask him for the right thing. Ask for wisdom. And God not only gave him wisdom, he gave him riches. Made him the richest man in the whole world. The richest king. Amen. So seek for revelation. Seek for him. Yes. with all your heart and you shall what? Find him. He will give you exceedingly abundantly more than what you can even think of. Amen. He only asks for wisdom. But God gave him all the riches. And the present tense, ask for more revelation if you don't have it. And if you have it, ask for more of that. And after you are seeking more of him, getting more revelation, everything will fall in place. Amen. Because he is the one created heaven and earth. Oh man, I like this song. He said that um my redeemer liveth. Let me check this verse. Who taught the sun where to stand in the morning? And who taught the ocean you can only come this far? And who show the moon where to hide till evening till evening? Whose west alone can catch a fallen star? I know my redeemer lives. And know all creation testify that this life within me Christ. I know my redeemer living. The very same God that spins things in orbit runs to the weary. And the same and the one and the weak, the same gentle hands that hold me when I'm broken, they conquer death to bring me victory. I know my redeemer liveth. He lives to take away my shame. Oh my. Do you have any shame? That's what the Lord does. He lives forever. I will proclaim. Yes. That the payment for my sin. Oh man, he bought your your sin already. Hallelujah. Was a precious life he gave, but now he's alive. And there's not an empty grave. That tomb is empty. All religion is false except through Christianity. You find Muhammad all their graves. But this road is empty. The grave is empty. Amen. Hallelujah. I know my redeemer lives. Oh man, I know that he live. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow. Oh, he lives. I know he lives. I spoke with him this morning. He lives. He lives. The empty the tomb is empty. He lives. I'm going to tell everybody that my God lives. Amen. Just like the woman of the world, when she heard the word of God, when God revealed himself to her, he couldn't sit down but to share that word of God. Amen. There's no one that has been the presence of God that will keep the word of God to himself. Isaiah one time he was so much dependent on the king and some of us have some idols even in the message here in this message. And what God does, he takes all those idols from you. And sometimes he allows some people that you have so much confidence in them to do certain things that will let you lose hope in a man so that your eyes will be single on him. Jealous God. Say jealous God. He even wants to put so much confidence in the prophet that he sent. He get to a place the prophet said I must decrease so that he must what? Increase. That's the God that you are serving. So when Isaiah eyes was so much on the king, God has to take the king away. Oh man. And when he got into that presence of that shana glory, he realized that I'm a man of unclean lips. I live on among uncle when the coal of fire touched that prophet took away everything. Then he said that what he what I was shared the word of God. Amen. So to this afternoon if God has revealed himself to you can't sit down everywhere you go your life will leave a testimony more than your words. Amen. Because you representing the Lord Jesus Christ. You don't need to talk too much. Let your life live that testimony because the life behind the name of the demons fear and tremble. Amen. Then share the word too. Amen. Because it's dying people. People are dying left and right spiritually and spiritual death is more than the natural death. Spiritual blindness is more than the natural one. That's why the Bible somewhere the Lord Jesus Christ said that I would rather go to heaven with one eye than to lose have all my eyes and lose it. I rather go with only one leg than to have all my being and lose it. So it's a spiritual blindness the most worst thing. Amen. We are privileged by the grace of God to have revelation. And the God that lives in you is also relying on you to bring others in. It's just like Ruth and Boas. It was was glean in time. Amen. It's a glean in time. We all know that. It's not like before when we came the message you can get people left and right like that. It's gleaning. But let's glean for the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Because when Ruth was gleaning, it was a reproach at that time. But she didn't care. She was obedient to whatever Naomi tells her. So is you and me. Let us be what? Obedient to every word of God. Because the total obedience to the entire word of God entitles you to the token. You must have the token. You must be born again. You must have the Holy Ghost. There is no what do you call it? There is no h corner cut or in between. You must have the mind of Christ. Amen. It's is something that is so vital. Hallelujah. Amen. So what am I saying? That less labor for the master because um the harvest is the the harvest is plenty but the labor is few. So let's work till the master what cometh. He's the same yesterday, today and forever. So that's what I have for this afternoon and I'll call the musicians to come. [Applause] Amen. Praise God. How many enjoyed that service? I did. Glory to God. What a wonderful time for the sons and daughters of God in this day and in this hour to be receiving present truth. See, we're not feeding on quotes and just reading scriptures. We are feeding on the living God. And this is the hour where God must become a reality to each and every individual. Amen. Where you realize that you're actually in partnership with the Lord himself. That you are his feet. You are his lips. You are his hands. You are his mercy. You are his voice. Amen. Praise God. So, um it's good to be in the house of the Lord today. I uh I was saying all week I said I'm going to get into the house of the Lord this Sunday some way somehow. Um it certainly has been a different uh season. Um for us this year, it's a little bit delayed as you can well see from the weather that we've been having. It's been cold. It's been rainy. And so it's kind of delayed things a little bit, but um all good. Praise God. We're just moving forward. And we're uh uh we're we're here doing we're here about the father's business. That is our first priority. Amen. Being about the father's business. So um next Sunday, I was going to be back, but um I will not be back next Sunday. You may see me in the house of the Lord. Okay? I don't know. But um next Sunday, we're going to have brother Tim who will be ministering the word of God. Uh this Wednesday, I believe Brother Desmond will be ministering the word of God. Amen. And so I'll be back a week Sunday. Keep uh you know, keep me in prayer. It's been it's been a very busy season, okay, for me. It always is regardless of uh you know whatever the conditions, the weather and everything else because of my um you know my position in the in the uh in the company. So I I really uh appreciate your prayers and I covet them um to get us through these next couple of weeks. We were able sister Jennifer and I were able to visit with brother Kofi and Sister Mary um at the hospital this week. We had a wonderful time of fellowship. I can tell you that he is definitely on the road to recovery. He's in physiootherapy now. Um, you know, having gone through what he did, you know, he he basically died twice at home and then when he was in the hospital. And so they had to revive him, bring him back. So all of his organs and everything, you know, things take time to restart. you know, God's God's way of uh you know, showing himself and vindicating his will and his purpose in each and every one of our lives. We don't understand, but God knows and we know nobody leaves without his final approval. Even when the doctors are looking and saying there's no pulse, it's only when God gives his final approval. Amen. And so he's on the road to recovery. He says, "Thank you everybody." He says, "I love you all. I appreciate I know that you've all been praying for me." He's uh very grateful that um he's got such a a supportive family in the ministry here, knowing that um you know when when something when one of us is down, the rest of us are there in prayer. Uh when when we rejoice, we rejoice together. Amen. when we weep, we weep together. And so, God bless you all for uh being there and supporting him and his family in prayer. I know he would have loved to have been in Africa there at Paul's wedding yesterday and and Florence, I believe her name is. Yes. Um who who were married yesterday. So, um you all received the link. I did watch I haven't watched at all but um I did catch uh some good parts. I saw a lot of nice pictures. So we wish them the best. May the Lord richly bless them and prosper them and give them uh faith for a life together in the word of God. Amen. Praise God. Brother Anthony, God bless you. We will see you all by the grace of God soon. Amen. My redeemer live decide where to stand in the [Music] morning ocean. [Music] I know show where you want to leave. His words alone will catch you [Music] for Oh, I know my name. [Music] I my [Music] redeemer all creation testify is my will in me Christ my redeemer very same God on a very same God has facings in our bed. to glory [Music] alone and a sient [Music] blessing to bring you victory. I I know [Music] [Applause] Oh, I know. I know. I know. I [Applause] [Music] know. All [Music] creation. This life. [Music] He [Music] lives my [Applause] [Music] I for my sins was the precious life he gave. [Music] I think I [Music] know. I know. I know. I know. My [Music] redeemer and all creation. This life [Music] cry one more time. I know. I know. I know. I I know my redeemer. [Music] Let all [Music] creation [Applause] [Music] be. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Long ago. Long ago. And the old account was settled long ago when the saints begin to pray and the Lord will have his way and the glory Lord is coming down. It's come is coming down down. It's coming down. And the glory of the Lord is coming down. When the s begins to bring and the Lord and the glory of Lord is coming down, it's coming down. Down. It's coming down. [Music] Oh my glor is has come and done. is coming down. It's coming down by the glory of God. When the se [Music] begin Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, I am thinking of the raptor in [Applause] the heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I will [Applause] sh There will be a great position and I got what music I [Applause] Shel. [Music] Oh, [Music] [Music] free. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] I got the [Music] red. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] I'll [Music] be one more time. [Music] [Music] redeemed. Are you the redeemed today? Hallelujah. Amen. We are the redeemer. Amen. Praise God. You enjoy the word today. Amen. Full redemption. Not in part. Full. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Just as bow hearts has been being dismissed. Amen. Wish us loving God and heavenly father. We just so thank you Lord for your word today that encouraged our hearts Lord and build that confidence in you Lord. Father we thank you Lord for brother Philillip. May you continue, Lord, to bless him, anoint him, and use him, Lord, in a mighty way, Lord, and use him as an oracle of you, dear Father. Lord, as we've been dismissed, Lord, not from your presence, Lord, but may your presence go with us, Lord, continually throughout the rest of this week, Lord, bringing us back again on Wednesday, Lord, that we can uh listen to your word and and be encouraged again, Lord. Father, may you, God, just take us safely to our various homes, Lord, and remember the other saints wherever they may be at this time, Lord. Those that may be traveling, coming back, bring them back safe, Lord. all those that going out to work, children to school, Lord, Father, and maybe those that are home, housewives, and anything, Lord, Father, may you just be with us, Lord, and continue, Lord, to just watch and provide for all our needs to your riches in glory. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. You are dismissed this afternoon. Amen. Let the redeemed of the Lord say so. Let the redeemed of the Lord say so. Let the redeemer of the Lord say so. [Music] Happy name of the Lord say [Music] so redeemed to [Music] me. I'm redeemed. [Music] and oh [Music] [Music] He is coming soon. He's coming soon with [Music] joy. I don't know. He's coming soon. [Music] Oh wait, we welcome his sweet morning. I don't know. I love [Music] [Applause] [Music] you. promise. [Music] [Applause] [Music]
