################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-01 - Only A Seed of God Can Be Reborn - Minister Philip Bobie-Frimpong - Philip Bobie-Frimpong.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-01
Title:   Only A Seed of God Can Be Reborn - Minister Philip Bobie-Frimpong
Speaker: Philip Bobie-Frimpong
Church:  Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIwUJKbBQmA
========================================

Description:
Minister Philip Bobie-Frimpong
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Let my heart be changed, renewed, flowing from the grace I in you. My Lord, I've come to know the weaknesses I see. and me will be stripped away by the power of your love. Oh me close. Let your love surround me. [Music] Pray draw me to your side. [Music] Thy way I'll rise up like a knee and I will sore with you. Your spirit leads me home by the power of your love. Lord, unveil my eyes. Let me see your face to face the knowledge of your love as you live in me. Lord, renew my mind as your will unfold. in my life in living every day by the power of your love. Oh, me close. Let your love surround me. be drawing to your side. I will arise up like the need girl and I will s you. Your spirit leads me by the power of your love. Hold me close. hold you be close. Let your love surround me. Bring me glory to your side. [Applause] I awake. I rise up like an eagle and I resto you. Your spirit leads me by the power of your love. I was so with you and I was so with you. Your spirit leads me by the power of your love. How many desire that tonight? Amen. Living every day by the power of your love. That kind of love make you love those that don't love you. I heard somebody said today sacrificial love. That's the love he had for us. a love that seeks the best for other people. Amen. Hallelujah. It's good to be in his house again. Worship him. Give him thanks. Give him praise. Another day, life, health, strength. We woke up this morning feeling great. Amen. Let's sing this song. I am one of the few. I am one of the few. Why not feel what I think in God's word I pray I'm the opposition so strong for the brightest proide if I plan to go through just to when I do I must be [Music] [Applause] [Music] complete. Oh, I am one of you. My other word I might see strong and the opposition [Music] strong mighty. If I plan to go through just to walk when I do, I must [Music] be to follow my oy and be one of you to follow my this world and be one of the few. And would you be free from your burdens of sin? There is power in the blood. Power in the blood. Word of God. There is wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wondering in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, you free from your passion and crime. There is power in the blood. Power in the blood. I'm for there is wonderful power in there is [Music] power you in the blood of the lamb there is power powerful your kingdom in the preious blood of the ground. Oh, you be wer. Let us know there is power in the blood. Power in the blood. Since things are lost, it is life. He will flow. There is a wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power. Oh, wonderful in the blood. On the lamb. There is power, power on the way in the preious blood. There is power. There is power. Power. I know. In the blood of the lamb. There is power. Wonder in the presence of Hallelujah. There's power in the blood. Let's bow our hearts before the Lord. Father, we are grateful for your great your power, oh God, that resurrection power, oh God, that you rose in us, Lord, living in us today, united with your bride, Lord, the capstone, Lord Jesus. Oh father, we here Lord and day by day we we die daily Lord and we want to get rid of all the things that is not of you Lord Jesus so we can come in that stature of a perfect man Lord Jesus so you can work through us Lord that's why we're here tonight Lord Father we come to hear your word Lord Jesus take take your brother Philip aside Lord and let him speak words of life unto us tonight Lord your words not his words father that we can become a better people we leave here change people Lord better than we came in. Lord, we thank you for the opportunity to come into your house to give you thanks and give you praise. In your precious name we pray. Amen. You love him today. Amen. Has it been good to you? Hallelujah. Um let's try uh do something new in my life. Do something new in my life. Something new in my life. Something new in my life. Oh God, do something new in my life. Something new in my life. Do something new in my life for God. Oh, yesterday is gone. Another day is gone. Do something new is my life. Yesterday, another day has come. Do something new in my life. Do something new in my life. Something new in my life. Something new in my life. Oh God, you're something new in my life. Something new in my life. Something new in my life for God. In moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus. In moments like these, I lift up my eyes. I lift up my heart to the Lord. Sing it. [Music] I love you, Lord. Sing it. I love you, Lord. singing. I love you. Oh, I love you. In moments like these. In moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus. In moments like these, I lift up my hands. my lift up my to. Oh, sing it. I love you, Lord. Sing it. I love you, Lord. Sing it. I love you. I love you. Into my chamber. Sweet. [Music] Speak to me gently as I close it down. Heavenly Father lover that [Music] preious kinder on is all I know into my chamber to the chamber be free Holy Spirit. Speak to me gently as I close. Heavenly love that I present should kind of what I long for. Oh, she kind of is what I love. [Music] Praise God. Yes. Let the Holy Ghost be free and speak. Please guys, you can sit down. Okay. Um without wasting much time, we're just going to pray. Is that can sit down? Oh our heavenly most gracious eternal God. We come to thy throne as sinners save by grace. We so grateful. Father, we so thankful for making a way for us to be here. Pray that you search our heart, our mind, our thoughts, our conscious, unconscious. Anything unlike you, we bring it under the altar. And you gave us that promise that the blood of Christ washes us from all unbelief. Father, I pray that you take me aside. Help me to get myself out of the way so that you can speak to your children. Father, we come against anything contrary to the word. Let your true Holy Ghost have his free course. have preeminence and speak to your children. May we not leave here the same way we came. May they come and feed with the king and know that and left and praising God and saying did not ours within us as he spoke unto us. May everyone that is here be blessed. those online bless everyone and you come against any contrary spirit let your true holy ghost have reminisence and bless the reading of the word in Jesus name amen okay I have couple of scriptures um my first scripture will be taken from Galatians 4 27:31 Galatians 4:27:31 one. If you got it, say amen. For it is written, rejoice, thou barren that beest not. Break forth and cry, thou that travest not, for the desolate had many more children than she which had an husband. Now we brethren as Isaac was are the children of promise. But as then he that has been after the flesh persecute persecuted him that was born after the spirit even so it is now. Nevertheless what said the scripture cast out the bond woman and her son for the son of the bond woman shall not be heir with the son of the free woman. So then, brethren, we are not children of the bond woman, but of the free. In Ephesians 1:37, blessed be God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who had blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, according as he had chosen us in him when before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us onto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. I always say that people ask why did God do this? Why did God is explain is God having pleasure. So you don't have to question God. is a sovereign God to praise of the glory of his grace wherein he had made us accepted in the beloved in whom we have redemption through his blood the forgiveness of sins according the riches of his grace and my last one that I'm going to base my thought on who so in is 1 John 3:9 John chapter 3:9 9 it says whosoever is born of God do not commit sin for the for his seat remed in him and he cannot sin because he is born of God. So my title today is um only a seed of God can be reborn. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, may you please bless the reading of the word and bless your children. Amen. Please be seated. So my title tonight is that only a seed of God can be reborn. You can never be born again unless you are a seed of God. Amen. To that to be truly born again, there has to be a seed of God in you before you can be reborn. In the churches, Abraham said, "And now then here we are coming out to a conclusion as the eternal logos God was infinite in the sun." There's church ages the Samrian church age and in Jesus dwelt all the fullness of the godhead bodily and that eternal one was the father manifest in flesh and thereby gain the title of son. Even so, we eternal in his thoughts in our in our 10 became the many member spoken word seed manifest in flesh. And those eternal thoughts now manifest in flesh are the sons of God. Even as we are so called, we did not become seed by the rebirth. We did not become a seed by the rebirth. We were seed and therefore were reborn were reborn. For only the elect can be reborn because we were seed is the reason we could be quickened in none seed. There is nothing to quicken. Amen. So tonight you are here. If you've been quickened by the word of God, it means that there's something inside of you. Because there's no way you can be genuinely reborn without having the seed of God in you. And if you have been able to receive the word of God for the present stage of his ministry, then you have to thank God because not everybody have that ability to receive the word for the day. Amen. And recently I read an art an article where a multi-billionaire was saying that the most dangerous thing that people do is when they base their success in the past and base it on what is going to future and they fail to live the moment. When you bring it back to the word of God, there are so many people who praise God for what God has done in the past, what God is going to do in the future, they fail to recognize what God is doing in the present tense. Amen. But as you are eagle sitting here, every eagle is not like a hawk. He can go higher than hawk. Hawk can sometimes just sit on the poles and then just around and eat anything. But an eagle go higher and he can only eat on what? Fresh food. Fresh cat. An eagle never eat on dead substance. He's always on what? Fresh food. Amen. So if you're a son or daughter of God, you eating fresh word of God for today. You cannot be satisfied with the past word because eagle eat fresh food, fresh kill. And the sons and daughters of God are able to recognize what God is doing now while they are living. They can know what part of the thing to play. Because if you have those seed of God in you, you always going to be playing the past or the future. But you can't recognize what God is doing for your present day. So when I talk about the seed and being reborn, it's all in the Bible from Genesis to Revelation, you can find it everywhere that those who are seed of God, they are able to receive the word of God and they are able to what? receive revelation and they able to what? Please God. But those who are non seed, they always try to push themsel ahead and try to be like they are but they cannot. They become like hawks. They fall in between. Somewhere said that Cain could not give excellence could not go and give excellent sacrifice that Abel made even though God gave me an opportunity and said if you have done like what your brother did I could have what heared you. So in other words he was telling him to go and do what his brother did and he was going to what be accepted. But he said because there's a wrong seed in him, he couldn't do it. He was so angry and went and killed his brother. So what I'm trying to say is that the non seed, there's nothing to quicken them. They can never please God or do God's will. They in the outside sometimes may appear to be doing something good, but they cannot go all the way far. And it's all in the Bible like Ishmael and Isaac. Ishmael was what? Bullying Isaac and Isaac was the promised seed. And we have it all over Jacob and Esau. Esau intellectually outside look good. Abraham said look more gentleman than Jacob. But the Bible said that before the two were even born, the scripture said Jacob have I loved. He so I hate and the children will not even born because God by his full knowledge will not wait for you to be born before he make his decision because he's infinite. He knows to today from tomorrow even right now all of every thought passing through our mind is not hidden from God. And he knew it before the foundation of the world, before even you and I were born that we are going to be sitting here and this preaching will be going on and every thought every aspect nothing is hidden from him. He knows even the hairs on our on our head. So we cannot hide from God. You can you can hide from the people but you can never hide from God because God knows everything. So why will you hide things? Why will you try to hide cover? The only time they did a use religion as a covering is what Adam did. He put a thick leaf on him when he sinned. But God want a blood sacrifice. So he killed animal gave him to cover his himself. So is the people they are hiding behind religion and doing all kind of wicked things. Amen. They have make the Christian to become so cheap that even when you say you are Christian, people don't even know the kind of Christian that you are. They think that you are just a normal people going there claiming the name of Jesus on them. But we are the true children of God. We are the true sons and daughters of God. We are manifestation of the book of fast in the present stage. That same God who was in Peter and Paul and did all those mighty works in them. That God is in you and in me today. If only thou can believe. All things are possible to them that believe. He's the only wise king. He's eternal prince of peace. Mighty God. Before him there's no any other god form. Neither will there be any other god form after him. His name is the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. He controls everything. He is our everything and he never ever lost a battle because he is God that never change. Amen. So what am I trying to say? We have a lot of Issa spirit even now operating in the message because Jacob's spirit is grace. Amen. And Jacob respect the birth rights. All that God wants from you and me is to respect the birth right. Amen. When Jacob with all his flaws, he grabbed that birth right, he didn't play with it. The Bible said that Esau sought with repentance, but there was no repentance to be found in him. It was too late because those spirit is only for their excuse me belly what they're going to eat today or tomorrow. That's all they thinking about. How on earth will you sell his birth wife for just a pot of porridge? We never seen anybody been hungry and dying. But because he despised it, he just give it up. And so many people, I'm afraid, are using this gospel to to what? as a as a um to enrich themselves. They have used the gospel as a money making scheme. And some people to instead of putting God first, they putting their job, they putting their business, they putting so many things ahead of the gospel. But the Bible said, "I seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all other things will be added what?" Unto you. So let's put God first. No matter what comes our way, let's put God first. He will take care of first. If you commit everything to God's hand, even though it might look outside sometimes very like there's no way out, but he makes a way where there seems to be no way. God will always make a way where there seems to be no way because he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. So back to that issue spirit. If the Lord Jesus Christ was to be here, I believe he will still take a cane and wipe so many of them in the pulpit because they are enriching themselves with the gospel. But the Lord Jesus Christ gave himself up. When God calls you to be a minister, a preacher, pastor, you are supposed to be a servant. But not in this modern world. They are enriching themselves and having that issue spirit. It's a balam spirit on the people just like Balam. He what was a what? The false prophet. God revealed to him that if you bless Israel, you'll be blessed. You curse him, you'll be cursed. You can't curse my people. But because of money, he went and took money from the king barrack and he still went ahead tried to curse them. And he was so dumb that even his um what his ass was speaking to him, he couldn't even hear it because all his focus was on the money that he was going to get from the king. I wonder so many people all that they are thinking is money money. There's nothing wrong to get money. Don't get me wrong. We are the people that know how to use money well. We are the people that need the money to use it wisely. But the Bible said love of money is the root of all evil. Money itself is good. But you don't allow that money to use you. You use the money and use it for good purpose. But Bam was blinded by the fame, the re the riches and everything that he not even had anything. And that is what is sometimes going on other people's life. Once they want money, they ignore everything. They ignore all the warning. All that they want. But what are you got? What s profit a man when he gain the whole world and lose his soul. So all that God is asking us is to give him our all in all. Amen. as Peter said because just like the rich young ruler he also has the same kind of didn't have the true seed of God in him and outwardly he was obeying all the rules all the laws from A to Z when the Lord Jesus Christ met him the Bible said the Lord Jesus loved him he said I've obeyed this since my youth But he said, "Thou lackst one thing." That was what his heart was was all his riches. So he said, "Go and sell it and come and follow me." But the cost was so much for him. The Bible said that he left there very what? Sad. Very sad. And you think after he rejected the the the work for the day, he was going to get poor, he got riches and riches and his band was so full that he said that I'm going to enjoy. Then the Bible said that that foolish you think tomorrow is yours and then he couldn't enjoy it and he died. But someone like Peter, someone like Moses, Moses forsook all and follow the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And Peter also said, "We have left mothers, fathers, brothers, family and follow you. What are we going to get?" And the Lord said that there's no one that has left all this and followed me that will not be blessed in the present tense and what the world to come. Amen. So if you surrender yourself, if you worship the Lord Jesus Christ, he will bless you abundantly. It might not come the way you expected. But David said, "I have been young and old. I've never seen a righteous forsaken nor his descendants ever begging bread to eat." The Bible said that there's no good thing that God would uphold from those that walk uprightly before him. So once you are walking with God, once you are walking upright with the King of Kings, he will provide your needs. He will never leave you nor forsake you. But so many people they just caught up with the uh present situation and they get so much um kind of minded that they just want to follow just for a minute because the Bible said that Moses who refused to enjoy the pleasures of Egypt for a season and chose to go with our flesh. ation of the Israelites and he made a right choice and tonight you have made a right choice by sacrificing me to be here at this time and God is going to bless you even for the choice that you have made and let's continue to make the right choice even though it might be hard but he said he told the prophet that you have chosen the right way it's a narrow way but it is my way and because of this choice the whole momentum of heaven's source is waiting on you. So is a bride of Christ a compound meaning let's take the narrow way because many are called but few are chosen yet many are the children of the bond woman but the children of the of the of the hus of the of the few men are few. So said little h little flock do not worry. It is your father's kingdom pleasure to work to give you the kingdom. God does not look in their numbers. He look into the heart tonight. If you purpose yourself that I am one person I am the one to be sent to be there for God to use me. And if you purpose and you believe it you are more than a million. One will chase a th00and two will chase 10,000 because Moses what did Moses did the Bible said that he became prisoner of Christ and when we are prisoner of Christ we have not our own choice we have not our own way it's God's way to be our way not our own s not our own way and God is was behind our skin because he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He will never leave you nor forsake you. And Moses forsook everything and follow Jesus. But those who do not have the true seed of God like Dayton and Kora, they challenge Moses. What I'm trying to say is that God will cause separation. Amen. It's not you that going to separate yourself. It's the word of God that will separate. And when Dayton and Korab challenge Moses, when the showdown came, what did God did? He told Moses to just get out of the way. And on that day, he opened the what the the earth and swallowed thousands of them for following data and Kora and God separated them. Amen. But oh man, there was someone out of if you read the Bible, it says that the children of Israel, they have were fed by the angels. They have mana, spitting rocks, they received the battle, they have all those things. But they were heart was not pleased with God. And only two who had the right seed who were able to be born again. The Bible said that Joshua and Caleb they were of of different spirit. So it's you and me. We are of a different spirit. That's why you can receive the word for the day and and believe it and leave this present day ministry because we have a different spirit and that different spirit we have is a rapturing spirit is a quickening power. Amen. The Holy Ghost in us it help us to choose the right way, the narrow way. Even though it's hard but we chose that narrow way. Sometime you can't see your way forward but you still trust in God. Sometimes everything fall apart but you have confidence in God and one day when all is dark he comes on the scene and change things and change situation. Amen. Amen. Just like Joshua and Caleb they said that they uncircumcised Philistines. We're going to get rid of them. Our God will give deliver them to us. So it's you and me. And God will deliver has delivered Satan to you. Satan has no power over you. He's just a bluff. He was defeated on Calvary. Death, hell, and grave were defeated. Amen. He died for you so that you can give yourself blessing. Give him push. Give him that a boot. I went to enemy's camp and I took up what he stole from me. Whatever the Satan has taken from you, you have the right to get it. It's a jubilee time. It's a redemption time. Don't be scared and sit on your corners and moan and cry like someone have no hope. Amen. Just be rejoice. Ah, God is on the throne. He's coming once more. He's riding a train once more through his bride. It's a bright time now. It's a bride of Christ time now. Amen. It's we that God is requiring. It's we that are God are using. We are his hands. We are his everything. If thou can believe, all things are possible. Amen. He conquered hell, death and grave. Every sickness under our feet. He said by his stripes we were healed. Accept your healing. Don't let the devil test anything. You accept your healing. Sometime might not happen right away, but it will come to pass. Just keep on believing. Just keep on believing. No matter how much you pay, don't doubt it. Believe God will bring it to pass. One day it will come to pass. Keep on believing. The moment you doubt, the enemy has got you. But why you keep on believing, it will come to pass, not hope. Hope is just something hoping you have something to tell. But faith is more than hope. Somewhere in the in the in the message of Bri, one brother was having a hope instead of faith. Bes hope you think it's going to happen. Hope look at circumstances. It can go all too far. But faith goes beyond hope. It faith it settle in your heart and you know it to happen. Yes. No matter what the circumstances, how blue, how bleak it is, faith goes beyond it. and trust God's word. That's what faith is. And it's a revelation. And you can never please God without it. Because all those who have the truth faith, they have the seed of God in them. Those without that seed cannot have the genuine faith. It will be hope and hoping for. They hoping this will happen. They hoping that will happen. But faith it get you settled because you know it's not you doing it. It's Christ in you. He's the hope of your glory. Oh our God is good. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. The word of God always separate us. Amen. Hallelujah. This word of God, it cause for total separation from every unbelief. Because remember, if you are a true seed of God, you are a royal seed of Abraham because it's not the bonesman son, Ishmamail. Even it's not the flesh that he has Isaac but the Bible said the seed of Abraham he didn't say seed seed and that seed of Abraham is a royal seed of Abraham and you and I that royal seed of Abraham and whatever God was requiring from Abraham if we are a royal seed of Abraham God requires the same thing from you when God called Abraham He called him alone. But as human being, he grabbed his dad. He took his nephew with him. God didn't call Lot. He didn't call. He called Abraham. He said, "Walk before me and I will take you to your land." But he brought those with him. And until God separates all dead people from him, Abraham cannot get his blessings. So it is tonight. Unless you fully separate from unbelief, separate from anything contrary to the word of God, you cannot get your blessings. That is the only thing that can hinder that blessings because the word of God calls for total separation from total unbelief. That's why Moses said oh sorry David said Lord deliver me from what presumptuous sins. Sometimes maybe certain things happen you thought maybe you have got rid of it. Maybe it might be still hiding there. You got to go down this route and cast out everything. Don't let anything hang hang around you. Um unforgiven spirit or anything that people has done you take from your heart, your mind. Don't think all those things. Don't give them an opportunity have any baggage on you. just be free and let God have permanence and p you from every sin in the um greatest battle ever fought. He said that if a man could get his conscious conscience um senses, imagination, everything purged and place the word of God in there. No devil can battle against that. The problem is some of us don't go through the root. Get rid of anyone like Christ so that he can bless you the way he wants to bless you. And when Abraham his dad died and when his servants and Lord's servants were fighting he said that if you go to the left I take the right. You take the right I took the left. And you see yesterday I was talking to my sister in German. I was telling her cutting I just I was just telling just to come back what I'm trying to say. Lot saw the green part. It looks so green in Sodom. So he chose the fertile part and Abraham chose the what? The place that look like nothing is there. So I was just telling my sister that um my niece is done her masters everything but when it comes to marriage she doesn't need to get someone who has finished school like her. let God chose. She can even be married to someone who doesn't have an education, but that might be one who loved her. And a person might not even have money today, but tomorrow you can have more money. So when you making the choices, it doesn't have to be on a fertile ground. Just go by God's choosing. And Abraham gave the best in the natural high to Lot. But after that the God said that you have made the right choice in blessings. I'll bless you in multiply you. Look at the stars. You cannot even count. Why? He let God make a choice for him. And God was pleased with the choice. So it's you and me. Let's make our choices based on the word of God, not by the eye. Because the eye is always deceiving. Look from the heart and let God make the choice for you because his choice is the best choice. Let him choose for us like he did for Abraham. Sometimes it seems that people are full are trying to what um take advantage of you. Don't worry, everything will work out good. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. So, and unless when Abraham was totally separated, then God was bless blessing. So is you and me being a royal seed of Abraham. Unless we separate from unbelief totally, there is going to be always a hindrance. We cannot like flow through the way God to wants to flow. Amen. So let's get everything aside so God can use us both spiritually and naturally. Because remember it can one thing he did it affected the whole cup. You might think that oh it's just me. No you are part of a body. When one is sick we all get it affected. So if you go and take any box somewhere, you taking that box, you come to reflect the the church and the the the sons of God here. So let's watch our lives and be sure that we're not bringing any reproach to the gospel because your life is what um it's like a reading block. Once you claim this gospel, people are watching your life every day. You are billboard for Christ. Yes. Yesterday I was just thinking just coming and say, "Oh God, help me coming here to stand before your children. I don't want anything to distract my mind. Help me to come and preach like my last sermon because I don't know what's going to happen tomorrow. Will God be happy with me after I left? If I is my last sermon, what did I bring? How did I brought to please God? If the last sermon you going to hear tonight, is God going to please with you when you leave here? If anything happens, if it's your last sermon, you prepare her to come. So, let's approach every service very sincerely. That's our as if it's our last sermon because nobody knows tomorrow. People are dying left and right. It can be your call today or tomorrow. So what I'm trying to say is that let's all consecrate ourselves. Let's all come more prepared so that God can flow the way he wants to flow. I know he's been flowing here. Don't get me wrong. But he want to flow more and more that one day when he come the whole place will be sanctuary be smoking the power of God in the time of Solomon. It was so much that the five priest could not even what minister that's the atmosphere that you want to create. We've seen it. The pillar of fire has been vindicated the church over and over. We've seen the power of God. But that power of God, that revival, only the bride have that revival. It's a bride revival, not the people out there, not for the nomination out there. It's we God is using us. It's we that we having a right revival. And God is more than able to use you and me. It depends on what you will give him. And also it depends when he's ready to use you. So we don't rush on anything. Just let's be ready. So when God wants to use this, we're going to be ready to be use of him. Amen. That's all it is. We are not going for a race. We not like fighting with any why I'm doing this or that. Let's just be simple and live a simple life. And when the time that God wants to use you, he will use you, he'll use me. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm still on that um non seed and the seed of God having left it. There are so many examples. Judas, he listened to all the sermon of the Lord Jesus Christ. It did not do him no good. When it came the time for him to go to receive the Holy Ghost, his color showed. Why? because he has a wrong seed on him. And if you have the wrong seed, you can't go all the way far. You can only go for like a while like a hawk. You can't go like an eagle. It will show end. And Judas also repented like Esau repented. He gave their money back to him to them. But it was too late. And like Paul and Deos, Deas, whatever I said, if I pronounce the wrong the word wrong, forgive me. Paul said, "Why has Deas forsaken me?" For the present tense tense and he couldn't go far, but Paul so many people when it was time for crying of his ministry, so many people left him. So is the prophet of God. When the seas were revealed when the best thing came all people left him. The Lord Jesus Christ the same thing. They were 5 700 500. He said except eat of my flesh drink of my blood you have no part in me. They left. It was left 70. And after the 70 he said the son of man who is here still in heaven they say how can it be you are Joseph's son how can you be here be in heaven and they walk with him no more so is the bride of Christ we are sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus he said your soul changed didn't it your bodies Yes, we are in the Licia the seven church age but our spirit has been transported to the eighth day. We can say that we are say here still what in heaven some part of us has caused the eternal church age. Amen. We are present standing here but some part of was in heaven is the same thing the same God. When you say that people say, "Oh, you Phillip here in heaven at the same time." Yes, I'm sitting heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. The the bride can say the same thing. Yes. Because the same God. Hallelujah. So, we are no more lock up in the seven church age anymore. He's the same yesterday, today, forever. He's an awesome God. Ah, God is so good because eagles cannot eat dead food. Amen. Hallelujah. They only eat on what? The fresh food of God. Our God is good. Praise God. Hallelujah. I'm just um going to read this here. Yeah. I said, "Okay, that's fine." So, neither will a Christian eat on that dead car from old denominational doctrines and things. They want the word of God fresh. The promise of the hour. God promised rabbis in the days of Luther. He promised other things in the days of others. But now he promises a full square meal. The full seven course meal for all the services are open and everything is ready for the word of God to those who can what? Receive. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. And you what you know what the quickening power the apostles when they receive that quick for what did it do to them? They quickened them on the day of Pentecost. They were so much quicker in the power of God by next month that their tongue their language even changed. And that same God is here. And seven was also full of the quickening power that he the his eyes everything constant change what like light and that same quickening power one time Philillip in the Bible as he had a revival from one revival it was having a massive revival over there demons being cast out dead being raised all that and the and the and the and the power of God picking map to go and meet that what Ethiopia you know the Bible say he was transported he was quaking oh man and that same quaking power was so much in Elisha that even when he died he was full of God that quicking power so much on him brother sister that when they thread dead person on him that person right away come back to life amen so is you and me. Let's allow that picking power is in us. The same way that power walk with God, he was and he was not. That quickening power pick him up and took him the presence of God. He did not die. Amen. One of these days, soon and very soon, we shall go to be the king. We shall all not asleep one day. This motor will put on immortality and we're going to meet the Lord in the air with a twinkle of an eye. That quickening power be so much in this month. That within a twinkle of an eye, you're going to be in the presence of God. That rapture is a process leading to an event. Soon and very soon, you're going to meet a king. Amen. We're not going to be here anymore. all the suffering, all the cheat and all the things that we are going through, the people in the world and everything. One day it all going to come to an end and we're going to be in his presence and live there forever. We are the most blessed people of the s of this earth. We are blessed beyond blessing because the seed of God is in you and in me. Amen. Some of us have been under this ministry. Some 30 years, 40 years, 50 years. What do you think has kept you all these years? When a lot of people since you came, this one fell right, this one fell left, this one fell, this one fed that. They cannot go all the way. But God has kept you all this time. You have to be thankful. You have to know that there's something in you that is keeping you the seed of God. It's not the wrong is the true seed that has kept you all this far. Something keeps on holding me. It's the Holy Ghost. It's God himself that has kept us all this far. So we should be the most happiest people on the face of this earth. Amen. Because the seed of God in us, we can be reborn. And the Nancy, there's nothing to quicken them. Oh my. They just hang around for a little bit. They find a little fault, they pick up the bag, they gone. A little fault here. They Sometime God even can use a brother, even the pastor to try you to see your reaction. Amen. And sometimes it might not even be the wrong thing you have done. Just like Job, you are so perfect behind in the eyes of God that the devil said, "Oh, you have put a hedge around him. That's why he cannot do anything. You just let me take that hedge, let him try him and see if you're not going to curse you." God have confidence in Job. He said that don't take his life. go and do whatever you want to do to him. And I believe that what Job has got went through none of us has gone through half of that. He lost his family, he's lost his children, everything boys. And I believe that he was even thinking the wife and the wife said, "Why don't you curse God and died?" He said, "Thou speaks like a foolish woman. The Lord giveth, the Lord taketh, blessed be the name of the Lord." And because he was so faithful to the Lord Jesus Christ, that quickening power quickened him and show him. He said that, "Oh, I know my redeemer liveth in my flesh. I'll see the Lord." Amen. God quicken him to see the rapture and everything. That same God is here to quicken us to himself. Amen. So no matter what you go through, believe that God is on your side. Amen. He will never leave you nor forsake you. Amen. Hallelujah. The scripture said, he said, I will not leave my holy one in hell, neither will I suffer him to see corruption. Okay. Right. He said, but who is holy? There's no one holy. So when he said the holy one, it means God himself came to die to save us. He is the only holy one. Amen. So I'm going to just read this one for you guys for you. Sorry that he is the only holy God. There was no one when the cry went out. There was no one worthy to even look or to do anything. But the one was the tribe of Judah. Only the lamb came and took that book. He is the only holy one. There's none of us holy because well born is in by what? By sex art. But he came through the virgin birth. So he is the one that is the holy one. So I'm just going to add this to it. Then I'm going to wrap up. And so it is today. We don't try to be some big person. It is the rising of the sun. We don't care what people say about us. Our name aren't nothing. It's his name. Our life is nothing. It's his life. It's his power, not our power. And there is only one thing that we love to do is see him glorified. And how can it be when he's glorified what in us by his resurrection that is in us? We see him represented again as he was today. Did you get that? See, our desire is not to be glorified. Our desire is not some big name. See, our desire is not to be glorified. Our desire is not to boost some church or make more in Sunday school or try to bring in hog tie pushing offer picnic party or bring stars buttons or something else like that. That's not our desire. Our desire is to see him glorified. Glorified what? Not with self pride but in us our lives to prove he is alive and living in us. If I can get myself out of the way. So when William Abraham not even thought of and you not even thought of till we can see Jesus glorified tremendous see him that is our desire that's the quick gives us the quickening power and it gives us joy to know that we are with him both flesh and bone of bone of him being the bride of him and sin his name vindicated methods proving next that he's now risen from the dead. No wonder he said fear not for now notice you are redeemed by him and now risen with him that's what Easter means to the people raising with him notice we have his spirit in us he the abstract did fully paid no you don't say well I hope I make it you don't say I hope I make it you see You have already made it. Not I will make it. I've already made it. I never made it. He made it for me. See, not me. Him. Well, brother Abraham, they say I don't care what they say that he made it for me. That is all I want. I'm caring about. Just I want to see him manifested. How can we do it? Call him down? No, he is in you. He is in you. Well then, Lord, if I can get myself out of the way, you can manifest myself. How can you do it? Because you ordained it. So, all that the father has given me will come to me. So he said because I live you shall also live. Amen. Because he was what? The first wave she chief. And Abraham also demonstrate that to us. And that same God is in you and in me to do exact same thing. Not maybe the high level like that but according to what he wants us to do. And I believe with all my heart that it's the same quickening power. One day I was in square one shopping mall just on the escalator going walking down the escalator. Then when the escalator come all the way down, I saw a lady sitting down with a security around her. And they calling the ambulance to come and pick her up because she can't walk. I raised her. I said, "Do you believe in prayers?" He said, she said, "Yes, I believe in prayers." Okay. So, there was one brother. I didn't know that he was even around brac's people. So he came and took the lady's uh wallet or purse. He doesn't know the lady anywhere. We bowed down our head. We prayed in the public and within a minute by the time the ambulance came just jump and he was gone in her car. What that the same quickening power is using you and me in a small way. He's the same yesterday, today and forever because we are the evidence of his resurrection. Yes, we are the one that people are looking for. They looking to when they come to you with their problems. It's not you they coming to they approaching that God in you. That's why people bringing their prayer request to the prayer meeting because they have seen God in you. Uncautiously they are contacting the Lord Jesus Christ in you. He said that because I live you shall also live. said, "The works that I do shall you also do." Amen. He's the same yesterday to today forever. He love us and we are privileged that we can say that we are born again because we have the right seed in us. And somewhere said that even if your heart condemns you, God is greater than your heart. Amen. So I leave this with you tonight. Let nothing condemns you because he that believe in God has passed from death unto life. You shall not come unto condemnation. The word of God is judging you now. So you are not coming to any judgment. You are passed from death unto life. His spirit is the same spirit that raised up Christ from dead. If it dwells in you, it will also what? Quicken your mortal body one of these days. So let's keep on pressing on. Let's keep on pressing and pressing and pressing. One day we're going to see the one that we are we are talking about. It becomes so personalized and real to us that we can't have anywhere. You don't even know how to express it. He is God. He has risen from the dead. He's God. Every knee shall bow. Every tongue shall confess that Jesus Christ is God. Amen. He has never changed. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Let's pray. Oh heavenly most gracious eta god and I've just bring what is you place in my heart give me the scripture that a seed of god can never sin because your seed dwelleth in him and I've brought it away you gave me lord if I said anything or anything contrary ask forgiveness I pray that it will reach its intended purpose and encourage your children and bless them. Oh God, may the may the sick be made whole. May those who need money get jobs. Those who don't have a job get job. Father, oh God, answer their pray, provide their needs. May your spirit take full control Lord as you quicken the word of God because the letter kill it but the spirit giveth life. May that spirit quicken the word every day revelation upon revelation and bless your children has never been before. We thank you for hearing us. We thank you for your blessing. We thank you for revealing yourself to us. We thank you for the Holy Ghost. We thank you father for your love and mercy. We thank you. We cannot even thank you enough. We appreciate you from the bottom of our hearts. We love you Lord Jesus for your grace and your mercy in our lives. Thank you Lord. We give you all the glory and the honor in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Born again has really been a change in me. Born again just like Jesus said. Oh, born again all because of Calary. And I'm so glad I've been born again. Oh, born again has really been a change in me. Born again just like Jesus said. Oh, born again and all because of Calary. And I'm so glad that I'm being born again. Born again has really been changing me. Born again just like Jesus said. Born again is all because of Calary. And I'm so glad that I've been born again. Born again. Born again has really been that changing me. Born again just like Jesus said. Oh, born again is all because of Calary. And I'm so glad that I be born again. If the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead will in me when me. Oh, if the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, dwells in you. It will quicken your mortal body. If the sin spirit was in you, it will quicken your mortal body. If that same spirit dwell in you. Oh, if the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead in you, dwells in you. The same spirit that raised Christ from the ground [Music] you will quicken your bomb. If that same spirit dwells in you, it will quicken your mortal body. If that same spirit dwells in you, I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. The cross before me. The world behind you. The cross before me. The world behind me, the cross before me, the world behind me. No turning back. No turning back. Take this old world, but give me Jesus. Take this old world. Give me Jesus. Take this whole world and give me Jesus. I want to die. I want to die. Not go with me. Still I will fall. Don't not go with me. Still I will fall. Don't not go with me. Still I will follow. No turning back. No turning back. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. Oh, hallelujah. How many had a fun time in his presence today? Certainly. Thank God for brother Philillip just yielding himself unto the spirit. Amen. You are dismissed. See you on Friday and Sunday back here. Amen. [Music] I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you. My soul rejoice. Take joy my king in what in what you hear. Let it be a sweet sweet song in your ear. Oh, I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you. Oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy my king in wonder what you hear. Let it be a sweet, sweet song in your name. [Music] Let it be a sweet, sweet song in your ear. [Music]
