################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-10 - Thy Sins Be Forgiven Thee - Minister Kofi Antwi - Kofi Antwi.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-10
Title:    Thy Sins Be Forgiven Thee - Minister Kofi Antwi
Speaker:  Kofi Antwi
Church:   Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 13m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foGhn3u3rsQ
========================================

Description:
Minister Kofi Antwi 
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Wait in my soul. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. He's put that reassur waiting in my [Music] soul. He's got it all in control. I'll put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hands. Every word I walked on to show it is his plan. I put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hands. I've put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hands. Every road I walk down, I'm sure it is his plan. I'll put my life in a sight. And if it wasn't for the grace for the grace of God in my life, where would I be today? What would I have done in my life? It was not I who had sought him, but it was Jesus who had sought me. His hand of love. To me was given. And now I belong to it. and David was for the grace for the grace of God in my life. Where would I be today? What would I have done with my life? I was so lost and blinded, walking in darkness of sin. I had God predestinated me. is still to walk in his life. And if it was for the grace for the grace of God my life, where would I be today? What would I have done with my life? I'm on my way towards I possess eternal life. Nothing until now can ever move me. For I know Jesus is the way. And if it wasn't for the grace for the grace of God in my life, would I be today? What would I have done with mine if it wasn't David for the grace for the grace of God in my life? Where will I be today? What would I have done with my life? What marvelous grace, friends, let's bow our hearts before the Lord. Father, we are so grateful. Even on our mistakes, oh God, and our for failures, it's not greater than on your purpose for our lives, Lord. If it wasn't for your grace, where would we be? So so grateful oh God that you put a desire in our hearts to be serving you in this hour Lord we have a desire Lord many time we might make mistakes or failures but Lord that you has planned even our failures we see through the Bible Lord many many of this your servants they made mistakes but it was you use it for your plan and your glory Lord and here we are today Lord humbling our hearts before you Lord Where could we go but to the Lord? Seeking a refuge for our soul. Needed a friend to help us through the end. Where can we go? Father, we here to hear your word tonight. Lord, speak to us through your servant. Oh father, it is our desire to live for you, Lord. Especially in a dark hour like this, Lord Jesus, where everything is falling apart. All we desire is to come closer to you, Lord Jesus. Take full control of each and every one of us. Even those are watching online tonight. Lord Jesus, may you give them the same blessing, Lord Jesus. We thank you for the opportunity to be in your house. Take your servant, set them apart, Lord. Speak to our hearts tonight, Lord. We give you thanks. We give you praise. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Welcome into his house. Amen. [Music] You are my refuge. He's our refuge in a time of storm. Amen. You are my refuge. You are my [Music] san when I feel afraid. You're my light and peace. You are my And when the storms raise underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. We are glor I found a place I can hold it all here in your embrace where your mercies overflow. It is here that all my dust and face just melt away. I lay my burdens down as I lay upon your face. You are my refuge. You're my [Music] sanu. You're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raid your wings, I rejoice and see. You are my refuge. You are my refuge. You are my sanu and I feel free. You my days. You are my refuge. And when the storm is changing and your wings I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. God is good all the time for a song of praise in his heart. God is good all the time that I see. His light will shine on his way. What is [Music] all if you walking through the valley and the shadows all the way? Do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. He has promise to never leave you nor forsake you and his word is true. God is good all the time with the song of this heart of all is good. Through the [Music] darkness it light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. We were sinners so unworthy. Still for us he choose to die. He filled us with his holy spirit. All we can testify God is love everlasting. I [Music] mer God is good all the time. He put a song in this heart of the mountain all the time. Through the darkest night, a light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. God is [Music] good. God is good. All is good. Put a song in the smile. All is good all the [Music] time. His light, his light will shine. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good all the time. How many can testify that God is good all the time? Hallelujah. You may be seated. [Music] Amen. To something new. in my life. Something new in my life. Something new in my life. Oh Lord, do something new tonight. Something new in my life. something new in my life. Oh, yesterday another day come to something new in my life. [Music] Yesterday is gone. Another day, do something new in my [Music] life. Do something new in my life. Something new in my life. to something new in my life. Oh Lord, something new in my life. Something new in my life. Something new in my life. Oh Lord God bless each and every single one of you. I know it's not an easy walk. If someone tell you to follow Christ is easy then he don't know what he's talking about. That means the enemy has got him or her. But the more you get attacked, the more you run to Christ, it shows you are a child of the king. And may the Lord bless each and every one of you because I know you come here to feed the word of God. And let me tell you, don't take the word of God lightly because Sunday all what we heard was God in action from our beloved pastor. Because the words that was coming from him was not him. Because right now God is in flesh. People are waiting for God to come. He's already here in the word form moving in his wife in the flesh. As our pastor was talking, let me tell you all I could see was Christ in flesh. If you are not seeing that, then you will be dragging your feet to the house of the Lord. But if you are seeing Christ, let me tell you, it's a joy to come to the house of the Lord because when you come, you will be fed. Don't come and look at brother Kofi or pastor Danny or Pas Brother Tim, Deson, Phillip or Christopher, whoever stand here, come to look for Jesus. If you came like that, you I bet you I challenge you, you won't go home empty. God will speak to your need. God will make sure you never go home empty. Amen. Because he's talking, but are we listening to the voice that is speaking to us? Are we recognizing that is not a man? is not even because oh brother so so and so preach powerful message brother so so and so don't preach powerful message that's not the case listen to the voice the voice of God is speaking are you paying attention to it if you pay attention you'll be always be blessed and you always won't be weak. No matter what the enemy, no matter what, he cannot deceive you because you already been chosen. You already been predestinated. You are the word made flesh today. Don't you know that? Don't look at somewhere or something that you think, oh, the word will be made flesh coming. you that are made has been made the word flesh today. May the Lord bless you with my little thought that with my little speak that the Lord Let me tell you Sunday after the service I was saying to myself what am I going to bring on Wednesday a little coffee I don't know but hey he always give me a word regardless what I think I don't know he give me something to bring to you and that's what I'm going to bring whether it's big small I'm going to bring it cuz I'm going to move myself out of the way and he takes control right when he takes control don't look at brother Kofi look at way to Jesus as our prophet William Braham said okay let's take the our Bible sorry for letting you stand for And we read from Matthew chapter 9 to I think verse 8. Pray you brother. I'm looking at you. You sister your son. Yeah. Matthew. All right. Okay. Let his brother pray then. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Sometime those that you see that they don't even think they know something, those are the ones God will hide and pull the gift out and display himself because they think they are nothing. They think they don't know nothing. And those are the people God even hide and use for his glory and for his honor. So don't look at the worst. I didn't look at brother you're praying your words. No, no, no. That don't mean nothing to God. Okay, let's read the word. And he enter into a sheep. Matthew chapter 9. and pass over and come into his own city. And behold, they brought to him a man sick of the posy, laying on a bed. And Jesus, seeing their feet, said unto the sick of the posy, "Son, be of good cheer. Thy sins be forgiven thee. That's my title. Thy sins be forgiven thee. And behold, certain of the scribes said within themselves, this man blasphe. You see what they said? They didn't catch it because they were looking at man. But if they were having revelation in them, they could have seen that God was in front of them. Like today when the word is preached, so many in the message look at a man speak. Instead of them to look behind the skin of the man and look away to the pillar of fire, the mighty God hiding in the mind speak, they look says, "Oh, this brother speak. this one so so and so speak but it's most of all the time if you are in spirit you will see that it is God especially here that's speaking okay and behold certain of the scribes says within themselves this man blaspheing and Jesus knowing their thought said wherefore think ye evil in your heart. You see the word discern their hearts. For whether it's easy to say, "Thy sins be forgiven thee," or to say, "Rise and walk." But that ye may know that the Son of Man had power on earth to forgive sin. Then said he to the sick of the posy, "Rise, take up thy bed, and go into thy house." And he rose and departed into his house. Watch again. But when the multitude saw it, they marvel and glorify God which has given such power unto men. May the Lord add his blessing. Please be se sit down. I want you to know even though after Jesus has designed their hearts, right, they still standing there thinking, "Oh, God has given power onto man. Such power unto men." You see, they were thinking future But they were not recognizing that it was God standing in front of them. Read the word again. But verse eight, but when the multitude saw it, they marble and glorify God. They were glorifying God somewhere like some people when they go to church. Instead of them to glorify the word that is coming in flesh, they they are thinking imagination God is somewhere. So they glorifying that God. Come on. Jesus was standing in front of them. The word was standing in flesh. Amen. Just like today. Amen. The word is in flesh. Amen. The word is in the wife of Christ in flesh. So recognize the word that is in flesh in your day and catch it and go home and leave it. Simple as that. They they marvel and glorify God which has given such power unto men. They were thinking God who has given power unto man another God like the same way denomination think oh there is Jesus son of God they don't know son of god means god in flesh right god they think the way they think god somewhere don't think like that right god is now in skin in flesh in his wife talking. So when the wife the 54 ministry is bringing the word don't look at somewhere is the word that has made flesh speaking to you right now because when he said thy sins be forgiven thee who can forgive sin only God only God right so when God has forgiven sin and you know this day right where is God? God is in you at this hour you are the word made flesh. That's why the Bible says the saints of God will judge the earth. So in your mouth, if you are the wife of Christ, in your mouth, the word that come out from you is God speaking through you, his own word to the people. That's why Jesus says, "What you shall bow on earth will be bound in heaven." What you shall re accept on the earth will be accepted there. What do you think he was talking about? He was talking about you that the power is given to you. He himself in you. He has told us I will be with you in you till the end of the world. So right now he's in earth. So we are the one made flesh. Amen. As I am speaking to you, your sins are forgiven. Do you know why? I believe it. Because the God that dwell in me, if you are bride, you have no sin. You may say, "Brother Kofi, don't worry about this. We're not talking about the flesh. We talking about the inside man, the inner man. The inner man is portion of God that is the word for the day and he is speaking. So God want us to recognize that when we recognize that as our pastor was saying Sunday all the gossip will be go out from the sanctuary. All by biting spirits will be gone out from the sanctuary or even in your lips. Everything that is not of God that this outside person tried to bring to you because you have recognized who you are, you can cast him out. Jesus said in my name you cast out devils. What do you think? You can cast this outside man out because Christ in you is stronger than anything. But if you don't recognize that, you will be always dragging your feet. Even coming to church, you'll be always dragging your feet with prosperity. You may say prosperity, yes, prosperity is yours. But some of us, we sit down for the devil to rob us, to attack us, to take everything that we deserve. But if you recognize who you really are, God, your mouth has become the mouth of God. Your feet has become the feet of God. Your thought has become the thought of God. Everything that you do without you, God doesn't have hands and feet but your hands. God doesn't have mouth but your mouth. The heart. That's why the Lord want us to always recognize no matter what the enemy has attacked you. No matter how let me tell you for him his job is to bombard you. He will bombard you. He will frustrate you. He will take everything if you don't recognize it. But I challenge you. Take the word of God with the spirit of God backing you. God live in you. Some of us we've been sitting here for years after years after years after years as our pastor was saying 32 years, 33 years, some 40 years, 38 years, 36 years. What make you come day in day night? Is the spirit of God in you? You are not ordinary person walking on the street or going to church. You are son or daughter of God made flesh. The word in you has made what? Flesh. So rise up, take the sword of the Lord and says, I am a child of the king. Amen. I am what God says I am. I am what God says I am. I am what God says I can do. Some of us is still playing I can. I can. I can. I can. God doesn't deal with cans. God deal with with him all things are what? Possible. Through him I coffee can do all things. I can surprise you through Christ. Let me tell you Peter surprise even to today people that are reading the Bible we that have come behind them. Don't it surprise you what the Lord did through Peter? Doesn't it surprise you what the Lord did through John? Doesn't it surprise you what the Lord did through even Moses, Isaiah, John the Baptist? Doesn't it surprise you what the Lord did through William Abraham? A lot of people are praising William Abraham. No, it's wrong. Praise Jesus. Because it was Jesus that was hiding in Williamra. But with Abraham recognize that hey I am the prophet of the age because Jesus says so to me. I am the one that fulfilling the word. I am the word that has made flesh in my day. The seven seal couldn't open. Okay. It have to go through Williamraham. Christ have to come through who? William Arab body because he was earthly messenger. The prophecy was there. It will never go nowhere but come through with Abraham body. The word couldn't go through nowhere. But you because you are the word made flesh in your day. So recognize and take authority and begin to charge with the word and says, "Hey, I'm putting my feet. I'm taking authority through Christ. I can do all things through Christ. I can accomplish what Christ says I can accomplish through Christ." Not just the Pharisees. Their job is to criticize. Because you know why? And lot of us sometime we scared we going to make mistake when we are stepping out to walk on the water we scared we're going to make mistake don't worry about it when you were born didn't and you try to walk didn't you fall down so many times you fall down but so many times you get up and now through that you have able to do But walk, talk, do things. God the same way we walk with God. When he has chose you, he has chose you. Not just today, not just you come to this sanctuary, you were chosen before the foundations of this world. You were with him. Come on. You are part of the pillar of fire and you've been prophesied before this world was even created. Now you are sitting in flesh. You have been made flesh. May God help you for you to know that hey I am a prophecy. Amen. A prophecy in the word that made flesh. I'm not praying part of Judas or or uh the Pharisees. I am playing part like Peter or like John, like uh Luke or like Hannah, like Mary. You are carrying the word and the word in you as a matter of fact has become flesh. So don't sit down. Don't think oh I am nobody. You are somebody. You are somebody bigger than what you think. That's why brother Abraham used to say if you recognize who you are, you could speak your well and go and live in. What do you think he was talking about? Because you have to recognize that hey I am the word made flesh. Once you recognize that do you know there is a power that come over you? Do you know the confidence come over you? Do you know Satan no matter what happened you not scared no more because you know absent from this body you are present with the Lord. That means you have conquered the dead. You have conquered graveyard. As soon as grave grab your throat you are in the presence of God. So why are you worried? who supposed to be fear you sometime we let the devil push us oh I fear this I can't do this oh depressed oppressed no those things are not of God the things of God give what boldness confidence you understand God doesn't give people that people that h don't know what they are talking about God says My word is spirit and what? Life. If God is in you, there is a life in you and that life is not dead. See the room here. You turn on all the light. What are you going to get? Darkness. Right? But because there is light in this room, everybody can see me. But if you turn close all the light and everything, you can't even find your way to the door. But because of the light, you can find way to the door. You can see me. Why? Because God is light. So when light is in you, your light have to shine. The people you come contact have to know. believers, sinners, anybody, they have to know that God is in you because you are the word made flesh. Amen. When you open your mouth, they have to know. They may not like it. They may try to accuse you. Don't worry about it. Because if they prosecuted Jesus, they will prosecute you. Some people fear prosecution. Some people fear of making mistakes. Kofi doesn't care about those things. God open my eye. I don't even really care about those things. All I care I have one target. My target is what? I came here with the spirit of God in me to this world. And I wanted to fulfill everything God says I have to fulfill. That should be your desire. That should be your calling. That should be your your your your wish. Your wish should be the wish which God has designed you to be. Amen. But I'm afraid sometimes some of us the cultural the family systems takes those things away from us and we don't know who we are. Let me tell you if you really know who you are there's no sadness on you. Even sickness hit you pain this you don't even care about those things. All you know I am a child of the king because the revelation is inside you. Christ who is the light of the world is inside you. There's no darkness inside you. Because those that will worship Christ, the Bible says we will worship him in spirit and in truth. Amen. Right. Am I allowing your truth? Come on. I don't want to preach to grave people. I want people who is alive. If I want to preach into grave, I have so many graveyard in Willing. I'll go there and stand there and preach to the grave people. I want people who are alive. I'm talking to who? H the bride of Christ. Your husband is talking to you. Do you think it's brother Kofi? You think it's me? You think it's me? That's the way he has designed me. Let me tell you, he has designed me like that. Whether you like it or not, that's the way it going to be. Let me tell you that is the way he designed the pastor different. He designed h brother Tim different flip different des different Christopher different coffee is designed different and I tell you the truth I am not a hypocrite person I going to give my all my heart whether you like it or not that's the way God coming out because William Brown gave all his heart whether we like it or not that's the way God came The denomination even told him he was literate, he was dummy, he was all kinds of names they used to call brother Abraham. But we recognize that he was a prophet of the age. If William Bra is standing here, let me tell you so many intellectuals that are hidden in the message, they wouldn't even go close. They wouldn't go close to the prophet. They would think he was dummy. He was literate. He was all kinds of man. But let me tell you, God was in that man. God was in William Abraham. Yes sir. But the word in William Abraham doesn't stay one place because he died in 1965. The word has move on. And the word want us to move with the word. Come on. The word want us to move with the word. He didn't want us to get stuck. A lot of people know all the cause of the prophet, but they haven't met the one that was in the prophet. They don't know that the one was in the prophet now dwell in his wife. His wife and his wife is has even made herself ready. The reason why the rapture hasn't gone for to me for us to meet him in the air because God still have people that is calling. The some of the bride hasn't come yet but it's coming to a time this door will be closed. It will be closed on the gentile nation. We are looking at it. The world is falling apart every day. the stock market, the government, the the fabri, the name it all kinds of things are happening. Prophecies are fulfilling. Yes, sir. It's declaring to us what the prophet told us whether they like it or not. Everything we Abraham preached will come to pass. All of it. Yes, pastor. All of it will come to pass. We may not like it, but it's coming to pass because what he spoke sometime you don't hear from the tape. Thus say the Lord. You think it's William Abraham. No, God coming out in the skin. And if you are careful is coming out. God is coming out. There will be a time you will see even uh 54 ministries standing here the word will come out and it will speak thus say the lord and if you don't watch it you're going to say oh is the pastor's brother Tim is brother Philillip brother Desimo brother Christopher or whoever no is God coming out is God in the king this our God is Not joking. God is serious. Let me tell you, nobody can come here, stand here and fool around. This is not a place you can come here and fool around. If you are not chosen, you'll be gone. If God doesn't like you, even you can hide and come and stand here. But God doesn't like you, you'll be gone. God is not looking for intellectual speech. He's not looking for proper speech. All he's looking at is he's looking at his five for ministry whom he has ordained. Whether the man can speak right, he can't even he doesn't know his ABC D, but all he have is Christ the Lord, Christ the mighty healer, Christ the mighty Savior. Look at how Jesus designed the people heart. He designed them and because they have no part in him, they couldn't recognize that it was God in flesh telling that man his sins are forgiven. And also he was also pointing every one of my wife your sins has been forgiven. The Bible says if you want me to take you to the scripture what did the Bible says the sins of God we don't have sin. Don't you know that the Bible says we don't have sin. If you are true bride the saint doesn't have sin. Yeah. The seed of God doesn't have sin. No sin at all. And who do you think is? It's you. It's me. We don't have no sin. Don't let nobody condemn you. Oh, you did this. You did that. Yes, this man did it. But what about the inner man? Does the inner man did it? The word of God did it. The word of God is me did it. No. bring the word and see whether I will argue I I will challenge it. That's what Esau was trying to take it to his father to deceive his father so that he will get the birth right. But Jacob have the word inside him. Don't you know you are like Jacob? The word is already inside you. So you have no sin. No matter what the outside do is not you. If God want to strengthen you, he will bring you up. Just a thought like that. Boom. You will be going in your corner crying, moaning without even nobody telling you nothing. You will know when you make mistake. You can't even sleep. You can't even even think right. That seed in you going to battle with you till you make things right. Because why? God is hiding in you. And you are the word that has made flesh. You have no sin. You are a child of the king. You are the apple of his eye. You are God's sons and daughters. So have confidence. Let us trust the Lord. The word that is coming here. Let us receive it with gratitude, with boldness, with confidence, with joy, with happiness. Because when we do that, God will flow more and more out. God will come more and more out. You may think, "Oh, this brother don't know nothing." Yeah, I may not know nothing but I know the altar. The altar know me. I know him. That's all matter to me. That is all matter to me. If God knows me, I knows him. What are you going to say? Brother Kofi don't know nothing. You may say that I don't care one bit. One bit. All I care is the king has told me I am one of his bride, his wife. If you see like that, don't you know even when you are no matter how sickness come in you that sickness have to take Christ in you before he can take you. Don't you know that when I was in the hospital, I I used to say to myself, Satan, you think you have got me in the bed. Take Christ, then you can take me. If you can't take Christ, you cannot take me cuz I am in him. I'm his son. Hallelujah. I am one of his. I don't care what I'm coming out. Lazarus went to the grave. Jesus by Lazarus believing in Jesus he came out. We think it's just a story. It's reality. But these days tradition and cultural make people don't believe the word. They think they believe but so many don't believe. Even writing the message so many don't believe it. few. That's why the Bible says many are called but few are what? Chosen. So the chosen ones, the rechosen ones, they have confidence. They have crossover. They in the capstone as our pastor was saying they are feeding with the king of king which is the lord Jesus Christ. He abide in them. They abide in him. They and him has become one flesh. Then I they know I know that God is in me. Nobody can fool me. No man can fool me. You can't lie to me about this Bible because I know God is in me and I know I am going back to him. No matter what, I will go back to God. I came from Jesus Christ. I'm going back to Jesus Christ. Don't you know that is the bride talk? Don't you know that is your talk? Don't you know that is your your your your your way of believing the word says Satan no matter what you bring to me I am a child of the king I am a child of the king I may not know so many code this code that code this code this if you know wonderful God has given to you wonderful for it but all I know I am a child of the king I have repented repent of my sins. I baptize in Jesus' name. The Lord Jesus Christ's name is upon me. He's my husband. He's my everything. He's the one that I love. I love him more than anything. I love him more than my wife, my children, my father, my mother, my sister, my uncle, my friends, anybody in the world. I love Jesus more than that. Amen. I am not lying. Hallelujah. I am not. I'm telling the truth. If you can reach that point, let me tell you, all things are possible. Amen. All things, not have, all things are possible. Then God have confidence in you. He have your words become positive not negative. You become boldness. You become a hot potato for the devil because he know that you have the key over him to put him in jail and lock him up. Can you say that you in Jesus name? Don't you know you have the key? Amen. To lock Satan up. What are you going to do to me? A hot potato like this. He hit one, God in me will hit him back 10 times. I said he hit one. God in coffee going to hit him 10 times. You got to believe like that. You got to stand like that. Take boldness with the word. Like that. Then the word become pure read to you. Not just reason. Raising is not good. It's not of God. If you are raising with God word that God allowed you to reason to know more about him, that's okay. But if you are reason that will take you away from him, that's of the devil. And too many people have that because what spoken word is the original what? Seed. Our words must bring life. The words that we speak must be life. Not just words. We have to learn how to shut up, how to speak, how to calm down, rely on God. So that when you speak, I have learned that with my children, even my wife, I've learned that no, there are certain things sometime is doing. I'm seeing it, but I have to quiet. Not until God allowed me to speak. I will not speak. It's none of my business. You know why? God is using her to train me. Sir, Kofi, do that. I'm learning. I'm really learning. And it's helping me to become good so that the spoken word in me could come out more and more. more and more. Not just talk, oh the Bible says this, this that that you know we human beings we talk this that that. No, you want exactly where God want it to come from your lips so that when it comes it blesses your brothers and sisters even it blesses the sinner on the street. It blesses who God wanted to bless. If he wanted to save someone, it will bless him and save him. Otherwise, we going to take the word which is not in season. We're going to just speak the words. The prophet says prophet said that. This word says that. This word, the word says this, this that. And meanwhile, you just using the word like a baby who don't know how to sit in the washroom and go right way. He will just spread himself and go washroom everywhere. The Lord doesn't like that. God doesn't like that. God want us to yield ourself to him so that our mouth when we open is him coming out. That is the spoken word. In another spoken word is coming out from you. That is the real you. Don't you know that when you speak in a spoken word, that is you coming out. You coming out, God in you coming out. God wanted to come out. But until we recognize ourself really really good that the Lord want to come out of us, right? Then we cannot do the job. The Pharisees Jesus saw the people that come and he said, "Thy sins are forgiven thee." Right away the Pharisees, "Oh, this man blasphe me." Because Jesus was standing there as a man just I'm standing here. But it was God in flesh. So you and I sometime we talk to the people they will say oh this man talked to me look at what he says but I tell you the truth. They fail to recognize as those Pharisees back there failed to recognize that it was God in flesh. God is saying, "Thy sins are forgiven thee." You have no sin, no sin, no charge, no problem. We will say in modern day, no problem. Jamaica people say, "Ye man, no problem at all." Right? Jamaica say, "Yeah, no problem." That means he doesn't have anything with you against you. Right? That's the way God want in you. He have no sins at all. Don't look at the outside man. The outside man will fail you. But look at the inner man. God love you. Brother Kofi love you too. Let us love our pastor. The word is bringing is truth. Let us back him up. His mind, my my my my he who have an eye can see. But he who have no eye cannot see. Mikov, I don't know. I see. That's why I'm telling you. Not because he sit here. I'm telling you is the truth. the word he's bringing. I go home. I listen and I say, "Wow, this is God. God in the scheme." God is trying to tell us something. God is trying to tell you and I that, "Hey, I'm here. I'm in. You recognize. Recognize who you are. Don't be discouraged. Don't look at the world how the things are going. Recognize when you recognize when you seek me first. Let me tell you, I'll give you the treasures of darkness. Is it not in his word? This is Kofi word. This is the Lord Jesus Christ word. Challenge him. Prove him. You come, you seek him, you love him, you do everything he said and said, "Lord, you said this. I believe it. I obeyed. Honor your word." He will honor it and it will shock you. It will surprise you because he's a God that never short of everything. He's a God that gave his children everything that they need. But if you don't recognize it, I'm sorry. Brother Kofi going to recognize it and going to enjoy everything God have for me before you can push me around. People used to say things not you the ones here now or my brothers and sister here and I'll go in the corner and cry and moan hide it even I won't tell nobody because and I know I was in pain but and I know I haven't even I like the brother I can't even pray proper and when they asked me to pray oh my goodness was like I'm going in a washroom I want to go in the washroom right away. How would I even open my mouth and talk? Because when I talk, I'm going to get attacked by even praying for the offering. And I said, "Lord, you but you know me better than anybody. I can't even I can talk but bring the Bible words or say things. H you made me you know the heart more than anybody the best that I can I just put it on and and I'm still getting attack what is this I'll be crying crying crying sometime even they call me and rebuke me I'm just telling as it is call me to rebuke me what kind of devil spirit on and I'll be go home cry unto the Lord till the Lord will come and rebuke it right here through his servant pastor John Simon and I'm sitting down and I say Lord you are so good because you know my heart more than anything you see me preaching I wasn't even thinking of No, but God called me. I know. I have confidence. I have confidence in him. He put me here. Otherwise, if I said I can do it, no, but I'm trusting in him. He says, Kofi, don't worry about your words. Don't worry how you talk to. I have chosen you. I am going to make sure is me. Have confidence in me. When you make mistake, rise up. Because the righteous man falls seven times. He rise up seven times. Because why? The righteous man doesn't have a sin. Abraham does not have sin. God didn't look at Abraham that he fall seven times. And he won't look at copi fall seven times. He won't look at the five for ministry that we fall seven times. He won't look at you that you fall seven times. He don't look at that. All he look at you is do you love him? As our pastor was saying, are you going to walk with him to the end? Are you going to walk with him? And at the end, you're going to say, "Thy good and faithful servant. Come and enter into the joy of the Lord." That's what he require. May the Lord bless you all. You have no sin in the eyes of God. May the Lord bless you. That's my word. The Lord gave it to me. [Music] You enjoyed that tonight? Amen. Let's sing original life. Will you put that up for me [Music] song? God's attributes were manifested. It is bright in this last day. We have called to revelation our last prophet message. And we know and what we will raise up for. Praise the Lord. The original life. The original life. The original sea. The original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seven seal is the original life. The original sea. We are the world made flesh today. This is what the scriptures say. And our names are seen within redeemed perfect without sin. Yes, we are anointed and inspired by our God. He's the original life. His original life, the original seed, the original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seventh seal is on the original life. The original sea. Our eyes of understanding has opened up at last. And sweet victory is our soon chain down in the past. through Jubilee has sounded and we have responded to our God. The original life, the original life, the original sea, the original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seven seal is on me. The original life, the original sea. Hallelujah. Let's bow our hearts before the Lord. Father Lord, we are so grateful again, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for your word tonight. Lord, we are the word made flesh today, Lord. This is what your scriptures say. We thank you for your word tonight using brother Coffee in such a marvelous way. Lord, as we leave about to leave for home, Lord, may you go before us. May you guide us, protect us, and bring us back into your house on Sunday, Lord, so we can come and worship and give you thanks and praise in your precious name we pray. Amen. And amen. You're dismissed. [Music] Amen. The original. [Music] The original seed, the original word is what I believe. The son of man is free. The seven seal is on your original. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat.
