################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - This Is Love (Part 4) - Pastor Danny Mazzilli - Danny Mazzilli.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-20
Title:    This Is Love (Part 4) - Pastor Danny Mazzilli
Speaker:  Danny Mazzilli
Church:   Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 13m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdpY1ePB2Iw
========================================

Description:
Pastor Danny Mazzilli
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
God send his son. He called in Jesus. He came to love, heal and forive. He live and die and he bought my partner. [Music] An empty tomb is there to prove my s. Let's sing this morning. Hallelujah. Because he left me. Because he live. I can face [Music] to risen this morning. Hallelujah. All fear is gone. Thank you, Lord. Because I know, yes, I know he holds my future. I love his work. living because he live and then one day and then one day I'll cross that river. [Music] I'll [Applause] fight the wall with the pain and let us stand gives the way to [Music] victory. I'll see the light of glory. I know this morning [Music] because I can face you because he [Music] lives because I know. Yes, I know. He holds the future and life is worth the living. Because one more time because he live because he can face tomorrow because he lives [Music] all because I know. Yes, I know. He holds a future and life is angels because he Hallelujah. He's risen this morning. Give him a hand clap this morning. Hallelujah. We know the truth. He says him arise in our hearts. Amen. He is living in us this morning. We glad to be in his house this morning to give him thanks and to give him praise. Amen. We thank God for his resurrection this morning. He's here. He's here. Elijah God is with [Music] us. He's [Music] here in us. Behold the rock of Christ in far away. [Music] is God is here. She walks with the word of the hour. She talks the demons before his very power. Behold the ground unit. Yes. Elijah God is here. Oh, he's here. Elijah God is with us today. is here to do what he [Music] uses God is here. as he's come to [Music] town. She is here for the son of man today is here. I just He's come to tabernacle. He's [Music] come prepared by God. She is [Music] here. Son of man today is Elijah. God is here. She's here. She's here. Elijah is [Music] sweet to do all the ground. She knows. She knows. She knows. She is my love. I have no one today. She knows. Hallelujah. I say it again. All she knows is Christ. [Music] And there I can do [Music] [Applause] [Music] my name. Oh [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Oh, [Music] Christ. Thank God for his resurrection this morning. Hallelujah. The Apostle Paul writing here in 1 Corinthians 15, he says, "If Christ be not risen, then our preaching is in vain and our faith is in vain." Our faith is meaningless. We're glad to know him in his power resurrection. Hallelujah. Want to welcome all of us with us this morning. We're excited people this morning, but this crisis been in our hearts this morning. Come and feel free to worship with us this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Give me flat. Gone. The tomb has been rolled back. Amen. Can you put up the words for me for that song? God, the stone has been rolled back. Gone. The stone's been rolled by God. [Music] Hallelujah God. Oh, triumphant God. Defeated God. He live forever. Oh God. Oh God. Stone before God. God to say that the father is one. Oh God, [Music] God's not dead. Oh, God. He is alive. God, he is [Music] alive. He is alive. I feel it all over me. Oh, I feel I feel I feel I feel in the church. I feel on the street. I feel him in the air. I feel him everywhere. I feel him all over me. God's not dead. God's not dead. He is alive. [Applause] God, he is alive. God, he is alive. I'm feeling all that's not this morning. Oh, I feel I feel I feel I feel him. I feel I feel him. I feel I feel him. I feel him. I feel him. I feel him everywhere. I feel him. was not there. Oh, God. Oh, he is alive. No, he's alive. No, he is alive. I feel it. God's not dead. God's not. No, he is alive. No, God. He's alive. was not he is alive. [Music] Somebody say praise the Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. He redeemed me. I' been born into him. [Music] I just meation. [Music] I'm a new creation. I'm a new [Music] [Applause] creation. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] All [Music] things where I [Music] am. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Here's your prophet speaking what I'm speaking. message is the resurrection of Lazarus. He says when he rose on Easter morning, he broke every shackle of hell, death, and the grave. He proved he was God, Emmanuel. He He's raised on high today. Do you believe this this morning? Amen. As we go to prayer, I'm going to sing this little song. Give me all I want to do is love you. Hallelujah. Something in your heart this morning, just lift your hands unto him this morning. Amen. All I want to do is love him. So glad I feel his love for me. Jesus paid the price of redemption on the cross of Calary. So every day my heart will praise him. I know I'll never be. All I want to do is [Music] love. All I want to do is sing to him this morning. All I want to do is love you. So glad I feel his love for you. Oh Jesus be the Christ on the cross of [Applause] [Music] God. I know I'm going to be [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, what great love. What great love this morning, Father. Lord, as we gather here together today, Lord, oh Jesus, your presence is so welcome here, Father. Lord, there's been a resurrection, many resurrections here this morning, Father. And I pray there be many more resurrections, oh God, this morning, Lord Jesus. That you would resurrect every single hearted here this morning, Lord. We don't need to be pumped up, Father. We don't need to be worked up this morning. Oh God, your presence is enough for us, Lord, in our lives, Lord. Father, as we gather, we see that from the beginning of time, your love has been expressed, oh God. It's been nothing but love, Father. Lord, your love expressing down through the ages, Lord. We can see it that we were in your mind. We can see it from Adam. We can see it down to Moses, Abraham, when you walked the earth through the apostles, Lord, and resurrected in these last days, Father. And here we are. What great love, Father. What great love that you have besought upon us this morning, Lord, that we would be gathered here. Not by chance, Father. Not by the will of man, Father, but I believe with all my heart by by the election of God, God's mighty hand of love leading us here this morning as we gather together, Lord Jesus. And Father, as we gather in your presence, we want to receive what you have for us this morning, oh God. We don't want to leave empty, Lord. We don't want to leave the same way, Lord, because you have predestinated us this morning. You have called us here this morning, Lord, to receive something from you, Lord. That's your desire in your heart to give us a more of you, a part of you this morning, Lord. And I pray in the name of Jesus Christ, Lord, that you would move upon every heart, Lord, this morning. that the love of God would flow through this place, fill this place, oh God, this morning, every heart, Lord, that we will experience what the resurrection is, Lord. What the Easter morning means to us, Lord, not what the world has projected on our minds, Lord, but we leave here, oh God, with a peace that passes all understanding in our hearts, oh God. a a a a freedom of deliverance in our souls, Lord, in our minds, in our hearts, Lord, that you would just move in a mighty way and heal the people, Lord. Lord, there there might be afflictions in their minds, in their hearts, in their spirits. There might be circumstances upon their lives this morning, but you are greater. You have risen, Father. The the quickening power is here this morning to do what it needs to do. Lord, give people the faith this morning, oh God, to receive it, Father. And Lord, as the word would come forth once again, the most important part of the service, Father, I sent my word. It's your It's always been your spoken word, Lord, that has changed everything. Your spoken word created the worlds that we see. It created us this morning. It created all things, oh God, this morning. Once again, Lord, not by man, not by might, not by power, but by your spirit, sayeth the Lord. Come again, Lord, and speak your word, your created word into our hearts, Lord. And may there be hearts that will receive it this morning, Lord. If there's any doubt, Lord, any demon power, Lord, any power of unbelief, Father, cuz we know we're in the greatest battle ever fought, oh God, this morning, we pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, let the atmospheres be loosed this morning. Let every heart be loosed this morning. Satan, we command you in the name of Jesus Christ as we join our faith together. This is where the sons and daughters of God have liberty and have gathered this morning to hear from God Almighty in the name of Jesus Christ. Loose these atmospheres and Lord come this morning. Send the angels of God as you promised Lord and let us worship together Lord as a song leader would take the worship to another level now father in the name of Jesus Christ. Thank you Lord. We give you all the praise, honor, and glory, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come by the bill. Let's take the Tyson off, friends. Just imagine, you can get the the young kids ready to come up and do the first. Come by the bell. Father, we are so grateful, oh God, for the opportunity to bring your tithes and offering back into your house, Lord. May you use it for your honor and your glory. We thank you for providing jobs for us, Lord, and taking care of us, Lord. We we give you thanks and praise. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Hallelujah. You may be seated this morning. Amen. It's good to be in his house. Amen. Hallelujah. Are you happy this morning? Yes, sir. We're so grateful for his love. Hallelujah. So, you're going to get them ready. Yeah. Bring them up. Yes. Yeah. So, can we have the the choir, not the choir, the Sunday school students to come up? They have a poem for us this morning. So, they can come right ahead. We can get an a song. [Music] Right. Hallelujah. [Music] All I want to do is love his soul. [Music] service to the King of Kings. Because he died so I can live. I will live my life in service to the king because he loves great and small. I will serve him with my all because life on earth is temporary. I will give my time to gain eternity. I will serve Jesus Christ my Lord that gave me with a double-edged sword. He slew the giant and later prophesied the Messiah would die. But his body not see corruption. I will serve Jesus Christ, my Lord, like the prophet Isaiah, who turned from the influence of the world, received the call of fire and declared to Israel. His name will be called Emanuel. Although I am young and have a lot to learn, I know I must have revelation to receive God's word. I will serve the King of Kings by giving him my heart, my time, my talents, my thoughts, my everything. The Lord Jesus Christ died so I can be reconciled, redeemed, and restored. He has shown me the way back to who I was before the foundation of this world. I am his child, his attribute, his seed. So I will love and serve the King of Kings with all of me. [Applause] [Music] In the [Music] sun at the day and in the spring time. When the flowers fill the trees and the grass is going green, I can see him. Halleluah. Halleluah. He is risen from the grave. Halleluah. Halleluah. He is goodness. He is grace. Every day, every hour, I reminded of his power and his peace. Hallelujah. He's risen for me. In the colors of each sun and in the sky when it melts into the night, hope is gi. And in the promise of the fing that the time is coming soon, I can say halleluah. Halleluah. He is risen from the grave. Halleluah. Halleluah. His goodness, he is great. Every day, every hour I'm reminding of his past and his peace. Hallelujah. He's ris for me. [Music] Jesus is [Music] risleluen from the grave. Hallelujah. Halleluah. He is goodness grace. Every day, every year I'm reminded of his powers and his peace. Hallelujah. He is risen for me. He is ris. [Music] [Applause] Sister Mash, you going to get ready to come and sing for us? You can get your choir ready. I'll sing a song in between that. Hallelujah. Can be seen. Amen. It's not by might It's not by power but by my sin. Okay. Can we have the choir come up? But by power and by my spirit. This mountain, this mountain shall [Music] be shall be mountain. [Music] [Applause] Oh, I knew I [Music] be ready. I see. I see the cross of darkness from the sea of good enough for me. Oh, they are the cross as far [Applause] as this [Music] is good enough for me. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise [Music] God. Glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. How wonderful it is to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. as we have to celebrate. You know, I was just thinking about love and then our brother touched on the song the capstone of love and it just blew, you know, birthe my heart open because it's like when you have a revelation of who God is and how much he loves us, right? As our pastor shared on Friday, victory day, he died to give us the victory and then now he loves us beyond the love that we can even begin to comprehend. So, I just pray that beyond anything you recognize how much God loves you and we're here to worship. Matter of fact, we're going to invite you. Please stand up. Right. Amen. This is a song to give praise and glory to our God. And it's a song we want to invite you to sing and clap with us and rejoice because we're here to worship who? The King of Kings. Amen. So the Lord richly bless you. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] I wish I could tell you. Wish I could describe it, but I can contain it. Can't keep it to myself. There aren't enough colors to paint the whole picture. Not enough words to ever say what I found. Wonderful and beautiful and glorious and holy. He is worthful and powerful. Who we talking about? That's my king. We declare the glory. Give him all the honor. All together worthy. Who we talking about? That's my king. There's nothing before you. [Music] We will adore you. All this for you. Who we talking about? That's my king. My Jesus, you're my [Music] king. The rocks without joining the chorus. The harmony. The angels. Angels. All the ages, ages, earth and heaven. He is wonderful and beautiful and glorious and holy. He is merciful and powerful. Who we talking about? That's my king. Glory. Give him all the honor to get worthy. We talking about you for talking about that's my king. That's my God. That's my protector. That's my king. That's my God. That's my defender. We talking about my [Music] king together. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. That's my That's my That's my That's my That's [Applause] [Music] [Applause] my Hallelujah. How many enjoy that this morning? Let me see if the [Music] spirit had raised Christ from the dwelling. [Music] Oh my Your word also. [Music] [Music] [Music] As long [Music] you will break your body. [Music] dwell in you. Amen. Praise God. Glory to God. Amen. Thank you. Amen. God bless you saints. Amen everybody. Welcome into the house of the Lord. Happy Easter. Happy resurrection morning. Amen. It's um I believe this is the most significant most important day in the history of the world was when he kept his promise. He went to Calvary but he kept his promise. He said, "I will raise up again and then I will send you the comforter which is my spirit, the Holy Ghost." And when it comes upon you, it's going to guide you. It's going to lead you. It's going to direct you. It's going to bring you into a perfect relationship with me like you've never possibly imagined. Amen. Praise God. And so, we're very excited today to be in the house of the Lord um and celebrate this glorious day. Next Sunday, we will have our former pastor uh brother John Simon who will be ministering for us. Amen. And um I'm looking forward to that. I always get excited. I don't know about you, but I always get excited when uh when uh he he ministers the word of God. Amen. I love him. I respect him as my elder, as like a father in the in the gospel. Now, I don't call him father John. So, don't worry, okay? We call no man father. We have one heavenly father. We have our earthly uh mother and father, of course, and we love them and and we respect them. But when it comes to the gospel and the word of God, we have one father and his name is the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. So, I'm looking forward to um uh listening to our uh precious brother John who uh is always music to my ears. It just it just meets the need. I was birthed under that ministry. I was birthed under the voice that proceeded from his mouth. But I knew it was the voice of God. Amen. And that's what we have recognized in our day by God's grace. That same voice is still speaking today. Amen. We know God sent us a prophet and God's voice oh it sounded right around the world over seven times. But when the prophet left the scene, he introduced us to the voice that was the voice that was in him. Amen. And that's what we follow today. That's what uh inspires us. And it's that spirit that's going to raise us up. Amen. Glory to God. And so, um, we want to continue to remember Sister Carol. Um, she had some surgery. Sister Carol Lewis had surgery this past week. She was brushing with life and death, but somehow the Lord is keeping her and the prayers of the saints. She's very grateful for that. She spoke with Sister Jennifer yesterday and and let us know that she's back home and she's getting better and she appreciates everybody's prayers. Please continue to pray for her. Amen. Praise God. How many has a request this morning? Has a need this morning. Say, "Lord, remember me. I have a need." Glory to God. Father, we're so grateful this morning. Lord, as we approach your word, Father, we approach it with uh Lord, with sovereignty within our hearts, oh God, with humility, Lord. We approach you because you are the king of glory. We recognize, Lord, that we are uh very unable, we're not capable, Lord, to do anything without your spirit and your presence when it comes to the to the preaching of your word. But Lord, we just ask that you will anoint these uh scriptures, these uh notes that I've laid down. Father, there's so many notes. Lord, I can't even imagine in my mind how to convey the things that burn within my heart, Lord, as as I studied this week. And Lord, it just it's too much. It it's just hard when I come to this place now where I've got to uh convey to the people, Lord, I need your help. And Lord, we all need your help to to give us the portion that we all have need of. So Lord, anoint your people to pull on you. And may you meet every need, Lord, and anoint this vessel. I surrender it to you, Father. Have your way, Lord. We love you. We appreciate you, Lord. And we surrender all things now. We We so thank you for this wonderful day, Lord. It is the rising of the sun, Lord. We appreciate you. We love you. We can't say enough. Lord, may you have your uh precious way now. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you, saints. Let's look to our scripture. We've been on a series here on um this is love. And we know that um saints, everything that that that we read from the word of God, I want you to know that it's it's a love letter to you, to the bride, to the church, the the word of God is his love letter to us. And we want to look within the word today. We're going to be looking at the Apostle John a little more in depth. We're going to see how he relates to the church and why he's been called the apostle of love. That's why his gospels are called the gospels of love. Amen. Praise God. And so, um, there's I've got so much that I want to bring, but I'm going to just see how the Holy Spirit leads me through these notes. And as you pull on the word of God, I believe we're all going to receive our portion. Amen. Romans chapter 8 verse 11 a very familiar scripture says but if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken speed up take your molecules and translate them and change them and move them from one dimension to another. He's going to quicken your mortal body. The word that we are receiving in this day and in this hour that the church, the the the true church is is feeding on is is a word that will quicken. Amen. It'll transform your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you. Praise God. You may be seated. Amen. We had a Good Friday service here where we talked about the victory of the resurrection. And truly, that is the victory for us is the fact that he rose and that he came and that he gave of himself and he's come back now onto the church to prove to this world that the that that the victory is going to be fulfilled in the scripture of a rapture. Amen. that that there's going to be a group of people, individuals that are going to be a part of the body of Jesus Christ. It's not because you're going to belong to a certain church that you're going to go in the rapture. It's not it's not going to be because you belong even to a message church or that you heard that God sent a prophet or that God has anointed uh you know uh the the five-fold ministry in this hour. It's going to take a lot more than that, saints. It's going to take a personal revelation, a personal experience, something that is going to change you, that you will never be the same. Amen. Once you've had this experience, the rapture will become a reality. You'll realize that you've already been raptured. You've already been taken out of this world because you're a strange speckled bird. You're living different than others. you're you're you're uh you know you're not like the rest of the world, but it's because of the life of Jesus Christ that dwells within your mortal body that causes you to live a life that's completely contrary to that which we see out there in the world and even in the church world. Amen. Praise God. Now, if you've met the God and the spirit that I'm talking about here, you'll know exactly what I'm saying. If not, listen closely because the Lord is going to speak to us today. Amen. Praise God. Let's go to the next slide. Today's title is resurrected with him. The resurrection has taken place. But if the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, and you should know by now if it's dwelling in you, then you'll know you're already resurrected. You've already been snatched out of this world. Amen. And you're in a a rapture condition. You're you're you're on your way to a complete and total body change. It's going to culminate in the body change. It's going to culminate in the in the moment and in the in the twinkling of an eye, but it's already started in your life when you receive this word. Amen. And so let's read our uh our first quote here from it is the rising of the sun. But if the spirit of him, God, the holy spirit that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you. Now there, there you are. If the bridegroom's spirit dwells in the bride, if the bridegroom's spirit dwells in the bride. So there is actually a marriage that's taking place right now between Christ and the church. Amen. And this marriage is in progress. And it requires for the bridegroom's spirit to dwell in you as the church, the bride. When God made his first bridegroom, he made the bridegroom first and he was both man and woman in spirit. Formed him in the dust of the earth to make him material. And notice when he made Eve from Adam, he took not another piece of clay. He took the same piece of clay. So if you're a part of God, it's because you come from God. Amen. You come from his body. You come from his mind. You come from his very existence, his being. You are an attribute of God. He took not another piece of clay. He took the same piece of clay, the same word. For Adam was a spoken word. See, he took from him and then taken he had masculine and feminine spirit and he took the feminist spirit away from Adam and placed it in Eve. So, it's still part of Adam's spirit. Amen. It's Adam's flesh. Then it was Adam's spirit, the dynamic that quickened the mechanics of his body. So the bride must also be flesh of his flesh and bone of his bone. Glory to God. Amen. So here we see now that the bride is actually Adam, Christ, a portion of him. She's not something different. She is actually an attribute of God, a part of God. And the same spirit that was in Adam was in Eve. That's what quickened them to live. Amen. Praise God. And so we know now that it's not going to be uh uh uh because you joined a church. It's not going to be because you put your name on a certain church or you belong to a denomination that believes in Jesus Christ. It's going to be that he himself declares to you personally that you are a part of me. And you shall know that I am in the father, ye in me, and I in you. On that day, you're going to know that it's you and God. It's you in Christ. It's you. It's Christ in you that's going to quicken you out of this dimension. Amen. And we are right now in that dimension and dispensation of perfect love. This whole story in the mind of God was an expression of his love for his children, his family. We are the seed gene of God. And he had always in the back part of his mind wanted to have this this fellowship, this this uh uh existence with his family. And God can only have fellowship with God. God can't you can't understand God unless you've got the spirit of God. That's why the Bible says it's impossible to please him without his spirit. And his spirit, the Bible says God is love. And so this is the age of the love dispensation. This is the age where your relationship uh experiences a love which is called the love divine. It's the agape love of God. It's it's this that we've been talking about. It's this love that's taken you out of this world, taken you out of the tradition that you were under, pulled you away from church membership and and tradition of man. It's brought you into a personal love relationship with God himself. Amen. Let's look at our next scripture here in 1 John 4:16 because we're going to be looking at John here very closely. And I want you to see the relationship and the relation and the type and why it is that that you are experiencing and recognizing the word that's being revealed in this day and in this hour. John was was a gospel of love. And we're going to see that all his gospels were gospels of love. And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us. God is love. And he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God and God in him. So if you have been called to the revelation of this hour, you have been called to a grace and a love that supersedes any other kind of love that you could have ever possibly imagined. And as you grow in that relationship with God, you'll better understand what it is that I'm saying. Amen. Praise God. And so we're in this capstone age. It's called the bride age. And the church is now being called into this age. Whether you know it or not, that's the age that we're living in now. We're beyond the seven church age. Praise God. We've entered into the capstone age. And God has sent us a 20th century prophet by the name of William Branham who came and was the one to fulfill certain scriptures. Malachi 4:5 and Revelations 10 1-7. And by by recognizing these scriptures, it is the first step of you entering into that age without recognizing this messenger because God sent messengers. God does nothing unless he first reveals it unto his servants, the prophets. And we need to understand that in order to understand the age that we're living in. And to not recognize the fulfillment of scripture that pertains to a particular age and dispensation is to miss Christ. It's always been that way. When Christ, they were talking about him coming in the Old Testament. Behold, he comes riding in on the on the full on the on an ass on the full of a mule. He comes riding in into Jerusalem and he fulfilled the very scripture to a tea. But yet it was only a handful that actually recognize the word was being fulfilled in their day. You see, you've got to understand scripture for your day in order to recognize what God is doing. Amen. Praise God. And so here I want to read a quote here from the uh um from uh Ephesians church age. It says a few moments ago I mentioned that John understood what it was to love God. Now we're looking at John here. So so just bear this in mind as this is all from from this point on. Bear in mind that we're that we're looking at John very closely and we're seeing how we relate to John and how we actually type John in this love dispensation. And he says here now he says I mentioned that John understood what it was to love God. That great apostle of love would certainly see when the church began to lose that first love of God. Let me tell you, if there's anything that that's happened in the churches today, they've lost their actual first love for God. And John was able to recognize that. And I know you could have recognized that before you come to this message. You saw that the that the world was was falling apart. If there listen, we're in a love dispensation, but yet the world is a million miles away from love. There's more separation and war and and and division than there's ever been. Amen. And so John recognized it. You're going to recognize it. And he says here in 53, 1953, do you believe? Do you now believe? He says, now St. John, you say, brother Brandham, you sure read a lot out of St. John. He says, it's one of my favorites. John is a book of love. So John is a very uh significant apostle. Amen. We can see that John not only types the bride but also types the dispensation that we're living in because John was the youngest of the apostles and he was the one who wrote the book of revelation. Amen. He was the one that was given the revelation of the end time. He was the one that that that was caught up and and given the the the mysteries of the word. He had a special relationship with the Lord. You're going to see here. He was the youngest apostle and he's mentioned several times as we will see as we read certain scriptures as the one who Jesus loved. Yes, sir. You're going to see that over and over. His epistles are the epistles of love. In all John's books, he's constantly telling us, "Love one another." The entire book of Revelation is a book of God's love being revealed in symbol form. It is the revelation of Jesus Christ. Amen. And who receives the entire revelation of Jesus Christ? John. And who is John? He's an end time writer. Yeah, he's an He gets caught up into the spirit. He gets He He gets called to come up hither and see all that was going to take place in this age. Amen. In this end time age. Amen. Praise God. And his anointing is an eagle anointing as we're going to see. Now here now I'll read the next quote here from the invisible union of the bride of Christ. You're the virtuous bride of Christ, washed in the blood of Christ, precious, virtuous, sinless son of God, standing with a pure, unadulterated bride word that he washed uh by the water of his own blood. It's his spirit that purged you. It's his blood that cleanses you. And you're ver listen, you're spotless. you your sin has been wiped away like it had never happened in the first place. That's what that's what he's done for you. Amen. That become flesh and manifested that he might take you which were predestinated in his bosom in the bosom of the father before the beginning before the foundations of the world. The same as he was. He was that great attribute of God called love. Jesus is love. God is love. When you're talking about Jesus, you're talking about God. We're not talking about three in one here. We're talking about the same person. Amen. When John looked upon the throne, when he was brought up and caught up into into the heavenly spirit, he looked upon the throne and he saw one that was seated upon the throne. Amen. He that was, he that is, and he that is to come. Amen. Glory to God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. So, all the virtues he goes on to say here. Now, listen, let's go to the next slide. Now, this is a this is a familiar uh slide. And, you know, I'm going to put it up here as I expound a little bit on John and and and uh how we type John in the book of Revelation. But we can see here, you can see that very top capstone. It's called grace love because it is the grace of God that you've been called into the love of God. Amen. Praise God. And he said, and when when we read here from this um quote, he said, "The same as he was, we are the same as he was. We were we were from his bosom. We're not a different material. You're not the person that you think you are. The real you is an attribute of God. You're just using this body in the human realm that we're living in. But the real you is actually a part of God. You are a messiah. You are actually a a a son or a daughter of God. And if you are a son or a daughter, then you come from God. Amen. And here we see that we are as he was an attribute of love. And so can you see what we are a part of as the bride? We are God's love to this end time generation. And if they're going to receive God's love, they're going to need to know the spirit that dwelleth in you because it'll quicken their mortal bodies. It'll bring the last one, the last son or daughter of God, wherever they are, they will need to hear this message. Amen. The whole plan of redemption is an expression of his love. In Revelations 1 verse one, it says, "The revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him to show unto his servant, his servants, things which must shortly come to pass. And he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John." You know, when you read that scripture, who was the angel that was sent to John as a type in our day? Amen. Being the bride. Amen. God sent us an angel. God sent us Malachi 4:5. God sent William, Mary, and Branham anointed under the ministry of the seventh church age messenger to bring a word that was going to transform and bring us back to the original faith. Amen. was going to open up all the mysteries of God. Amen. Praise God. And in chapter 4, John is told to come up hither to be shown what must come to pass in the church. And so that is a type in in chapter 4, uh God is calling John right after the seven church ages. And you see the seven church ages here on the on the side. Ephesians, Samia, Pergamus, Titus, Sardis, Philadelphia, Leodysa, and you'll see that there's a gap there. We've passed over that gap. Now, we're in the grace dispensation age. It's the eternal age. It's where the mighty angel himself. It's where Christ himself comes to possess and become flesh again in you to take on bone of your bone, flesh of your flesh to possess you to to to anoint you to to speak this word in human flesh. Amen. Praise God. And so here we see that um when John gets caught up into this uh uh dimension in in Revelation 4, remember he sees he sees this great throne and and and what he sees there he sees uh surrounding the throne four creatures. Yes, sir. And one of them was was the face of a lion. The other was the face of an ox. The other was a face of a man. The other was the face of an eagle. Now, brother Brandham told us that these, he says, now listen to what he says here in the breach. He says, "Now remember the lion and the ox and so forth ahead of a man and so forth and then watching those seraraphims that word while all Mark, Matthew, Luke, and John all stood around the book of Acts." He was telling us that those four creatures represented Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. Amen. And they were they were around the throne. They were they were not guarding the throne. They were they were actually if you look at Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, because brother Brandon makes reference here to the book of Acts. Before you can get to the book of Acts, you've got to go through Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. Amen. And when you look at all four of these apostles, you will see the anointing that was on each and of of these apostles. And I want to draw your attention. The first one was the line of the tribe of Judah. And look, Matthew, what is he? He's he's all about the coming of the king. He brings the lineage of Jesus Christ right in the opening of his scriptures, the tribe of Judah. Gives the genealogy all the way back to Adam. Then look at Mark. It's the the ox anointing. It's all about the lamb of God who takes away the sins of the world. All these anointings. I'm just laying in a foundation here. And then Luke, he had the man anointing. Luke, you see when he starts, oh, great Theophilus, you know, he starts to expound. He has the the the the understanding the of the man age where where we entered into the to the missionary age and it and it opened up and started the reformation of the church. But the one that I want to you to particularly pay attention to is John. Because John, he was the one that represented the eagle. He had an eagle anointing on him. He had a prophetic anointing on him. Amen. And the age that he came that that that that and that the messenger came in our day, William Brandham came under that eagle anointing and dispensation that was given and shown to John. Amen. And so we can see now the bride, she's under that anointing. We represent the eagle anointing. The same anointing that was on John is on the bride. You are going to be able to see things in the word of God that other people will not be able to see. An eagle goes way, way up and when he looks down, he sees a lot more. You've been given eagle vision in this hour to recognize what God is doing in this hour. You've been anointed for this portion of the word of God. And that's what you can't help but see it. You're going to see it. Amen. So these four beasts surrounded the throne of God and they and they and and and what do they guard? Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, the Holy Spirit. Remember, they were they were they were surrounding the throne, which is God. When we talk about the Holy Spirit, we're talking about God. Jesus Christ. God, the one that was on the throne, Jesus Christ. Amen. Who is he? God. Amen. We're not talking keep make sure you you don't get confused. Don't get that trinitarian spirit on you now. Amen. He saw one on the throne. Here he Israel, the Lord thy God is one. You will not listen. The mysteries were being preached. William Brham was preaching these mysteries uh in 1956. The serpent seed mystery. You would not have understood why it is that you can see what you're seeing right now had you not seen the the the the serpent seed mystery of iniquity that had gotten into the church and realized that there's two seeds that are in in the church. And without that mystery being revealed, it was it was all under those seals. But yet they were being revealed for a purpose so that so that you could recognize the time and the season and why you're not serpent seed. Why adultery is destroying families these days. It's not an apple. You understood the godhead. You understood the things of baptism in Jesus name. It made perfect sense when you understood the godhead. Yes, sir. But why is it that 95% of the Christian churches out there are trinitarian and believe in baptism in the name of the father and of the son and of the holy spirit because they haven't received Malachi 4:5. He's the one that turned the hearts of the children back to the original faith of God's word. And without that, you've got no foundation. You're in a state of confusion. You're just a church member. You're just going to church. you're just doing traditions of man. You'll go and nail yourself to the cross thinking that that's going to get you into heaven. You'll go and do a thousand Hail Marys and a and a hundred our fathers thinking that that if you do the rosary every single day that's going to get you into heaven. You don't you you need the foundation of this word. You need to understand the the the very essence of the of the scripture which is the Holy Ghost. And he said, "I will send him unto you. He will guide you into all truth." So without the Holy Ghost, you're going to be in a state of confusion. Amen. Praise God. Now, Revelation Now, when we go to Revelations chapter 5, okay, we're going to move quickly here. In Revelation chapter 5, I'm going to read it and then I'm just going to expound a little bit on it because I'm not going to get into all the depths. When I was when I was doing all of this study, I had to I had so many notes that I was pulling out of everything and I said, "My God, I can't there's no way I can put this all into one message. It's going to be like two or three." So, I'm just going to I I'm just going to stick to my notes here and if you pull God will give you what you need while we're while we're preaching the word of God. Amen. I believe in the in in the power of God to to to speak and to minister to the needs of the people through the five-fold ministry under the anointing. Amen. And I feel his anointing. Now, in Revelations 5, I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside sealed with seven seals. And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, "Who is worthy to open the book and to loose the seals thereof?" Yes. And no man in heaven nor in earth, neither under the earth was able to open the book, neither to look thereon. And I wept much. John was weeping a lot. He was screaming. Why? John, remember, he was the one that got caught up. He was the one that that was was given revelation that that uh that that opened his understanding to what was actually going on. He come to realize that there was that that his name was in that book. He realized what that book was. And that book there's only one way that we would be reconciled and our inheritance would be would be fulfilled was for that book to be open. And he was starting to weep and cry because he saw the book in the in the hand. But he realized he heard nobody worthy in heaven on earth. Nobody was worthy. And it put him into a state of utter uh panic. But here now listen on. And I wept much be because no man was found worthy to open or even to read neither to look onto this book. And one of the elders said unto me, weep not. Behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof. Only the lamb could open the book. Only Jesus Christ could loose those seals. Amen. There was things written inside there that that that were going to be made known. And we know, brother Brandham said that the book contained all the names. Amen. Of those that were the seed of God. And John was was was panicking because wait a minute here, you know, this was the original plan, remember? And when when Adam fell and Eve fell in the garden, Adam had the book, but he lost the book. Brother Bram says that it had to go back to the rightful owner. God didn't want that book. God wanted it to be in the hands of Adam so that he could express his plan of fellowship with his seed. So John was caught up to see all of this and he knew that that that this book had to be open and there was only one that could open the book. Now read on. He says here and I beheld and lo in the midst of the throne and of the four beasts and in the midst of the elders stood a lamb as as it had been slain. And we know that that is Jesus Christ because who is the lamb of God that was slain from before the foundations of the world? It was Jesus Christ. Remember this was all in the mind of God. What we have been been uh fulfilling is is the the the literal book the inheritance of the book the story of your life my life Moses's life Abraham's life all the seed genes of God from from Genesis all the way to the revelation right into the millennium. It's been all about the the the plan and the love story of God. Amen. And so the lamb having seven heads uh horns and seven eyes which are the seven spirits of God sent forth into all the earth. And he came and he took the book out of the right hand of him that sat on the throne. Now how does how does somebody go and take a book right out of the hand of God? Amen. You need to understand that was Jesus Christ changing his his position his his uh he he he was he was playing the next part. He was coming to he was reconciling the world to himself. It was God himself that went and took that book and went to the cross. It was the lamb of God. It was not somebody else. It was God himself. He was just going from the self-existent one that sat upon the throne into the office of the lamb because he had to leave the throne because he needed to come and get you, get me, redeem and call the inheritance that was written within the book. So only the lamb which is Jesus Christ can loose the seals. And in chapter 6, John is showed by vision all the mysteries that were sealed under each of those first six seals. Six and seven. Chapters six and seven. And in Revelations chapter 8, when the seventh seal is open, all we hear is that there was a half hour of silence in heaven. So all the sounds stopped. All the all the rejoicing stopped. all the because they were rejoicing that the lamb had taken the book. But then all of a sudden when the seventh seal was open, John said there was silence for half an hour. Why? Because the lamb had left the throne. The lamb had come down to the earth. And the next time we see the lamb is in Revelations 10 1-7. And now not only does he have the book in his hand, but he's got an open book. He's got a book that's been open and he was the only one that could open the book. Amen. And God had a scripture that needed to be fulfilled. And this is where we come in. This is where the the the the love dispensation comes in. When the head came to meet with the body, it was grace. It was love that was coming down. It was the mighty angel himself, the head coming to meet with the body. Amen. Praise God. So there was a half an hour of silence and it's not until Revelations 10:1-7 that the mighty angel now appears and and it's an earthly angel that has to meet him to receive the message to re to to to preach those seals. And who was that earthly angel? William Branham. Glory to God. and and and in 1963, March of 1963, he preaches the opening of those seven seals. And it was the most supernatural time the prophet said, if there's ever been a time and he was the angel just like John who would get caught up one day at a time and he would see, literally see the vision of each one of those seals when they were open. He was given the mysteries to understand what was under those seals. And John is a type of the church. So you can expect to recognize what was under those seals. You can you you can be under expectation that you're going to receive the same revelation that John received and you're going to one day hear the same thing that John heard which was come up hither. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. So here we go. Now the prophet preaches the opening of those seals. He says the book, the Bible has become a completely new Bible. Why? Because it's a dispensational change. We're no longer under the seven church ages anymore. We're under an eternal age. We should know. this church should know more than anybody else because we had we had a minister our pas our former pastor who was one of those that caught the revelation like John. We had a John Hallelujah that caught the same revelation that John had that was one of the front runners of the dispensational changes preaching messages right in the beginning. Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? Listen, I'll tell you something. You need to receive the Holy Ghost in this hour. There's a dispensational change. And if you go back to Joshua chapter 5, you will see that the children of Israel, they had to be re they had to be circumcised because the ones that had come through the 40-year wilderness, they had all died and in their unbelief. But the ones that were going to cross over had to be recircumcised. And you will see, read it in there. I'm not going to go back and read it, but you go read Joshua chapter 5. Right in the beginning, he says they need to bear the reproach. They they they need to be the the the reproach needs to be lifted off of them. They need to receive the spirit of God in order to cross into this promised land. Because this promised land, it's not for everybody. It's for the attribute sons and daughters of God that are called under this dispensation of love. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. And we thank God for that prophetic ministry. Oh my. Praise God. The prophet though is no longer on the scene. But the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead, he's still on the scene. He's still with us here this morning. Amen. He's still right here present. And the sons and daughters of God are still out there. and they need eagle food. They need to come under that eagle anointing. And there's some out there that are still waiting on the bridegroom's call. Amen. Listen to this. Go to the next slide here. In the me in the in the message of Shane uh uh William Brandham says, "Dear God, we see the h the handwriting on the wall. Lord, we're at the end time. We know that there is great things laying ahead. Oh, glory. There's a rapture laying ahead. saints. But yet somewhere somewhere out in this mess out here is still an honest people that's been ordained to life. It would be impossible for one man or two men but God. All of us together. God, all of us together, the body of Christ. Let us spread in every corner we can the good news that Jesus is coming. and see just spread a little bread along a little word. Next slide. He says, "Wherever the eagles are, they'll follow that food." What food? This food. Yes, sir. Whether it comes by a tape, hallelujah. Or whether it comes by a word or a testimony. I don't know. But you got a testimony of what God has done for you. Then that testimony is anointed. If you are an attribute of God, glory to God, he says, "Eags will follow it to its headquarters." Right back to the word. She will not go back to a doctrine teaching. No sir. He says, "Where the carcass is, there the eagles will gather." Dear Jesus, we know that thou art the carcass that we eat. Yes, sir. Thou art the word. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. We pray God that as we scatter the word that the true eagles will find it. Are there some eagles out there? Are there some eagles out there anointed with a prophetic spirit upon their lives to recognize what God is doing in our day? Amen. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Listen here. We're winding this. We're we're going to we're getting there. Hallelujah. So, let's now now we're going to go to St. John chapter 13. And I want you to keep in mind here because we're looking at John here. Remember, it's John that caught all of this. It's it's it's John. It's the eagle anointing that's upon you in this hour. You are a type of John. You're the you're you're the one that Jesus loves. God, listen, he's got a church that he loves. He says if if if you're a part of God, then then then God is love. And if you are a part of God, then you are love. You become God's love, God's expression, God's witness, God's identification in this hour. Amen. And so, let's go to our next slide, which is St. John 13:es 21-23. Now, remember, bear in mind, John is the one that represents and types the bride. He's a type of the church, the end time bride. Amen. As we look at these scriptures, I want you to notice how it pertains to John. And remember, it pertains in the same way to you. So when Jesus had thus said, he was troubled in spirit and testified and said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me." Then the disciples looked one on another, doubting of whom he spake. Now there was leaning on Jesus his on Jesus bosom one of his disciples whom Jesus loved. Pay attention. Next slide. Simon Peter therefore beckoned to him to John that he should ask who it should be of whom he spake. He then lying on Jesus' breast saith unto him, Lord, who is it? John asking Jesus, he's lying on his breast. Can you imagine? Here's God on earth. And John was there just, you know, leaning on Jesus' breast and he just looks up. He says, "Lord, who are you talking about?" And Jesus right away says, "He it is to whom I shall give sap when I have dipped it." And when he had dipped the soap, he gave it to Judas Escarias, the son of Simon. Now, here we are reading from the book of John. John is the one that receives the secret, the revelation of who the antichrist that was right there in the midst of the church. Amen. And you as the as the called out sons and daughters of God under that same eagle anointing, having recognized the prophet of Malachi 4:5 and that you now have Elisha's mantle upon you, the prophet went off the scene, but the spirit like Elisha and Elijah, you now have a double portion of that eagle anointing, that prophetic ministry all over your life. And you now are the one that Jesus is revealing his secrets to. You're the one that's catching the revelation of who the Antichrist is. And we know that by the prophet's messages and you go back and study them, you will see that he exposes exactly what the mark of the beast is, who the antichrist spirit is, how it's going to rise up in these last days, how it's already moving into its full authority and power. Amen. But we just we we we just we're not going to get into all that right now. We're just going to finish up here the thought that the Lord has laid upon upon my heart. Amen. So Peter, Peter was there with with Jesus, but Peter, he represented more faith. But John, he was the one that Jesus loved. He was the one that would get the secrets of Jesus. He would be the one that would uh that that the Lord would speak to, that would unveil himself to, that would give him the mysteries of what exactly. Because if you read all of John's writings, you'll see that he receives a lot more revelation than the rest of those that were the disciples amongst him. And so he was showing them the antichrist. The bride in this hour gets a complete understanding of that. Amen. The antichrist was right in the church. But John, a type of the bride, is given the revelation of him. But the others didn't know. They probably saw Judas get up and leave and figure, oh, he's just going off to do something. You know, he's he handles the money, so he must be going to make a, you know, something, do something. But they didn't recognize because it was only John that had that close love relationship with the Lord Jesus. God has a church in this hour that he's in love with and they are in love with him. And because of that love relationship, he's he's unveiling himself. This is love. This is real love. When you can when you can enter into the Holy Spirit in prayer and then he comes and he reveals his thoughts to you, unveils his secrets and his mysteries to you. Amen. You are the one that he loves because John because Jesus loved John. He got the secrets. John gets the name of the antichrist. He's listen then look if you go into John 12 he gets the he he expounds the very name then saith one of his disciples in John 12:4 Judas Escariat Simon's son which should betray him John actually knew who what his name was you go back and read the other gospels you won't see that it's in John's gospels where he receives the revelation of the secrets of the things that God is going to do in the end time. Amen. Glory to God. Why? Because he had an eagle prophetic anointing and was given the revelation. Amen. Glory to God. This is a special relationship. You're the one he loves. If you're seeing what you're what what we're ministering here this morning and today, it's because you're one of his loved ones. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Can you see it? Can you identify yourself with John? Let's go here. Let's read on here. Next quote. In Christ, the mystery of God revealed. Listen what he says. But God's great mystery. What the eternal God had as a mystery has now been unfolded in Jesus Christ. Then given down to who? The church. It's being unfolded. The great mystery of God has always been God becoming flesh. Right? That's the great mystery. Yes. He wants to become flesh in you. He wants you to know though. That's why he said on that day ye shall know. People will read that scripture but they don't know but you shall know. Amen. He says it come right down to his church. What was once in God's mind is now in the body of Christ. And who is the body of Christ? The church. the church of the end time. Amen. Jesus making love to the church, his bride whispering secrets to her. Amen. He says, "You know, you know how you tell your wife things? You know the little girl you're going to marry, you love her so much, you just tell her secrets and get her get her up next to you and love you and everything." You know how it is. That's what God Christ is doing to the church. He's letting her know the secrets. Just the secrets. Not these flurers, not these ones that are out there. They claim Christianity. You ask them about baptism and they they say, "I was baptized as a baby. I don't need to be rebaptized." You know, and they'll tell you, "Oh, Jesus Christ is there's three in one." There's no revelation of who God actually is. Amen. because he has not revealed himself to them personally. I mean his wife. That's who he's talking about. See? All right. Now look. No. By having the revelation of his secret made known to them by his grace. How? The grace of God. Glory to God. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. So, the bride is the one that receives the opening of those seals. The bride is the one that receives all the secrets. The mysteries are revealed to her because he loves her because he's his choice. She's a part of him. He could not go anywhere else. He has to go to those whose names were written in that book. That book is now open and it's being declared and the names are being called. Amen. Praise God. That's another message all in itself. John was the youngest. He was the one who lived the longest. He was the one who saw the beginning to the end. And you have been given the mind of God, the mind of Christ, to go right back into the mind of God from before the foundations of the world to see all that God had in his mind. Lord, we preach it all the time. In the beginning was the word, and the word was with God, and the word was God. Amen. Glory to God. And God allows you to see the beginning to the end. A type of John. Glory to God. Here we go. Next scripture. We're winding her. The first day of the week cometh Mary Magdalene early when it was yet dark unto the suppler, and seeth the stone taken away from the supplr. Then she runth and cometh to Simon Peter and to the other disciples whom Jesus and to the other disciple whom Jesus loved. There it is again. Who was that other disciple that was always with Peter? John. And saith unto them, they have taken away the Lord out of the supplr and we know not where they have laid him. Peter therefore went forth and that other disciple. It's amazing how it sits there and you know like we've never seen it really before like this and came to the supplr. Go to the next slide. So they ran both together and the other disciple John did outrun Peter and came first to the suppler. You see listen when when when you catch a revelation of this word you you want to you want to you're you're just zealous. You're like a house on fire. You know, you know God is up to something, man. I can't wait to get there. I just can't wait to get to see what to see what the Lord told me. He told me what was going to happen. He told me he was going to rise again. He told me he was going to come for me. Oh yes, she he had a revelation. He was zealous. He ran there first. And he stooping down and looking in saw the linen clothes lying. Yet went he not in. Then cometh Simon Peter following him, and went into the supplr, and seeth the linen clothes lie, and the napkin that was about his head, not lying with the linen clothes, but wrapped together in a place by itself. And then he went in also that other disciple, there's John again. He went back in now, which came first to the suppler, and he saw, and he believed. Hallelujah. For as yet they knew not the scripture that he must rise again from the dead. The others that had that that had come that had seen. They didn't understand the scripture. It wasn't open to them that he's risen. But John, he believed. Why did he believe? Because it was revealed to him. Because he had a revelation of the resurrection. He knew that he was now resurrected in Christ. He knew that this was this was a reality that God's word had come to pass. Amen. Glory to God. So here now he says uh um in in uh Revelation, let's go to the next slide. We're going to read a couple of scriptures. Now we're going to go back to Revelations chapter 4 and we're going to close here. After this, I looked and behold, a door was opened in heaven. And the first voice which I heard was as it were a trumpet talking with me, which said, "Come up hither." And we know that this is a type of the bride being called into the rapture. And I will show thee things what's which must be hereafter. And immediately I was in the spirit. And behold, a throne was set in heaven. And how many sat on the throne? One. Glory to God. Amen. Praise God. Now next slide in in uh Revelation uh chapter 4 he says and there was a living creature what John represented the entire church was taken up. I told you one person here in a vision can represent the entire body of Jesus Christ. Who does John type? The bride. Who got caught up after the seven church ages and went into a rapture? The bride. Amen. Because why? Because she's the one that he loves. Next quote. He goes on and oh, and notice John being take up immediately after the church age was a type of the raptured church. Immediately after the church age is over, this Leodysian age, then comes the rapture. The church goes up like John did into the presence of God. Amen. And the next slide says, he and his church has gone to glory. John there on the aisle of Patmos, a revelator to the church, has been a type of the church which is lifted up into glory. Let the musicians come. Come up hither showing you say he represented the church. To everyone that hears this word, this message, John represents him. John represents you. John represents you. You're the one that that's going to get called in the rapture that's going to receive that body change that's going to receive the word that says come up hither. John was a representation of the blood of Jesus Christ, a testimony of the word. He was a witness of the baptism of the Holy Ghost with a p personal fellowship with Christ. And he represented the entire church. What hour are we living in, saints? Here we have an end time message that has turned our hearts back to the word that has given us a revelation of the mighty angel who has come down to possess and to call and to make claim. He paid the price. The lamb took the book. He was a bleeding lamb. Why was he a bleeding lamb? Because he had made the sacrifice. He had already given and made the sacrifice. Now he has a right to take that book. And within that book is the names of every one of the sons and daughters of God that are going to be called in this last day. And he had a right to take that book. And my God, we could move on here and continue on, but when when when in Revelations 10 verse 8 to 11, the angel tells John to go and take the open book. He says, "You now go and take the book out of the hand of the Lord Jesus." How can you take anything from the Lord Jesus? is because you are a part of the Lord Jesus. You are his wife. You are the one that's that has the same the the same authority as Listen, when a husband and a wife get married and they go to the altar and they sign the marriage certificate, the husband and the wife become equal. She takes his name. She has the authority to use his name. She has the right to use his name. She's got the same authority that he has. Amen. And that's what the bride of Jesus Christ has. She has the same authority to take the book and to eat the book and then she's going to prophesy what's in the book. She's not going to say something different. Remember everything that was in that book, Brother Bram says, was all the names of the sons and daughters of God. And so what is the prophecy? What is it that we prophesy? We're prophesying and we're speaking the word that pertains to this day that's being fulfilled in our day. And if your name is written in that book, then you are going to hear that word. You're going to recognize that that's your name being called to come and actually fulfill the portion of the word that was ordained for this day and for this hour. You can't help it. It's your name being called. And by you recognizing your name, it's giving you the faith to live this word. To recognize what God is doing in this hour. It shows that your name's in there. When you can identify with it, you can say, "My name's in the book." Amen. Because I hear what's being spoken. I hear what's being preached. I am resurrected. I'm already in Christ Jesus. I am his flesh. I am his body. I am I am filled with his blood which is the spirit of God. And whatever listen the Bible says in Revelations 21 I believe it is the spirit and the bride say come. That is the bride prophesying again. That's her with this message, with the spirit of God upon her, speaking the word, calling the resurrection, calling sons and daughters of God out of their tradition, calling them out of their bondage, calling them out of their mental illness, calling them out of their condition of poverty, poverty spirit, you know, uh, defeated spirits. He says, "Come up hither. Amen. You don't have to stay in that condition anymore. Let's sing that song. If the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead, hallelujah. Praise our God forever more. If the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you. Let's all stand. Dwell in you. Oh, it's the same spirit that is [Music] my Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Oh, burn. Holy Spirit burning me. Oh my Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] everything that Jesus Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. I'm going to move on out to another [Music] dimension. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Amen. Praise God. You got the proof of the resurrection in you now. Praise God. Go out and live it. Go out and testify. Go out and let the people know what God is doing in this day and in this hour. Amen. Those that are ordained to hear it, they can't miss it because the eagle anointing is upon their lives. It's upon that attribute. It's the age that we're in. It's it's And listen, remember, love them. Let it be with love. You could prophesy. You could do all kinds of things, but if it's not done with with charity, which is his love, it it it it profits nothing. You can't make somebody what they're not. Remember that. If you're an eagle, you were always an eagle. If you're a son or a daughter of God, your name was written in the Lamb's Book of Life when before. So, don't be trying to drive this down somebody's throat. But when somebody wants to keep going with you back and forth and they're willing to reason and they're willing to, you know, uh, discuss the scriptures and go back and forth with let that's God dealing with their lives. That's God causing something to stir up on the inside for that seed for all the tradition and all the the the generational things and all the the the the teachings of men and uh that's been put upon their lives. Just share the gospel with them with the love of God. Hallelujah. Let them know that God's love is going to override their mistakes. Usually, you'll find, listen, go back and look at your own experience. God came to you when you were at the bottom. You were at a point of no return. You didn't know. I know there's a lot of young people that were born and brought up into this message, but you're going to have to receive the same birth that every one of us received. So, don't look just because you didn't have a a really negative experience or something like that. There's something that has to awaken inside of you. It's not going to be based on an experience of negativity. But, but most of us, we come to a place, even if it's just within ourselves, to say, "I don't even know who I am. I don't understand why I'm here. I don't understand why I've come to this earth. What's my purpose for being here? Why is it that people are rejoicing and I and I feel miserable? I feel uh oppressed. I'm not happy. I'm not satisfied. That that was me 30 years ago. And I had to use drugs in order to satisfy the thirst that was in me to be satisfied. And every son and daughter of God needs to be satisfied. And there's only one thing that's going to satisfy that attribute of God, and that's him. Glory to God. So just go out, love your families, love your friends, be with them, share with them the gospel, pray with them. I had a friend of mine that was driving by here yesterday, you know, just he was driving. He saw my truck in the in the in the parking lot while I was here studying. He he he he texts me. He said, "Hey, I'm outside." I said, "Hey, come on in." You know, actually, he he text me as he was going by. He says, "Hey, can I pick you up something?" I said, "Yeah, actually, can you pick me up a biscuit?" You know, I was kind of hungry. He picked it up. He came back here. We sat down. We chatted for a while. And I noticed the way he was walking. He was walking a little funny. I said, "What's what's up?" He says, "Oh, I got a problem with my back." I said, "Can I pray for you?" Well, yeah. I said, "Sit down. Let's pray." He didn't experience that before. But let's see what the Lord is going to do. I don't have to tell him tell I just just just be who you are. Let God's love be expressed in in who you are. Be yourself. Don't put on nothing. Amen. Glory to God. Praise God. Let's pray. Father, we just so appreciate you, Lord, that you're you're you're just amongst common people, Lord. And it's just the grace of God that we can say, "Lord, thank you. We love you." And we know why. It's because you first loved us. No other explanation. Father, you came to me. I wasn't looking for you. You came to me. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, it's it's just beyond human understanding. This love, it is beyond human understanding. Father, Lord, we're just asking you that Lord, you know every heart, every need, every life, Lord, those that are even out on on the uh YouTube that have listened into this message, Father, I pray for them, Lord. I pray that you will meet them, that somehow your love and your anointing will sweep over their lives and and change will take place. Lord, they will know that there is a God, that there is a living God that's resurrected. That's what Easter was all about. That you would come back and touch your people. Oh God, you so love the world that you gave yourself. Father, Lord, we love you. We thank you. We praise you. Lord, remember the upcoming services this Wednesday, Lord, next Sunday, Lord, all the services that are that are coming up. Father, may you just uh come on the scene, Lord, and let the same spirit just continue to move in our midst. Oh God, you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. Protect us, watch over us, and guide us. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, just so you know, um for the next month, I will not be ministering services because I will be um still transitioning with the business. You got to understand, I couldn't just walk away. It's a multi-million dollar business. I could not just walk away um and just place it into, you know, somebody else's hands. So, there's a transition that's happening and I I'm asking for your prayer that you'll pray for me through this next four weeks. You're in good hands. You've got you've got good uh capable brothers that are going to minister the word of God. Our former pastor is going to take a couple of the services. You're going to be blessed. Amen. And if I can be here on those Sundays, I will. I'm I'm you'll probably see me, but I just won't have the energy that I want to give to preparing and and and setting myself aside to, you know, to put uh, you know, and and consecrate and get from the Lord what what you all have need of. But I know that you're in capable hands. And I know that God will provide. And I know that we're all going to get blessed. Amen. Praise God. Because it's him we feed on. He's the one that we feed on. Praise God. So, God bless you. Have a wonderful Sunday. Go and fellowship and have your beautiful Easter meals with your beautiful families. Love them. Appreciate them. Let them know about what the what God's love has done for them. Amen. God bless you. I'm going to hand it over to you, Brother Anthony. [Music] Praise God. Let's give God an applause. Amen. So just a reminder that next Sunday you have a general meeting. So it's for the tight paying members. So after the service you're all going to go out and have a little refreshment and then after like 10 15 minutes all the tight payment people are required to come back to have a general meeting of the church. That's all we have for the announcement for today. May God bless you. Have a wonderful Easter. Hallelujah. I love you, Lord. For your faith. All my days have been held in. From the moment I'm awake until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been [Music] so I will sing. I will sing of the good. I love your voice. You have me in the darkest [Music] night. I know you as a [Music] fly for you. I have live or I have [Music] live all my life. All my life you have [Music] been my Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I [Music] see. This is [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Your word is not enough to me. Is not enough to me. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are dismissed this morning. Amen. From glory to glory is change. Sh. [Applause] [Music] Glory to [Music] God. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] He abides. He abides. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, heat, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] down at the [Music] cross. My heart Yeah. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Oh, [Music] heat, heat. Yeah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
