################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - Understanding Your Existence - Part 3 (Under Authority - Part 4) - Pastor Danny Mazzilli - Danny Mazzilli.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-06
Title:   Understanding Your Existence - Part 3 (Under Authority - Part 4) - Pastor Danny Mazzilli
Speaker: Danny Mazzilli
Church:  Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1OfgK44LlU
========================================

Description:
Pastor Danny Mazzilli
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] My savior Lord is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of [Music] my shues. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Forever I [Music] take the pro. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] You're my [Music] shelter. My sh [Music] [Applause] Oh, [Music] heat, [Music] heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I sing [Applause] [Music] forever you compares to the pro. Nothing compares to the cross. Nothing compares. Nothing compares to nothing compares. Nothing compares to [Applause] Hallelujah. Nothing compares. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise you, Lord Jesus. Exodus 15:11 says, "Who is like unto thee, oh Lord, among the gods? Who's like unto thee? Glorious and holiness, fearful in praises. There's none like our God." Amen. He put up this song for me. Your God alone. Hallelujah. Welcome into his house. Amen. Welcome all our visitors this morning. We're here to worship him, man. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise be to God. Thank you. You are God alone. Before time begin, you are on your throne. You are gone. And right now in the good times and bad, you are on control. You are God alone. [Music] [Applause] [Music] You are not a god. [Music] You are not a god. You are not a god. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] time. You are You are [Music] You are all You are God alone. [Music] You're the only God who power. [Music] You're the only God who praise will never end. You're the only God who's worthy of anything. [Music] It's just the way things you are before time. You are all You are all my [Music] You are all You are God. [Music] this morning. [Music] That's what you are. Unstoppable. Unchangeable. Unchangeable. Unshakeable. Unsable. One more time. Unchangeable. Unchangeable. [Music] Unstoppable. That's what you are. You are God. And before the time begin, you are on your throne. You are gone alone. [Applause] And right now in the good times and bad you are on control. You are God alone. Hallelujah. And there is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I search for eternity. Can you find a sing? Oh, lift your hands to him this morning. Oh, there is none like you. Let's lift our hands this morning. Oh, no. [Music] Yeah. I search for eternity. I find there is like there is none like you. There is no [Music] one else can touch. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I can search. I can search for eternity. I find one more time. There's none like you. There's none like you. Oh, there is like [Music] [Applause] no touch. [Music] I can search for eternity and find. [Music] Oh, how many believe that this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Want to try a little song we learned this morning. It just uh was a blessing to me this week. And uh it's a simple little song. It's an E flat. It's me E flat. Hallelujah. We have to worship him this morning. Amen. It sings this way. Glorious God. Wonderful God. Miracle worker came of me. [Music] I worship you. [Music] Sing with me. Glorious. Glorious. You wonderful. Is he wonderful? Oh, hallelujah. King of kings. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, wonderful. Wonderful. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] One more time. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand this morning. Open your heart for him this morning. He's here. Hallelujah. He's here because of you. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Father, thank you. What a blessed people we are. Thank you. If has not been for you, Lord, where will we be? Where will we stand this morning? Father, thank you that we are part of the par. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Lord, there's no words to thank you for giving us such opportunity to be here this morning to lift up our voices, our heart, our mind, and our soul to worship you, Lord. Father, many are called, but a few are chosen this morning. Father, would you be among us this morning to receive thy glory from your people? Hallelujah. That you have set aside for yourself. Father, anything that be a distraction for this service, we cast it out. Father, we invite your spirit to fill the entire building and run everywhere. Lord, we believe everyone that came in will not go back the same way that they came in. Lord, you meet every need because you said, "I am the Lord God who heal all that sickness. I am the Lord God who provide all your needs." Hallelujah. Lord, we said we should trust on you and obey. Father, this is what we are here for. We are here to worship thee. Remember our pastor this morning. Give him extra strength that we need this morning. Give him couragement. Hallelujah. As you give Moses to lead the people, Lord God, this morning you have given us a shepherd to lead us. Father, we believe you have something special for us. Open every heart to receive this morning. Father, bless the song leader, bless the hearer, press bless the singers, press bless the musicians. Father, let us worship you like never before. Hallelujah. Come and receive that glory. Father, we appreciate you. Heal the sick among us. Those who are home, Lord, those who are watching on the line, open their heart to receive their portion. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord because your word is forever never change. You're unchangeable God. But father bless the offering this morning each and everyone bringing whatever you have given to us to bring to your house of worship. Open the windows of heaven and bless your children. Oh God take every memory heart from them while they are giving. Let them give them open heart so that Lord they can receive their blessings Lord. Father we thank you. Come among us. Worship with us Lord. We welcome you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen and amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's turn around and greet someone this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Could you put up for me? Uh Elijah God is here. He's here. Elijah God is here. He's here. Amen. Hallelujah. You believe that? He's here this morning. Hallelujah. [Music] He's here. Elijah God is with us today. He's here to do what he say. Oh, [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] heat, heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Yeah. Heat. Heat [Music] up here. [Music] [Applause] Heat up [Music] here. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat up here. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] My God is here. Hallelujah. I already believe that. Hallelujah. You may be seated this morning. Amen. You love him this morning. Amen. Amen. Let's sing the original life this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. God's attributes were manifested in his bright [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat [Music] [Music] up [Music] here. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, heat, [Music] heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Amen. Glory. Hallelujah. Amen. Can't feel at home anymore. Not in this dimension. Praise God. God bless you, saints. Thank you very much. Just a quick announcement that um our washrooms in the basement are currently out of order. So, if you do need to go to the bathroom, we have two bathrooms right up upstairs here just outside in the front foyer. Okay, be patient if you have to wait. Um, but the the bathrooms in the basement are completely out of order for the time being. Amen. Praise God. You may be seated for a moment. I'm just going to um make some comments. Praise the Lord. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. I want to welcome everybody here. Amen. including the Reed family. Praise God. We've got Sister Francine. God bless you, Sister Francine. And who is this? Is this your daughter? No. Patricia. Sister Patricia. And then that's your daughter, Sister Danielle. Danielle. Danielle. Praise God. How could I forget that? Monique. Monnique. Welcome. Welcome all the way from Jamaica. our brother uh pastor Reed who's a very fine son of God. Amen. Brother in the Lord. Um we visited with them and uh we've we certainly had a wonderful time when we visited uh the spirit of the Lord just moving wonderfully in that ministry. We thank God for him. You send us send our greetings to him in the name of the Lord and uh we look forward to seeing him sometime soon. Praise God. Hallelujah. And I welcome anybody else that's uh here that's visiting with us. Um just raise your hand if you're a visitor this morning. Uh praise God. Welcome. Welcome everybody into the house of the Lord. Amen. So today um after the service, we're going to be having a celebration for our Sunday school. Um it's the end of the year. We want to show appreciation to our Sunday school children. There's going to be some wonderful activities. We want to appreciate our Sunday school teachers. Let's give them a round of applause right now. And of course, Sister Jennifer, who has been the Sunday school superintendent, leading and directing our Sunday school, doing a a magnificent job. We thank the Lord for you, Sister Jennifer. Amen. [Applause] And so, um, they will be having some activities after. Also, as you know, we will be um uh removing all of the pews today after the service. We've removed some. Yesterday, the brothers were here. It was very efficient. And we ask that if you're available and you can help, it won't take long. It could be if depends on the number of people, you know, it could be three hours, uh you know, but if your children in the Sunday school, you can help out just to carry a few of the pieces because we're storing everything in the in the trailer. storage unit that we have here. And so we would appreciate your help making many light work. Amen. Praise God. And so we thank God for that. Be patient. The air conditioning, I know it's been a bit of a challenge, but there's been many parts. It's a it's an older system, but by God's grace, it's still a very good system, and we are replacing the parts that uh that are necessary to be replaced, but it takes time to get these parts. We've got now parts coming in hopefully by mid to the end of this week when our new chairs are going to be arriving. Tomorrow they're going to be steam cleaning professionally all of the carpets so that we'll have a nice fresh scent in the house of the Lord. Amen. Uh on top of his wonderful uh sweet savor of his presence as he's with us here at each and every service. Amen. Praise God. So, we're doing things. We appreciate everyone that's supporting, that's being there. Uh, Sister Sheila called me yesterday, Sister Sheila Elanga, and you know, she says, "Brother, I received the email about, you know, um being uh looking for helpers for the house of the Lord." She says, "We want to do something. We want to help. We know that the people are going to be there on next Saturday, July the 12th." She says she wants to buy food for all the workers. Her and her husband Patrick are going to contribute so that you will be fed. So if you come, you're going to receive food. Amen. So the Lord has a way of blessing each and everyone when they recognize that there's something that they can do and they do it. Praise God. They do it and they get their blessing in whatever capacity. Amen. If you can't send, give. If you can't, you know, be there, then give towards it to make the work easier for those that are available to do it. And we're not looking at anybody differently or anything else. Everybody has their part in the body of Christ. We want you to recognize it and we want you to receive your blessing in whatever capacity that the Lord wants to bless you. Amen. Praise God. And so, um, thank you to everybody that's, uh, that's that's participating. I want to let you know that uh Friday um I attended the Oakville in in Oakville Italian Invitational Golf Tournament which you know um has been uh something that we've been a part of now for many years but in particular over the last five or six years they've decided to make us Good Neighbor Ministries youth ministry a part of their fundraising. and they have uh generously given towards our young people's ministry. I was there on Friday. I was able to pray the opening prayer for the dinner and then they asked me to come up and say a few words about our youth camp and our youth ministry and how the young people and I talked to them about how the young people is our future generation and how the Lord um is still interceding in the lives of young people. Amen. And that the Lord moves in mysterious ways and you just never know when he's going to intercede. And so I let them know that they by giving whatever little part they may give, they are contributing to a life that uh would potentially have the ability to serve the Lord Jesus and have their lives transformed by the word of God. Amen. So we want to thank God. We are um again going to be receiving a wonderful $10,000 uh donation towards our young people's ministry which has allowed us not to just run our camp. Amen. Praise God. You know, uh to make our camp completely free to those that want to attend and we provide anything that we can possibly provide to make it work. Nobody is excluded. You can invite your friends from school. You can invite anybody. You know, somebody that has a need of God in their lives, invite them. Let them come out and hear the word of God because the word is what sets the captives free. Amen. Praise God. So, thank you very much um to the Oakville Italian Invitational, to um John Paladino, John Kusi, and Carmen Bonfilio, who are the organizers of this event. It's run for almost 50 years, and they've they've raised hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars, even maybe over a million dollars, and have given to some very worthy causes. Amen. They're giving this year to brain cancer research. Um, another uh place where young people also benefit children's, you know. So, they're they're they're they're looking for unique opportunities and I thank God that he's chosen our ministry to be a unique opportunity. May God bless them, continue to pray for them, and may the Lord pour out a blessing upon them that they won't even be able to contain. Amen. Praise God. So, upcoming young people's ministry, July 19th to the 20th at Grace Tabernacle. We want to remind our young people if you can be there, go. Amen. Be there. Be blessed. Receive the word of God from Pastor Aleister Francis. He's a wonderful minister of the word of God. I believe he'll have the Lord will have something really a as a tremendous blessing to the young people. Amen. So, if you can make it, you definitely want to be there. We want to remember Sister Michelle and Sister Meline. They'll be traveling. I believe they're leaving this week to go to Norway. Is it Norway they're going? Yes. They're going to be uh attending some youth ministry out that way. And uh may the Lord watch over them and protect them. Keep them in your prayers that the Lord will meet them exactly and meet their needs exactly what he has for them there. Sometimes we got to go to the different sides of the world to find what God has for us. Whatever it is, there's no distance with the Lord. Amen. Praise God. And so, let's just go to prayer now. Let's all stand. We're going to go to the word of God. Father, we so appreciate this wonderful ministry that you have placed here at Good Neighbor Ministries and all the saints that have gathered here today that are gathering online that Lord have recognized the word for their day and the hour that you are now making yourself known. Lord, I can't bring anything different. There's nothing new under the sun, but all I can do is surrender this vessel to your service and for your use and for your glory. And Lord, we ask that you would your spirit would just anoint the people to hear the word of God and that they might receive the the portion that they have need of to meet the challenges of their day, Lord, and the the things that they're dealing with personally, Lord. That's one thing about you that that's so great, Lord. you you can discern personally every life and every situation. And that's what makes you so great. That's what that's what called us, each and every one of us, Lord. That's why we're here this morning, because it's a reality, Lord. We don't come as tradition. We come to feed upon you. You are the word. You are the messenger. You are the angel to the church. We are your mouthpiece. We are your hearers. We are your body. May you take control now. Father, bless your people. Remember Meline and and Michelle as they travel. Lord, protect them, watch over them, guide them. Any of the saints that are going on vacation wherever they may go, Lord. Protect and watch over. Meet every need. Lord, bring them safely home back to the fold into the household of faith. We pray Lord as we commit this day and this service now into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. Let's go to the scripture. We are continuing. I don't know how long this is going to go, saints. We're just going to have to see what the Lord is going to reveal as we minister the word of God and as you come with expectation in your hearts. If you expect, you will receive. It's as simple as that. We believe in the supernatural. We're looking at understanding our existence. And today is part three actually because part two was on Wednesday night. We did a little quick overview on the dimensions and the seven dimensions. Today we're going to be going a little deeper into them and how they pertain to our existence, how they pertain and affect our existence. Because if you can't understand how this dimension works, then you're going to be tossed about to and fro by the enemy. Let's read our first scripture. It's a scripture that we read last week, but just a little shorter version for from Colossians 1:1 16. It says, "For by him were all things created that are in heaven and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers. All things were created by him and for him. And he is before all things, and by him all things consist. And he is the head of the body, the church, who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence. Amen. The Lord add his blessings to the word. You may be seated. I need a little more monitor. Little more monitor. Amen. Praise God. Glory to God. And so I just want to ask um are they prepared to play the YouTube video that we played on Wednesday night? Okay. On Wednesday night, we looked at uh you can go to the next slide. We looked at um the the the the seven dimensions. And it's so important for us to understand these dimensions and why it's important for us to understand them because it affects directly who you are, why you've been called, what it is that you're um called to actually manifest in the hour that you're in. the challenges that you have to face and overcome while you are in your position as a son or daughter of God. And there's, you know, uh just a little bit too much highs. Um and and without this understanding of these dimensions, you will not have a clear understanding of your existence and your purpose and what it is and how it is that you're going to produce the rapture. Because this is the message of this hour. It produces the rapture of the church. And the rapture is interdimensional change dimensions. A lot of people, you know, they have they have a a concept of heaven and hell and they place it, you know, as a heaven that's way way above us and a hell that's way way way below us. But no, heaven is a dimension where God exists. But within that realm of seven dimensions, there's other dimensions. There's the there's the dimension of of uh the the the fifth dimension which is the region of the lost. And then within those seven is the six which is the re region of the redeemed. And in God in the beginning when he created all things, these dimensions did not exist. They didn't actually exist at that time because dimensions were created for existence, for something to exist in that dimension. So in other words, when God created angels, they were not in a fallen condition when they first were created. But then when Lucifer deceived them and caused them to fall, they were fallen angels. They could not they could no longer exist in the realm where where there was the redee where where there was nonfallen angels that ones that that were under the leadership of the Holy Spirit under the leadership of God himself. So God then created that dimension for the lost angels for those that repented not those that those that rebelled against the word of God. Okay. So anyways, we're going to be looking at this more in depth and I trust that you will you will pull on the word of God so that you can receive understanding because revelation will set you free. Revelation of healing healing is a revelation and an understanding of dimensions. There's there's an understanding behind all of that because there's a dimension where there is no sickness. Amen. In that dimension of the redeemed, brother Brandham was able to go there. He said nothing but perfect love could enter into that place. There was no sickness in that place. There was perfect humans in young 21year-old roughly aged bodies. Amen. God can create bodies that are a certain age because we we identify with age because of our human understanding of you know of communication and words. We identify with age as something that correlates to time. But in God there is no time. And he can create an individual 21 years old or he can create them 82 years old. Amen. It's got no relevance. And that's why you can see now that the world could have been a a billion years old. It's irrelevant. It's totally irrelevant when it comes to God because we read the scripture that all things were created by him and for him. You see what I'm saying? So, so this is so important. It sounds simple, but let's let's dig. Let's pull. Let's see what the Lord is going to reveal. Because you can receive your healing just by an understanding of of of of the of the dimension that you are right now being being pressed into. Because we are we are being translated. Remember, we're going to be translated in a moment in the twinkling of an eye. We're not going to be going a million miles from here. No, we're going to be going from this dimension into that sixth dimension if we happen to leave before the rapture. And all that's going to happen is that if this earthly tabernacle dissolved, there's another one waiting. That's why if you read the Colossians, it started out that there are bodies, celestial earthly bodies, earthy, and there are the spiritual bodies. You see, those are bodies that exist in other dimensions. And so, understanding that will place you in a clearer understanding of who you really are and what it is that God is is looking to produce in your life in order to produce the rapture. There's an understanding to the rapture, to your existence, but it comes by revelation. So you have to have your spiritual ears on and open here today. Amen. Do you have that ready? Yes. Okay. Just listen here. This just we we listen to this on Wednesday, but I want you to hear it again just as we use it as a backdrop and move into our service this morning. Now remember the charge was if we'll study that for a moment. I charge thee before God in the Lord Jesus Christ who shall judge the quick and the dead at is appearing in his kingdom. See judge charge ye before God in Christ that you that you preach the word. And so help me to this night. As far as I have any knowledge of, I've never preached nothing but the word. See, and stayed right with it. It's been a lot of trouble. I've went through lots of persecutions, lots of trials, had to separate from many precious friends because of that very statement. Preach the word. And I I remember in the vision or the little translation as I would call it reasoning where I was taken and saw those people looked back to myself and all those millions there and I said I want to see Jesus and he said he's higher. Well see when people die they they don't immediately go up with God. Now you I'm sure you'll understand that. Maybe I'll explain it the best that I can. Are you in a hurry? Let's take our time and and and try to make it just as clear as I can. Now when we come along, we remember that we live here in three dimensions. And I don't know what I can name them or not. One of them is light and the other is matter. Tommy, you remember what the third is? Huh? Adam, time right now. Light, matter, and time. And our five senses contact them dimensions. Our sight contacts light. Our feeling contacts matters and so forth. Now, but we have contact through science. the fourth dimension as it was because coming right through this building now comes pictures, voices of radio, pictures on television that our senses does not contact that but yet they have a a tube or crystal and picks up those ether waves and manifests them. So you see right in this building now is live actions of people in the air. Live voices. They're here. We know it. They're absolutely the truth. And the only thing you do is they catch it on. I don't understand the mechanics of of those things that science has invented. But we know that it proves to us there is a fourth dimension. Now the fifth dimension is where the sinner the unbeliever dies and goes to. The fifth dimension is the kind of the well the horrible dimension. Now this man when a Christian dies he goes into the sixth dimension and God is in the seventh dimension. Now then you see the Christian when he dies he goes under the altar of God right into the presence of God under the altar and he's at rest. To break it down when a man has a nightmare he's not altogether asleep. Neither is he awake. He's between sleep and awake. And that's what makes him have a horrible shaking and screaming because he's not asleep. He's not awake. And to take that shows where a man goes when he dies unconverted. He's lived his time up. He's dead on earth. And he cannot go in the presence of God because he's not fit to go there without the blood. And he's caught. He cannot come back to earth because his time's finished here on earth. And he's caught between and he's in a nightmare. See, he can't go in the presence of God to rest. He can't back come to earth because his time's up. He's in a nightmare. And there he stays until the day of the judgment. Amen. A horrible thing to be in. See, and now in this vision, I believe I was caught that sixth dimension, looking back down here and could see back. See, the sight isn't exactly with the eyes. That's earthly. But sight is a greater thing than the sight that they have there. Their contact is far beyond any contact that our natural senses would contact. Amen. Praise God. Wonderful saints to have been given the understanding through a vindicated prophet in the 20th century that not only just decided he would you know make uh a you know comments on it or what he thought he actually experienced it and this is why it's so important to recognize Malachi 4:5 Revelations 101-7 that God sent a prophet in the 20th century. I know it's hard for people to accept, but they need to search the scriptures and see what the scripture says about this time, this season, this age. And not only did he, you know, he he was given the ability to go there and actually experience these dimensions, he was like a he was like a a a a a receiver that could actually look into that dimension. And that's why when the prayer lines of the people would come up before him, he would look and and all of a sudden he'd see a vision of them at the doctors the day before saw the doctor's name uh see would see his name right on his lapel or you know uh the office describe the scene exactly what the doctor exactly said would tell them that he told you that you've got so much time to live and this and this and that. But the Holy Spirit is here to say, "Thus sayaeth the Lord, you'll not die, but you will live." And there are hundreds and thousands of people that went through those prayer lines that by the spirit of God, not the man, no man can heal. It's God who heals. Amen. Amen. But he vindicated that man because the man, William Brandham, had a message. And signs and wonders shall follow them. Amen. to catch the attention of the people. And that's why it's important to hear and to listen what God's prophet has told us in these last days. If it's from the scripture, you can say, "Amen." Praise God. If it's a man's teaching or man's ideas, then let it alone. Don't have to do nothing with it. Just leave it alone. God will vindicate and confirm his own word and show what is truth and what is error. Amen. Praise God. And so we understand now that these dimensions, these are only places of existence. Hell is not a burning hell like people say, you know, people, that was the Pentecostal teachings that they would, you know, they would say, "Hey, if you don't repent right now, if you die right now as a sinner, you're going to go to a burning hell." That's a lie. They would tell him, "You're going to a burning eternal hell." That's a lie. Do you know that even brother Brandham back in 1957 said, you know, in a message that he says, "We need stronger pulpits. We need individual ministers to get out there and tell the people that the that if they don't repent, they're going to go to an eternal hell." That's brother Brandham speaking back in 1957. But then something took place through the opening of those seals that changed absolutely everything. And that's why this church exists. That's why you are in the pew that you're in this morning under this ministry is because you've recognized a dispensational change and that the Holy Spirit has now opened the book which is the Bible which is the understanding of the word to not only open our understanding to who we are but our understanding of the of of the dimensions and the levels of God's existence so that we can better understand his purpose and his plan for each and every one of us here at this time. Amen. And so, uh, our our understanding has been has been opened up by the opening of those seals because it unveiled the mysteries of God. So, hell is not a burning. No, hell, it's it's in that fifth dimension. And that's the dimension where people go that, you know, that just don't accept the word. They don't want to repent. They don't want to they don't want to believe that God is doing something today and that there's a present truth. And so because they they rejected the word and all those demons and all those fallen angels, that's all the demons are. You don't need to be afraid of demons. Get that? You know, whenever you think of demons, right away you see, you know, like this ugly looking thing with long teeth and long hair that's going to attack you. That's not that's that's all lies. You don't want to be caught up into those fantasies. You need to understand that they're fallen angels. They're people that were created that that have fallen that have rebelled against the word of God and have rejected God. And now Satan has them as his messengers. In the same way that God has his angels that encamp about that those that love him that are encamped about your life even right now protecting and watching over you, your children, your family because of your faith in the word of God. You've accepted the absolute that there is a God, a self-existent one that has created all of this for his purpose and for his glory. and you're just you're you're blessed to be able to recognize it and to see it and to be a part of it and you can walk with confidence knowing that you're walking with God and that you're your your future is clear that if you were to if the if the Lord was to take you right now, you would be going to the to the dimension of the redeemed, the place where brother Brandham went and saw and we're going to look at that and we're going to talk about it and just to, you know, just to look deeper into it all so that we can set the right expectations as Christians in this day and in this hour. Amen. The world's falling apart. There's wars, rumors of wars. There's things that are going on that that are causing terrible havoc. But you are a separated people. If you've accepted Jesus Christ as your absolute, which is the word, you've placed the word as your shield, then you're you're protected. You're surrounded. You're encamped about by God's angels. Amen. Satan takes his demon angels and says, "You see that individual there? He's causing a lot of havoc, but he still doesn't quite understand dimensions. He still doesn't understand the existence and his own existence. And he's he's afraid of demons. You shouldn't be afraid of demons. You should not be afraid of demons. You don't have to take six brothers with you or five people with you and go into a prayer meeting before you go in and pray for somebody that's sick because you know that that sickness is just a spirit. That's all it is. But you should have a a level of faith right now. This is the this is the faith that we're growing into, saints. This is what this is all about. We're not talking about dimensions here. We're talking about your faith and your revelation and understanding on the word of God, which gives you confidence and authority to stand in front of anybody that's sick and lay your hands upon them as a son or a daughter of God and say just like Jesus when Jesus was on earth, he just walked into the room. He just walked into the place. He'd walk into the city. A man's would come running with his son. Jesus would just look and say, "Satan, come out." That's all he had to do. Thank you, Jesus. It's not about, "Oh, I can cast out demons because I'm a church member and you got to you got to take six, seven people with you to go camp." It's because you're afraid. Glory to God. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Jesus said, "Don't rejoice that you can cast out demons, but rejoice rather that your name is written in the Lamb's book of life before the foundations of the world." And when you come to know that, you've got a different kind of authority, brother. Let me tell you, you can walk into a room and those demons are going to know that you know. Amen. spirits and and and and you know, rebellious spirits and all kinds of spirits that are still controlling people's lives in this place. They're not going to be able to come in here very much longer, if they even are. Because when they're coming into here, they're coming into the presence of God. We believe the mighty angel is in this place. And the spirit of God cannot where God is, there's liberty. Amen. And if you're coming into this place and you're still hiding certain spirits, it won't be too long that you'll either be gone or you'll be set free. Hallelujah. The word of God is to be preached in order to set the captives free. And as God takes us into the realms of faith to understand what the word is supposed to do, because this bride, she's coming into an understanding that she knows what to do with the word. And it's a confidence that comes on her. And when when God the father when he's looking down at you and he's saying, "Hm, hallelujah. This daughter, this son, boy, they're they're they're really coming into their position. They're accepting the word for their day. They're they're recognizing what I'm doing right now in their midst, and they are they they have they've got a confidence in them. Amen. Praise God." So that when you by faith come into a situation, those spirits you you shouldn't even have to say a word. They they will immediately just like when Jesus was walking in those spirits, they said, "Have you come to torment us before our time?" Amen. That's the kind of walk that we should have with the Lord. Amen. It's not easy, saints. It's not like I know it's easier said than done, but you just It's an understanding. It's a faith and I believe God is dropping it into the midst of his children now to receive this kind of faith so that we can overcome. Amen. Praise God forever more. And so I want to go to our scripture here. I want to read from St. John chapter 3 uh verse 7-13 because you know um Jesus himself was here and um he was you know and and I I want to draw from this uh an understanding um from the word of God how Jesus was actually talking about dimensions you know dimensions and and the and the understanding of your existence and your position as a son or daughter of God. It's in the word all over the place. You're going to see it everywhere. Now that your eyes of understanding are being enlightened by the opening of the word, when you go to read the word, you're going to see things that you that you see. Oh my, look at that. Praise God. There it is again. So here now Jesus in St. John chapter 3, we're going to read from 7 to13. He says, "Marvel not that I say unto thee, ye must be born again. The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but can't not tell whence it cometh, and whether it goeth. So is everyone that is born of the spirit. Now, you know that he's actually talking about realms of existence here. He's actually talking about that you're not going to see certain things that move in the spirit realm, but you need to be aware that that's where things take place. And that's why Nicodemus, he was he came to Jesus and he and he was looking. He says, you know, uh there's no question that thou art a man come from God. Let's let's look. And Nicodemus answered and said unto him, how can these things be? Jesus answered and said unto them, "Art thou a master of Israel and knowest not these things?" You see, Nicodemus was so caught up with the law that he failed to recognize the spirit and that Messiah was actually going to come to fulfill his word according to exactly the way he said he was going to do it in the scripture. They were reading all the scriptures. They were reading the Old Testament. They would read the Torah every Sabbath. And they would talk about the Messiah that he's going to come and everything else. But then when the word was actually made manifest in their day, which was Christ, God himself coming down from his self-existent seventh dimension picked up a body by the spoken word in Mary, created a body for himself. so that he could dwell in this dimension. What was he doing? He was coming from the seventh dimension into our dimension. Amen. In a human form. Amen. And we need to recognize that this was the process of how he was going to actually redeem the entire body of Jesus Christ. This was the first be remember it's the Old Testament. God above us. Jesus Christ comes on the scene. It's God with us. He goes off the scene in the form of a resurrection, sends back the Holy Ghost, which is himself, God in us. So this whole process is going on. And here Nicodemus is asking, "How is this?" And he says, "Verily I say unto thee, we speak that we know and testify that we have seen and ye receive not our witness. If I have told you earthly things, ye and ye believe not, how shall you believe if I tell you of heavenly things?" And this is pertaining to us too and to the people of this generation and how it is that they're they're they're they're claim to be Christians. They claim to know the word of God. We come to them with absolute scripture clear just like Jesus did when he come in, you know, riding on the full the ass on the full of a of a mule. And he comes into Jerusalem exactly according to Isaiah's prophecies. He he fulfilled uh the the prophecy in the Virgin Mary. Behold, a virgin shall conceive. All of these things, everything exactly according to his word. And yet they couldn't recognize it. And he says to them, if you can't even understand the earthly things, how you going to understand the spiritual things? And the spiritual things are understanding your existence in this realm as a son of God in a human body but little by little being transformed into the supernatural body because you've already come into contact with your theophony. Thank you Jesus. This message this message puts you in contact with your theophony. That's what this message does. Praise God. I don't want to get too far ahead of myself. So here now, he says, "If I've told you earthly things and you believe not, how shall you believe if I tell you heavenly things? And no man hath ascended up to heaven, but he that came down from heaven, even the Son of man which is in heaven." He's telling them right there, you're looking at me and nobody's gone into nobody's come uh uh you know, no man hath ascended. Nobody's gone into that seventh dimension. No man as of yet has ascended into that seventh dimension where that that was the place that when brother Brandham went to that sixth dimension and he saw them and he says, "I want to see Jesus." They said, "He's just a little higher." It didn't mean that he was, you know, you got to take these stairs and you got to go a little higher. No, he was in a he was in another realm of existence. He was in a higher dimension that moves at a higher frequency. And that's that's what that's what uh he was saying. He was in a higher dimension. And here now he's telling them clearly, I'm the one that came from that dimension that's here right now and there too. Amen. You know, people want to say, "Yeah, but Jesus was the son that was on the earth and the father was talking above, you know, and said, "This is my beloved son in whom I am pleased to dwell in." Listen even what he said. He was telling them because if you don't have an understanding of realms of existence and dimensions, you start to place things in a fantasy world and you start to picture things according to pictures in your mind. You know, like the mighty angel that's going to come down that came down in 1963 and you know, he put one foot on the land and one foot on the sea. That was all what John saw. Yeah. It was in in type form. It was it was showing a prophecy of a future event of a realm of faith that was going to come to the sons and daughters of God by the mighty angel coming down. And people think that it was like an actual angel. No. All God did was he moved from the seventh dimension, come through the sixth dimension, picked up seven angels. Come on now. Amen. Picked up seven angels that that created a cloud formation and actually appeared in the heavens. So what what happened was there was an interdimensional uh transition right there and then and it was actually made available for people to see here on earth and caught in Science magazine, Life magazine and and we know that there was an earthly angel that was on Sunset Mountain right at that time that was receiving those seven angels. and the message of the opening of those seven seals. But don't picture it in your mind as as an angel, like a person with, you know, great big wings. No, it was God himself. In the same way that when Jesus said, you know, how can I tell you of these things? No man hath ascended up to heaven but he that came down from heaven. And and and even the son of man, who who was the son of man? It was him. He was telling them, "I am that son of man that standeth before thee. And not only am I standing before you, but I'm also up there because I exist in every realm." Thank you, Jesus. I I I'm the one that created. We read it in Colossians. All things exist by him and for him. Amen. You see, it's simple, saints, but we need to look at it and and understand it in in the right perspective so that we get the faith that we need in this time and season that we're living in. Now, watch. He goes on here. Let's let's go to the next slide. Now, this next slide, okay, anybody wants a copy of it, just let me know. send me an email or a text message. I'll send it to you. It's one that was done by message believers. I believe you know Bible way and even brother Lonnie Jenkins maybe had something but it's a it's a wonderful outline of the seven dimensions and you know um it just gives like you know breaks down all the different aspects of these dimensions and you know in here you know for like like like for example we know that that God is in the seventh dimension which is the highest form the highest level it's where he's the self-existent one, him alone. Amen. That's where he was. And and that's where he he started to create from himself. He started to speak from himself. He projected himself into the earth by Adam and so forth. And and if we look at this drawing here, there's there's just like I'm I'm not going to preach on the whole thing, okay? I'm I've I only picked it up because I would like to be able to give it to whoever wants it. And you can actually read it and you'll be blessed. You'll you you'll see like for example when Moses everything types God. Everything is a perfect perfect type of Christ in dimensions. God above us, God with us, God in us. And even if you know you look here and it talks about the holies of holies. Well, back in the days of Moses, the the the seventh dimension or the the realm where God was the pillar of fire himself was in the Holy of Holies. It was in the the the the the most inner court. It was the place where only he himself because God even said to Moses, "You're going to be God to the people." He was God's voice to the people. Amen. Aaron was his was his uh you know, his his mate. like you know just like Eve you know like they were working together and it was all showing type form exactly what God was was showing in type what he wants to fulfill in our own lives and the purpose even taking us right to the rapture and how we are going to actually come together for for for perfect faith for a rapture. Amen. All of it is all within it. And there's the outer court, the inner court, you know, and then it talks about, you know, the the the the the regions and all the different regions and so forth. It's an overview, okay? And it's available and that's the only reason I put it in there because I know some people have been asking me for, you know, for some of the uh, you know, diagrams and so forth and I've been sending them out and you're free to, you know, contact me anytime. So, uh, let's move on. Now listen here, brother Brandham speaking here in 1965 in Christ is revealed in his own word. Next slide he says, "And they're going to find out someday that they're not seeing 150 million years of light space either. They're going right around in a circle." That's exactly. You're going to find out one of these days that when you go to heaven, you don't fly off somewhere else. You're still right here. Imagine because distance is only something that that we as human beings in this dimension of light, matter, time, we have an understanding of distance and time and space. But it's right here. He says, "You're still right here, too, just in another dimension faster than this." That's what heaven actually is. Right through this room is coming color. Every color, shirt, dress, every what whatever whatever you got on is eternal laying right on records going around and around the world. Every time you bat your eyes, it's right on record. Watch television will prove that. So in other words, everything is actually existing simultaneously at the same time. Amen. But because we operate in light, time and matter as human beings, we associate with this dimension and we need to awaken to the understanding of the influences that are happening around us to control us in our existence as sons and daughters of God. And so we want to look now at each of these aspects. And we want to see here that the first one is the next slide. Light. Now light is the first dimension. We operate in light, matter and time. Okay? Without light you don't have matter. Without matter, you don't have light. It's all interconnected. Amen. It's actual substance. Even light itself is a substance. The first dimension is light. Without light, there would be no living thing on earth. When God said, "Let there be light." And the world was without form and void. That light brought everything into into existence. It immediately produced vegetation because without light there could be no vegetation. Without light there could be no um uh distance. We could not understand it because light is everything. And without light coming from the sun, the earth and everything on it would freeze and will cease to exist. God said in the beginning, "Let there be light and there was light and God himself is light." First John 1:5 states that this then is the message which we have heard of him and declare unto you that God is light and in him is no darkness at all. God is the is the is the opening of the word via his you know how people say I've seen the light well God's light opens understanding God's light brings revelation without God's light for you as a son or daughter of God you don't even understand revelation you don't even understand the the the the the concept of revelation you're you as a human being all you understand is knowledge teaching I got to read about it to understand it God God's way of giving understanding is by revelation and his revelation is light because he is light without light nothing can can work everything becomes total chaos amen and that's that's you know that's what um Colossians was all about that in the beginning was God and in the beginning God said let there be light and that is what exposed everything that was on the earth that was in total chaos which which we know that there was other worlds before this one. We know that there was utter chaos. We know that even, you know, we we've heard how brother Brandham talked about how Satan walked upon the earth before the fall, all of the things that that were taking place. We're not interested in all of that. They want to talk about dinosaurs millions of years ago and all of those things. We know that all of that chaos and there must have been some sort of a a destruction or or an annihilation prior to this dimension of earth in God creating it for his purpose and for his glory because he wanted now to express what he had in the back part of his mind from the very beginning which was to be with his children to be and have fellowship. ship with himself. Amen. Expressing himself. And so when he said, "Let there be light," everything changed right from that moment. There was a new earth and and everything started to live. And then it just started to go from there. And without light, we don't understand anything. There'd be nothing. Light is an actual substance. It's actual particles. It moves in certain ways. When light when light moves through, you know, through glass, it does certain things. It can change its, you know, you know, when it moves through a diamond, it changes into different aspects. When it moves, you know, when it comes into a dark room, it exposes everything. Well, it's all because it's God. Amen. He is light. Amen. Praise God. And so, let's go to the second one now. Matter. The second dimension is matter. And matter is anything that has mass and occupies space. Everything that we see around us from botney life to animal life from from land formations to water forms these are known as matter. Man is made out of 16 elements of matter. We're all made up of matter. We we consist of 16 different molecules of uh you know different um uh you know there's there's chromium and there's copper and there's iodine and iron and magnesium and you know all these different pod ash and zinc and and fluoride and oxygen and hydrogen and sulfur you know and and if you lack any one of these elements you will have a system imbalance because God created matter to be perfect because it was created for him and for his purpose for this dimension. And so we need to understand how these other dimensions affect the matter in our bodies and that we've been given authority over light, matter, and now even time because we are we are we are not no longer in an actual church age. We are we are in a bride age. We've entered into a time uh where their time shall be no more age. This is where we're moving. We're headed in that direction so that we can better understand. But but without these foundations in place, we we we we get caught up in in the carnality of life. And all of a sudden the the things that matter in our lives override the things that that that you know that that really matter in the economy of God. And we get caught up too much with the carnal things. And we look at how we're being affected in our environment, in our flesh, whether it be sickness, whether it be uh you know uh lack of of things that we have need of, you know, relationships, all those things. Those are all things that pertain to light, matter, and time. Even your relationships with with individuals. But you need to understand that you're being influenced by other dimensions. And this is what you want to expound your understanding on. And this is what we're looking at as we move through this. And so in order for a man to contact his environment, God gave you five senses in order to contact matter, time, space, and now even the fourth dimension. The fourth dimension. Let's look at le let's go let's let me stick with my notes because then I get you know off but let's look here. So so here now um in order for man to contact his inver God gave us five senses here taste smell feel and see in order for him to be able to contact the surrounding material world in which we live. Faith is the sixth sense that God gave us. That's the realm of revelation. That was the thing that we were talking about in in God's light. God's light is by revelation. Worldly light is by knowledge. They put lights on their books so that they can read things so that they can gain wisdom and understanding. God fills you with the Holy Ghost so that when you read the word, it filters through the spirit and it gives you revelation and understanding on what you're reading. You're reading what's unwritten in the word of God. That's what you you have. So that faith is the evidence of things that we do not see, we do not hear, we do not smell or taste because it's far more different from from fact, you know, facts and truth. The world has all kinds of worldly wisdom based on facts that they know. But we we we're not we're not looking at facts of, you know, people. Well, yeah, but our our our church teaches this because our leader was John Wesley and it's a fact that he said all of these things and these are facts that we go by. But God doesn't operate by facts. God operates by faith. Amen. And faith is a revelation of the truth. And that's why when you talk to somebody about truth and you say, "Yeah, but wait a minute. There's there's nobody in the Bible that was ever baptized into the titles of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. I can show you in the scripture." And they will look at that and they will they they will not see the the revelation of the godhead. They will not see that that his name was Jesus. When they say in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, they're they're looking everything based on logic and not recognizing the revelation and the truth that's in the word of God that can only be unveiled by the Holy Ghost. Amen. That's why he told Nicodemus, "You must be born again, Nicodemus. You must receive the new birth." And people say, "I've been born again. I go to a Christian church." No, you have not been born again unless you've received Christ in your day. That's the evidence of the Holy Ghost. It's Jesus Christ in the present stage of his ministry. And you are that word that's receiving it right now, bringing it to life. And so the truth is, if you are born of the spirit of God, you shall no longer die. That's according to Jesus himself. He says, "He that believeth on me, though he were dead, because you know that this thing's going to die. It's dying right now from the moment that you were born, it's been dying." Amen. And though you were dead, yet shall you live because whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. In other words, he's imparting himself eternal life unto you and to your matter. Amen. Into your time, into your space. Amen. Praise God. Let's go to the next slide. The third dimension is time. And time began and was issued in the economy of mankind when man fell from grace. There was no time. When God created Adam, God expressed himself from the seventh dimension into a matter body on the earth. Okay? But remember when matter was created and God expressed a body for himself, it was it actually it was in in Genesis 3 when he actually created the ma the matter body. Before that it was the theophony body. It was God himself expressing himself in the image of himself into a theophony body. That was the first Adam. And then when he took from the earth He took from the matter. Then he created him a matter body. But that even that matter body that he created for Adam at that time, it was it had no time in it. It it actually didn't decompose. That body was it was actually when when God created Adam in in Genesis chapter 3 and called their name uh male and female and called their name Adam. He took of himself an attribute of himself and he himself within his own attribute is male and female. And all he did was he created a a a a flesh body for Adam from the earth from the matter of the earth. But there was no time yet. That body was a 21-year-old body just like you know God can create a body that's 21 years old 40 years old whatever year old when he came in the order of Melzdc and you know and he came to Abraham he was in a he was in a body that he created for himself and and he was the king of Salem without father without mother he was you know under the order of Melzdc well who was it was Christ it was God himself he can create himself a body anytime he wants so when he created Adam's body. It was a matter body, but it had not fallen yet. Amen. It was eternal. Amen. God can do that. He's going to do it again. Oh, glory to God. This is where we're headed, saints. Remember, we got another thousand years in this dimension of Earth. Oh, boy. This is something else. I love it. I love this word. I love his word. It's glorious. It just keeps unveiling and and and just, you know, getting sweeter and sweeter. But here now, but due to the fall, so so watch. Adam was supposed to be eternal. Amen. He was a perfect man created in the image of God, not prone to death nor sickness, but due to the fall When Eve disbelieved the word and believed the serpent, when he said, "You shall not surely die." Because God said, "The day you eat of that tree of knowledge," which was the knowledge of good and evil, which was the serpent, which was Satan himself, the devil that was in the garden, an upright man that could talk. How many people know serpents that can talk? Oh, yeah. Anybody? I know there's a lot of people that talk and the serpent is definitely speaking through them, but you don't see a serpent. Well, that's exactly what he was. He was a person, an upright person that was talking to Eve and got her to disbelieve the word of God. And when that took place, time started right there and then. And it was created as an existence right then. Before that, there was no time. Amen. There was no need of it. And the moment time comes, death comes. And that's why time, he says, but due to the fall when Eve was deceived by the serpent into eating and partaking with the forbidden fruit and dragged her husband Adam into it, death entered into human life. But of the fruit of the tree in the midst of the garden, thou shalt not eat. For the moment that thou eatest thereof, that day you will die. And that's why Adam never lived beyond a thousand years because a day is as a thousand years in the Lord. I believe he lived to 960 or so. Man began to age and to weaken after the fall. Man that is born of a woman is of a few days and full of trouble. That's why you need to be born again because born into this flesh, you're going to fight constantly against it. It'll be a battle over man that is born of a woman is of a few days and full of trouble. And that's according to Job 14:1. But time will cease one day after everything has been restored by God back to its original condition. That's where we're headed. That's the dispensation that we're headed for at full speed. The speed of light by the light and the speed of God's supernatural word. Amen. Praise God. And so this third dimension, time began. Amen. Now the only way back is by receiving eternal life. Time was introduced for the first time at the time of the original sin. And now the only way back is by receiving eternal life, which is the Holy Ghost for your day. I cannot overemphasize that. People say, "Oh, I was baptized 25 years ago." And I and that's so I'll ask I go, "Oh, that's that's wonderful, brother. How are you baptized?" He says, "In the water." I said, 'You remember, were you baptized, you know, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ? Not that that saves you. Don't get me wrong, but the scripture says that baptism is an outward expression of something that's been revealed on the inside. Amen. And it's it has to be revealed to you to be baptized according to the word because the word cannot change. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. I can show you in the New Testament over 8,000 baptisms and every one of them was done in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Not one in the titles of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Because the word doesn't lie. And if the Holy Ghost comes into you, you're going to know how you were baptized. You're going to know that you were buried in the water, that your old life was buried because the the the water is a representation of a burial, that you're being buried to your old life, and you're rising up to a brand new life. You're going to know that you were baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, where the scripture says that there is no other name whereby man must be saved. No other name. Oh, I got baptized in the titles of father, son, and holy ghost. You haven't been baptized. I got baptized as a baby. You doubly have not been baptized. You got sprinkled with water. You've got no revelation. Jesus says, "He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved." You see, that's the only way back. And without the simplicity and the teaching, like you know, I know you've heard it a hundred times, baptism and this and that, but he doesn't change. Repent and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Acts 2:38. You shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. He's not going to change for anybody. And when that takes place, all of a sudden, everything opens up. Revelation on dimensions open up. Revelation of your purpose for your existence opens up. Your understanding of why you've received this message in this last day opens up. You start to recognize that the seven seals has a significance in this revelation of this hour and how you need to be feeding on the word of God and understand the opening of those seven seals and why it's so important because within it lies rapturing faith. Within it lies the change of your mortal body. Without it, you are just a denominational Christian. You're just you're you're you're you're plain church. I I don't know how else to describe it. I I see people every day. I talk to people every day. They claim to be Christians, but then if I try to get a little deep, a little bit, you know, just a little bit, you know, just little simple discussions on the word of God about receiving the Holy Ghost. You know, Jesus said, "He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved." And you know, and you just get into little simple things right away. They just, you know, they just they don't want to know. They don't Why? Because they don't really take their their salvation serious. They think they do, but because they go to church on Sunday. They feel justified because they go to church, because they give to the church, because No, God God doesn't need people's money. God doesn't need your time to show up in church and live a hypocritical life and go back out there taking the name of the Lord in vain every time you talk to your friends. Come on. Either we're going to talk the reality and the truth or we're going to play church. And there's no playing church here. We want to know what we need to know in this hour because this world is falling apart and fast. Amen. Praise God. And so this is where we're going to uh we're going with this. But first, we need to understand the importance of receiving the Holy Ghost and being born again. Amen. Praise God. Let's look at the fourth dimension. We're going to close on this and then we'll pick it up again next week because this is going to go for I think a a couple of more weeks at least. But understanding your existence while being influenced by these seven dimensions and in particular this fourth dimension which is science. This fourth dimension runs through our three dimensions, the fifth dimension all the way through because it's the channel of communication through ether. It's science. The fourth dimension is science. It was created and God created it as an avenue and man tapped into it back in the early 1900s when they started to tap into, you know, radio waves and sound waves. Without the fourth dimension, you you wouldn't even be able to hear my voice because my voice is traveling through the ether and there's sound waves that are going directly to your ears to receive, you know, the drum. You've got eard drums. That's why a person that's deaf, all they're seeing is my lips moving. They cannot hear because their physical ability to receive sound and waves has been cut off. And so we need to understand how this dimension works and why it's so important to understand it because through it is where we get all the negative influences and the positive influences. It involves the things that are unseen to the natural eye, but yet they exist based on natural laws, yet are not quite plain to a common man's understanding. Electricity, for example, cannot be seen. But when one gets to know the law of electricity and apply these laws today, he could run a whole city's machineries, lighting systems, communication systems, and transportation systems. This is the fourth dimension. And even Thomas Edison discovered the principle of light and came up with the light bulb. He unveiled some of the hidden mysteries of the fourth dimension. And Albert Einstein learned how to split the atom and introduced the theory of relativity. All breaking into this fourth dimension. But it's a dimension that we need to understand and and more in particular why we need to understand it. Amen. Television it's a byproduct. It's a product of science. For example, it can pick up sights and sounds. That's why these dimensions you can understand them from just from the the theory and the and the uh um the you know the understanding of this fourth dimension because there's there's pictures there's live scenes right now that are operating right here in this room of people that are alive doing things but on television on the other side of the world. And if we had a TV right here, it would pick up that frequency and that person would be alive right here and we'd be watching. We we all understand that. The purpose I'm telling you that is so that you understand how dimensions work because the dimension of the redeemed, it's right here. They without us cannot be made perfect. They're waiting on us to perfect our revelation of dimensions so that we can understand that when the Holy Gh what the purpose of the Holy Ghost and the coming of the mighty angel was so that we can so that we can connect with our theophanes so that we can we can be changed in a moment in the twinkling of an eye. We need to understand that that dimension is right here right now. But it's all going to come together when that when the fullness of the dispensation of time is complete. The Bible talks about it in in the book of Ephesians. And so we need to understand this simple knowledge. Today's technologies such as the invention of cars, bullet trains, submarines, airplanes, rockets, spaceships, the internet was only made possible for use during the the last 20th century. And in the fulfillment of Bible prophecy, it surely was prophesied that in the last days, knowledge shall increase. And now knowledge can move at the speed of light. Amen. And so science came as a result of man's partaking of the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil. It's not perfect. It's not the perfect will of God, but it's the permissive will of God because of the fall. Let the musicians come. I can see here that there's a lot more to this dimension, but we need to understand the influence of it. We need to realize that it's where our young people are being constantly compromised because of the flow of information at the speed of light. Young people are being captivated and sucked into pornography because you can literally you go to a website. It happened to me. I was just doing research on on on my business and all of a sudden a website comes up which was a pornographic website instantly just like that it just come out of nowhere and it's the kind of things that you you know that's how Satan is working now in using these technologies but we need to be aware of the influence that they can have on us and we need to to be willing to to put a barrier and say no absolutely not. We need to be able to be consciously aware that we are not going to spend time all day on social media and and and listening into all these podcasts and all these different uh you know people's teachings on the universe and everything else. We need to get more into the word of God. Amen. Amen. The enemy is using this fourth dimension to absolutely pollute our minds and distract us from the word of God. Satan is using it to distract you from your purpose, who you really are, and what you're to actually fulfill in this day and in this hour. And he's using the internet. Listen, we use the internet the right way. We need to be disciplined because God has given us faith to know good and evil. That's the beauty of being born again. It gives you an authority over these dimensions. It gives you an authority to reject the enemy to say, "No, that is not going to come into my home. No, I'm not going to allow that spirit to come in through these, you know, such, you know, like listen, all of our politicians, all of our uh, you know, uh, great uh, leaders of the world, they're they're anointed by this fourth dimension. And they're and they're especially anointed by the fifth dimension, which is the the region of the lost and all those spirits that operate. And what do they do? They get anointed from the fifth dimension as a politician to to have influence and they use the fourth dimension to send forth all of their their their their lies because it's the dimension of lies. The fifth dimension, it's the dimension of lies because it's the it's the dimension of the lost. Do you know what devil the word devil means? It means liar. That's what devil means. That's why when Jesus was on the earth and he was doing the things and and and doing the miracles that he was doing, they they called him Beelzebub. They were calling him a devil. In other words, their understanding of devil was that you he was a liar. They were calling him a liar saying that he was that he was God. That if you see me, Philillip, you've seen the father. It's not I that doeth the works, but the father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works. And and to the to the Pharisees and the Sadducees, that was God. That's Messiah. How could he be saying that? I that am he. I am he that speak to thee. They said, "What? How could he claim this?" You see, Satan is the father of lies. And he uses his angels and the fourth dimension to spread his lies into the ears of our young people and into even us. We need to understand the power of the fourth dimension and we need to use it for the glory of God. Amen. Amen. Praise God. I'm going to stop there. Next week, we'll look into the fifth dimension and we'll move on and and when we get into the sixth and the seventh, there's that's where things really start to get glorious. Amen. I love that because it's it's it's we we are we are we are transitioning. God had a plan from the very beginning and the plan as it evolved, it produced dimensions. Just like I said, there wasn't a third dimension until there was a need for a third dimension. And there wasn't a fourth dimension until there was a need for the fourth dimension here in this earth. There wasn't a fifth dimension until there were fallen angels that a fifth dimension and a place where they could exist was required. Amen. There wasn't a sixth dimension until Jesus Christ came and came the first time and went down. Okay, I'm not gonna I'm gonna stop there because that's what leads into where we're going. Amen. Praise God. So, let's just let's all stand. But this is this is glorious, saints. This is who we are. This is the message of the hour. This is what we're feasting on. Amen. This is why we're we're we're excited about the word of God. It's not because we're teaching things from knowledge. It's because we're we're feeling the inspiration of the Lord directing us, guiding us, moving us personally into our personal uh um uh uh personal ministries. We all have a ministry in the body of Christ and we need to recognize that. Amen. Praise God. Let's pray. Father, we so appreciate, Lord, that Lord, whatever was uh revealed here today, Lord, I I've been blessed because I know that this word just keeps unveiling. It's you, Father, just making yourself more real to each and every heart. Lord, I pray that you will bless and prosper our week. May these things continue, Lord. May we go back and listen to some of the messages. Go back and listen to souls that are in prison now. Go back and listen to things that are to be. go back and listen to the messages uh uh there's so many good uh teachings from the prophet on on dimensions just in the way that Lord that you brought it so simple but yet so profound and it's given us a true understanding of who we are why we exist and and the purpose that you've called us father Lord bless your people this week Lord go before them watch over us. Guide us and direct us. Prosper our week, Lord. You know all the work that we need to accomplish even here today, Lord. The tearing down of these pews, Lord. It's hot. May your spirit just come and cool as we work together, Father, quickly and efficiently for your glory into bringing your house of worship into that uh place, Lord, that you've you've placed a vision on our hearts to to produce for you, Lord. Grant it, we pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. I'm ready to change. I'm ready to change. Is that E flat? E flat. I'm ready to change. Move on up to another dimension. I'm ready to change and relocate to another location. There's nothing going to hold me here no more. I'm already out. I got the Holy Ghost here. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. I got the Holy Ghost here. I'm ready. Everything that I need to cross the border [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I got the Holy Ghost here to prove. [Music] Oh, I got the Holy Ghost here. I'm ready to move. Oh, I got the Holy Ghost. [Music] [Music] Praise the Lord. Amen. You'll be seated for a moment, please. Amen. Okay. Sure. So, Joseph and Priscilla for a vision statement, you can make yourself available right now. Amen. Praise God. The word is here to change us. Amen. And as it said, the bride is making herself ready. Come on up. Come on. Praise God. Thank God for his word. But you got to make yourself ready. The word is available for each and every one of us to apply to each heart. Amen. Praise God. Our vision is to be a life-changing ministry transforming the world one person at a time. Our purpose is to bring people to Jesus for membership in his family, growing them into maturity, equipping them for ministry to fulfill their life purpose of glorifying God. Our vision, we are changing. We are changing lives forever. Thank you. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. We got a few announcements. Amen. Um I guess um I believe everyone knows what's happening here today. Amen. Praise God. But before we go into that in detail, we have our nursing ministry that's be coming up next Sunday, July the 13th. Amen. Praise God. So nursing ministry team, be aware of that. Amen. um yet to have a minister that is going to be assigned to that. Amen. So, Sister Vanessa, Amen. And also all the other dates for the rest of the year will be posted out there and you'll be aware of it. Amen. Praise God. Now, we all aware today. Amen. What's happening? So, first of all, all the pews are going to be taken out of here, dismantled, and to be sent. Amen. Away. Amen. We need all your help. You say, as we say, many hands make light work. Amen. So the quickly, the quickly we can put everything together to get this thing sorted out, it's better for each and every one of us. We can leave here and get back out there into the heat. And we know it's going to be a hot hot day and the rest of this week, but God, as we our pastor said, it's going to be cooler inside of here than out there. And and hell is going to be a lot hotter. Amen. Praise God. So, coming up this week, and I believe, Amen, the carpets here is going to be professionally cleaned. All the carpets here in the back and the hallway going to be professionally clean. Amen. and preparing for our new chairs to be installed. Now, if all goes well, Amen. Sometime during this week, we're going to be uh the chairs that are going to be arriving. It's either Thursday or Friday and uh announcement, a note, email or text going to be sent out. Amen. As to when that is going to happen. So, a container is going to be here. Amen. And all they have to do is offload the chairs and place them into the foyer for installation next Saturday. Amen. So all those who are going to be helping out today, we like to see you 15 minutes in here in the sanctuary. Amen. After we have been dismissed. Get that? Amen. So all those who going to be helping out here today. Amen. coming after 15 minutes and we'll be meeting with brother Mike and I believe brother Alvin. Amen. And who and what are you aware of coming up next Saturday? We going to have a general church cleaning. This is your house and all those who clean your house. I guess every single one of us clean our homes. Amen. And this is God's house. This is your house. You have been investing a lot into this and we want it as nice and clean as possible. Amen. So, we need your help. Amen. We need each and every one of you. As we might say, hands on deck. Amen. Praise God. Right. So, next Saturday at 9:30 a.m., we're going to be starting our general cleaning here. Amen. I know some of you might have to leave earlier. Amen. And some of you can stay right to the end. Amen. So, please, Amen. If you're available, even those that are listening online right now, Amen. If you're available during this week, either Thursday or Friday, to offload the container, those guys with the strong backs and strong hands. Amen. We need your help. Amen. Hallelujah. And also for our cleaning inside and outside. Amen. We have a crew that's been assigned to do the outside. Amen. And then there's going to be and the others who going to be taking care of the inside. Amen. Got that? Is that clear to everyone? Amen. Praise God. Muffins waiting for you Saturday morning. Amen. Good incentive to be here. Hallelujah. Also, it has been announced that our washroom facilities in the basement is not functioning. Now there are signs that are posted in the washrooms that what's uh suitable that can be used for the proper functioning of our facilities. We have to do some maintenance today on that because it's all not working. Amen. So just bear that in mind as a reminder. Amen. That the things that are acceptable to be used in our washrooms. Amen. After service today, we have our youth, our children's celebration down in the basement. Amen. And children, enjoy. Amen. I'm a little child at heart, too. Am I invited? God bless you all as we dismiss. So remember those that are here to help us after service, come back 15 minutes for to meet up here in the sanctuary after. God bless you. Have a wonderful Sunday evening. Amen. And keep cool. God bless you all. Amen. Hallelujah. I've got a revelation [Music] of predestination. I've got a revelation. God is my father. Tells me where I came from. tells me where I'm going. And the gates of hell never prevail against. I've got a reation of predestination. [Music] I've got a revelation. God is my father. Beware. Yes. He will go away. The gates of hell can never prevail. One more time. Oh, I've got a rest. I'll predestination. I've got a rest. God is my father. Tells me where. tells me where I'm going when the gates open. [Music] One more time. I've got a reation of redation. I've got the revelation. [Music] tells me where tells me where [Applause] and the gates I fell never again. [Music] I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. [Applause] [Music] Jesus set me free. I'm so glad Jesus set me free singing glory. Oh, [Music] I'm so I'm so glad you [Music] so Jesus. I'm so glad. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Singing glory hallelujah. Say that I'd be Satan that I'd be bound. But Jesus set me free. Satan had me. Jesus set me free. Satan set me. Jesus set me free. Sing glory hallelujah. Jesus. I'm on my way to heaven and I'm shouting victory. On my way. Oh, shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory in glory. Oh Jesus. And I'm so glad I have the victory. I'm so I have the victory. I'm so glad. I have the victory. Singing glory. Oh, I have the victory. Singing glory. Hallelujah. I have the victory. [Music]
