################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-12 - The Earth Is Groaning And Crying, Waiting For The Manifestations Of The Sons Of God - Philip Bobie.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-12
Title:   The Earth Is Groaning And Crying, Waiting For The Manifestations Of The Sons Of God
Speaker: Philip Bobie
Church:  Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQVbiT3329Q
========================================

Description:
Minister Philip Bobie-Frimpong 
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. Hallelujah. Overcoming power is what we have today. Overcoming power to keep the devil away. for coming by a dream. Become the word soon for love and know and meet the Lord. The message is thy stage to prepare a bride to walk in with him and it is word abide. It is within this spoken word and it's leading to bring us into our true grace and take us out of coming to Oh, Coming power and careful the way [Music] coming power we become the word and soon we go further go and meet the Lord. Oh, we are pass seven age. His power is come. The silences have gone to work. Sure to get the job done. Our sins and winds do lay aside and we set everything right. to inspiration for we just sing. Hallelujah. Oh, come today. [Music] Come in power away. Uncoming power. We become the word out and sway [Music] forward and go to the Lord. Our Moses has already gone. He has prepared a way. He brought the sto Jordan and he was taken away. But Joshua is prepared enough to sound out his command to gather all the saints of God to enter the promised land. Hallelujah. The coming power is what we have today. Oh come power to keep the devil away. Oh coming power become the word and soon we leave this sin and go overcoming power. Come in power what we have today. Oh, come in power to keep the devil away. Oh, come in power become the word. And soon we leave this infert and go. And soon we leave. And soon we leave this inferred and go and meet the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Soon we leave this sinful earth and go to meet the Lord. Amen. How many is thankful for that tonight? Amen. Happy to be in his house once again. Amen. Hallelujah. Give me E flat. The law of the Lord is perfect. But he put up that song for me. The law of the Lord is perfect. The law of the Lord is perfect. Converting the soul. The testimony of the Lord is sure. Making wise the same. All to be desire and aid and go yet and find gold. Sweet also underneath. [Music] The statues of the Lord are right. [Music] Rejoice in God. The commandments of the Lord is pure. Enlightening the eyes [Music] all to be the desire and go yet and must find gold. [Music] Sweet and the honey the fear of the Lord. Oh, the fear of the Lord is clean, enduring forever. Judgments of the Lord are true and righteous all together. And in keeping of them there is great reward. There's great reward, oh Lord. And in keeping of them, there's great There's great And keeping of them. Oh, and in keeping of them there's great reward. Great reward. [Music] And in keeping of them, there is great great reward. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's bow our hearts before the Lord. Oh gracious God, eternal father, Lord, your word is a lamp unto our feet, a light unto our path. Lord, your word is transformative, Lord. It's not just for information, but it's to get us to transform. And that's why we're here tonight, Lord, to be transformed by the renewing of our minds, God. How we desire, oh, Lord, to hear from you tonight, Father. It's our it's our walk with you, Lord. That is all that matters, Father. It's an individual thing, Lord. So each and every one of us come, Lord, to hear from you, Lord Jesus. May you come tonight, Lord Jesus. May you come and speak with us, speak to us in a special way tonight, oh God. So when we leave here, we leave a changed people. Father, remember those that are sick among us, Lord, that needs a touch from you, Lord. Sometimes, Lord, we can be in those chains of of sickness and chains of financial stress and different chains that Satan will try to put on us, Lord. But we know one thing that our hearts are free, Lord, that we could come into this this this tabernacle tonight and we could lift up our voices and we could worship you, Lord, because you have freed us, Lord. We are we are a free people tonight, Father. We thank you for that, Lord. Those other things on this earth might be temporary, Lord, that they might try to strike us down, but you never give us more than we can bear, Father. So, we are so grateful for you are just God. We trust you, Lord, with everything that we have to guide us through this this life, Lord. And not to run away from anything, Lord, but just to stand and be a beacon of hope to someone else, Lord Jesus. Let's be a light that shine in darkness, Lord. As your brother Philip would come tonight, Lord God, that heal, help him to yield himself, Lord. Move himself out of the way and you speak directly, lip to ear to us, Lord. We're here to listen. We give you thanks. We give you praise. Somebody say amen and amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Give me E flat. Is that E flat? Okay. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus. I'm so glad. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus. Satan had me. Satan had me bound. Ah, Jesus set me free. S not be bound, but Jesus set me free. Satan had not been bound, but Jesus set me free. Sing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. And I'm on my way to heaven. And I'll be shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven and I'm shouting the victory. I am on my way to heaven. I'm shouting victory. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. you. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Singing glory hallelujah Jesus. And what a wonderful day to be free from sin. [Music] and after us with it to me. Join me with Jesus my king. What a wonderful wonderful thing. What a wonderful thing. What a wonderful day. What a wonderful thing to be free from the sin. of Christ fading to be a conjointed with Jesus my king. What a wonderful wonderful what a wonder what a wonderful thing. What a what a wonderful thing to be free from sin. Christ to be made joyous with Jesus my king. What a wonderful wonderful one more time. What a wonderful thing. What a wonderful thing to be free from sin. Have Christ waited to be the joy with Jesus my king. What a wonderful wonderful day. What a wonderful what a wonder. Oh, what a wonderful day to be free from Christ to be in joy with Jesus my king. What a wonderful wonder. Welcome to the house of the living God. You happy to be here tonight? there's who um just to let you know that you can be sit down BraI is doing very well today by the grace of God he was able to come and watch my son Joseph run at the wellland secondary school there so he came with Mary and I was very happy to see them they didn't walk all the way there but they drove and then you walk and sit down and then watch the game so Thank God for that. How many enjoy the word on last Sunday? The word came forth so much in power and demonstration of the Holy Ghost. One brother sent me a test that he's still feeding on it and I'm still feeding on that word to such a blessing and a tremendous presence in the house of the Lord. Um let's I pastor Daniel send his greetings and God willing when going when I see him on s on Sunday. You're going to be preaching on next Sunday. So let's bow our heads and pray. Oh our gracious eternal God. You are the true living God. Before you there is no any other god formed. Neither will there be any other god formed. You are one God and your name is the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord during the day we might have passed through so many places. Some of us at work and everything that goes on the prophet said that he backslide thousand times a day because of thoughts that sometimes pass pass through his mind. And father we ask him for forgiveness of our unbelief. If you have any offense, even any thought that has passed on like you, renounce it, reject it, and you accept the mind of Christ, knowing that the spirit of God forgive us and wash us from all uncleanness because you died on Calvary and gave us victory over the enemy. Father, may you come once more. Take me aside. Help me, Father, that I could get myself away so that you can speak to the needs of your children. Father, they have come from work, some tithe and everything by faith. They are here, Lord. They're not here to see me. They want to hear from you. Won't you come once more, Lord Jesus Christ, and speak to their needs and come against any contrary spirit. May the true Holy Ghost have primance and flow through, Lord, and bless your children. Amen. Okay. Sorry for keeping you standing. I just have a a lengthy scriptures but I'm going to cut it off read only one and then the rest. So it's a Bible studies. So I hope you don't mind reading a lot of scriptures. Okay. Our first scripture will be Romans chapter 18 verse 17- 28. I think I'd like to have the scripture myself. Okay. Okay. Romans 88 verse 17-28. And if children then hes of God and joined hers with Christ, if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present tense, present time, are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. For the earnest expectation of the creature waited for the manifestation of the sons of God. That going to be my topic here. The earnest expectation of creature waited for the manifestation of the sons of God. For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willing, but by reason of him who has subject the same in hope. Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God. For we know that the whole creation what grown and travailed in pain together until now. And not only they, but ourselves, also which have the first fruit of the spirit, even we ourselves grown within ourselves, waiting for the adoption to wait the redemption of our body. For we are saved by hope, but if but hope that is sin is not hope. For what a man seeth, why do ye hope for? Likewise, the spirit also help our infirmities. For we know not what we should pray, for as we ought, but the spirit itself make intercession for us with groaning which cannot be altered. Verse 27, and he that searched the heart knoweth what is the mind of the spirit, because he maketh intercession for the sins according to the will of God. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God. And I'm just going to read one more scripture here. Luke 12:32. Fear not little flock, for it is your father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom. Please Jesus bless the reading of your word in Jesus name. Amen. Please be seated. Praise God. Hallelujah. So um if I'll titled it, I think my title is um the earth is groaning and crying waiting for the manifestations of the sons of God. Okay, it all comes back to redemption and I I can't get away from that. It's been so open to me when like one word opens always everywhere. It comes back to redemption. So um okay in Genesis 1 26 when God made man he made him a god because he gave him dominion and he had rulership he had power over the best grace you can put it on um I think it's Messiah's paragraph 47 he had power over the birds of the air, the cattle, over the winds, the waves, the fishes of the sea, the everything. He had dominion over everything. He was a ruler, anointed, a ruler because he had dominion over everything. He was a ruler anointed because he was in the likeness and in the image of God with an earthly dominion. That's why the Bible says that earth is growing in crying, waiting for the manifestations of the sons of God. The world is waiting for the man to come back into his right estate. In other words, Adam had dominion and power over everything in the garden. And because of what happened in the Garden of Eden, he lost that dominion. And not only him, we all because we were in him, we also lost that dominion. And even the trees, the animals, they did not make commit anything. But because Adam was God an amateur God over all those things when he fall it all bring them into this. So the Bible said the whole creation is was waiting and crying for the manifestations of the sons of God and sons and daughters because they're waiting for all of us to go back and God being God when that sin happened it kind of separate man from God and because if you check the Bible Ible said Adam knew what he was doing. But the love that Adam have for Eve, he also deposit his seed to win Eve because he know that he's part of God and God cannot destroy him. So is God also the love of God that flow through him. He also came to partake our sins so that he can bring us back to himself. So when that thing happened, there has to be a way to bring us back. And as we said already, the cried went out, there was no one worthy. Only the lamb of God was worthy. And what is happening is that he died only to redeem his predestinated children. He didn't die for the whole world. It seems like he died for the whole world but his death because the Bible said that the lamb was slain before the foundation of the world. So he said everyone whose name is not written in the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world will be deceived by the antichrist. So that death, that cry that went out when God had to make to redeem man, to bring man to himself so that you can manifest all that Adam was manifesting. First, there has to be a way out to bring his children back to that stage. The only way he was going to do that was what? through revelation revealing himself to his sons and daughters and as you said I said little flock it is your father's pleasure to give you the kingdom so it's not many it's not for many people because the Bible said that the children of the b woman are more than that of the married woman so we have a lot that are not God's children and the god's children are very few in numbers and God always deal with minority. He is looking for one person who is what of a willing heart who that is a part of him that he can reveal himself to. So when it started in the garden of Eden, he chose to reveal himself to he chose to reveal himself to Abel and Bible said that by faith Abel offered an excellent sacrifice and God testify of his gift which is by revelation. That's the way God has been dealing with his children. So God revealed himself to Abel and because God revealed himself to him was able to what give an excellent sacrifice and that that's is what the what do we call it like the like the what word we have to like that became the standard for everyone that has to do or come to thought it has to be by revelation not by works of righteousness. It's not anything that Abel has done but God he found grace in the eyes of God and God reveal himself to him because he was part of God. He was attribute of God means that he was a thought of God and being a thought of God. God revealed himself to him for him to know what caused the fall of man. And if you remember when that fall came, he made a promise that the woman's seed will what? Bruise the head of a serpent seed. That means that the coming of Messiah to die to destroy the work of the devil to bring us back to himself. And it has always been a revelation and it has never been a majority. is always a small member of people. And if you read the Bible in Genesis, it says that Noah found grace in the eyes of God. And because he found grace in the eyes of God in the middle of perverted world out of millions at that time, it was only Noah and his children. And the Bible said as it was in the days of Noah, they build it, they they were given a marriage like common law marriages, they drink, they do everything. And when Noah went the ark, he destroyed all of them. So is you and me today. You and I have found grace in the eyes of God that at this very time when the everything that happened in the time of Noah and Sodom and Gomorrah is repeating itself, God by his amazing grace by his elected seed has called you by you have found grace in the eyes of God so that you can receive his word for today. It's not because you are better than anyone else but you find grace in the sight of God and it's not by anything by a sovereign grace. God is a sovereign and he said I have chose you. I have elected you. I'm revealing myself to you. No one can question God. There might be some people who think or seems to be more better than you, but God bypassed all of them and he came purposely to you to elect and what chose you to be part of him. And in the midst of our generation, that exact thing that happened in sodomy is repeating itself again. You have found grace in the sight of God. And being like Abrahamic seed, God revealed to Abraham everything that was happening in the camp of Sodom to him. But the people in Sodom didn't know what was coming. And by his grace God has sent us a vindicated prophet William Myron Abraham and has uh prophesied and revealed a lot of us to. So when we pick up this Bible, we pick up the message to read that we are not going for the letter part. That's what the letter killer but the spirit giveth life. So because you are part of God when you pick it up, he reveal himself to you without even the book. He comes and deal with your heart and reveal and put things in your heart and let you know discern things to know what is going on because you are part of him. It's effortlessly. You didn't fight for that but by grace you found grace in the eyes in the sight of God and God chose you to be part of his word. So it has always been a minority and God never deal with many in every age. It has always been a minority. Amen. And hallelujah. If the Bible said that Abraham was called out as from his what? His kindred and his people and walk with God. So is you and me. God call us out. Some from denominations, some from uh the world, some hasn't even some were atheists, some were cocaine addicts, some were drunkers, some were all this. God callth us from all those things and what and reveal himself to us the same because we are a royal seed of Abraham and God made a promise to Abraham. Amen. If you read Isaiah chapter 14 verse Isaiah 14 verse 24 and 27 said the Lord of hosts hath sworn saying surely as have thought so shall it come to pass and have purpose so shall it stand for the Lord of hosts had purpose and who shall disanol it and his hand is stretched out and who shall turn it back. So God is a sovereign God. Amen. And when he made a promise, he made a vow or when he swear because there's no one greater than him. He swore by himself and he gave Abraham a promise that your descendants will s to another country and they will be there for 400 years. After 400 years, I'll bring them out with a mighty head. Because God swore by himself and spoke that that word has to come to pass. Amen. And when the time came for that that thing to come to pass, Bra explained that Moses was ready but the people were not ready. And because they were not ready, it cost them another 30 years. Yes. And I'm afraid that the rapture should have taken place long time. But because some of us are not ready to go all the way out as our pastor said on our former pastor said last Sunday, let's look for those who are vaccinating around us. Let's go for the lost souls. There's a work for you and I to do I know God's a sovereign God. When he's ready, he can just move and let everything happen. But still, you are part of him. So we have to be obedient to the word of God and be ready so that he can use us the way he wants to use us so that nothing will be a hindrance. Because remember as I've always been saying if you do not do it he said I'm able to raise souls to the father Abraham to worship me. So God if you refuse is going to use he has so many tools to use. So we got to be ready. We got to do what we got to do because if we don't do it, he we need him more than he need us. And your unbelief cannot what? Stop God. And whatever God has purpose to come to pass, it will come to pass. One time the the high priest Zachariah, he doubted God's word. But his doubt and his unbelief did not stop God from bringing John the Baptist through his loins. Whatever God has purposed in his heart, it will come to pass. So you better be on board. If you refuse to be on board, you are the one that going to suffer. Amen. So back to what I'm saying, when God gave that promise, in that promise was Moses name hiding. But he never talked about Moses that Moses is the one going to do it. But him being the sovereign God. He knew that Moses the one who was going to what? Fulfilled and do that. And Moses have favor in the sight of God. And Moses was the vessel that God used to bring them back. Bible said that he forsook the pleasures of Egypt for a season and work with what? Lost despised few. Pharaoh was looking through the same window he was seeing slaves. But Moses the same window he was seeing God's promised children. It depends on what window you are looking it through. Where you are looking it through. That's what you get. What you expect even here tonight. If you expect God to speak to your heart, he will turn my mouth to say something to help you. But if you don't expect, you come, you go for nothing. You'll get nothing because you are not expecting to hear to receive from God. So you get what you expect. So you got to give me your undivided attention and let God speak and you pray that God will what? Use me to say something unconsciously to bless you. Amen. That's what we are here for. You are here not to see one another. You are here to hear from the Lord Jesus Christ. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. So Moses was the one that God chose to lead the children of Israel. And it was a one man uh one man one man message. God chose Moses as a prophet. And because someone like Kora in their time, the Lord allow him to let his spirit 70 people to go on them. They think they know more than Moses and God destroyed all of them. Is that right? So is God sent us a vindicated prophet brother William Myron Branham and he type himself as Moses. And what did Moses did when Moses were coming out from Israel from Egypt back to Palestine the Bible said there were multitude. There were two million people and remember they all passed through the Red Sea. They received the baptism of the Holy Ghost. They saw um they saw the pillar of fire. They saw the pillar of cloud. They ate mana. They drink from uh from the rock. They have all these miracles following them. Yet their heart was not right with God. And God destroyed all of them except Joshua and Caleb. Because Joshua and Caleb were of what? Of a different spirit. So is the message. This prophet that God sent, his message has caught up a lot of people in the next so-called message believers. We have maybe millions of them now. Five, I don't know how many people. But the bride is coming out from the message. It's not everybody in the message church is a bride. But all are called like the children of Moses. The children of Israel were called. Many are called but few are chosen. Amen. So as it was in the time of Moses, there were 2 million but it was only Joshua and Caleb who have faith who stood by what the prophet said by revelation not just by the letter because God revealed to Joshua and Caleb and they have confidence in the word of God revelated part of it that God revealed through Moses to them and when as we read from the scripture they said hope that is seen is not hope. It was revealed to them that God that delivered them from Egypt with mighty words. And even the last sign was a talking. And if I see the blood, I'll pass over you. And all the firstborn were killed. And they saw all those miracles. And they have confidence. They believe God. They have faith in their God. So when they went to spy the land and they saw the people were giant they didn't look at the giants of the people they look to the promise of God so is you and me no matter what giant you facing no matter what is in your life you got to look to the promise of God because God said I have purpose of myself amen have purpose and who shall disan anoint and his son is stretched out and who shall turn it back. Hey, I have taught and it shall come to pass. So whatever God has spoken in this word here, it will come to pass. So we have to believe with all our heart, with all our mind, with all our soul and stand by the word of God because in every age the true sons and daughters of God, they believe this word with full revelation. Amen. God reveal it to them and they stand by that. And Joshua and Caleb, they were of a different spirit and they stood by it. And that same God is here tonight. What I'm trying to say is that I'm not trying to scare anybody because the prophet said that you have to believe that if it's only one person in the whole Ontario going, I believe it's me. You got to believe it's you. Because that same God that has called you, that has revealed himself to you for all these years, here a little, there a little, prism upon precept, if you have that confidence and believe that all this is God, then that same God will take you home. So we have to believe that for yourself that if there's only one person, you and that individual and stand by that word of God. Amen. And act on the word of God as our former pastor encouraged us last Sunday. Let's act on the word of God. Let's pick our sword and cut out all those Amalachites. Can't chop the head off with the word of God. Because Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Because God has never been in a majority. Is always minority. Amen. Praise God. And someone like um Gideon in Judges chapter 6 verse 15- 16. And he said unto me, "Oh my Lord, where shall I save Israel? Behold, my family is poor in Manasseh. I am the least in my father's house. And the Lord said unto him, surely I'll be with thee, and thou shalt smite the median's house as one man. Amen. And when he get to a place, Lord said unto Gideon, "The people that are with thee are too many for me to give medianites onto their hands, lest Israel will vouch themselves against me, saying, "My own hand has saved me." In other words, God doesn't want us to boast of our achievement. He always gets to a place so that we can rely on him and give him the glory. So he doesn't use your abilities. You have to surrender it to him so he can use it. So he said that unless the people will v or will boast that their hands has saved them, I'm going to use only few people. And Gideon went to them and told them that anyone who is scared go and 22,000 left. It was left to 10,000. The Lord said 10,000 is too many. So he gave them the word test and when that word test came only 300 was able to what qualify for that word test. I believe that that word test is going on now. God is giving us the word test and he's trying to show the the characters that is hidden. That's why he said there has to be a falling away first. Because so many people that were with us when that word test came they failed and they have scattered and some of them have even turned against this very word and denying it because they failed the word test. But bless your eyes that you can see and bless you that you can say you were part of that 300. If you are to be transported back to the time of Gideon as you have the revelation standing by the word of God now you'll be part of that 300 that pass that word test that's why God is trying us every day and the trials when we come out of the trials he let us know what is hidden inside of us. Abraham never knew the faith he had until God put him to that test to was offer his only son and the Bible said by faith he offered Isaac why because when those test comes it proves you and it tries you and give you confidence that's what happened to Job he passed that work test And every son and daughter of God, you're going to go through the word test. You'll be tested. You'll be tried and whatever is inside of you will show up. So God doesn't need a majority. Little flock is your father's pleasure to give you what? The kingdom. And that kingdom is within you. You've got the power in the name of Jesus. You've got the power in Jesus name to cast out devils, to heal the sick, to pray for the sick. All those things within you, you got to activate it by acting on the word of God. Whatever you have need of tonight, ah, my God is able to provide it. But depends on you. is according to the level of your faith, the measure of your faith. Everything is available. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. He never changes. Hallelujah. He's looking for a willing heart. Hallelujah. Our God is good all the time. And what am I saying tonight? that every one of us we have a purpose. God have a reason. He has a purpose for you and me to fulfill it. And nobody can fulfill that plan unless you fulfill it. Amen. It doesn't matter. Like Simeon. like Simeon he was 80 year old man but God revealed to him that he will not die until he see the birth of Christ. He was 80 at that time maybe old and everything but because God has purposed that to him no matter what it has to happen and when that thing happened he said my eyes have seen the glory of God and Anna also did the same thing even though she was blind she has to see that coming of Christ and she has to fulfill that no one else could have fulfilled it so is you and me. Whatever God has ordained for you to fulfill, nobody can stop it. Even though sometimes human beings will try their best to block it, to do everything their power to stop it. But once God has ordained you for that, he going to move everybody away when the time comes and let you fulfill it. Because it's not by power, by might, but by my spirit, says the Lord. No matter what the enemy does, they can put like m on the face and everything like Mary Magdalene and the woman in the world. They were daughters of the living God. And the devil throw mud on their face and they become like prostitute and the men were using them and it thought that their life was like in shambles and Mary Magdalene was caught in the very act. But because she was a daughter of God, when the time came, oh my, the time that it seemed that was the end of her that she was going to be stoned, the time that she was so supposed to die because her work has not finished yet. And if your work has not finished, no one can take you out from this earth. Amen. Whatever you have to do in this life, if it's not finished, not even death can take you out from here. So is Mary Magdalene. It was time for her to die because the accusers were about to stone her and kill her and destroy her. But at that very moment, the Messiah was there and he began to write that this woman has been caught in the very act. He began to write. By the time he finished all of them has gone and he said that where is your accusers? They all gone who have never sinned. cast that first stone and they all departed and later on she came and fulfilled the very purpose that she was ordained for and follow the Lord ministry and even I believe that she was those that have the the incense to go and anoint that to go to visit him on the on the stone to anoint it. Why? because her life was not finished. And no one can take your life. No sickness, no death, nothing can take your life unless God is finished with you. And whatever you were created for, you will fulfill this one life. Don't let nobody pushes you around. They can push, they can do whatever, but it will come to pass. Amen. Amen. The same as the woman of the world, her purpose in life was to testify and bring people to Jesus Christ. But the devil attacked her and became like a prostitute and she was living like five married, divorced five times and then she also living with somebody's even husband. She went through all that rough time. But when the right time came, God, she said, I have me to go to Samaria because of her, he has to stop every meeting and go and meet her. So is a prophet of when Abraham was here and then he was supposed to take a plane to Chicago because somebody was praying for his daughter, her son, because somebody was desperate for the healing of her son. God has to grant that plane and take him to go and pray for that anti Jamaima son to what? Get well. Not only did that man receive his healing, he also receive he also also became born again. And later on he proved when he met him on the train station that have also been converted because there was a mom praying for her son. So is you and me. We need to pray for our children. No matter how far they have gone, we got to be on their knees for them. Like Job, his children were parting. But Job didn't look at them parting and say, "Oh, you are vagabond children. You are this or curse them." He was on his knees and he was praying for them. So sons and daughters of God, we got to pray for our children. We got to intercede for them. Even the Lot was as as as Lot was strong as strong can be. But still Abraham pleaded through the angel for him because of Lot. He interceded for him. So we have to have that intercessory prayer. We have to pray intercede for our loved ones. No matter what they have done, let's pray for them. Let's support them. Let's do our best because salvation is of the Lord, he's going to do whatever he do. But even in some place, he told the prophet of God that all that loved you and all that you loved, I have given to you. Amen. So if you have confidence and you know that you know that you know that you are part of the bride of Christ then you should be able to claim your children and believe that you love them and all that you loved God has given them to you. It doesn't matter what. Don't look at the appearance. Amen. Look to the promise of God and stand by it and say good words about them. Don't look. Pronounce healing. Pronounce deliverance. Pronounce right words. Amen. And you will see God to work. Sometimes you might not even see it right when you are living, but it will come to pass. You remember the story that talked about that man that um that when he went to a place and the people have gold they wanted him to drink and they wanted to kill him and he said that I'll say my last word when I kill me kill me because my mom told me not to drink now I will not taste the first break and one of them somebody was outside when they were about to kill him somebody came and interveneed he said my mom also told me the same thing but my mom is dead I disobey his her instructions and God used that man to bring all of them to Christ that man's mom did not see his son her son sorry being converted but because she planted the right word and did the right thing after when she was gone her son manifested that. So let's do our part and God will do his part. Amen. You don't have to see everything that you pray for. Don't have to see all the results. He knows what he's doing. He's on time. God, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Praise God. Our God is good. And I haven't finished my main topic because remember all that I was talking about what's happening in the garden of Eden. Is that right? So we've taken it back all the way to what? Calvary. And that woman's seed bruised the serpent seed on the cross on Calvary. He gave up the ghost. He defeated hell grave and hell grave and um death was defeated on Calvary when the Lord gave up the ghost. And what happened when he gave up the ghost? The spir he gave his spirit and after that on the day of Pentecost he became me a many member body his spirit the same spirit that was on Jesus Christ it went into the apostles on the day of Pentecost and they receive it because except a seed of man except the um except the the seed is planted it abides alone So he has to be die and what multiply himself. So after the death the devil first he has only to deal with he became many mamba body he didn't know who to deal with again now he became like a hot potato in his hands you go that same is in Peter it's in Philip it's in it's in it's in um Mark James everywhere and they were scattered and on day of pentecost 3,000 souls were added and the bible said that nobody death at H go to unless God what? Add him to it. And I believe in history repeat itself in a true church that God has ordained that believe this way. Nobody death come unless God call him and add him to it. You come by yourself, you go by yourself. But when God calls you, you know God has called you. No matter what anyone does to you, it's not that person that call you. Sometimes God even permit some people to try you and test you and be rough to you going to see your reaction. If that man who's been rough to you or those like they step on your toes like this when they step on your toes like that and all those things. If those individuals are the ones that call you that you pack your bag like modern day marriage when they face a little problems they pack their bag and they go home. So that's why some people treat the the house of God every little thing take his back and you go. But if God is the one that call you, you don't care. You stand by the word of God. You even pray for that individual and God will turn things around and bring it back to the right perspective. So we are not here for a man. We are here to worship the Lord Jesus Christ. It's him that brought us here. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Let me read this one here to just um wrap in the wrapping up stage. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So what am I saying? When he gave up the ghost, then his prayer became available and then those who are part of him in every age receive that word of God and manifest it because if you are not part of it, you can't receive it in your age. And God has been dealing with what individuals all the time. Hallelujah. So um that power that Adam had that's why the Lord Jesus Christ died to bring us back the third is a revelation of the seven seals and became available when God when the seals were revealed 1363. So I'm just going to read this here in uh the Messiah paragraph 55 now self will then God comes into the man into the heart which is the spirit then the spirit makes the soul and then the soul dwells in the body. Now when a man is converted say just like that little white bottom starts in his heart. Now that part is God. God when he's born again that spirit of God spirit dwells in him. Now, as he can let that spirit grow and take out all the roots of bitterness and press God's way through him, he can become back in the same condition that he was when he was in the Garden of Eden. Jesus said in Mark 11:24, "Very verily I say unto you, if you say to this mountain, be moved and do not doubt in your heart, but believe that what you have said will come to pass, you can have what you said." That puts him back right back supreme again. Puts him right back in the right condition. If thou kinds believe and do not doubt in your heart, God will work through you and if you say to this mountain be moved and do not doubt in your heart, but believe that what you have said will come to pass, you shall have what you say is still available for you and me today. We just have to act on the word of God and see God come and what vindicate it because he said I have said and I have purpose it will come to pass and it puts man back back in that condition because whatever Adam said God was pleased with it because he was thinking the thought of God and you tonight you have the mind of Christ. Amen. That's what the Calvarist was there for, to restore us back to our original thought, our original way of doing things. Yes, the flesh may make mistakes, but that sh that part of God in you, it can never disbelieve God's word. It will always spoke the right word. There's a fight, a battle going on. But as our former pastor, it depends on which one you are feeling most. That part of God in you can never sin. It can never disbelieve God's word. Amen. Because it's a part of him. So whatever you say, if thou can believe, all things are what? Possible to them that believe. I am a son of God and I have right to every promise in the book. You got to write to a sound mind. You got to write to everything that God has promised for you. Don't let the devil take away your joy of salvation. Don't let him steal away your joy. He just like to distract. He's a distractor. He bring things in your life to distract you, to try to take away your joy from you. But you have to say no. You got to boo him back. Put him back in his place. Tell him who side of what you are made up of. Amen. I like that song that Mlin used to sing. Amen. I'm one in a million. Hallelujah. What you are made up of, you have to show it to him. Amen. You are son or daughter of God. And God has placed his trust in you and me. He sent as a vindicated prophet. And he's like a wave shift. God raised him up. The way Jesus Christ was a wave shift. He also raised Abraham up for us to see what God can bring a man to. Is that right? We're not worshiping the prophet, but we have confidence that the same God that was in him is now in the true bride. Amen. In a many members body doing exact same thing through that bride life in a different way. It might not be in a high like him but still God is doing mighty works through the bride because he said that if thou can believe. If the same spirit that raise up from Christ from the dead if it dwells in you to also what quicken your mortal body. He said the works that I do shall you also do. Amen. That same God is here. He took the prophet. He never took his spirit and he is ready to use you and me. Amen. No wonder that the Bible said in Romans 8:19, Romans 8:19 again, it says, sorry, in Romans 8:19, for the earnest expectation of the creature waitth for the manifestation of the sons of God. They are all waiting on us to put that word to act on that word and bring it to manifestation so that everything can come so it can go back to that original creation where the lamb and the wolf will live together when dogs will not back on you try to bite you where all the lambs lion everything they all going to be in their proper state they are waiting on you and me. We are the ones with the last baton. And in Hebrews 11:37 to um Hebrews 11:37 to to 39. It said they were stoned. They were sworn as sand were tempted. Was lain with a sword. They wandered about in sheep skins and goat skins being destitute, afflicted, tormented. Verse 38, of whom the world was not worthy. They wandered in desertes and in mountains and in ds and in caves of the earth. And this all having obtained a good report through faith receive not the promise. God having provided some better things for us that they without us should not be what be made perfect. So they are waiting on us. They are all waiting on us because they without us will not be what? made perfect. That's why our former pastor spoke to us last Sunday. Let's act on the word of God. If you do not act on, you will not see the power of God. I remember myself when I first came here and I was, you know, my nature a little bit quiet. So, I don't like um things like that sometimes. bed. I remember one time my sister in UK was given birth. It was soon life and death and I prayed for her and God delivered her and the husband were very happy. But I never had that courage of like going out and laying my hands on somebody and praying for them before. But as pastor Simmon a former pastor preached last Sunday before he preached like that in a mighty and a powerful way like that and the word become so clear revealed to my heart become so real that oh man I'm going to act on this word of God. So I went to Ghana in 2003. That was the first time that God used me to pray for the sick because God sent our pastor here to preach that word in his purest purest form. And when he preached it like that, that anointing that spirit that revelation became so real and clear to me. So when I went to Ghana, there was no shyness in me. I was just testifying everywhere I was going. And I happened that I was going to visit my stepmom. His name is Agnes. And I kind of got lost to the house. And I ended up in another Agnes house in the area. When I went there, the woman was shivering with clothes on her shaking. And I realized it's not the same person that I was looking for. like under normal circumstance if it's not a person you go your way but because God has used our pastor that was way back in 2003 to preach like that that anointing that that when I was I was so on fire for Christ I laid my hands on the woman I prayed for her I gave her money and I left in 3 days time I came back and she said son God send you here. I was shivering. I was dying. There was no hope. But when God sent you here, when you prayed for me, I began to sweat. I began to sweat. I began to pee. Sorry, use the washroom. And within a short time, all my sickness, everything was gone without seeing any doctor. So what I'm encouraging tonight is if you have not been acting on that word of God, act on it. Don't worry as he said, lay your hands on the sick and get eye and what God will do the recovery. Don't be shy. Talk about the Lord Jesus Christ. Everywhere you go, don't be ashamed of him. He said, "If you ashamed of me, I'll be ashamed of you. Don't hide your religion. Let it be in an open face. Let the life of Christ in you speak because our life speak more rather than our words. Let that life flow through rest because the whole creation they are what groaning and waiting for the sons and daughters of God to take their positions just like Joshua and Caleb they took their position on the word of God. Amen. Samson recognized who he was. Amen. And when the fight came at he just take a jawbone because he knew the anointing of God on him and he take that jawbone and defeated thousand Philistines. That same God is here. If thou can believe take that word of God and God will manifest it through you. It's not by your power by your might but by his spirit says the Lord. Because the spirit of God is about to move. the bride's about to go. There's no time to waste. When you see all the things around us, what do you think is going to happen when this pope is in power? And very soon you're going to see that wealth council of churches come to this culmination. Amen. Hallelujah. And the scripture said the oneness is not churches coming together with different doctrines but you become one with God and God reveal himself through you. Amen. That's what a true oneness is. Hallelujah. Ah God is able. He's the same yesterday, today and forever. Amen. Hallelujah. No wonder that spirit of God Elijah was so conscious of the spirit of God in him. Amen. Sometimes we are not conscious of what we have. But Elijah was so conscious that he laid his body upon that dead body and came to life. It was God in that man. God took over. He was anointed. Jesus said that he was every prophet of God in the old temple was anointed for the with the Holy Ghost. They were then were lesser lines. He was the fullness of God being the Messiah. They saw Messiah then smaller messiahs for they were anointed with the same spirit that he was anointed with only he had it in fullness. So Elijah was conscious conscious sorry that God was in him. Amen. So when that situation happened, he made himself on that child and that child came back to life. So you have to be cautious tonight that same God is in you and he's able to face every situation that comes your way. Don't be scared. Be conscious of God and he will move through you. Amen. Hallelujah. Because remember there's bride and the spirit will say exact same thing. Anthony is just prepared to come. That same God is here. Prepare to come. So I encourage you tonight. Let's be conscious of God. Let's act on the word of God. It will bring it to pass. It's not you going to do it. He's going to do it through you. He hasn't changed. He's on time God. Our God is able. Amen. Praise God. I'm done for the day. I hope that it blesses your soul and uh let's go out tonight and work till Jesus comes. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. God bless you all. sweeping over the mountains, over the hills he runs. [Music] I long to hear his voice. I long to hear. Rise my son [Music] and it's manifesting time. Fruits are on the vine. The lovely rock is coming in plain view. Oh to God's chosen bride. Redemption drawing night. He's that lovely one that's coming for you. [Music] And the grapes are yours and mine. Little boxes for the mines for the vineyard blossom for the harvest time. Keep your eyes on things above. Don't look at me on you. See that lovely one that's coming in you and it's manifested. It's the best time. The fruits are on the vine. The lovely one is coming. Oh my choice right redemption draw in mind. He's that lovely one that's coming in view. And in the cl of the rock in the sweet place so high till the day breaks shadows flee away. Oh, in that mountain place, a sweet smell is coming true. He's that lovely one that's coming in plain view and it's manifesting. The fruits are all divine and the love is coming in to God's chosen. Redemption draw at night. It's that lovely one. It's coming in and it's mighty fested. It's mightest time. Fruits are on the fire. The lovely one. It's coming in. Oh, to those chosen. Redemption, joy, and life. He's that lovely one. God's coming in with you. How many believe that it's manifesting time? Amen. How many enjoy that tonight? What a wonderful time in his presence. Let's power our hearts. Lord, we are so grateful again, Lord, that we could come into your house, Lord. And you you did feed us today, Lord Jesus, that we understand, oh God. It's sons of God is manifesting your your word in this hour, Lord. And we are so grateful to hear your voice. Speak to us loud and clear. Lord, as we leave, may you go be before us. Guide us and protect us. Take each and everyone. Take us safely home, Lord God, and bring us back into your house on Sunday. We give you thanks. We give you praise. We give you honor. We give you glory. In your precious name we pray. Amen. Hallelujah. You are dismissed. Amen. We are children of the father. We are joints with the son. We are people of his kingdom. We are family. We are We are wash. We are wash. And we are sanctified. We are cleansed by his blood. We are born of the spirit. We are children of the Lord and we are members of his body. We are Jesus. We are partakers of his holy days. We are citizens of heaven above. And we are lovely for his company. We are looking to [Music] we are watching. We are waiting. We shall dwell in shall arise. Oh, we shall rain forever and angels shall sing. for your heart to the family of the faith. We are partaker of his suffering and partaker of his grace. We shall be here to be like him. We shall see him face to face. We are children. Oh, we are children of the father. We are joining. We are people. We are family. We are We are one. We are people of his kingom. We are family. We We are [Music]
