################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-29 - The Power of God Is Within You - Minister Desmond Opoku - Desmond Opoku.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-29
Title:    The Power of God Is Within You - Minister Desmond Opoku
Speaker:  Desmond Opoku
Church:   Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 25m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2WtYUoUtT8
========================================

Description:
Minister Desmond Opoku
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Hey. [Music] There's a ligh on the hill side that overlooks life se when I'm tossed it s of love that I might see and the light that shines in the dark this night will safely ly lead boy. If it wasn't for life, the ship will sing the world and I'll take all the light up. I owe my life to you. For Jesus is the light of And from the front of sea. He has shown his light all around me. Around us says this light. The big ships don't sail this way anymore. There's no use of it. Standing around and my mind goes back to that stormy night when just in time I saw the light. Oh, the light from that old lighthouse that stands there all day. And I thank God for my house. I owe my life to him. [Music] Jesus is the lighthouse and from the rust of sin. He has shown a light all around me that I can clearly see. If it wasn't for the lighthouse, tell me where would this be? And if it wasn't for the lighthouse, tell me where would they share? Hallelujah. How many thankful for the lighthouse? [Music] Amen. You are here moving in this place. I worship you. I worship you. You are here moving in a mess. I worship you. I worship you. Way maker, miracle work, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, earth work, promise keeper, might in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here touching every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You my head meets in everything. I worship you. I worship you. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. That is who you are. Oh wait, miracle work, promise keep light in the darkness. My God, I you are turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you. You are here turning lights [Music] around. I worship [Music] you. Oh, we make miracle work. Promise keep in the darkness. That is to you. Oh, we make a miracle work. Promise keep light in the darkness. My God is so [Music] good. Way maker, miracle work, promise keeper, light in the darkness. You wipe away the tears. You wipe away all tears. You men a broken heart. You the answer to it all. Jes, you wipe away. You wipe away all tears. You bend the broken heart. You're the answer to it all. You wipe away. You wipe away all tears. You can never have. You're the answer to it all. Jesus, way maker. You are way maker, miracle work, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, I see you way maker. Oh, waving miracle worker, promise keeper, lighting the darkness. That is who you are. There be no way for you. Amen. Hallelujah. I will praise the Lord. [Music] I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. And I will praise you Lord. No matter tomorrow brings what it has in store. I will pray one more time. I will praise the Lord. [Music] I [Music] to know my what tomorrow praise or what it has in store. I will praise [Music] him. And through it all. Through it all, I've learned to trust in you, Jesus. I've learned to trust in you. True it all. Oh, true it all. Oh, I learned to depend upon his. Oh, I love to depend upon. I thank God for the mountains. So, I thank God for the valleys. I thank God for the stoves he's brought. For if I never had a problem, I wouldn't know. And my God can solve it. I wouldn't know what faith God keep. As far as singing, through it all. Oh, through it all. I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God through it all. Can you put up the first verse for me? Oh, through it all. First verse. Learn to depend [Music] upon I've learned to depend upon. I've had so many tears and sorrows. I've had questions for tomorrow. Many times I didn't know right from wrong. But in every situation, God gave blessed consolation that my trials come to make me strong. That's why I sing it to you. Through my trials, through it all, I will learn to trust in Jesus. I learn to trust. Through it all, through it all. Through it all. Through it all, I've learned to deep word. Upon his word, I've learned to deep. One more time. Through it all. Through it all. True it all. Through my triumphs and my testing. Oh, I learn to trust in you. And I've learned to trust in God through it all. True. Oh, through it all. I would love to depend upon his word. I love to depend upon his word. Hallelujah. Father Lord, we are so grateful Lord that there's a refuge that we could come to Lord in time of need, in time of trials, in triump times of our testings. Lord, through it all, you've proven, Lord, we've learned to trust you, Lord Jesus. Because there's no other hope out there for us, Lord, how grateful we are, Lord, for your wonderful presence here tonight, Lord. We can feel your presence already. You've been waiting for us, Lord. And here we are, a people, Lord, coming through the rains today. Gloomy outside but Lord God there's there's brightness in your presence oh Lord and there's sunshine Lord we so thank you Lord for your grace your mercy nothing that we have done Lord undeserving of your love Lord Father as we approach I come to hear your word tonight Lord let your your minister Lord move him out of the way Lord that he can speak words of life Lord unto us Lord we can leave here a change people Father that's our desire tonight Lord We need your more than anything else, Lord. Have your own way tonight. We give you thanks. We give you praise. In your precious name we pray. Amen. Somebody say amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Learn to trust in Jesus and learn to trust in God. Amen. Let's uh let's sing this song. Oh Lord, send power. Let me see. Oh Lord, send you God just now. Oh Lord, [Music] sing on [Music] your [Music] power send me with the sound of washing. [Music] Tongs are [Music] fighting my slow. [Music] Oh my [Music] [Applause] god, and baptize everyone. [Music] Oh Lord, send your son. Oh, next verse. Oh my gosh. [Music] [Applause] [Music] They will always [Music] wonder when the Holy Ghost desire. Oh [Music] Lord. Oh [Music] Lord. Oh [Music] Lord. The verse of [Music] Christ. Yes. This old time all was given to our [Music] father. This is promise to be and we all. [Music] Oh my god. Send your power. Oh Lord. [Music] Send your [Music] fire. I've got the light. I've got the light. [Applause] [Music] I've got the I've got [Music] the I've got his nature. I've got no I've got the [Music] light. I've got the life. I've got the life. I've got the [Music] life of God. Yes, you got all in you. Everything. Not just only the life alone. Everything that God is, you have it. Hallelujah. God bless you, my brethren. Do you believe that? Everything, the whole of God is in you. Wow. What a what a song. That actually that is a that is my my message today. So that's fantastic. Hallelujah. Is everybody happy? We thank God that God has made a way for us to be here. See how the road is when you coming from Toronto is all raining and foggy and rain. But God rich in mercy. He has brought us together. You are here duly because of the love of God that is in you. Hallelujah. Amen. We're going to start reading our Bible. First Peter. No, I think um yeah, let me see. Second Peter. Yeah. Second Peter chapter 1 verse 4. We're going to read 4 to 10 and then we're going to skip to 16- 21. Before we read, let us pray. Heavenly Father, thank you that we get a life of God in us. Amen. Lord, if has not been for the life of God that is in us, where would we be this evening? Thank you for your love and mercy and grace that you have added us unto your kingdom that we can come here rejoice with you. Father we bid you welcome this great evening. Come among us. Be among us. Reveal yourself to us. Let us know who is in us. Father we thank you. We be the welcome. Come on. Come and enlighten your word onto us. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. And amen. Every time I come here, I always I always happy because this is my life and this is all what I have in this moment of time. I have nothing cuz if I don't have that life in me now, where would I be? Thank you. So, we're going to start verse four. whereby whereby I give whereby I whereby I given unto you unto whereby I given unto us exceedingly great and precious promises that by this ye might be partakers of the divine nature having escaped the corruption that is in the world through last. But beside this, by beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue, nourish, and to nourish temperance. And to temperance, patience, and to patience, godliness, and to godliness, brotherly kindness, and to brother kindness charity. For if these things be in you and abound, they make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. But he that lackth these things is blind and cannot see a far off and had forgotten that he was perished from his old sins. Wherefore the wherefore the rather brethren giving diligence to make your calling an election sure for if ye do these things ye shall never fall. Let's jump to 16 to 21. For we have not followed kindly devised fables when we made known unto you the power and and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. But were I by were eyewitness of his majesty. For he received for he received from God the Father honor and glory. When there when there came such a voice to him from the excellent glory, this is my beloved son in whom I am pleased where I whom in whom I am well pleased. And this and this voice which came from heaven we heard. And this voice which came from heaven we heard. when we were with him in the holy mount. We have also we have also a more sure word of prophecy where unto ye do well that ye take take heed as unto a light that shineth in the dark place until the day dawn and the day star arise in your hearts. Knowing this first that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation. For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. Amen. You may be seated. Hallelujah. This is Peter. They were eyewitness. They saw the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Right now, I'm telling you, God is working his with his wife. My my topic today, the power of God is within you. The power of God is within you. If the power of God is within you, who are we? Is within us. Who are we? We are many gods. You can create environment to live in. You can speak the word and something will happen. Hallelujah. You see, I I am really excited because I feel the reality of God that I worship, the God that is within me. The power of God that is within me that move me to be a Christian. Hallelujah. To be a Christian, you have to experience the God that you serve. Amen. Without experience the God that you serve, how can you be a Christian? Because he said, "I will give you all all other I have I give it to you." Amen. Glory to God. See, when Paul and and Peter were talking, they knew what they were talking. He said he was eyewitness. He saw something supernatural. It's not something that somebody have told him. He was with him. Glory to God. So if you are with God right now, my goodness. Hallelujah. Let the God of Peter and Paul open our understanding. And for the God that they serve is the same God that we serve today. He never changed because that's his promise. Jesus came as God. Hallelujah. He spoke and it happened. He called and they came. Hallelujah. He healed. He raised the dead. He healed the lepros. Lepros was a curse. So when God healed the lepros, the curse that was upon them, he reversed that cur curse. So our curse that was upon us, he call us. He reverse everything. Hallelujah. It is is more than the sick that was healed. Hallelujah. The salvation is more than the sick is that we always get healed from. Hallelujah. That's the best God can ever give it to mankind. Hallelujah. Because we are not from here. We are going back where we came from. Hallelujah. And we believe we are on our way home. Glory to God. Hallelujah. We are already married. We are the wife of God. Hallelujah. All what God has, he gave it to us. We gave everything to our wife. Our children when we die, we take everything. Your children inherit everything. Even this common earth here. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. You gave it to your wife. Mine. God gave everything to us. I am really excited today, tonight. I going to talk a little bit. You see, I can I I get so excited. But we have a man who can express it more than what we can express it. Hallelujah. He called us himself. Jesus himself called us. No man called us to be here. This Jesus himself called us because we are a part of him. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. You see we got to express the eternal life that he gave you to us right now. We are in it. Not is there that we are in it. We are in eternal life now because it started from here. We never die. Glory to God. If you are eternal over there, you are eternal here passing through from this fresh year. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Because you are eternal. God came down and reverse this body here. Hallelujah. And he revealed to us that we are eternal people. Amen. So this word here, we are strangers here. Glory to God. Hallelujah. You can speak and things happen. Oh my. I see. I see. I see. Hallelujah. I see God moving. Hallelujah. How can you see God moving when you speak or you pray for somebody, you speak to somebody and it happen? You know you have no power to do that. It's the same God that is in you doing through you. Hallelujah. You are eternal being sitting in the in the pew here. You are not just a human being that the people look to you. Hallelujah. Amen. One day you think when Paul said this body will change, you think he was just talking this body will fall down. It's like when you put a seed on the ground, that seed has to be rotten and the life has to spring forth. Hallelujah. My thank you Lord. The seed of God is in us. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. He started from who? He started from Abraham. Those ages there. Why? You see, we are speaking the word of God right now to the people right here on the face of the earth. When God came to Abraham, he sat down with Abraham. That was God himself. There were three people. Two went to Sodom. Do you think Sodom Sodorite do you think they they if they knew that those angels were God messenger you think they will behave like why they behave the same thing is happening now we are God messengers they they can't recognize us because why they are blinds of this world oh thank you Jesus hallelujah my Why? Why Abraham? God sat with Abraham because the love that God has for Abraham, he cannot help it. He has to sat down with with him and have fellowship with him. You see, Lot was not Abraham. God give his promise to Abraham. So Lord type the denomination here who where God is. God is with us here right now speaking to Abraham children because we receive him because when God sent his prophet and you receive him you you receive a prophet reward. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. God came down and sat down with Abraham and Abra Abraham received him. So he was pleased to sit down and reveal every secret that is going to do to Abraham. He told him, I'm going to destroy Sodom. And now we are in sodomite right now. Everybody see nobody that have to tell you you're going to reach a time you cannot walk on the street by you going to walk in the street by only spoken word. My thank you Jesus. H. Sorry about my scream. I'm excited. I'm excited with the what God has given to us and I have to enjoy it before even this body goes to the grave. I'm starting from here to heaven because heaven what you going to do? You're going to be enjoy joy. Joy joy joy in your heart. Could you imagine? You never see Abraham, but you heard him. And you sat down with Abraham. Hallelujah. And Abraham said, I'm pleased to see you. I was wanted to see you. Two, today they want to see us. Because the things that we are facing right now is not what they face that day. We are facing the sinners of sin. This world is full of so many corruption. Hallelujah. From the government to the church. But thank God, God has given us a prophet who has revealed himself to us. And now we accepted him. Now he make you his bride. His wife. The bride is over. You are his wife. God marry you. Go. You know me and Bri Gabriel, we make furniture. You get a fabric, big fabric. You roll it on the on the on the table and you cut, you put a pattern and you cut a pattern. All the fabric is good. It's the same price, but you cut you put a pattern on it. The one that you you take their breast that somebody's going to use them and the rest ask him we put in the garbage. You cannot use all the fabric. No matter what you do, you cannot use all the fabric. Some will go to the garbage. You cannot help it. God cannot help it. Thank God we are in the pattern. God's pattern. Hallelujah. God's pattern. We are in it. It's not by your, it's by the grace and mercy of God that we get it in. So don't play with your salvation. It's enjoy it. Please, this is wonderful. Wonderful. Children, young people, don't let nothing disturb you. Whatever God have for you, you're going to receive it. Hallelujah. There is nothing that can pass by you. God has in store everything for you. Hallelujah. Things that he don't even imagine is already waiting for you. You young people, I'm telling you. Don't be discouraged. Enjoy the salvation. Never mind what anybody tells you. This is real. Hallelujah. This is real. Children of God, let us stand up. God has given you something tremendous that nobody has it. Only you has it. Take it, enjoy it, use it. The power of God is within you. Hallelujah. We are You are not just a normal churchgoers. No, you are not a normal churchgoers. You are superior and conquerors. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you Lord. Oh thank you Jesus. The denomination the people rejected him and he turn right now. Thank God we Gentiles we didn't know him. It's by the grace of God. me and you can sit down and enjoying the goodness of God, the riches of his his his mercy and grace, the riches of his word he has given unto us. Don't say you don't understand. You really understand because you cannot understand by your own kind of mind. When the time comes that you want to know God who tells you. Hallelujah. Do not underestimate yourself. God going to reveal to you. God going to tell you what to do. And when you speak or when you do it is perfect because God has spoken through you. Hallelujah. It's not only you. Thank you. God is calling his children around the whole world. This evening I'm going to play a cassette. Babraham. I just give you this little I have all my notes here. But when I was coming this before I was coming, I want you to hear the word of God from the prophet about he that is in you. Greater is he that is you than he that is in the world. I want you to hear by yourself. So, we're going to listen to the message for a little while. Are you okay with that? God changed my plan. Hallelujah. God bless you. Let us put it on and then play the cassette. Let's stop so much nonsense. Be reverent, sincere. I notice those confessions sometimes when they on television when they had that Billy Graham's meeting. Not nothing against Billy Graham, but out there in California, the man preached a wonderful message that last night. preached the very same thing that I preached here not long ago on Daniel the art weight in the balance and pounding. How many saw it? Many of you, I guess. Look, did you notice those people coming from the aisles chewing chewing gum, laughing, punching one another? That's not walking up between death and life. That's not sorry for sin and repentance. It's just what Billy said, making a decision. And a cold, dryeyed consi decision is nothing. Amen. Not a thing. You've got to be sorry for sin and turn from it. And Billy himself said proves that out of 30,000, you can't find 30 in a year. He said the day, "What's the matter with New York? I had that great meeting there and what happened? Sin's worse than it ever was. And it will continue to get worse. There will be no re national repentance. The nation is gone. Amen. Amen. Just you individuals, right? And soon that'll be over if it isn't already. Amen. Now, you just mark that down. You young children see how far brother Brandon date brother Brandon that what I've said is right or wrong. Sin will get worse and worse until one day the skies will catch on fire. She'll fall to the earth and the earth will burn with fervent heat. But the redeemed won't be here then. They'll be gone. Now in the book of St. Mark the 11th chapter 1 John 4:4 and in Matthew 28:20 I wish to read. I first I wish to read from St. Mark the 11th chapter and the 12th verse to the 24th. Listen real close now as we read. And now this is going to back up for a little testimony and a few words of exhortation and then we'll see what the Lord will have us to do. And everybody just remain seated and be prayerful now as we read Mark 11:12. And on the marorrow when they came from Bethany, he was hungry. And seeing a fig tree far off having leaves, he came if happily he might find anything thereon. And when he come to it, he found nothing but leaves, for the time of figs was not yet. And Jesus answered and said unto it, "No man eat fruit of thee from henceforth forever." And his disciples heard it. And they came to Jerusalem. And Jesus went into the temple and began to cast out them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the money changers, and the seats of them that sold doves, and would not suffer that any man should carry any vessel through the temple. And he taught, saying unto them, It is written, My Father's house shall be called the of all nations, the house of prayer, but you have made it a den of thieves. And the scribes and the chief priests heard it, and sought how they might destroy him, for they for they feared him, because all the people was astonished at his doctrine. And when evening was come, he went out of the city. And in the morning, that's another day, as they passed by, they saw the fig tree dried up from the roots. Within 24 hours, the miracle had taken place after he said to it, "No man, nothing looked like happened then. But by the next day, it was dried up. And Peter calling to remembrance said unto him, "Master, behold, the fig tree which thou been cursed is withered away." Jesus answering him, said unto them, have faith in God. For verily I say unto you, that whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe, that those things which he said shall come to pass, he shall have whatsoever he saith. Therefore, I say to you, what things soever you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them. And when you stand praying, forgive. If you have ought against any, that your father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses. But if you do not forgive, neither will your father which is in heaven forgive your trespasses. It's on conditions. Now I would like to read first John 4:4. Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them because listen close. Greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. May I read it again now? Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them. Talking of the antichrist, because greater is he that's in you than he that is in the world. Two pronoun he personal he that is in the world and he that's in you. He that's in you is greater than he that's in the world. Now and the the 28th chapter of St. Matthew and the 20th verse teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you. Lo I am with you always even to the end of the world. Now a text from that tonight I would like to use this as a text. Ye that is in you and on this I wish to build faith of course for a prayer service and J just as quick now it is as I've told you I like to post you on events that has taken place and I usually wait until I come to the the church here to say the events and then if others likes to hear it. They can pick it up through the tapes, but I'll wait till I'm here. And there is at least this event that I'm going to tell you about just now. There's several men here that's witness of these Christian brothers. One that was present was Brother Banks Woods. Another that was present was Brother David Woods. Another that's present here was Brother Evans and his son Ronald. Another was present is our notable deacon brother Wheeler. And another present was brother man uh is brother man here from New Albia, a Methodist preacher that I baptized in the name of Jesus Christ just recently. He was there also when this happened. It's been for some time for a few years that I have had a deep burden on my chest that I in my heart it felt to me as if I had done something wrong and I searched my life over and over and over to see what was wrong. Lord, if if I've done anything wrong, then you just reveal it to me what's wrong and I'll go and make it right. But nothing would be revealed to me. I'd say, "Did I hurt somebody? Did I leave something undone? Have I do I read enough? Do I pray enough?" And I'd read and pray and and I' I'd say, "Reveal it to me. Did I harm somebody somewhere? If I did, I'll make it right. Just show me. I don't want this burden." And for the last five years since I come off the field, there's been a burden hanging in my heart. I've went to the mountains. I went to the seaside. I went everywhere and prayed and prayed and prayed and it just wouldn't let up. And I thought of everything if I had done anything but it still it wouldn't let up. I was just in bondage like and it's very strange that this would be lifted just at the time this message come forth of this morning. Now was it God holding back for this? I don't know. See these things is all in my mind. You can imagine what's in a man's heart when you put up with that. See, to think of what is taking place and know to tell the people knowing that some will get the wrong slant and some will go this way and that way and you know how it is and some will believe and some won't and but that's what you have to put up with. How can you say it without hurting? How can you say it that it'll take effect? How can you say it to show the people that you're not not picking on man but you love them? How can you be strict and firm and yet be loving and how are you going to present it and then have war to me if I don't present it? See, and there you are. See it? No wonder it keeps you nervous and to come down from from come up from Arizona to meet a bunch of brethren here that goes hunting with me up in Colorado each year. Now, some people has wondered why do you go hunt? What makes you see here? You are filling up. I'm emptying out there. I'm filling up so I can't empty out. You see now I don't go just to shoot game while people anyone here that goes with me knows that I passed by hundreds of head of game and never even touch them. I don't I hear not long ago I begin to shoot game for the Christian businessmen. When he go up say, "Billy, get me a bull. Get me a cow. Get me a elk. Get me this or that." The other. I'd go out and just shoot game from right and left. The Lord helped me so I could see, you know, fine game and pretty fair shooting and hit him and and uh they just sit around and talk about their business. Then the Lord told me not to do that no more and I I felt bad about it. So I promised him I wouldn't do it no more. You know, I said if it's emergency and somebody needs it, I'll do it. But if they don't need it, I won't do it. You saying, man, they got plenty of money to buy beef and stuff. go. Why should I do that? Let the animal live if you're not going to use it. So, um I just go to be alone. And any man that ever goes hunting with me? No, I don't hunt with anybody. I go out to myself to get alone. I go with him to have fellowship at night, stand around and pray and so forth. But there was many other ministers there. There was up in the mountains this year was our brother Palmer. I believe I saw him somewhere a while. Here he is sitting here. Brother Palmer and brother Bob Lambert. He was sure this morning. I heard him shouting somewhere. I guess he's still here. And then there was brother the two Martin boys. I I guess they're here. Are they Martin boys? Brother the brother Martin, you called me the other day. That was good. That boy uh was healed. That brother minister, are you here? The one I prayed for on the phone the other day. Uh forget his name from down in Arkansas there. His wife called me. Man is all swelled up in the side and high fever dying. The same man that was called out down at the the Little Rock or the Hot Springs meeting. sitting in the meeting and it's a fine looking fellow. He's here. I guess he won't raise up now at all, but uh I forget his name. I can't think of his name. Blair. Brother Blair. Somebody. Well, now sitting in the meeting at Little Rock. How many was that? I mean, at the Hot Springs, how many is at the meeting? And the Holy Spirit called that young fella and told him that the devil was trying to get him to renounce me to say I was a false prophet. And the man witnessed it was the truth. You see what the devil is doing? The man don't go to doctors. He don't believe in going to doctors. But the Satan knew this disease was going to strike him and he could kill him right there. See, so he's trying to get him to renounce me. And the Holy Spirit and grace called him out and told him not to do that. The man being a stranger called him not to do that. And the other night his wife called me and said, "Brother Brandon, I believe he's dying." Said he's is all swelled out. His fever is out of his head nearly. And so the last thing he said, "Call brother Brandon." I said, "Have you got anything? Your purse with a handkerchief?" No, I was in Tucson. She was in Arkansas. And I said, "You got?" She said, "I believe her scar." I said, "Now put your hand on the scarf and hold receive the other hand." And I prayed and asked God to be merciful and to renounce that enemy. And she went and laid the scarf on the man. And the next morning, he called me. In about 24 hours or less than that, our precious brother, I haven't seen him tonight yet, Brother Roy Roersonson. And at once, you know, Brother Roy, kind of a military man. If he's here, I I hope he understands because I'm not condemning that. But everything's stuck. He's a sergeant in the army, you know, and you have to kind of get used to handling man like they do in the army. Well, these spiritual things were somebody else, not Henum. But the Lord spared him. He would have been dead. They laid him out for dead for a long time. The Lord healed him. He's followed it ever since. But all this spiritual stuff he didn't know about in visions. And here not long ago. Many know the vision that was given to brother Roy even before I went out there about him seeing me standing up on the mountain there in that light and a voice coming from him. That took all doubt from brother Roy. And the other night he was stricken in such a place until he was so sick and got so high and fever and stuff and the doctor had given him medicine everything and then it didn't do no good and he even become to a place to he couldn't even move himself anymore. his legs and things is like paralyzed and a poor little brother has been shot to pieces with shrapnel from a 88 Germany 88 and it was just every I think all his whole crew was killed but he and there he was blowed to pieces and you know what happened I told his noble wife sister Roersonson she said she got anything there she said I got a handkerchief if you want to pray or I'll go get it now I was in Tucson and laid her hand up on that and prayed had a rebuke and said, "Sister Overson, it's going to be gone." Something told me there it's going to be gone. Say it. And within a half hour, the beaver is gone. He's in the kitchen hunting something deep. Great is our God. What I'm trying to say, don't never lose your confidence. Don't let Satan tell you evil about me cuz he's much. But you keep that confidence cuz if you don't, it won't happen. Don't look to me as a man. I'm a man. I'm full of mistakes. But look to what I'm saying about him. It's him. He's the lamb. As we were in Colorado, as we were up there, we went back and been real dry. Game was scarce. Brother Wheeler, the Lord blessed him and gave him a a fine trophy. And we were so happy about that. First time he's ever woods hunting. And the Lord blessed him. And then I had shot a big trophy that I had looked for for 20 years. been watching Brother Banks and I been after him for a long time. And when I did shooting my rifle in down in a hot country, bringing up into a cold, it swell the stock on glass bed and it shot it several inches off and hit the animal standing between trees where it ought to hit him lower than that, which would have humanely killed the animal in a second, but it hit him so high it he jumped like he fell like that and Billy was with me and he said, "I got him." I thought it too, but when we went over there, it wasn't. And so he said, "You hit a tree." I looked up and now there's no mark on the tree. And then I went to searching for it. And then there come a warning sign. There was practically a hundred men just above us. And brother Palmer and them as a witness of that. And brother Evans. That's right. He was there. Brother Welsh Evans and his boy Ronnie. I'll be called him a while ago. And great loads of man went up above us. What call the cow camp up there where the cowboy stays and rides keeps the cows separated. I used to stay in that camp myself and herd those cattle and keep them apart. And then um so in there there's about a hundred men, but anyone knows in that country when a blizzard is forecast, you better get away right now. That's why brother Palmer and them left early because he only had a 3-speed transmission in their car and they had to get out of there cuz weather you're there and you might stay for weeks. So they said there is a blizzard coming. the forecast, the papers, radio, load after load, practically everything from up around in there left out. They're gone right now cuz they know to get out of there. But my brethren had two deer license and they they didn't want to go. So, um I said, "Well, we'll stay." But I had a meeting coming up in about 6 days and I had to go back to Tucson. So my little wife I we've been married 22 years and 20 years on our anniversary I've been up there every time just happened to hit me. So I I got a little place I always walk out and pray and it looked like a place where I tuck her you know I made kind of a little thing you know I didn't have enough money to take a hunting trip and my honeymoon so I I kind of tucked my wife on a hunting trip for the honeymoon. So we was in New York and I remember helping her up over logs and things and get into a place and I got a little place out there I always think of her when I go there on our anniversary October 23rd is when the season's open there and 20 years I haven't been home always up there. So that day was our anniversary and brother man I said now if you brethren I said to the fire that morning now if that night rather if you all want to stay now remember we may be in here for a month cuz I've seen 20 foot of snowfall just in a little overnight just you go out there and you just as dry and nice the next morning snows just need over maybe over top of your tent. So then I said and then you stay there till that melts all so you're about 15 to 20 miles back in the wilderness. And so then I said, "And if it gets emergency, of course they send in helicopters and get you out, but usually they just nobody perishing. They just have to wait there." So everybody scats this as soon as they hear that broadcast rather. So we were back there and I said, "Now you make up your mind. If you want to stay, I'm here to hunt with you and I'll call my wife and tell her happy anniversary." But I said, "Then in that I will also I we will we'll get some groceries cuz we might have to stay in here without bread then." And I don't want to see any more flat jacks for a long time and pancakes. So then I'd been eating them in Canada for about 21 days and I sure had a fill of them things. And so then I want to get some bread. So they said they wanted to stay. So there was nothing for you to stay. But brother man and I went out and we went down there and I got the groceries and I called the wife and the phone wouldn't answer. No one answered. So, I waited about an hour till we got the grocery shop, went back, called, she didn't answer. I had to call Sister Evans. I believe Sister Evans is here. And I told, "Yeah, Brother Evans. Sister Evans is here." So, I called Sister Evans for Brother Evans and told him. She said, "I'll call Sister Brandon and tell her a happy anniversary." Of course, you know. So, but she'd gone shopping to get some groceries for the children. And then we come back and the next morning, what was in the skies but clouds. It hadn't rained up there all fall and it was really dry and it to prolong the hunting season a few days extra on counter drying. Well, I said to the brethren that morning, now the first drop of rain starts to fall, the first snow, the first sleep, anything. Take for the camp just as hard as you can cuz within 15 minutes, you can't see your hand before you and it'll just twist and blow. And I don't care how well you know the country, you you're going to stay right there and you'll perish cuz sometimes you can't even breathe. The sleep blowing so that you die right there. And I said, as soon as it starts with that sleep, you take for the camp just as hard as you can. I don't care where you are. Well, I said, "Go up here and set these gulches and I'll climb way high and roll rocks over the hill and so forth. Scare the deers off the top and run them down. You pick out what you want." So, I started climbing high and by the time I got up to where we call the saddle, a little place there, and I always cross over to go to a place called Quaker Knob, right on the continental divide there, way high. And when I got to almost this little saddle, it's the clouds are getting blacker and blacker. Wasn't a car left, just us up there. as far and a cowboy on the camp. So, it got it got worse and worse. So, in a few minutes, it started raining. Well, I took my gun and put it under my coat, keep the scope from smoking up and and uh stopped getting wet, whether it run into a bear or something coming back. So, I I held my scope like that and sat down under a tree a little bit. I sat there and praying. I said, "Lord God, you're the great Jehovah and I love you." How many experiences have I had? And I pointed out to the brethren, brother Palmer and them the places where the eagle, you know, I seen him rise up that day, you know, and how that the places were all taking place in there. It's a temperamental thing to me in there. I've had so many great experiences with my Lord up in that mountain. So, you just can't go there without seeing. He's just everywhere. So, then as I'm I sat there, then the sleep started in the wind twisting like that. And I said, "Well, I know the way down, but I better get off of here right now." So I said it looked down and I couldn't even see the bottoms no more than clouds just whirling and twisting and sle blowing and there it was the blizzard forecast for several days. A big blizzard coming. Brother Tom is your brother Tom Simpson coming down from Canada heard the forecast and he was advised not to go through that part of the country because his forecast said there'll be blizzard. Where are you brother Tom? I think that yeah right here. And um he the blizzard was coming. Everybody done set in for it. Well, I popped my gun back under my shirt, I guess, my red shirt. Started walking down the mountain and as I started, I got about a half a mile from the saddle and oh my big drops of snow like that and the wind twisting up on that mountain and blowing. I couldn't see the bottom no more. I could see about 20 ft in front of me and 30. I know to come right down this little what we call a little hog back, little ridge and come off to the creek. Then I know to follow the creek and where to go to if it got real bad. And u so then I started down and got about halfway down there and something said to me just as plain as you hear me stop and go back. I thought what was I thinking about maybe just my mind and I just couldn't make another step forward. David had fixed me a sandwich that morning. I think he tried to get Eve with me for fixing his daddy one one time of onion and honey. That's all we had. So he fixed me a baloney and oh I don't know what all it was wrapped in there. I had it in my shirt and it's done got wet through my shirt. I thought I'll just stop and eat this and maybe I'll you'll be all right then. So I pulled out the sandwich about 10:00 and I started eating the sandwich and as I eat the sandwich I thought now I'll be all right. And I started to move on but something said go back where you come from. go back through that storm a half a mile or more back up the mountain into that dark timber where you can then hardly see as far as that bargain but I'm getting to be an old man and I've been a Christian now for 33 years and I know no matter what how ridiculous it seems mind the Lord hear what the Lord said and I turned and went back to the saddle feeling my way back all asleep getting harder and harder, getting darker and darker. And I sit down there and just put my coat up like this or my shirt over the scope against sat down. I thought, "What am I doing here? Why would I come back up here and I just waited a few minutes and I started to get up again and just as plain as I'd ever want to hear, a voice said, "I am the creator of heavens and earth. Hallelujah. I make the winds and the rain. I took off my hat. I said, "Great Jehovah, is that you?" He said, "I was the one who made the winds to cease upon the sea. I was the one who made the waves to go down. I created heavens and earth. Was not I not the one that told you to speak to those for squirrels and they come into existence. I am God. Now when a voice speaks to you, watch the scripture. If it's not scriptural, you leave it alone. I don't care how plain it is. You stay away from it. I said, "Yes, Lord." He said, "Speak to those winds and that storm and it'll go away." Now this Bible lays before me which my life is in that. I raise up I said I do not doubt your voice Lord. I said clouds, snow, rain, sleep, I resent your coming in the name of Jesus Christ, go to your places. I say that the sun must come out immediately and shine for four days till our hunting trip is over and I leave with my brethren. It just gushing just like like that and it started going going I went stop. I stood real still. My brother up there wondering what was happening and the sleep rain stopped. There came a wind whirling down through the mountains, lifted up the clouds, and one went this way, east, north, west, and south. And within a few minutes, the sun was shining nice and warm. That's truth. God knows that's true. I just stood there just looking around with my hat off looking. God, I You say I got numb all over. I thought the very God of creation, it's all in his hands. What's he telling me? And I picked up my gun, wiped off the scope, started to walk back, go down the hill, and something said to me, "Why don't you stroll with me through this wilderness? Walk with me." I said, "Yes, Lord, with all my heart. That would be one of the greatest things I could do was walk with you." Amen. So I put my gun over my shoulder and I started walking down through that never axelate in a verge of timber. walking through there. And as I did walked along down along these game trails, I felt like I believe I will go up to the place where yesterday was our anniversary. And I will stand there just a few minutes just as a little salute to meeting at where it's a little bunch of quaking ass up on a little knob. And I said, I believe I'll walk up there just as a salute to our anniversary. Then I'll go back down on this other side in these dark timbers and walk around and go around over by towards corral peaks and come back down that way just walking and rejoicing. I saying, "Father, I know you are walking with me." And what a privilege. There's nobody greater I could be walking with. The very God in that warm sunshine even to when I come out of the mountains, I stopped at filling stations and I said, "Beautiful day." Three days later, it never rained in that part of the country until the four days was over. The sun shined every day. Is that right, brother? And not a cloud in the sky. And I come out to filling station. I said, "Um, sure. Beautiful day." "Yes, it is." I said, "Been off." Said, "It's a strange thing." This attendant said, said, "You know, they told us we was going to get a big blizzard, but all of a sudden it stopped. I come on down on the New Mexico line. Billy and I, my son, we went into a little place there to get some uh the morning we left and I said, "Sure, pretty day." "Yes, it is." I said, "Look been pretty dry." "Yes, it has been." I said, "Are you from there?" I said, "No, I'm from Wisconsin or somewhere." Said, "I've been out here about 20 years." Said, "I guess you could call it home." I said, "You're a navy then, I guess." So, I said, "Yes, sir." I said, "Looks like it's been awful dusty." He said, "You know, the strangest thing happened." Said, "We had a forecast it was going to get a blizzard and a lot of snow and it actually started and then quit." And I said, "You don't say so." And I come home and brother Tom said that he was told not to go that way. A blizzard soon. He come through the country without any sprinkle of rain or anything. Have still God. Just as much as he ever was. See, walking up there, I was going along. Now, this part I hope my wife don't get this tape, but I'm going to tell you something. You know I It's okay. Praise the Lord. You enjoy the tape. This is real. This is what we are feeding on right now. See, as I talk, I feel goosebumps all over my body. But I feel it because it's part of me. It's part of every one of us. He's in us. He is a prophet. People may laugh at you oldfashioned something like that. But let me tell you, greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. You have something special. This message just get it, play it again and exch God has given us something special. The same thing that we read, we read every day from our the day that God called Abraham to this day is the same God. And we are blessed that God has given us a prophet, such a prophet, and they rejected him. The world rejected him. But we who that we are nothing. The world count us nothing. No education. No nothing to look to. God has called us brethren. This is what we are and this is what God have given to us. Let it hold on tight and one day you will see by yourself face to face and you know the work that you're doing is not in vain. Keep on working. God never finished hasn't finished with you yet. He's building you. See the scripture that we read is the same virtue. Faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance. You want me to read again to you for this to see everything is in you. He build you up. The same thing the scripture that we read. You see here you see and beside this given all diligently added to your faith virtue is over there and virtue to nourish and to nourish temperance and to temperance patience and to patient godliness and the and to godliness brotherly kindness and the brother kindness is charity. That's the up there. See the study study of a per what is in you. It's not just at the back on the wall. It's within you. You have everything. God bless you, brother. This is what I have for you tonight. I hope you'll be blessed. Keep on working. God hasn't finished with you yet. I had my message but before I came God changed my my message for me to share this with you and I hope you'll be blessed. Brother Gria, you are blessed to see you tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. All you people that are here tonight, you are blessed. Thank you. And those people are watching on the line, I hope they are blessed too. Let us pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you so much. There's no words that we can speak for the blessings that you have given to us. All what we have we asking now. Give us more wisdom so that we can understand you more and more. to help us to grow bear our faith. Lord, King Solomon asks wisdom to rule his people, you never deny him. And we believe tonight, everything that we ask tonight, you're going to give it to us. every one of us. Whatever they hold in their heart right now, Lord, I believe you're going to do it. Whatever they have in their heart right now, who is watching online, who going to listen to this tape after we have gone? Lord, bless them. Let them see this is life and this is real and let something supernatural happen and that thing going to a memorial in their whole lifetime that you going to live on this earth before we go home. Father bless every one of them. If there's any sickness among everyone Lord heal them. Any problem in our life lord solve it. Let them see you are the same God who told the prophet. Speak to the storm. Speak to the wind. Hallelujah. You are unchangeable God. Father we believe you. You are the same yesterday, today and forever. Thank you. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Father take us to our vir home safely in Jesus name. Amen and amen. God bless you. [Music] We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Those Satan raes must be. We've got the power. [Music] Let's agree together. I don't [Music] eny shall be bound in heaven at the name of Jesus. Satan has to leave. We got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. For many years now, Satan tried to stop us. But the bride of Jesus, Lord, we are still alive. like a mighty army. We keep on falling every little on your side. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. The saint and raes we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated. Got the power in the name of the Lord. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. In that is me. Greater is he. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in [Music] me. Sless like the roaring night to seeking who we may devour. fills me. So many souls have been free to fall. So power was [Music] promised greater is he no one's greater. Lord's greater see that he's in me and he is in me. Greater on the day of Pentecost they came rushing mighty wind and blew into the upper room with a power in the power [Music] rad. I'm so glad I've got it too. [Music] Praise. Oh, greater is he. One more time. Greater is he. Great. No one's greater he gater is in me. Hallelujah. How many enjoy that tonight? Amen. You are dismissed. [Music] Amen. I've got a joy, joy, joy, joy in my heart. In my heart. In my heart. I got a joy joy joy joy feeling my heart [Music] sing joy joy in my heart in my heart in my heart joy joy joy joy [Music] So, so [Music] Jesus [Music] so that [Music] I have the peace that passing understanding down in My heart my heart I have the peace [Music] that my heart I am so happy so very happy Jesus And I'm so happy [Music] so I got so happy. [Music] [Music] So [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat.
